this crisis in steel and aluminum has shown the fallacy of the prevailing notion that disequilibriums in trade will…
rt  jessicagolds  the portraits don t look like the portraits that came before them  but of course  neither do their subjects  on the unvei…
when we send young men and women into combat  they deserve to have a specific mission that has the support of the a…
rt  energycommerce  rms  frankpallone   repgenegreen and  repdianadegette request briefing on hhs  radical changes to title x grant program…
thanks for coming by 
rt  lacyclaymo1  sending a huge thank you to my good friend  rokhanna for his generous donation and strong endorsement for my reelection on…
mr  president  there is help for your deteriorating mental health  it s called admitting guilt and telling the truth 
outside city of refuge with  hollywoodladyj from the film  black panther   congratulations janeshia 
house democrats deserve the same deal our senate colleagues got  this budget deal would have my support if…
6 years ago  otd   sonia sotomayor made history by becoming the first hispanic justice on  scotus  
4  trumpcare = crushing age tax  50-64 yr olds will pay five times more than others  no matter how healthy   5/6 
rt  thebeatdc    repjayapal   repbarragan  and  repmceachin slammed interior secretary ryan zinke for his comments that  diversity isn t im…
i m a no  russell amdt threatens workplace protections for  lgbtq   women  & religious minorities  tell congress to…
forced family separation is happening in many places  once separated  parents are sent to ice detention centers &…
  betsydevosed s comments about the oklahoma teacher walkout are disgraceful & reflects her inability to understand…
we must also hold industrial agri-businesses like syngenta accountable for using this harmful chemical and putting…
 jessdwee thanks  jessica  i went to the nashville rally this morning to listen to the students  they are remarkable 
the constant reshuffling of white house staff is not health for the country  the inability to maintain a cohesive c…
it was a mistake to take north korea off the terror list  in 2008  i introduced legislation to prevent it  and i ha…
rt  housedemocrats  today we honor the trailblazing women who have marched  raised their voices  and fought for their rights and the rights…
on nov  27  1973  the senate voted 92-3 to confirm gerald r  ford as vice president succeeding spiro t  agnew  who d resigned 
rt  aflcio  we 💖 teachers  don t you  thank a teacher today 
climate change increases air pollution  the spread of disease and extreme weather events such as heat waves and sev…
we can t let  realddonaldtrump destroy environmental protections without a fight  that s why i m joining 106 reps &…
the decision to add a citizenship question to the 2020 census will have long-lasting consequences for the future of…
walking away from the table endangers the planet for future generations & leaves us workers and businesses less competitive 
join me today at the mickey leland federal building at noon as i introduce a bill to safeguard  tps  recipients and…
i will be calling on the us  statedept to investigate why wendell brown is still in a chinese jail  we must do ev…
⚡️⚡️celebrated winning shot w thousands    tampasdowntown  curtishixonpark wow  obviously the force is with us…
as we celebrate asian pacific american heritage month  it s a privilege for me to salute our diverse  aapi  population …
it truly is a sad day in america when bulletproof backpacks for kids sell out in stores across the country and cong…
rt  211lacounty  📢important notice  public hearing on proposed closure of long beach community medical center on wed  april 11  2018 from 6…
drilling off our coasts risks our economy and way of life  a spill would threaten fisheries  shellfish growers  tou…
rt  housedemocrats  republicans sold the g o p tax scam as a bill for the middle class  in reality  corporations and the wealthiest americans…
solutions only idea 8  provide  mandate and fund regular training for law enforcement officers  health providers an…
sending my thoughts and prayers to the whole bush family on the passing of barbara bush  please accept my family s condolences 
so proud of the brilliant young artists that submitted for this year s competition    
rt  ananavarro  the gop has to really ask themselves  why is it that pedophiles  convicts  racists  bigots  neo-nazis are all choosing to r…
 dyk   arva marie johnson joined the capitol police force in 1974  becoming the first female officer  the first unif…
i had the pleasure of meeting with  rockyhillschool freshman ava grenier-riley and her mother kelly today  thank yo…
it s time for  housegop to stop their anti-woman & anti-choice crusade and start listening to the experts   hr4712… 
doesn t matter whether  realdonaldtrump called haiti   african countries  shitholes  or  shithouses  while negoti…
assad s war crimes are horrific  while there must be a response  the president must come to congress for an authori…
yesterday we heard from dr  deepak ganta on  involving minority students in interdisciplinary stem research  at our…
congratulations to my niece courtney on finishing the boston marathon today  lisa  patrick  molly and i are so prou…
recent reports have unveiled that the spectre and meltdown vulnerabilities pose a serious danger to consumers  pe…
rt  raedawnjohnson1   repbradashford thank you for serving our omaha community  servantleader
we continue to review details of today s opinion 
rt  repjohnlewis  50 yrs ago today  we set out to march from selma to montgomery to dramatize to the nation that people of color were denie…
rt  orlandopolice  at the police week2018 candlelight vigil  never forget
yesterday  i led a letter alongside my colleagues to  housegop leadership urging action on the federal opioid respo…
deeply saddened by the loss of my colleague and friend congresswoman louise slaughter  a terrific  dedicated leader…
as a lifelong iowan  this wasn t news to me  but glad the rest of the country is in on it now  🥇
india world foundation global peace conference in  edisonnj
with their reckless process and shameful tax plan  congressional republicans have bestowed an enormously expensive…
rt  govsandoval  i have ordered flags to half-staff tomorrow  april 6  2018  from sunrise to sunset as a mark of respect and in remembrance…
as co-chair of the problem solvers caucus  i m proud to work across the aisle to find common ground and get things…
our efforts must be immediate and more robust  suffering will only increase if we do not act 5/8
under the leadership of richard cordray  the  cfpb put nearly  12 billion back into the pockets of over 30 million…
happy diwali & sal mubarak to all those celebrating the festival of lights and gujarati new year in silicon valley…
i thank  speakerryan for his service  and i respect that he is prioritizing his family over his political career  t…
one of my amendments underscores the importance of  usairforce tankers to the military  and will accelerate the del…
one in three women and girls will experience violence in their lifetime  on international day to end violence again…
enjoyed meeting with the new jersey laborers  liuna to discuss improving our infrastructure  and creating good-payi…
rt  capitolwong  pamplin media group - bonamici fields adult questions from middle-school audience
 drilling is wrong  not legal & not rationally based  
i introduced the clean water partnership act  cwpa  in part to encourage every state to use a program similar to vi…
trump shutdown fact  8 500 cdc employees will be furloughed as a result of the shutdown  this will severely impact…
i met w/us trade rep lighthizer this am about nafta negotiations & urged him to protect us workers in any new deal
on earth day  my thoughts are on the need to protect america s lands from drilling  from anwr to our coasts  drilli…
rt  reploisfrankel  equal pay day recognizes that women must work 3 extra months just to earn the same pay as men  closing the gender wage ga…
congratulations to the climate science alliance on their inaugural san diego climate summit  where they focused on…
  realdonaldtrump  sued for housing discrimination  central park 5  obama birtherism   mexicans are rapists    very…
join me next wednesday  may 2nd in compton at george washington elementary school for a water quality town hall to…
despite overwhelming public support  president trump s  fcc voted to end net neutrality  today  i m joined by 149 o…
to the american labor force  thank you  your hard work will never go unnoticed  happy labor day
military families should never face food insecurity  that is why i introduced the military hunger prevention act  w…
rt  buzzfeednews  opinion   the weaknesses of our electoral system should push us forward to voting technology that s more secure and easie…
we lead a coalition of ags  opposing a proposal that would end the collection of data on violence against  lgbtq  y…
rt  edworkforcedems  ranking member  bobbyscott  i would not be where i am today if not for my elementary and high school teachers  thank y…
mi esperanza para el futuro en cuba y  eeuu  es para que los 2 gobiernos escuchen as los pueblos quienes quieren ca…
this is a stark reminder of how much damage has been done to our country s future in the last 15 months 
 alexburnsnyt  chastened nodding 
rt  congressmanraja  the gop farm bill would slash snap  our premiere anti-hunger program  by  20 billion  meals from  snap  and its predece…
the violence against women act  which i proudly supported  was reauthorized five years ago today  congress needs to…
 uncle_jimbo respectfully  sir  you should take that up with the ballistics expert and pathologist who testified in the referenced case 
with the additional contribution by genesee & wyoming of  2 million  this project will allow ct businesses to take…
high school students  my office is now accepting entries for the 2018 congressional art competition  all submission…
rt  lgbteqcaucus  what was it like to be  lgbtq  while in school growing up  show some support for l g b t qyouth during public schools week
just voted yes on the omnibus  far from perfect  but includes a lot of good things for texas and the country  the b…
california needs d r e a mers like adam  a promising mathematics student  today i called for a vote on the dream act t…
rt  officialcbc  cbc chairman  reprichmond signs our 1 300-page jobs and justice act of 2018 after a press conference on thursday  may 10  2…
rt  lafd  creek fire please check this evacuation map to determine if your home falls into the evac zone and if you border the zone be rea…
today i met with the family of avera mengistu  avera has been held captive by hamas since 2014  i am calling for hi…
information about government shutdown
 speakerryan  housegop   housegop pushing trump style loyalty pledge for any member of congress - democrat or repu…
en una emergencia  el primer paso consiste en estabilizar la situación  y creo que promesa puede lograr este objetivo 
calfresh is offering food assistance to those affected by wildfires – apply by tomorrow
republicans—the people who don t want to pay teachers or buy them pencils and paper—are proposing to buy teachers g…
today i joined students from tacoma at a townhallforourlives  i m with you  i m tired of moments of silence  congr…
with a buck fifty a week my constituents can t even get a gallon of gas for the drive home  g o p tax scam
deporting  tps  holders - who are vetted  legally present & authorized to work - would cost employers  967m  save t p s
yesterday  i met with representatives of  icegov to raise my concerns about deportations in our community  especial…
rt  housedemocrats  help prevent the abuse of prescription drugs by taking part in national take back day  find where you can dispose of unu…
rt  awwaace  awwa supports  repmarciafudge  s bill encouraging collaboration between ag producers and water systems to protect drinking wat…
wishing a happy mothers day to all the great moms of the world  here s a photo of my mom—the late barbara raskin—a…
trump s actions have made a nuclear-armed iran more likely  and the world a more dangerous place  it will have ser…
proud our local governments  including  pinellasconews and  myclearwater  are standing strong in the fight to prote…
rt  metrolosangeles  bus detours  marathon shuttles and how to go metro to the la marathon this sunday 
additional counseling and supportive mental health services should be made available for all students  their famili…
wh has announced plan to renegotiate disastrous  nafta  agreement  any new deal must help middle class  bring manufa…
rt  jimparkscfp  it was an honor to visit with congressman josh gottheimer  joshgottheimer last week  one of his major initiatives is to fi…
rt  house_drtf    oversightdems 👏👏👏
rt  energycommerce  watch live  full committee hearing with facebook ceo mark zuckerberg →
 amyharlib i couldn t agree more – i m a proud supporter of the paycheck fairness act & have intro d the gender div…
rt  repraskin  america is the bread basket of the world and the richest country that has ever existed  we must have it in our budget  value…
thank you to drew tulchin  vp of investments  and danika padilla  director of community development  for showing me…
thank you for inviting me to speak  always appreciate the opportunity 
rt  morenovalleyusd  we love our vets  especially on valentines day   repmarktakano gave our schools a special visit last week to collect o…
this week is national volunteer week2018  which serves as an excellent opportunity to recognize the importance of se…
rt  alliedprogress  in the 136 days  mickmulvaneyomb has been head of the  cfpb there have been zero enforcement acts started   are you t…
rt  housebudgetdems  even though it helps put food on the table for millions of people across the country  nutrition assistance   snap   is…
words are meaningless without action and courage to back it up   jeffsessions  with your track record of unequivoc…
no one side has all the answers all the time  i was proud to be named the most bipartisan freshman democrat in cong…
ramadan brings a familiar tiding to muslims domestic and abroad  and is a time of joyous celebration  peace  and u…
attending the 37th annual national peace officer s memorial service  where  bpdalerts officer craig lehner s sacrif…
rt  ndss  thank you  repraskin for all of your support for individuals with down syndrome 🎉🌟💥 we can t wait to continue to work with you to…
rt  tulsipress  mahalo  reptomsuozzi  the newest o f f act cosponsors  100% renewable energy will protect our people & our planet
 katimwilkins meant to say snap  autocorrect made it dna 
our diversity is one of our nation s greatest strengths  i am proud to celebrate asian pacific american heritage mo…
rt  officialcbc    ppact  sensanders c b c on healthcare
i had a great time at my minority small business assistance workshop which brought together minority business owner…
today  whitehouseaapi released the final guidance on  uscis filipino world war ii veterans parole  fwvp  policy  fil am vets 
hell no 
rt  caucusonclimate  11 lost lives  5 million barrels of spilled oil  catastrophic loss of wildlife and habitat  that was the result deepw…
today is my oma s 108th birthday  oma  you re inspiration to me and my girls  in her honor  i spoke on the house fl…
rt  govtrack  h r  3961 by  repdarrensoto passed the house yesterday  →senate   kissimmee river wild and scenic river study act of 2018 htt…
devastating news  police officer wilson gave his life protecting our city  my thoughts and prayers are with his family and friends 
we all mourn the tragic loss of the 9 members of the puerto rico air national guard  we honor their service and com…
rt  oversightdems  happening soon  everyone counts press conference on the 2020census
today  almost three months into the year  women s wages finally catch up to what men were paid in 2017  women worki…
it s critical that he does it  even independent of how it may impact people associated with the trump campaign  the…
rt  ruralco   repdarrensoto - proposed snapmatters cuts in categorical eligibility have biggest impact in my state of florida  fwafl
 sheilashowphl  phillycityrep  theheartofsport  famouspixs  phillyloveswhc  smallbizphilly  ninascim…
our work is not finished  i will continue working with partners from across our district as we rebuild our communit…
just spent part of a snowy wednesday morning meeting with members of the el paso chamber of commerce  great discuss…
rt  gkbutterfield  african americans account for 44% of all new hiv infections each year but comprise just 12% of the u s  population  this…
the president is trying to use money appropriated to the military to fund his misguided border wall  this isn t leg…
a mind to work   your mind is unique to you  
my oma recently turned 108—but she s not the only one who is celebrating a big birthday  read my latest blog post t…
this is a shocking report  which suggests that the administration strongly favored texas over puerto rico in its hu…
thousands of immigrants are losing their  daca  protections already via  voxdotcom
it s a great day to welcome the bright students from morehead montessori elementary to washington  dc today  the st…
illinois women are 2 5 times more likely to die from pregnancy or childbirth-related complications than the nationa…
this misguided action from the trump admin  does nothing to make our communities safer  despite the administration …
  speakerryan has always wanted to cut medicare and social security  now that he doesn t have to answer to his cons…
on average  women are paid just 80 cents for every  1 paid to male counterparts  for women of color  the wagegap i…
while congressional republicans are getting a sweet tooth  americans are bracing for higher health insurance premiu…
this is the first-ever allocation from housing trust fund  total of  174 mil to the states  dc  pr  & insular areas for affordablehousing
president trump is walking a fine line as soon as he begins to question or undermine special counsel mueller s inve…
i was proud to introduce the simon bill  because the opportunity to studyabroad better prepares our children to su…
it s national small business week  here s to indiana s more than 500 000 small businesses- the engines of america s…
the consequences of  potus s actions are clear  3 million  1 3%  more people are uninsured in 2017  after hitting h…
rt  sparkaction  thank you  repdwightevans and darrell rico doss  esq  for meeting with members of the reconnecting youth campaign and cont…
all students deserve protections under law  i am proud to be a cosponsor of  snda   which helps protect students fro…
today i joined  davidcicilline   repteddeutch & more than 150 fellow  housedemocrats in introducing the assault wea…
get a sneak peak of a peregrine falcon and its recently hatched chick on the  chisnps  keep an eye out for two more…
a study confirms what is common sense to most people  more guns in schools means more danger for students  accident…
great conversation with state and local leaders at  nhmedsociety about how we can support those on the front lines…
gun violence restraining orders work in ca  temporarily keeping guns out of the hands of individuals in crisis  in…
rt  thelbjschool  today  we re hosting the third-ranking member of the u s  house democratic leadership  rep  clyburn  learn more 
rt  twill876  nuff respect to will i am ✊🏾     it s only a minute but a no less powerful response to kanye s latest absence of thought  if s…
it is past time for congress to step up and pass gun reform legislation that will protect our students and all of o…
rt  senwarren    realdonaldtrump has sworn up and down that he won t support bad trade deals  he pulled out of the tpp after he was elected…
leading a bipartisan effort w/  repdonbeyer  repraulgrijalva & 104 house colleagues calling for more robust funding…
 scottwongdc  thehill   scottwong some of us still like reading an actual newspaper 
even the misleading memo by republicans demonstrates that the origin of this investigation involved papadopoulos no…
a mind to work  
this tax plan just keeps getting worse  keep calling  if you ve already called  please call again  202-224-3121
tonight  join us from 6 30-9 00pm for a temporary protected status  tps  information session  reps from u s  citize…
on yom hashoah  we remember the millions of jewish people who were murdered during the holocaust  we must honor the…
congrats to our  woodburylibnj on receiving  1 000 for the  revisit the founding era  project …
rt  repjerrynadler  proud to join my  housedemocrats colleagues today to introduce a legislative package that will give economic power back…
it s unacceptable that puerto rico is experiencing another island-wide blackout & that tens of thousands of people…
 they should understand it s one country   pallone said   this is the republicans and the president playing politic…
great to speak with some amazing young people at the  downeychamber s downey street faire  including assisteens fro…
rt  fscdems   release   ranking member  repmaxinewaters introduces legislation to make  fhagov mortgages more affordable read 
 rgv   join me &  votolatino during  hhma  to show the power of our vote  register to vote 
rt  whiphoyer    realdonaldtrump & congressional republicans said their g o p tax scam wouldn t benefit the wealthy  but the numbers tell a di…
rt  willbredderman  i m  out of here  if donald trump wins  congressman  cbrangel tells  madinatoure
getting competent lawyers to represent you has been a challenge  but there must be someone who can explain to you w…
instead of just bragging  if trump wants to show his bravery how about standing up to the nra  or against his pal p…
a mind to work   via  npr  from psychedelics to alzheimer s  2016 was a good year for brain science
delighted to attend today s recycled rides event at dynasty auto body in paterson to honor u s  army staff sergean…
rt  energycommerce  polluting pruitt continues to dig himself into ethical holes  reports show he lived in a  50-a-day room linked to an en…
rt  transportdems  the trump administration says it will release an infrastructure plan in a few weeks  happy groundhog day 
this is yet another attack on tps  congress must step in where trump has failed  we must pass the  aspiretps  act ri…
the collapse of latest version of trumpcare is welcome news  we need bipartisan effort to repair  aca  and help people enroll come nov 1
rt  housedemocrats  the g o p tax scam continues to benefit those at the top with buybacks and mergers  while american workers are left behind…
it s may day2018 — an international celebration of workers  us workers are working harder than ever but have less a…
thank you  keithellison for bringing us together and your progressive vision 
thank you to my colleagues for getting the message out  83 democrats demand dream act be added to omnibus & that fu…
rt  wearemitu  the trump administration announced a new policy to separate children from parents who cross the us-mexico border 
i m about to speak about net neutrality at  oti  watch it here 
almost half of all military medical treatment will be canceled or postponed during trump shutdown which severely li…
the new correctional facility for women in concord is a long time in coming and will help women struggling with sub…
blessed to be back in brooklyn  worshipping at 35th annual church women united seven last words good friday service 🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾
the partisan gop tax plan was a huge missed opportunity to modernize our tax code and set us on a sustainable fisca…
on patriots day  we commemorate those who courageously defended the ideals on which our nation was founded  we also…
rt  edworkforcedems  📺 watch  ranking member  bobbyscott stand up for workers at today s joint select committee on the solvency of multiempl…
re-posted  at a  housecommerce hearing on facebook and its misuse of personal data  i brought questions submitted b…
rt  aflcio  many of the obstacles to organizing the south would still remain — segregation  racism  militarized police  fears of socialism…
congress must pass the paycheck fairness act to help give women in the workforce the tools they need to combat wage…
rt  officialcbc  breaking  the cbc and  housejuddems – led by  reprichmond and  repjerrynadler respectively – will introduce a censure res…
trump s proposed changes to the immigration court system is an insult to due process and the rule of law  quotas wi…
meeting with  presidentruvi and pm  netanyahu ahead of israel s 70th independence day 
great to see vt students leading on such an important issue  climate change is the challenge of our time  keep up t…
we are grateful for their service and sacrifice  and most importantly  we will stand for their rights  just as they have stood for ours 
i questioned father conroy s removal  and i m sure i join many now in celebrating his reinstatement  there was neve…
  toryburch glad to see you support time off to vote  it s important  which is why i introduced a bill 
• with a buck fifty a week you can t buy a gallon of milk  • with a buck fifty a week a working parent can t feed their fa…
speaker ryan fires house chaplain  is nothing sacred 
rt  browardpolitics  hotel ballroom fell completely silent  no murmuring  not forks clinking on plates  not a sound  as  repjoekennedy read…
i m introducing a bill with  sensanders to prohibit illegal marketing and distribution of opioids and empower prose…
rt  ddiamond  house democrats  led by  repjoekennedy  urge hhs to reject medicaid lifetime limits   unspeakably cruel  
i am proud to cosponsor the student non-discrimination act  to prohibit discrimination based on actual or perceived…
saddened by the news of barbara bush s passing  my deepest condolences are with the entire bush family during this difficult time 
happy opening day to the  goyardgoats  have a great season 
g o p budget gives tax cuts to the wealthy by raising taxes on the middle class & bankrupting medicare  medicaid  & public ed  unacceptable 
trump often demonstrates his lack of understanding of regional issues and still he won t attend the summit of the a…
rhode island joins the celebration of israel s 70th independence day  i m proud of our state s relationship with is…
orr yakobi has been unjustly detained by  icegov  this isn t how we should treat dreamers  i ve signed a letter urg…
president trump s party controls the house and the senate  it s up to them to end the trump shutdown 
get help with federal agencies at mobile office hours today thursday  april 12th  1 00-2 30pm  at mesa veterans reso…
rt  nancypelosi  from trumpcare to the trump shutdown   leadership  is the last word we would use to describe the last year of republican…
i asked labor sec acosta why bipartisan bills  like mine to create a tax credit to close the skills gap  weren t co…
rt  homelanddems  thread  new d h s voice office tells us  potus is fixated on stirring fear of immigrants while spreading myths about immigr…
it was good to join parliamentarians from around the world today at the  worldbank s 2018 global parliamentary conf…
my heart goes out to the loved ones of those who were killed and injured in sutherland springs  tx 
i hope this generation of americans  who has grown up witnessing and experiencing these tragedies  can be the one t…
 you can learn and grow from any experience  good or bad  that s what i am an overcomer means to me  -  alchemist26…
thank you  oregongovbrown for your leadership on addressing the opioid crisis and for sharing your insights with co…
equal pay is only part of the story  black women & latinas have to work even longer to reach their own equal pay day
thank you  repdinatitus for signing on to our d c statehood bill  over 80% of house democrats are now cosponsors  st…
i also secured other measures in  faa  bill  a provision to create spaces for pets to relieve themselves at airport…
rt  wsdot  good morning and happy may the fourth  please don t rely on the force or your lightsaber for your safety  if you re alert and wor…
after careful consideration and in light of the attention drawn by recent allegations made against me  i have notif…
i had a great time at the  world_ag_expo this year  discussing san joaquin valley agriculture w/  usda s…
rt  spfldmuseums  today  reprichardneal  s presents  idealism and influence  how jfk s legacy spans generations  at 2pm  join us for this f…
washington does not handle snow as well as chicago   but it sure is pretty  twill
additional must know facts about the trump shutdown  -it didn t have to happen -republicans had months to avert it…
the use of chemical weapons is abhorrent and against all humanity  it is important that strikes initiated were coor…
trump shutdown fact  during the shutdown  the va will cease reducing the backlog of veterans disability claims  how…
by dismantling those rules  our government declared that for-profit schools – including eitel s former employer – w…
this spirit day  let s continue to work to make our schools safe for everyone  equality for all
teachers are fed up with the education status quo in arizona  they re tired of watching corporations get tax cuts w…
in the erie-niagara region alone  over 100 bridges are categorized as  structurally deficient   timetobuild…
rt  repesty  you see 7 000 pairs of shoes to represent 7 000 children killed due to gun violence since sandy hook  i see 7 000 birthdays  h…
rt  sleining   repfilemonvela we appreciate that you took the time to listen and respond w/ empathy and compassion   e n d alz fundacure fi…
the state department is the key source of american strength  whatever happens  we must ensure that it is fully staf…
elected officials who do not fear accountability make voting easier  not harder 
yesterday  i was on the house floor to congratulate hillside s 5th and 6th grade all star basketball team for its w…
white house press sec  often misrepresents facts  or worse  to the american people  that s fair game  but ad homine…
rt  thereisnolimitf  breakingnews  the  breakthesilence  politicianofthe year award goes to  repjoecrowley  his leadership to end f g m inspi…
rt  officialcbc  join us on tuesday  may 8  2018 from 9 am - 5 pm est for c b c demands justice – a twitter town hall on community policing an…
there s an incredible amount of activism happening in tillamook county  and i appreciate all of you who took the ti…
  jaketapper   stephanieelam thanks for your attention to california s work to get illegal weapons off the street …
rt  repalgreen  thankful for the incredible men  women  boys  and girls who donate their time to help serve houstonians and make their than…
today  many of you will be celebrating earth day by planting a tree  helping to clean up a local park or a number o…
rt  chrismurphyct  rt if you agree - if a person can t pass a background check  they shouldn t be able to buy a gun 
rt  repcummings  it s time to send a clear message on the 2020 census that everyone counts  an undercount will hurt people in red states to…
rt  nycddc  we held a groundbreaking today with our partners for the reconstruction of the west tremont ave step street  which connects ced…
rt  transportdems  ranking member  reppeterdefazio on yesterday s clean water decision   wotus 
today is the 50th anniversary of the assassination of dr  martin luther king  jr  his pioneering work & legacy insp…
2/ bill larkin is one of the most honorable people i ve ever met  he s dedicated his entire adult life to the servi…
  speakerryan promised a fair and open congress when he took the gavel  i ve got news for him   housegop shutting o…
tell me something i don t know 
as dr  king used to say  you have to love the hell out of them  goodtrouble
loebsack authored amendment brings  3 6 million to iowa to update buses and bus facilities
rt  iowapca  thank you  congressman  daveloebsack  for meeting with iowa community health center representatives today to discuss health ce…
rt  julissaarce  one of the bills to be debated if the provision passes is the  usa act   i talked to  reppeteaguilar and  hurdonthehill ab…
congratulations to  senduckworth on the birth of her daughter  maile  via  suntimes
i m on talking about trump s sotu address with rip daniels right now  tune in 
earlier this week i met with folks at linden ponds in hingham  we had a great conversation about how the budget dea…
rt  sbapacificnw   small business are drivers of oregon economy  sba portland district had record lending the past few years   - congress…
also virtually unexplained  why republican leaders in congress won t allow a vote to prevent members of our communi…
in many cases  their songs have become a soundtrack of resistance & strength  a vehicle to empower & challenge the…
watch it here  sherman denounces dangerous republican tax bill on house floor
rt  repesty  you see 7 000 pairs of shoes to represent 7 000 children killed due to gun violence since sandy hook  i see 7 000 birthdays  h…
rt  housedemocrats  what moms need  quality  coordinated  woman-centered healthcare  what momsdontneed  continued attacks on the  aca    p… 
proud to stand up against gun violence with america s students on national walkout day  your leadership is inspiring…
 sullied18  waysmeanscmte department of labor  you should check it out  pay attention to the steady increase in ma…
on this yom ha shoah  let us take a moment to reflect on the millions lost in the holocaust  honor the heroism of th…
rt  nancypelosi  from trumpcare to the trump shutdown   leadership  is the last word we would use to describe the last year of republican…
•dismissed 12 of the 18 members of the board of scientific counselors •stayed silent when counties failed to meet n…
a quick glance at  epascottpruitt s priority checklist  ✅ first-class travel around the world on the taxpayers  di…
rt  hispaniccaucus  on this day  we celebrate the contributions and work of césar chávez  a patriot who spent his life shining a light on t…
rt  nyseandg  see a downed wire  call us at 800-572-1131 to report it  stay safe
this week s action steps 
rt  msactivist  thanks  lloyddoggetttx for supporting access to meds  earlier this year he spoke about this w/ msa…
i am deeply disappointed the conservation title remains the target for funding cuts  according to cbo  this farm bi…
az schools need more resources to prepare our kids for good-paying jobs & help our state grow  i worked across the…
president trump s refusal to address the chaos at va hq is unacceptable  with one phone call - or one tweet - he ca…
ai caucus founder delaney  eu action on  ai  should be a wake-up call
team laurel  who s with me 
rt  stephenfhayes  watch this  it s exactly what trump did at the iowa press conference after he mocked john mccain for being captured  he…
yet another tax day has come and gone  and  realdonaldtrump remains the only president in modern history not to rel…
the senate judiciary committee took a first step toward protecting mueller  but republican leaders need to stand on…
rt  nancypelosi  given that the president doesn t see a deal between democrats and the white house  we believe the best path forward is to…
nuevos solicitantes de  daca  - en este momento no se pude tomar ninguna acción  pero si en los próximos 90 días se…
breaking up families is not acceptable  abandoning family to come to america is a terrible way to bring new talen…
according to mick mulvaney  if you re a lobbyist  you get a bigger say in government  after receiving  63 000 for h…
my bill would provide federal funding to public community colleges that would enable them to design data-driven pro…
if the gop governor of a state with rural areas and plenty of hunting like vt can support comprehensive  commonsens…
fattah team / a moment in time pedals up on his bike / schuylkill river trail for bicyclists  hikers via  thestreet
a federal judge has ordered the administration will have to continue to review new  daca  applications  offering the…
rt  chazfelder  if you haven t voted for capuano yet  you still have 3 hours   get out there and help make mike our next senator  masen
this weekend i spoke to the dr  martin luther king  jr  committee in anne arundel county  a great way to honor dr …
more than half of  usa  lives in a state with legal cannabis  to protect these americans   repmattgaetz…
rt  martinomalley  trump s repeal of net neutrality - good for monopolies  bad for consumers and small businesses  the internet should be o…
i honored memorial day by remembering our fallen & calling for action on h r  3870  the atomic veterans healthcare parity act  atomic vets
using russian jews and other minority groups as scapegoats is a disturbing tactic that echoes anti-semitic propagan…
i had a great time visiting with young artists at the congressional art competition reception  i continue to be imp…
it was an honor to attend the  nellisafb quarterly awards reception and congratulate all the honorees  i also had t…
when i look at what happened in my own office  and despite the mistakes i made in handling this particular situatio…
proud to support bipartisan passage of music modernization act 1st update to the law in 20years brings music licen…
i am encouraged by  nycmayor proposal to open overdose prevention centers throughout  nyc  including…
if your daca status expired after  realdonaldtrump decided to end the program last year  you can still submit a ren…
rt  afreedma  rep tonko  ny  to  epascottpruitt    you have failed as a steward of taxpayer dollars and of the environment   also   you wer…
coolest part of today was hearing a 7th grader tell me  emma4change is her hero  a new generation of leaders is eme…
 and i am sure that one day the united states will come back and join the paris climate agreement  
rt  repdankildee  four years later  flint families are still recovering from the water crisis and having to use filters & bottled water  in…
my legislation  the next generation 9-1-1 act  supports those who keep our communities safe by providing federal fu…
 scotus  deadlock on  daca  &  dapa  is devastating setback for immigrant families  but battle is far from over  sí se puede fight for families
rt  hispaniccaucus  trump s anti-immigrant policies are hurting small businesses across the country that can t find americans willing to do…
republican tax scam is a fraud designed to unjustly benefit millionaires/billionaires at the expense of everyone el…
rt  capac  it is an honor to have former  capac chair mike honda  current chair  repjudychu  and  maziehirono with us to unveil asian and p…
honored to help throw out the first pitch at opening day for bayside little league  i wish all the players and coa…
rt  nancypelosi  ebola has re-emerged in central africa  posing a threat to countless innocent men  women & children  meanwhile   housegop…
just as wealth compounds  so can the effects of poverty  robust social safety programs can help prevent joblessness…
the scourge of opioid abuse and addiction is widespread throughout the nation and knows no race  gender  or economi…
no one is above the law  mueller must be able to continue his investigation without fear of obstruction or retribu…
rt  cbwgcaucus  congrats are in order for cdt simone askew - the 1st black woman to serve as first captain of the corps  black girl magic  b… 
 afsp_ga looking forward to having  afsp_ga join us again 
icymi   stephanie murphy praises decision to allow gun violence research  via  stevelemongello  orlandosentinel…
sikhs have been an integral part of america s fabric for 125  years we join our sikh american neighbors and friends…
rt  missingkids  child sex trafficking affects both girls and boys  no gender  community or race is immune from this terrible crime  report…
this family from jackson co  remind me why we are fighting to protect access to affordable  quality health care 
we will neverforget those we lost on september11th  or the first responders who rushed to save so many more 
we can not and we must not tolerate right-wing white supremacist terrorism  not now  not ever 
many thanks to  niagarauniv student kevin mcdonnell  a fantastic intern who worked in both our niagara falls and bu…
rt  vetaffairsdems   freed from the constraints of serving in the trump administration  shulkin is publicly — and loudly — raising red flag…
unfortunately  the current plan double taxes families in my district  raises taxes on 38 million middle class famil…
if you want to learn more about paul ryan  read this  rt  nytimeskrugman an unserious man
rt  judgeclayj  with  repebj  missamericatx and my friend gen  albert zapanta  usmexchamberca  cityofdallas veterans day
did you know dynacraft wheels is the largest private distributor of bicycles  scooters  and ride-ons in our country…
check out this week s action steps including an action today 
more than 200 000 youth enter the foster care system every year  this may  national foster care month recognizes fo…
rt  nbclatino    repdarrensoto   this is just one of many military families who now find themselves at risk of deportation and being torn a…
there is still time to renew  daca  if you re an eligible d r e a mer  check out to learn more …
playing tonight at the  laharborfilm festival  hbo s documentary  15  a quinceañera story  see you there 
rt  aishabraveboy   anthonybrownmd4 thanks for holding an important conversation on the aca 
my reelection campaign is already underway  and you can join as a supporter or request a yard sign at…
the 1st step toward equity for women and girls is empowerment through education  thank you  kdwells66 and  kakenyan…
trump just put the lives of more than 57 000 hondurans at risk by forcing them back to unimaginable violence and ha…
between longer lifespans  rising healthcare costs  and changes to employee benefits  americans today need more than…
rt  jimlangevin  trumpcare ends protections for preexisting conditions  millions would lose coverage  americans deserve better  protect ou…
over a 40-year career  the avg woman loses  418k to the wage gap  but many groups of women lose so much more  we ne…
last week  trump admin continued the harmful sabotage of the aca by ending cost-sharing subsidies  fight to protect our care continues 
please send your thoughts and prayers to an american hero today  senator john mccain  wishing him a speedy recovery 
instead of taking meals away from working families who ve hit hard times  maybe we should be focused on lifting wag…
one of the great performers who crossed from country to rock  will forever love his rendition of wichita lineman
americans want action to end gun violence  in fact  97% of gun owners want to see congress require background checks…
rt  vicasfvalley  packed room for our annual congressional luncheon with  bradsherman  repcardenas  reppeteaguilar  repjimmygomez - thanks…
big news  proud to announce that congress passed my request to fix  fire-borrowing  in this year s appropriations p…
great but consider some living african-americans who need commutations from harsh drug convictions health insuranc…
i am honored to recognize keba konte  a renowned artist and owner of  redbaycoffee  keba s commitment to create a s…
tomorrow  the  sb_police department and  sbcoalition will host a gun buyback at the earl warren showgrounds from 8a…
to all our law enforcement officers in nh and across our country  thank you for working tirelessly every day to kee…
rt  repchriswelch  attention last minute tax filers  saturday  april 7  2018 is your last chance to get your taxes done for free by the ce…
rt chrismatth it was amazing to finally connect those two lines to make cap the dem nominee for senate  make us proud tonight  mike  m a sen
rt  avacon  voted cap  experienced & i support many of his stances  as my congressman  he s had excellent constituent communication  masen
when rose ann vuich became the first woman senator ever elected to the ca legislature  there wasn t even a woman s…
join me for a facebook live discussion on water infrastructure  clean water  and environmental justice  watch here…
i offer my deepest sympathies to the families and friends of every officer who lost their life in the line of duty …
got to visit with some motivated nutmeggers at forward operating base lightning in paktia  afghanistan  we are the…
expand deductions that help americans keep their health care costs under control 
rt  edworkforcedems  since the passage of the  aca   over 20 million americans have been able to access quality  affordable healthcare cove…
it was a pleasure to welcome  csea_now members to my washington office this week  we discussed the need for congres…
it s a step forward in talking about figuring out which laws & policies actually work in keeping our children safe …
corporate g o p tax scam is fueling income inequality as corporations reinvest profits back in themselves  not on perm…
i ve called on  potus to declare the opioidepidemic a national emergency and provide full funding for treatment an…
want to understand what the trump shutdown means for american families  here s some info on what the last gop shutd…
our central coast s 53 health centers help make preventive care more accessible for all  find one near you   nhcw16 
congress has yet to act  but that won t stop the  countyofla from doing everything we can at the local level to pro…
my team & i work every day to be bridge for the central coast to the federal government & its resources  we break t…
tomorrow marks 8 years since the affordable care act became law  since then  more than 70 000 rhode island have got…
 realdonaldtrump the first year of  realdonaldtrump s administration has also undermined scientific integrity  thre…
rt  marinbozic  thank you rep  collinpeterson for visiting the mpp-dairy workshop in freeport  mn & encouraging producers to sign up 
delighted to see that kansas city s full employment council inc  was selected for a  200 000  epa grant  the money…
soon   housedemocrats  weekly press conference at 10 15 am et  👇
great strides were made to strengthen military families at the congressional military family caucus summit yesterda…
the steele dossier speaks of  leakers  but they weren t comey  liar  trump is in guinness book for liars
dr  king s life was cut short as he fought for the dreams he had for our nation  he would be devastated that racial…
this is exactly the right move  the american people deserve answers from facebook about how their private data is b…
some very important points raised by victoria lipnic  acting chair of  useeoc  sexual harassment is a persistent pr…
trump abdicated the u s  leadership role on combating climate change when he foolishly withdrew from the paris agre…
like all the men and women who wear the badge in california  i took an oath to uphold the law  that means all of t…
my staff is holding office hours tomorrow  11/1  stop by the indianapolis public library wayne branch from 5-7pm to…
these students from king middle school in berkeley visited the nation s capital this week to engage with our democr…
last night i joined  craigmelvin on  msnbc to talk a potential govt shutdown  watch our conversation here ---&gt 
yesterday  we heard from people from across the north coast who are concerned about the grave impact offshore oil d…
rt  joycejohnsonr   drdenagrayson  alangrayson i m not from florida but i followed  alangrayson vote for grayson florida we need people lik…
thank you to the u  s  senate for unanimously agreeing to allow  senduckworth – and all future senate parents – to…
i want to hear from you  please take this quick survey  letting me know what you think congress should act on in t…
no child should live in fear  thanks to  darrell_clarke   jerrytjordan   pftlocal3 &  aftunion for joining me in st…
it doesn t take a stable genius to determine why trump ended  daca   racial slurs and xenophobic remarks have no pla…
signed this letter to speaker ryan that stated we will not be complicit in any effort to undermine access to afford…
this week s action steps 
many thanks to all who attended last night s town hall  i look forward to our next one in june 
as co-chair of the maker caucus  the potential and application of 3-d printing never fails to amaze me - paving the…
rt  reptimwalz  i didn t serve 24 years in the uniform of this country to be called treasonous for simply disagreeing with your disastrous…
make no mistake  trump s pardon of scooter libby is simply a preview of what he s prepared to do to save his friend…
rt  evergladesnps  everglades national park is 70 years old today  thank you to our millions of visitors and friends  we hope millions more…
today i sat down with  repblumenauer   repschrader and  repbonamici to discuss the g o p tax scam and the negative imp…
icymi  rep  cicilline laid out the case for congress to protect americans  privacy on facebook in  wired
i join workers in the united states and around the world celebrating may day by demanding better working conditions…
discharge petitions are a way we can force the house to bring a bill to the floor for consideration against the speaker s wishes   2/3 
yeah  but you re just a former ambassador and leading expert on foreign policy and national security  remember …
if true  reducing refugee admissions to 50k would be shameful and contrary to american values
in the richest nation on earth  all people should be fed  we have a moral obligation to combat hunger  and programs…
 rep  ted deutch  a florida democrat whose district encompasses the high school  initiated the statement  joining d…
9a  young people have so much at stake  to protect our children and future generations  we need to act on climate no…
exposed by parkland— marcorubio s pending bill to wipe out dc s gun safety laws  including its assault weapons ban…
i am proud and excited to have been a part of the hestec initiative from day one  and it was an honor to help   
proud to earn 100% on food policy action s 2017 scorecard by supporting good food policies for families  vote food
had a great tour of troopster with founder chelsea mandello  congrats to ms  mandello on receiving the veterans bus…
on the floor arguing for the rule of law  it is time to pass legislation designed to protect the special counsel s…
mick mulvaney  a top trump official  revealed what it takes to get into a room with him--     money  more than an…
today  we remember the trans lives we lost  i stand with the trans community and condemn hatred and discriminatio…
i commend these students for transforming tragedy into action  they are standing up saying enoughis enough  we shou…
66% of american millennials have zero saved for retirement   flm2018  stat of the day
  officialcbc  i ve supported robust funding for the community oriented policing services  cops  program because it…
louise represented her constituents with determination and strength  as the first and only female chair of the hous…
this workers memorial day  i thank all  steelworkers and manufacturing companies for rededicating themselves to prio…
we cannot stand idly by as our reckless president chooses to wage war in our name  without the consent of congress …
ty honorary consul general john gokcen for inviting me to celebrate the 91st anniv  of the rep  of turkey  tacawa
as i told  tvandenbrook - the american people have a right to know when senior officers exhibit ethical lapses or c…
if anyone s curious about how much american national security costs  it s  500 million  the zte lifeline is only ab…
rt  repbarbaralee  the house chaplain led congress in prayer for a tax bill that showed compassion for the poor  in response  speaker ryan…
this arbor day  here s a  fbf  photo of me watering the red oak the  uscapitol planted two years ago in honor of my…
this morning  i joined trade associations and members of the business community to participate in a roundtable disc…
rt  repdonbeyer  our bipartisan bill might have stopped the parkland shooting   repcarbajal   repesty and i write about the gun violence r…
expanding job opportunities for veterans is a smart move that will boost our local economy while helping out the m…
rt  ourocean  thank you  nitalowey and  repjoseserrano for saying  no way  to funding cuts to  noaa and instead investing in the ocean we a…
he needs to be held accountable for wasting taxpayer funds on luxury and paranoid privacy measures 
boom  the valley s finest   giancarlo818 
 do or do not  there is no try   - yoda
rt  repbeatty  today is a powerful reminder that when women succeed  the world succeeds  international womens day
as we celebrated small business week  i was honored to celebrate the  3 2 million investment in local businesses in…
good luck tonight  goldenknights  just when this city needed a win  you raised our spirits  you ve shown the world…
merry christmas from the cooper family to you and yours  wishing all a peaceful and joyful holiday season 
thankfully   unm student mostafa peysokhan is working on a device that will save the lives of marine animals and re…
last month  eximbankus financed  551 380 in exports from ca-52  this investment helps san diego business grow and c…
  senatorreid  know that you are in good hands at  hopkinsmedicine  glad to hear surgery was successful & praying for your speedy recovery 
rt  repjudychu  trump is ready to veto farm bill unless stricter work requirements are added to snap  food stamps   but &gt 80% of recipients…
 i look forward to joining my colleagues in providing dr  staley and the pmi with ample funding and support  so tha…
may day is also a perfect opportunity to celebrate and pledge our support to labor unions  without which we would n…
rt  sbgc2c    repfilemonvela on  realdonaldtrump s  ridiculous  border wall funding request   i don t think that s ever going to happen   k…
rt  scicmtedems  read  ranking member  repebj opening statement for glyphosate assessments hearing
the nunes memo is an intentionally misleading document that was declassified and published in an attempt to misrepr…
rt  donaldnorcross   reprehensible    anti-jersey schmuck  &  chutzpah doesn t even begin to cover it —i think we appropriately summed up h…
icymi  last week i visited  vamanchester to inspect construction & hear directly from leadership about improvements…
please see my statement on the impeachment vote 
it s a new year at the rules cmte  but  housegop are up to the same old procedural ploys  last night  i opened our…
the recent decision by the trump admin to force these families to return to countries that are still dangerous acc…
i guess this is a pretty small investment for billions in tax savings  is the swamp drained yet 
rt  johndingell  victory  go blue final four
rt  montwoodhs  mhs welcomes congressman  repbetoorourke glad to host your town hall meeting  socorroisd team s i s d
187 000 students have experienced a school shooting since columbine  this is a uniquely american tragedy  and its o…
rt  dwightevanspa  enjoyed my time with  aldianews yesterday talking about food insecurity  criminal justice reform and job creation for th…
did you hear the news  two musicians with  roc  connections took home a grammy during last night s award show 
thank you  repsinema 
i will donate any congressional pay i receive during this shutdown to a local charity  i don t think it s right for…
the g o p tax scam was not written for middle-class workers  in our state of illinois the top 5% of earners get 64% of…
first of all  the president s lawyer wants an investigation into an attack on our country to end    why  secondly …
😄hey tampa bay 👉 i hope you are watching this awesome comeback by our hometown tampa bay rays  raysbaseball wow  opening day  mlb ⚾️
thank you  repeliotengel  hfacdemocrats for supporting today s semana dominicana dominican week bringing small busi…
the tragic loss of life this week on the east river was completely avoidable  as a result   repdonaldpayne joined m…
mahalo to oahu vet s center for today s tribute  i salute all of our vietnam war veterans 
rt  housedemocrats   we are bombarded with one false choice after another  coal miners or single moms  rural communities or inner cities  t…
 [d]emocracy is not just about politics  it s about the individual s daily struggle to be better and nobler and to…
happy new year to all  reminder that open enrollment for health coverage in 2018 continues until january 31 …
i would like to congratulate my district press secretary  rafael benavides  who will be moving on to work for the c…
rt  gerardaraud  you want to kill the iran deal  whatever the reason  whatever the means  tell us what you ll advise us to do if iran then…
more women are serving our nation in uniform than ever before  so it s critical that the va is prepared to meet the…
i will continue to fight for the insurance you paid for with every paycheck  social security  against the republica…
another unconscionable attack on immigrants  trump is reportedly ending tps for hondurans and will try to kick out…
the wrong choice act is an irresponsible bill that would dismantle consumer protections & eliminate transparency
this week we ve enjoyed a great number of visits from  ga13  constituents  including members of the vfw  aipac & you…
rt  pcoschallenge    pcoschallenge worked with  repdavidscott and 37 other leaders in the u s  house of representatives to introduce h res8…
i am proud that my daughters go to the same public schools on the central coast of california that i attended when…
rt  repdavideprice  joined by my colleagues this morning  i told reporters that  by pulling out of the iran deal  president trump has unila…
rt  caucusonclimate  11 lost lives  5 million barrels of spilled oil  catastrophic loss of wildlife and habitat  that was the result deepw…
reminder for  realdonaldtrump  congress alone holds the power to authorize war 
i joined local mayors and other elected leaders from our communities at lake county municipal league  looking forwa…
congratulations to all of the lobos graduating today  u n m grad18
 lessig  nycmayor great video made by nashville students on why they need to register  vote and be heard 
californians – did you know that there is still time for you to enroll in a health insurance plan for 2018  open en…
i will oppose s  2155 when it comes to the house  it s been touted as a community bank bill  it s not  it will 1  m…
come join us tomorrow    
rt  waysmeanscmte  ranking member  reprichardneal   in order to shower benefits on the well-off and well-connected  president trump and c…
 catmcewen  tblightning thanks  catmcewen saving these 
open enrollment starts tomorrow & new yorkers have until january 31st to get covered  find the plan that s right fo…
in nv  opioid overdoses are a leading cause of drug-related deaths  i m urging house appropriators to help equip la…
rt  whiphoyer  i heard time and time again today that investing in infrastructure is good for business  local community leaders called on t…
  repbradwenstrup said he ll launch a new attack on dc s death with dignity act  we ve defeated prior repeal attemp…
rt  capac  patsy mink was the first woman of color elected to congress  she co-authored the landmark title i x  revolutionizing gender equal…
1/2 - today in 1862  the mexican army won an unlikely victory at the battle of puebla in the franco-mexican war  no…
thank you  randikayecnn &  hlntv for your report on the dog meat trade in the usa   watch it here …
looking forward to joining dc students and local leaders tomorrow at rallyfor d c lives to fight  marcorubio bill to…
there is a reason we progressives fight for our values  it isn t always our future we are protecting …
today  his excellency  geronimo_gf hosted breakfast for our laredo delegation in their annual legislative visit to…
if you re sick and want to buy insurance to help pay for your care  senate trumpcare makes you wait six months 
this is discrimination  trump and republicans continue to suppress minorities and communities of color across the c…
rt  congressmanraja  yesterday  rep   herrerabeutler and i introduced the bipartisan ending maternal mortality act to halve rates of matern…
 lcvoters thank you for standing up and fighting with us 
rt  madeleine  it has been too long since a president delivered a speech in washington about the need to defend democracy and support inter…
rt  repjudychu  with millions of families seeing a tax hike and 83% of all benefits going to the top 1 percent  its clear the g o p tax scam i…
i wish to congratulate the university of texas rio grande valley for being awarded a crucial grant of nearly   
  secretaryzinke spent his first year  interior finding new ways to sell off public lands to the highest bidder…
today i held an annual legislative update to discuss ways to help generate the economy including increasing trade a…
the census determines how federal funds are allocated  the trump administration s attempt to suppress participatio…
rt  repraskin  all of maryland is with the great mills high school community as we hope and pray for the best in the face of another appare…
the planned coverage area includes all communities west of military trail  for more info   contact the aerial spray hotline at 561-642-8775 
today  muscogee co  school district held a ribbon cutting for the new  rmartsschool  i am excited to watch the futu…
i had an excellent and productive visit to oxford college of emory university today  great meeting with dean doug h…
rt  repcohen  john mc cain is infinitely a better person that donald trump even claims he is 
the g o p tax scam spikes the deficit  meaning republicans are going to have to cut social security and medicare  it s…
happy mother s day to all the mothers in  ct01   thank you for what you do each and every day 
 aissatatinl  thereisnolimitf thank you for stopping by  assaita  honored to work with you and  thereisnolimitf to end f g m 
today  the house unanimously passed my amendment to the faa reauthorization act to ensure congress understands the…
37 million more reasons for congress to take action to demand tech companies respect the privacy of americans 
we are now halfway through this extraordinary hestec week  i applaud utrgv  the ut system  and our keynote   
these past few weeks have further proven this president is incapable of effectively uniting and leading our nation  5/5
americans deserve a congress working to end gun violence and keep our families safe   housegop  rulesreps once again…
on nov 8  1960  massachusetts sen  john f  kennedy defeated vice president richard m  nixon in the presidential election  your voice
check out some amazing t-shirt designs from local artists at  111media1  my favorite is their sopapilla one …
we are in the midst of a lead poisoning crisis   5 300 water systems violate us lead regulations  when it comes to…
tax cuts don t pay for themselves  so how does the gop plan to pay for the g o p tax scam  it s elementary  by cutting…
celebrating oregon s birthday with these bike-friendly cookies baked by one of our star interns 
 devinnunes  the 🦊  guards the henhouse aka the  whitehouse
the president s disparaging comments about community colleges are disappointing  as a proud graduate of  lanetitans…
i m meeting with the bellingham students for action to discuss gun violence prevention  as co-chair of the school s…
  americanair you sent this to the wrong guy  atcprivatization is 👎🏻 for passengers  🤦🏻‍♂️ dontprivatizeourskies
wishing all of the students and parents taking part in today s 4th annual sela schools la river clean-up a very suc…
unauthorized border crossings are still extremely low by historical terms  and many border crossers are legally tur…
joined  repmikequigley  reptomemmer &  reperikpaulsen for some ice time with the  usawarriors  thanks for going ea…
thank you   pplosangeles for meeting with me and for all of the work you do to protect women s health  i m proud to…
i dropped by annie s list s to visit re ways to serve  great to run into former intern sonia woiton who now interns…
separating children from their parents is cruel  it is inhumane  and it is not in keeping with the moral values of…
i totally agree  a new study shows that florida is predicted to lose  100 billion due to climate change—not to ment…
 until i see an ironclad statement  on paper  in law  that this is not gonna happen  i m not going to trust it   pa…
  realdonaldtrump if you like daca recipients so much  rescind your daca order  d r e a m act now
apd officer ryan holets is a hero  new mexico is proud to have him   sotu 
trump is still president disappoint me in4 words
house  gop  farm bill pushes 46 million low-income and disabled americans toward hunger and malnutrition  destruct…
congratulations to the honorees at tonight s  westchesterjc spring gala 
rt  repbarbaralee  the people of flint – a predominantly black & low-income community – were poisoned by government negligence  congress mu…
the release of comey memos are further proof of  realdonaldtrump s contempt for the rule of law  his attempts to i…
today 114 of my colleagues & i sent gen mattis a letter requesting info on what led to trump s shameful trans ban-&gt https //t co/f zh ev v5a uo
4th of july  celebrate the father of america  george washington s  usnavy legacy -  aircraftcarrier  gw_cvn73
congratulations to  senduckworth and family on welcoming maile pearl  can t wait wait to meet her 
standing with my colleagues to oppose the trump administration s plan to undermine the 2020 census and spread fear…
rt  estradareport  happy to kick off the session on digitalization of energy infrastructure  chci energy summit  newseum diversityin techn…
rt  heardonthehill    gkbutterfield  best name in congress 
look who we found on the capitol steps  great having a chance to meet with this amazing group of fellows from the…
just going to leave this right here ⬇️
new poll shows majority of americans haven t seen a boost in their paycheck as a result of the g o p tax scam & that o…
icymi  tax reform must address income inequality and benefit the working class 
the trump-pence global gag rule is an ideological crusade that denies lifesaving care to women around the world  the…
surprising no one  scott pruitt s irresponsible and wasteful spending at the  epa violated federal law  another day…
when he arrived in seattle  he witnessed systematic injustices such as discrimination  redlining  high unemployment…
we must do all that we can to defend american steelworkers and stop the illegal trading practices of china 
thank you  redcross for the opportunity to participate in the holiday mail for heroes event this week  wishing happ…
despite many recent attacks on the lgbt community  today is a reminder to always live with pride  happy to celebrate coming out day  ncod🏳️‍🌈 
religious freedom is vital  but one s beliefs cannot be used as license to discriminate against others – especially…
i m proud to join my colleagues in voting to pass the disaster recovery reform act today  with overwhelming support…
i applaud our young people for their drive to effect positive change in our communities  be the voice never again…
i voted no on the house continuing resolution because it provides inadequate resources for veterans  community heal…
thank you  secretarysonny for bringing stakeholders together to start the conversation  i look forward to working w…
rt  chadpergram  dem ca rep garamendi says trump using the  01 aumf to bomb syria  basically means that whatever he wants to do  wherever h…
it was great meeting with the  nacd_rd and lintech international  llc  located in macon  georgia  to discuss the re…
 mcgrailvineyard i will miss jim dearly 
i ve introduced the buffett rule in the house  no secretary should pay a higher tax rate than her boss 
sending a huge thank you to my good friend  rokhanna for his generous donation and strong endorsement for my reelec…
rt  oversightdems  just in  top house judiciary & oversight dems renew call for white house- doj communications on time warner merger
the cowardly attack on those striving for democracy & stability in libya reminds us of the continuing threat posed…
so encouraged by students across northern ohio for making their voices heard and saying never again  rt to show s…
as a member of the house armed services committee  a former military spouse  and an advocate for our troops and the…
i spoke personally with chairman gowdy this morning about the document requests the committee is sending to the whi…
equal pay day is when women working full time have their salaries catch up to men s from the year prior  black women…
fact   epascottpruitt is currently under seven separate investigations  he needs to be held accountable for his fai…
i ll be on  msnbc at 8 45am et  snag some coffee and tune in 
rt  witnesses_natl  members of  witnesses_nh featured on wtnh for speaking out against proposed budget cuts to  snap  with  rosadelauro    s… 
this earth day  let s recommit to protecting our planet  cleanair  cleanwater  and ouroceans  for future generat…
as a psychologist myself  i m so proud of receiving this award  we need to not only improve access to care by defen…
over the past several years  my colleagues and i have stood on the steps of the capitol to call for legislation to…
this morning  i attended a subcommittee on railroads & pipelines hearing on the continuing process of installing po…
 creighton looks great 
rt  eileenwbfo  students searching for solutions to gun violence   wearesfa  repbrianhiggins
a4  epa s budget is already at its lowest levels in decades while its responsibilities have increased significantly…
state of delaware offices in new castle county are closed wednesday  march 21  2018 from 8 00 a m  to 11 59 p m  es…
as the people of puerto rico rebuild from hurricane maria  this latest island-wide blackout only puts them in furth…
today i introduced the parade act b/c i m tired of  potus treating the military and veterans as his political prop …
more money for major corporations means more stock buybacks  not significant job and wage growth as promised by the…
sad to hear about another bronx fire this morning-thankful for the  fdny s continuing efforts to control the fire &…
the g o p tax scam will cause americans  health insurance premiums to skyrocket  tax day
rt  markhertling  while many in the us are focused on stormy  michael  and the daily crazies  russia continues as an existential threat to…
both bills now await a vote on the house floor  my full statement 
less than a week left to get covered  find a plan that works for you and your family at
and when  potus says   we certainly wish him well  and  he says he s innocent   what about porter  s ex-wives and…
rt  appropsdems    nitalowey statement on omnibus appropriations act   i am pleased this omnibus invests robustly in critical priorities li…
 republicans said their tax bill would go to workers  instead  it s going to wall street  
make sure to tune in 
the rule of law is the bedrock foundation of america  what say you  housegop 
scam warning  we re nearing the peak of tax season  and criminals often take advantage of this time to impersonate…
democrats have advocated for increased investment in our transportation systems  we need to bring our infrastructure into 21st century  1/
telephone town hall alert  on monday  february 5th and tuesday  february 6th i ll be holding telephone town hall me…
don t forget to come chat with me on saturday at mariner high school in everett  i ll be hosting a panel discussion…
para todas las personas que necesitan evacuar por la tormenta que se aproxima  un centro de evacuación está abierto…
to stand with the millions of americans marching across the country this weekend  i m changing my profile picture a…
in the  kcbsradio studio with jeff and patti talking about russia and the chaos in the white house 
for far too long  the residents of queens and the bronx have endured the deafening roar of airplanes  congress re…
rt  ecofuelnwf  thank you  peterwelch and  senatortomudall for introducing the g r e e n e r fuels act  today we meeting with legislators asking…
rt  mattfwood    repmaxinewaters explains the comprehensive nature of current administration s f c c war on poor at today s voices briefing  th…
rt  getuscovered  tomorrow is the last day to get covered in california for coverage starting january 1  sign up now at
the rest of the gop has started taking trump s  attack the media  strategy literally  apparently  completely   
  fareedzakaria - watched your show this morning  don t forget africa  cell phone use and mobile payments are a sto…
project register t n is as uncontroversial as puppies and rainbows — easy  free and nonpartisan  simply register to v…
rt  respanews   repgregorymeeks with the most personal words for  cfpbdirector yet  saying that in his career  mulvaney has never been pro-…
moms dont need excessive child care costs  i support child care for working families act  which improves access to q…
rt  repjoecrowley  mark my words  republicans will try to use today s cbo report as an excuse to gut social security and medicare  but we w…
rt  dispatchalerts  photos  on the 75th anniversary of the start of the warsaw ghetto uprising  we searched the dispatch archives for photo…
i m glad the city council has taken the first step toward protecting the people of newburgh and saving these firefi…
the constitution is clear - it is congress  not the president  who decides whether or not our nation goes to war  s…
rt  bluecollardems  the president s long-awaited infrastructure plan is all smoke and mirrors  another broken promise and missed opportunit…
my district staff wore denim in honor of this year s denim day  special thanks to the  rapecrisisctrlv for helping…
a joyous may day parade in minneapolis  workers  immigration reform advocates and activists leading the way for a m…
one such  aapi  veteran that i ve worked w/since my state house days is 1st lt  john kauhaihao who made the ultimate sacrifice in vietnam 
getting ready to listen to  emmanuelmacron address a joint session of congress 
a mind to work  
rt  cnntonight    donlemon in conversation with  officialcbc members   do you think this president has shown himself to be racist   reprob…
the trump budget both undermines protections for the middle class and openly attacks the elderly and vulnerable
targeting trans troops is immoral  and undermines our military  trans service members & recruits should be judged o…
facebook ceo mark zuckerberg recently testified before congress regarding his company s data-privacy scandal  i wa…
rt  cuna  congratulations  jamie_raskin  brownformd on your victory  thank you for being a supporter of md creditunions 
the fight to protect americans from gun violence doesn t stop at the door to leave school  for too many americans …
i voted against this awful tax bill in the house  now it heads to the senate  for the gop  well-heeled campaign-fun…
rt  housejuddems   breaking   ranking member  repjerrynadler s statement on  fbi executing search warrant for president  realdonaldtrump s l…
rt  housedemocrats  republicans let funding for the children s health insurance program expire 100 days ago  democrats stand ready to fun…
on earth day  we recommit to conserving our planet and its beautiful lands and natural resources  i commend everyon…
grateful to be home in honolulu  hope everyone is having a wonderful weekend 
congratulations  chiefwillard on being nominated as the next us marshall  you ve done a great job in manchester  th…
 we want to be safe  but we don t want to live in a police state   says student brandon dasent amos  enough 
in new jersey  our taxes are simply too high  i m doing everything i can to ensure that the new law -- that we int…
in meriden this morning with  kmscarpati visiting the former meriden-wallingford hospital property to check out br…
the g o p tax scam was not written for middle-class workers  in rhode island  the top 5% of earners get 59% of tax bre…
i am honored that dr  monica regabulto  assistant secretary of energy in the office of environmental management    
the equal rights amendment is an opportunity for us to lay out clearly in the de constitution the importance of equ…
happy easter 
i m proud to fight every day in congress for our families  our community  and our future  learn more about the issu…
rt  repbobbyrush  clean drinking water should be a basic human right  period  dont forget flint
my op-ed in  techcrunch  it s time for washington to start working on artificial intelligence a i caucus
rt  teampelosi   they are stealing our jobs   he said during his campaign  now  trump is risking tens of thousands of american jobs simply…
powerful ad by ny congressional candidate  patryanny19 on sensible gun safety laws  must watch 
uplifting conversations on the great potential of southern minnesota and the amazing folks and places that make…
i am disappointed in today s vote in the delaware senate to defeat the equal rights amendment  this legislation is…
here s your headline  g o p farm bill cuts  23 billion from  snap  food assistance   snap  supports 1 in 10 americans …
education & workforce comm is considering the reauthorization of the higher ed act  i ll continue fighting for stud…
today  we celebrated the long-awaited opening of cypress hills senior residences  pleased to have helped secure fed…
 youtube one of the world s leading thought leaders on brain science/ health
on friday  i recognized joel weber and monty lopez for their appointment to the u s  air force academy and military…
rt joshualdawson  voted for  capuano4senate - his vote against iraq war showed courage when many elected officials bowed to public opinion 
there are actions we can take right now to help puerto rico  ✓ provide additional emergency funding to help rebui…
open enrollment is much shorter this year  we only have from november 1st to december 15th to get covered  visit…
since 2003  new mexico has received 25 grants through this program that have helped underserved communities includi…
rt  cafoodbanks    repzoelofgren thank you for being a champion to protect s n a p   2ndharvest
  dukeu students - come hear my former gop colleague  daviddreierusa and i discuss the state of bipartisanship in c…
my heartfelt thanks to the mcallen chamber commerce and the city of mcallen for hosting a luncheon honoring my 20   
from the farm bill negotiations to building water infrastructure that can adapt to droughts & the threats of climat…
april 21st  i m hosting another youth jobs and resources fair for 2nd district residents between the ages of 16 & 2…
barbara bush was a woman who  while surrounded by men who usually had the mic  always asserted her voice  her indiv…
we are witnessing the decimation of an iconic species that calls the coast off of  ma6  home  but there is still hop…
rt  mrodcd7  had the incredible opportunity to represent the city of la at  leagueofcities and meet with leaders from across the nation to…
following my committee hearing  i met with local leaders from the  npca who are working hard to push back against…
a year in review  guilty pleas from/indictments against michael flynn  george papadopoulos  paul manafort  rick gat…
happy to be back in oak lawn this evening for st  gerald s annual dinner dance  thanks for inviting me  great foo…
the nunes memo s purpose was to muddy the credibility of mueller s investigation  declassifying information for thi…
 ctraywick  ferc  ferchatterjee *rolls eyes*
rt  christuttle  thank you  rep engel  for helping break the silencing effects of anti- lgbtq  harassment and discrimination for youth throu…
i m inspired by the students in colorado and across the country who made their voices heard today  i visited with s…
rt  homelanddems  potus says his plan  fully secures the border   how  we know a wall will not do it and dhs can t hire enough agents  says…
even after parkland   marcorubio has offered no justification for his dc gun bill  which would allow guns in dc sc…
congratulations to all our schools in the 2nd congressional district who were recognized as ga s 2017 single statew…
it s wonderful to have  boyscouts troop 5 of north providence in d c  i m proud of your hard work and dedication  k…
today  i attended a roundtable along with  nancypelosi  nydiavelazquez  repjoecrowley &  repjoseserrano to demand a…
and the number one reason this bill is so bad is     1  the bill would raise taxes on 22 million americans  includ…
happy small biz week to the creative  determined  il05  entrepreneurs that fuel our economy & drive our society forwa…
i urged the house appropriations committee  military construction  veterans affairs and related agencies subcommitt…
today  we must honor those lost and never again allow atrocities like the holocaust to take place  i am a proud cos…
at armed services hearing  discussed whether perception of anti-immigrant rhetoric in the u s  undercuts our abilit…
i just introduced h r  5106  a bill that would require public companies to disclose substantial financial relations…
happy founders day  sorors   dst1913   dst105 
led over 50 members of congress in calling for cont  funding for preservation of historic sites where japanese amer…
if you care about what you eat  how your food is grown & how it impacts the environment  this ag day join me in the…
what an engaging discussion with diana  lea  and celia from the  californiapta about what we can do to increase sch…
i ll be on  cnnnewsroom at 9 35am et  we ll talk n  korea  unethical scott pruitt  the trump-russia investigation …
when someone is having a mental health crisis  the er is the last place they belong  instead  paramedics should be…
institutional bias continues to undermine the economic dignity of working women  their families and this country  l…
momsdontneed the trump administration to undermine attempts to identify  stop and remedy unlawful pay discriminati…
rep  cicilline receives 2018 kids count factbook report on state of rhode island s children
heading to the house floor to offer my amendment that would halt offshore fracking in the pacific
mourning yet another tragedy today  knowing that my thoughts and prayers are not enough  we must take action 
hey  realdonaldtrump    michaelkinsley says that a gaffe is when a politician tells the truth - some obvious truth…
high school students  my office is now accepting entries for the 2018 congressional art competition  all submissio…
 _tiffany_d i wish i could  the house is still in session because of the shutdown 
on behalf of florida s 10th congressional district  i send my sincerest thoughts and prayers to first lady  melania…
interested in joining team carson  we re looking for interns to join our washington d c office  learn more -&gt 
if we fixed our state s regressive tax system - the worst in the country - perhaps we could stop nickel-and-diming…
one of the worst things we can do to our child welfare system is overload it and one of the worst things we can do…
this remembrance day  let s remember the millions of victims of the holocaust and redouble our efforts to stop the…
rt  nationalnow    congressmanruiz   hr36 will stand in the way of physicians providing the best care for their patients   no abortion ban h…
 i don t trust trump administration promises on drilling  we need to keep the pressure up and demand that this rec…
a victory for women is a victory for humanity  womens equality day
i am proud to have worked with the u s  department of energy and other partners for these past 15 years of   
on holocaust remembrance day  we commit to honoring the memories of those lost by telling their stories and speaking…
rt  kamalaharris  this administration must recognize there is real  systematic racism and classism in our housing system  we need to work t…
each may we recognize asian pacific american heritage month  the united states is a nation of immigrants and we are st…
joining c a p ideas shortly to talk health care and the future of mental health reform  tune in here   amprog
spent the morning in syracuse  ny for a bipartisan homeland security committee roundtable meeting addressing threat…
who watched the opening ceremonies for olympics2018 last night  check out this story from the  dandc on when to tu…
rt  kbcwtv  japanese internment survivor  repmikehonda slams trump supporter who said it s  precedent  for muslim registry 
rt  alsa_mary   repmarcykaptur has a long history of supporting those with  als   we thank you for all that you do to strike out a l s  a l sadv…
rt  washingtonpost  democratic rep  al green says he will force house impeachment vote
today ohioans have taken a giant step forward toward fairer  more representative districts  the people of ohio have…
the administration s steel & aluminum tariffs are bad for our san joaquin valley   ca   & the us  i will continue t…
rt  aarpwi  thank you  repronkind for doing the right thing & voting no on the american health care act 
the president & scott pruitt s agenda at  epa  is to destroy the rules that prevent pollution  so yes  i am trying…
yesterday i met with blake sawyer of  1stvbat who briefed me on border technology and virtual solutions for border…
we must ensure all domestic abuse survivors are afforded help & protections  no matter their sexual orientation or gender identity  vawa22 
i had a great time visiting halo branded solutions in sterling to learn about all of the great promotional products…
trump s syria policy isn t  locked and loaded   it s more like  blocked and bloated    blocked  because  as we fou…
i appreciate the good work that rdp-21 does to keep our local community informed about critical national defense an…
we ve known since the beginning that these gop policies are devastating for americans  but it s nice to see republi…
rt  cnnsitroom  rep  gallego  it kind of shows you how ignorant john kelly is on immigration issues   these are the same things that were s…
rt  pfanj_iaff  happening now  pfanj & iaff local reps from across nj are descending on the us capitol for the 2018 iaff legislative confer…
vgk    vegas born
rt  oversightdems    repcummings  115 people per day are dying in this country  opioid crisis  we need to come up with the most effective a…
trump gives telecomm companies more power and big pharma a pass on drug prices after they gave his lawyer piles of…
defining his education legacy  obama touts climbing graduation rates via  usatoday
rt  justinamash  today   repzoelofgren  repbarbaralee  repthomasmassie and i sent a bipartisan letter to  potus—cosigned by 84 of our colle…
federal judge allows trans military members to continue to serve & says plaintiffs are  likely to succeed  in their due process lawsuit👊🏳️‍🌈
mueller is on his way to revealing the kremlinklan i ve always talked about 
today marks 25 years since the family medical leave act   fmla   was signed into law   fmla25  it was a huge step fo…
well done  mansour 
my spectrum legislation w/ repguthrie passed the house today as part of  fcc reauthorization  our ability to unlock…
great discussion with the patenaude family from canterbury on their visit to the hill today representing…
rt  rubendiazjr  we re loading up the buses and heading to washingtondc for the marchforourlives  i m so proud…
now  potus politicizes the eastereggroll2018   let s respect faith of america 
rt  repdwightevans  ty  meekmill for speaking out about the need for criminal justice reform in pa  as a life-long resident of philadelphi…
 john bolton has a record of advocating for and steering some of the most disastrous and destructive foreign polici…
you can watch  kevcirilli and i have a conversation on  bloombergtv this hour about the national security implicat…
very troubling for  epascottpruitt to have multiple ethics violations  but more troubling that he is dismantling…
for those worried about the mental health of my proud uva alum wife right now i can report she s handling this trag…
rt  mcquiston  vermont nets  60 million in job-creating federal tax credits
rt  repcohen  another sully in american aviation 
rt  civcenter  the world is facing a 25-year peak in violent conflict  new legislation by  repeliotengel  judgetedpoe  repmccaul  repadamsm…
enjoyed having breakfast and talking about our work in congress for the ninth district with  majorcbs for the…
americans deserve a better deal on the cost of prescription drugs for our seniors — one that allows medicare to nego…
i m standing with  whiphoyer as democrats work to reopen the government 
glad to join  gpidmls in lake bluff to learn more about this growing family-owned and operated business  caught a g…
steve s passing is heartbreaking for rehoboth  the delaware lgbtq community  and the state as a whole 
while president trump shilled for the g o p tax scam and celebrated massive tax cuts for the wealthy today in ohio  th…
i wish to thank the national association of hispanic publishers for honoring me with a special recognition for my   
 ca33  residents please take caution
despite trump s fear-mongering and gross characterizations of immigrants  we still are--and will always be--a natio…
for example  the g o p tax scam will drive up health premiums for american families due to the elimination of the individual mandate 
just announced my town halls for march 27 and april 2 & 4  looking forward to discussing gun violence and what acti…
today we congratulate israel as it celebrates the 70th anniversary of its founding  the unbreakable bond between th…
our team attended the  arizonatransfer summit to hear from  uofa and  arizonavets on their efforts to support stude…
i am deeply concerned by the fcc s move to end important obama-era protections for net neutrality  it s time for co…
proud to celebrate roe v wade with some of my good friends 
habari gani  i want to wish a joyous and happy kwanzaa to all celebrating this holiday season 
rt  repcohen  from scopes monkey trial  to 10 commandments resolution of  96  &now to punishment of memphis for removing statues that hono…
yesterday   interior cancelled their drastic plan to double  grandcanyonnps fees  working across the aisle  we hel…
in october  i challenged  secretarycarson to identify funding cuts to affordable housing  today i still advocate fo…
  realdonaldtrump said the path forward on daca  should be a bipartisan bill   he said  it should be a bill of love…
rt  reptimryan  the entire ohio delegation agrees  camp ravenna is the ideal location for the new east coast missile defense site 
i often think of the words of president kennedy   one person can make a difference  and everyone should try    jfk100 
rt  aflcio  we believe workers deserve to live with dignity on  and off  the job  they demand respect  safe working conditions  living wage…
rt  dberrygannett     staceyplaskett of  officialcbc  this is the time for congress to do the right thing to support the territories in an…
wishing everyone celebrating this evening a happy passover  chag sameach 
i joined federal lawsuit challenging president trump s violation of constitution s anti-corruption clause 
i know how important it is for workers to have a voice in the workplace bc i lived it   ibew   when workers stick…
proud to host my 12th annual community dialogue with african-american veterans breakfast this morning in honor of…
rt  lawrence  exclusive  last week lawyers considering joining trump private defense team were told by their firms they d have to quit the…
hey  md02  teachers  apply by 3/1 to attend a free  nehgov summer professional development program  there are sites…
rt  repteddeutch  last night  our community stood together with the mourning families  now  we must turn our thoughts and prayers into acti…
rt  housedemocrats    repdarrensoto  fl-09  joined orlando s puerto rican day parade and festival  dems at work
thank you  sakshi   defendourfuture and all of the young people out there  keep up the good work 
 it s now critical that new leadership and structures be put in place that will increase transparency  oversight  a…
rt  cbssunday  mass   repjoekennedy talks with  gayleking about following in the family tradition of politics
rt  davharris  i voted  did you  // go vote for mike - the most progressive  experienced candidate on the ballot  masen
congress cannot stand by as a child being murdered in his or her school is normalized  it s not normal  and we can…
rt  noonpropa  prop a is just another wolf in sheep s clothing - a greedy ceo who only wants to pad his own pockets with more money  prote…
the russia investigation continues  senate intel  special counsel  & hpsci dems   it s too important not to  just…
the g o p tax bill sells out students to pay for tax cuts for millionaires and billionaires  this is not the bipartisa…
  speakerryan  now that you re retiring—will you finally show the courage to speak out on the need to protect speci…
as thousands turn out today to stand up for science  i m proud to join w/  reppaultonko & 150 democratic colleagues o…
it s national small business week  during the recent tulip festival street fair  i met some of the great pnw small b…
rt  waysmeanscmte  what americans need are higher wages and more job training programs  not penalties that make it harder for them to find…
today i visited  wphs_ocps & spoke to students participating in the  sifmafoundation capitol hill challenge  they l…
another night of incredible young artists  i am proud to announce the 2018 congressional art competition finalists…
i think we should do more to help working families access federal student aid  aim higher simple f a f s a
we ve seen many changes in the way the world works from e-commerce to advanced manufacturing  and they have created…
i added a video to a  youtube playlist to the point  bygone bipartisanship with rep  tiberi
thank you  ava  for writing and sharing your story  i agree enough is enough  and we need action now to reduce gun v…
rt  indivisiblemd   anthonybrownmd4 onstage now   you are the resistance   marylandresists ourrepsshowup m d
dr  martin luther king  jr  was a leader and champion for justice through peaceful action  whose powerful words sti…
rt  cbrangel  i was there when reagan signed bipartisan 1986 tax reform act  we can work together to fix our tax system 
on cesar chavez day  we honor the life and legacy of this iconic leader whose efforts helped achieve economic and so…
president-elect trump is demonstrating a pattern of nominating extreme and divisive officials to run what will be a…
ripping apart families does nothing but inflict unnecessary pain  as a nation of immigrants  we should exhibit thou…
i want to thank maria davila for her exemplary leadership during her 3rd term as mayor for  southgatecagov and cong…
while republicans are busy fighting for a g o p tax scam that puts wall street first  democrats are looking to give am…
important progress 
after serving our country  veterans deserve our support to restart their lives back at home  the  sbagov s veterans…
 centeronbudget read the report here bottom line - at least 32 million lose coverage due t…
we have 56 000 structurally deficient bridges in america  we could rebuild them  but where s the money  the trump t…
happy mothers day from the trump administration 
rt  cnn  rep  ruben gallego  i d like to remind the viewers  it s only monday  so  god knows what s going to happen the rest of this week …
people who have paid their debts to society should have the chance to fully participate in it with the right to vot…
icymi  last week i announced that  keysnonprofit received a grant of over  625k to assist  ie  vets and families 
as we recognize  fmla25   it s unacceptable that still just 15% of workers have paid family leave through their empl…
teachers shouldn t have to go on strike to get the pay they deserve and student supplies they need  we should suppo…
rt  bgcstoneham  photos from our second day of dodging for dollars 3   epsilonmktg /  alliancedata lost an extremely competitive game to ou…
i joined fellow san joaquin valley representative   repdavidvaladao  to commemorate the anniversary of the armenian…
bringing the  cdcgov on board to help combat the gun violence epidemic is a step in the right direction  we need al…
things trump wont talk about  sotu 
rt  markwarner  every member of congress  republican and democrat  needs to speak up in defense of the special counsel  now 
rt  alexlimonnews    repannaeshoo &  ronwyden at net neutrality protest
after binge-watching maninthehighcastle  i now understand everything 
our brave men & women in uniform who make sacrifices every day deserve better leadership from their commander-in-ch…
having trouble  check to see if there is local  county  state  or federal program that might help 
rt  fyiscipolicy    replipinski  how can scientific societies leverage their position to within community to bring about cultural change   …
happy 160th birthday  iowa state   iowastateu
my thoughts and prayers are with victims & families in nashville  but thoughts and prayers are not enough …
congratulations to all of our san joaquin valley students for your hard work and great showing at the academic deca…
rt  jstreetdotorg  rep   gerryconnolly wraps up our panel on the decline of american diplomacy under trump on a hopeful note  people aren t…
i was honored to join with texas congressional delegation colleagues in celebrating the life and mourning the loss…
february is black history month  join me in celebrating with a poem by poet laureate langston hughes called  mother…
i ll be speaking out against the  bba  on the house floor shortly  watch here 
given the news that foxconn s profits dropped almost 40% from this time last year i am not sure that a 25 year  3 b…
rt  amandabossard    repjoecrowley hosts roundtable to discuss puerto rico relief efforts almost eight months after hurricane maria hit  ht…
i wasn t able to bring michael to work with me today  but here s a  tbt  to what happened the last time i did   …
national coffee day and tbt to a coffee with your congressman event in 2011  i ve enjoyed sharing coffee with many…
rt  housebudgetdems  live now  final hearing on  uscbo oversight  watch https //t co/mcjvkrwqse
rt  oversightdems  must watch  marking the one year anniversary of the day president trump fired fbi director comey because of the russia i…
giuliani s embarrassing effort to explain what trump knew and when he knew it  is a useful reminder that no one who…
yesterday  rep  tulsi gabbard joined  sstnblcstlns waimanalo beach cleanup and annual earth day festival  where sh…
rt  intrahealth  great to hear from  repdavideprice  a champion & advocate for global health funding  at usglc n c event  glad to be here wi…
this case proves what most americans already know to be true  we can take common sense steps to get weapons of war…
icymi  the  ajc profiles how great clayton county is for families looking for less congestion  improving schools  m…
happy mothers day 
rt  jakelaperruque  a fantastic resource from  brennancenter comparing rep nunes hpsci bill to expand section 702 surveillance and the  jus…
was in the westside of kc last week & lucky enough to have lunch with civil rights legend  doloreshuerta  her passi…
 dmyles728 please visit to find more information about different events throughout the county 
i posted a new photo to facebook
rt  tanya_rivas_  warrior & passionate  lorettasanchez supporting smallbiz owners  stay strong during tough times & create jobs for our com…
the trump budget takes from medicaid  student loans and s n a p—while refusing to ask millionaires & corporations to…
rt  kencenprez   a gathering to remember  at dillard high school in broward county closing song  seasons of love  incl students from marjor…
my bill   hr4140  the no unconstitutional strike on north korea act  has over 60 cosponsors in the house  and has su…
we must confront racism & systemic injustice  s t o pthe k i l l i n g & policebrutality  terence crutcher s life mattered  black lives matter
rt  markwarner  despite the trump administration s attempts to slash chesapeake bay cleanup funding  we successfully fought for another yea…
great  glamourmag article from  potus on combatting sexism and being a dad 
 chiefjeffodell thank you chief odell for visiting me on capitol hill  it s always a pleasure to see you and othe…
these two young women survived being kidnapped--and worse--by boko haram with their faith and ambitions intact  the…
thank you plaza mexico for hosting another successful cinco de mayo celebration   ca44  lynwood
rt  housejuddems  the members stated   mr  wylie s statements today demonstrate why it is so important that our committees prioritize inves…
rt  projectbread   we are stronger advocates because of the congressman s leadership and passion for this issue   -pb prez  erinmcaleer1 on…
🇺🇸 thank you to all of the team mac dill service members and civilians who have served america from  macdill_afb  yo…
polluting pruitt is a disgrace at epa  the independent federal investigations continue to pile up  today  i cospons…
rt  hispaniccaucus  the family-based immigration system has contributed greatly to america  the majority of naturalized citizens in the u s…
mccabe s dismissal in the dead of night is a disgrace to this country and our law enforcement community  every day…
rt  uminjurycenter  thank you to the i p c summit2018 opening remarks speakers for kicking off the day  your work in the field and passion to…
republican leaders worked overtime to sneak healthcare repeal into other bills  in their race to reduce health cov…
loved attending my last  whitehouse picnic with my daughter  laurabcapps — and thanks to our host  barackobama 
honored to be included in  nygovcuomo s womens history month exhibit at the nys capitol which recognizes the contrib…
rt  keithellison  amazing faculty  staff  and students at maple grove senior high  principal becker and susan samaha  thank you for welcomi…
rt  emarvelous  rep  yvette clarke on house floor right now paying tribute to trailblazer shirley chisholm as she declares 2018 the  year o…
additionally  we considered the global engagement center authorities act which will create a global center for demo…
the president released the flawed nunes memo over the objections of the fbi and the doj because he thought it would…
happy birthday  repjoshg  looking good for 60
rt  delibraries  libraries are leaders in their communities and transform lives every day  april 8-14 is national library week  visit a del…
investing in our children shouldn t be a political slogan  it should be a promise  it s time to close the carried…
join  redcross and help install smoke alarms in communities across the country  find your chapter …
it has been so wonderful being back home at  fisk1866 and to meet with the university s president  kevin d  time 
equal pay is not just a women s issue  it impacts our families  businesses and economy  it s time to pass legislati…
i introduced the clean act to strengthen the office of congressional ethics  oce  and hold washington accountable t…
go team mike  masen
i ve joined 105 of my democratic colleagues to demand that  secretaryzinke end  blmnational s efforts to reverse th…
 ma09  is in for the  congressionalac app challenge - open to hs students or younger  for more info - nov 2 deadline 
 ahca  =  600b in tax breaks for the wealthiest paid for by the rest of us -  5k extra out of pocket in 2017 alone f…
using the term  armed educators  is just another way of telling us you haven t been listening to one word of what s…
no child should have to endure the agony of being separated from their parents because of  realdonaldtrump s deport…
this ill-advised  public charge  proposal is intended to discourage hardworking people from seeking legal status an…
today was the annual celebration to kick-off the  start of the produce season  at the pharr-reynosa international   
chaos allows for terrorist organizations to operate freely  this is one of the many reasons we must find a lasting…
rt  wsj  a provision in the spending bill would partially reverse the 1996  dickey amendment  in a victory for democrats
important open enrollment facts  start- november 1 end- december 15 get covered need more information …
sophia in ventura emailed  what role do women play in the economic recovery  ask julia  ca26 
this year s congressional art competition feat  57 diverse works of art from hs students across  ma3   congrats to j…
rt  signalmag   jimlangevin and  repratcliffe are stepping up cyber awareness and importance on capitol hill the cy…
trump s personal lawyer took over *one million dollars* from a huge pharmaceutical corporation  trump is walking a…
john also received a nomination for the  af_academy from our office on december 1  2017  and was formally offered a…
assault weapons are weapons of war and do not belong in our schools or in our communities  i m supporting…
people who were allowed by localities to prepay 2018 property taxes should be allowed their deduction  my wm collea…
rt  jbendery   i know for a fact that some members of the freedom caucus felt this was handled badly and sends a signal of bigotry they don…
joined members of my advisory board in congratulating my nominees and appointees to our nation s service academies…
 bhsbroncos  ewghigh  coventryschools  warwickschools  pvdschools
this is public schools week and i want to thank all of our public educators for all of their hard work  as a former…
it was great chatting with you congratulations again on soon becoming the first in your family to graduate from col…
rt  caucusonclimate  here s a scott pruitt story you may have missed this week  in a massive document release  revealed were the extreme le…
team castro joined the dellview area neighborhood association at their monthly meeting last evening 
rt  housenewdems  today  new dem  reppeteaguilar introduced the bipartisan  queen-of-the-hill  rule  which would force debate and a vote in…
rt  ajjaffe  dem rep  cheri bustos is speaking to a student group this am & passed out this list of tips for success   be kind  is 1
thanks to afge for lending me a can of whoop ass to open up on the trump administration s agenda 
i look forward to our columbus town hall on tuesday at the columbus public library  the town hall begins at 5 30pm 
this students art shows the  usa  is her country too 
great meeting with arizonans at our weekly a z coffee  visiting dc  call our office  202-225-9888
i was a 19 yr old student  scstate1896 in 1960 when i was arrested for protesting segregation  these parkland stud…
this equal pay day marks how long it would take for women to catch up to the wages of men  i am proud to cosponsor t…
 raul_labrador toma turno favor de  promesa 
also visited safran aerospace composites in rochester and heard about their innovative workforce development initia…
mercedes isd recognition ceremony for congressman ruben hinojosa
rt  govtrack  h r  267 by  repjohnlewis passed the house and senate yesterday  martin luther king  jr  national historical park act of 2017…
i recently met with the superintendent of the hueneme elementary school district  dr  christine walker  along with…
rt  sentaranv  thank you to everyone who attended the  transitions  resources for aging gracefully  event  including congressman gerry conn…
rt  repbonnie  instead of taking meals away from working families who ve hit hard times  maybe we should be focused on lifting wages so tha…
i just asked  ajitpaifcc  have you recused yourself  or do you plan on recusing yourself  from further actions rela…
between opening the doors of the epa to industry interests  to limiting scientific analysis in critical public heal…
i m calling on the  usps  to replace all postal collection boxes in queens w/ new anti-theft boxes in order to comb…
today s story of the suffrage movement so often imagines america s suffragettes as uniformly white  that was not th…
the trump administration s response to hurricane maria has been wholly inadequate  seven months after the storm  am…
in honor of the 70th anniversary of the nation s founding  i am proud to introduce a resolution in support of israe…
thanks to all of the  wa01  farmers who came out to  cravenfarm in snohomish today  i appreciate hearing from you  w…
why i m not going to the  sotu  
as puerto rico recovers from hurricane maria  it s unconscionable that nearly 450 public schools are facing closure…
rt  energycommerce  e&c dem leaders request gao investigation into epa enforcement of health & environmental safeguards 
despite what polluting pruitt thinks  the only  perk  being  epa administrator should come with is the power to pro…
happy teacher appreciation week  thank you for all that you do 
this week is the 10-year anniversary of the long beach college promise  which has helped thousands of students to g…
i have advocated for increased investment in our transportation systems so we can bring our infrastructure into the 21st century  1/
today  when speaking with reporters i discussed how republicans  actions to sabotage the  aca  are raising americans…
it was great to see my friends  chriscoons   senatorcarper and  agriculturede secretary michael scuse at the annual…
rt  cyrusmehta  amazing event last night - and you were inspirational
rt  starmusica  rt  mgelineau  only 2 hours left to vote for mike capuano tonight  don t forget  masen
thanks to all the physicians out there who keep us healthy  national doctors day
happy national ag day from maine 
on november 23  1954  dow jones industrial average surpassed it s pre-crash high  25 years after black tuesday - when it closed at 382 74 
rt  ericliptonnyt  another blockbuster ethics scoop on pruitt  as a state senator in oklahoma  he bought a home with a registered lobbyist…
yesterday s 4-4 tie in u sv texas illustrates what s at stake when  senategop obstruction cripples the scotus  fight for families
safe travels to gerry and ed  their cause for better treatment of agent orange veterans is a just one 
mulvaney  watchdog bureau s leader  advises bankers on ways to curtail agency
rt  usprogressives  thank you  keithellison for fighting republicans  efforts to sustain a rigged system that favors the wealthy and corpor…
rt  abc   war is not a reality television show   house democrats blast pres  trump for publicly telegraphing the potential use of military…
tulsi has supported legislation like the college for all act  which would eliminate tuition and fees at four-year p…
what are we waiting for  the 2018 election season is now underway and we need to ensure russia stays out of it …
it s not too late to rsvp for my next community forum this sunday  i m looking forward to a great discussion on man…
low-income earners  children  and the elderly by capping medicaid and handing it over to the states 
i am proud to stand with my colleague rep  david cicilline and over 100 of my fellow members of congress by signing…
today  american citizens tony kim  kim hak-song  and kim dong-chul are coming home from captivity in north korea 
and guess who is pushing the idea  people who get really  really rich from selling guns  they re not interested in…
team peters joined  eqca for the fourth annual fair share4 equality conference to discuss disparities in health and…
for my  cheri on shift  i shadowed a first generation farmer  jared kunkle  and try my hand planting soybeans  i ap…
after surviving the horrors of the salvadoran war  las vegas restaurateurs flor campos & jose alvarado came to the…
  repbarbaralee  4 years is a long time to worry about your child   bbog  4 years too long
r i p  tom wolfe  insightful observer of big trends and nooks & crannies  loved from bauhaus to our house 
fema is looking for talented youth to participate in the youth preparedness council  to work with  fema and…
since the aca became law  over 20 million americans have been able to access coverage 
we just compiled all the times that  realdonaldtrump s cabinet abused taxpayer dollars for flights on private jets…
dreamers  if your  daca  expired on or after september 5  2016 you may submit a renewal application  to see if you q…
  realdonaldtrump  silence in the face of domestic violence is disgraceful  beating your spouse is immoral and ille…
today  congress acted and passed commonsense  bipartisan legislation to open a geologically safe  permanent storage facility  yucca mountain
a domestic gag rule on title x would bar 4 million patients from making informed decisions about their reproductive…
have you ever called for help and no one answered because the dangerous person was important  i have as a child and…
we can t stand by as the fcc and big corporations steal our right to equal access 
introduced a bill w/  susanwbrooks  sentoddyoung &  sendonnelly to establish kennedy-king park in indianapolis as…
rt  naral  we re proud to endorse  juliabrownley26   congressmanruiz &  reppeteaguilar in  ca31   ca26  &  ca36   c a primary
rt  homelanddems  ranking member  repfilemonvela along with rm  benniegthompson introduced  hr4940  the border & ports security act to incre…
introducing sam quinones author of dreamland at the national press club to discuss the opioid epidemic 
all californians deserve to breathe clean air  this is why we re fighting tirelessly to protect our environment and…
it is up to all of us to continue to combat the negative effects of global warming  and to conserve the precious re…
rt  mamasconpoder  immigration agents are deliberately prying young children away from the arms of their mothers  this isn t a show of  tou…
today we pause  reflect  and remember the millions of lives lost from the holocaust  we must never allow this histo…
rt  leoshane  hasc hearing this am on misconduct issues among senior military leaders   repspeier says culture of  different spanks for dif…
to all the students participating in nationalwalkoutday in nc04 and across the us  your leadership & activism is i…
wishing a happy birthday to my friend and a lifelong champion for access to affordable  quality health care for wor…
quality higher education needs to be accessible and affordable to empower america s students  standwith students
today  i hosted a housing resource fair  where constituents spoke with federal  state  and local agencies about all…
it seems every day brings more evidence that  epascottpruitt has no business working in public service  he must resign  boot pruitt
a7  that is why one of my first actions in congress was co-founding the unitedfor climate and environmental justice…
rt  georgeanneusova   the due process clause applies to everyone who is here   thank you  repzoelofgren for standing up for justicefor jane…
polluting pruitt has consistently proven he cares more about helping past political donors than protecting the heal…
this morning  peter took to the house floor to condemn the ongoing and aggressive efforts by president trump and hi…
over a 40-year career  the avg woman loses  418k to the wage gap  but many groups of women lose so much more than t…
rt  hispaniccaucus  🗣🗣🗣 césar chávez risked his life to overcome the very racism & bigotry that rep  gohmert espouses  for him to twist & w…
trump s infrastructurescam is bad for all americans  we don t need a  plan  that guts clean air & water protection…
rt  nrdems    repcartwright bill helps working americans in coal country at no taxpayer cost environment jobs  p… 
rt  striplingpark  glad to have paul w/  sanfordbishop congressional office drop by sirp for a great mitchell county young farmer meeting …
my  last dish effort  tater tot hot dish tied for 1st at the mn congressional hot dish competition  here in mn  hot…
rt  countyofla  terrence pierre was once homeless  now  he works the streets of skid row  engaging people without homes and transporting th…
thank you to fema regional admin  robert fenton   cal_oes director mark ghilarducci &  countyofsonoma supervisor go…
the serrano report for this week with information about my work in congress and in the bronx is available online at…
i m pleased  hudgov is awarding  wa  housing authorities  1 5m  to increase access to affordable housing for our…
rt  repvaldemings  watch our press conference - going on right now - to warn president trump not to interfere with the mueller investigatio…
gearupworks / everywhere  
 congressbdaybot mahalo 
photos courtesy of michael meador  wvu tech university relations 
rt  mddccua  congratulations to  vanhollenformd  jamie_raskin and  brownformd on your victories last night  we look forward to working wi…
    and now that  housegop has blown a huge hole in the deficit  trump & republicans in congress are looking to for…
suppressed wages in mexico  driven by a lack of independent unions and an inability for workers to collectively bar…
rt  senatortomudall  watch live  i m questioning  epascottpruitt about his unethical  destructive behavior at epa  pruitt has recklessly sp…
rt  missourichamber  thanks to  repcleaver for joining modcflyin  listening to us and sharing your perspective on the value of earmarks  h…
rt  kylegriffin1  republican sen  ben sasse   hopefully the president is just blowing off steam again but  if he s even half-serious  this…
thank you   repdavidvaladao 
the majority insists they want to help low-income americans by implementing work requirements for food stamps and o…
thank you  phillypolice   udpolice   chesterpolice   netherprovpd   pastatepolice   capitolpolice takethe l e a d2017
the deadly chemical weapons attack conducted by the assad regime is horrifying and is an unquestionable violation o…
we should modernize our tax code to help hardworking families & small businesses spark the economy  yet the current…
rt  andrewfeinberg  now  repraskin says  i m a little bit astonished that we ve descended to the level of political theater and spectacle i…
rt  stanhardy_nyc  nyc delegation and tenants are opposing the hud rent reform proposal  repjeffries  nydiavelazquez  repespaillat
i am opposed to the trump net neutraility plan  i continue to support fair access to the internet for everyone 
as the  bangordailynews points out  maine s aging population needs access to affordable dental care  that s why i v…
received an update on issues facing rhode island schools from exeter west greenwich s metcalf elementary school mat…
decision to withdraw from iran deal will undermine our national security  increase prospect of a nuclear iran or a…
rt  repcicilline  democrats have a real plan to give people a better deal through investing in our workers & reprioritizing groundbreaking r…
more relief is on the way for local law enforcement  the spending bill includes reimbursement for overtime hours sp…
thank you  nahbhome for  the defender of housing award   as a former exec  dir  of oha  i ll always fight for affor…
i am heartbroken for these families who have lost sons  daughters  mothers  fathers  brothers and sisters 
rt  senwarren    philipslight can afford to shell out  187 million to shareholders  so  repjoekennedy and i want to know why they re planni…
rt  k8gould  thank u  reprokhanna &  repadamsmith for working to end us war in yemen  as rep smith said last night   saudi arabia is indis…
rt  nelsonforsenate  i ve always run every race like there s no tomorrow —regardless of my opponent  while it s clear that rick scott will…
boating = pinellas jobs  it s about our economy  and our way of life  honored to speak to fellow boaters at the…
rt  repmcgovern  this is outrageous  not a single woman in the room as  mike_pence and  housegop propose removing maternity coverage in tr…
 iteptweets the average salt deduction in md is  12 931 – well over the  10k limit 
rt  dpham20   replipinski  having been in academic  those lower in totem pole rely on above to move their career  higher ups can tend to be…
rt  rephankjohnson  the american people deserve to know the truth  what comes first  their families or  realdonaldtrump s bottom line  tru…
from moving across country  even overseas  changing jobs and changing schools  military families put country before…
3/ sure  the iran deal is not perfect – i ve said that since it was brokered – but you don t have to end the deal to strengthen it 
rt  officialcbc  we can t let  realdonaldtrump politicize the courts  we re urging  senjudiciary chairman  chuckgrassley to uphold the long…
i was honored to meet with survivors of the parkland shooting last month and i am proud to see them taking real act…
today  it was a pleasure to attend and speak at the grand opening of the new  10 million la esperanza de alton   
so proud the soar act passed the house yesterday  human trafficking is heartbreaking and despicable  and it takes p…
i introduced the stress act to ensure farmers and ranchers have access to resources to deal with stress and mental…
today  we honor dr  king s legacy and his sacrifice by continuing his work on behalf of the greater good   mlk50 
rt  nancypelosi  sad comment from  realdonaldtrump  all the more reason to focus on getting an agreement on daca as soon as possible 
rt  hnnow    repjoekennedy pushed for mental health care reform during a stop in fallriver
today we celebrate chief brew in wapello for small business week  after working w  iowasbdc to develop a plan  the shop is up and thriving 
pell grant funding is critical to making college a reality for so many students  we must protect it from cuts 
we must empower girls  esp latinas  to pursue  stem  careers  this starts by ensuring computer science education is…
  mphcaz s new tempe clinic provides arizonans with quality  affordable care  we secured funding for community heal…
we need to do more at all levels of government to effectively combat pervasive gun violence in our communities  i a…
thank you to everyone at simple machines  inc for showing me around your office this week  i m very proud of the wo…
rt  repjohnlewis  i ve marched  protested  been beaten and arrested--all for the right to vote  friends of mine gave their lives  honor the…
the trump administration is continuing to rip parents away from their children and instilling fear in our communiti…
i joined 118 of my colleagues in asking the  fcc to delay the vote on net neutrality 
enjoyed starting the am talking w  ernie   wvrq about my work to protect access to affordable health care for wi 
remember that as trump misleads & deflects responsibility in his remarks  that we can take action to reduce gun vio…
rt  sbasoutheast  dont miss reg dir ashley bell &  sba_georgia today  repdavidscott jobs fair  gicc  learn how to chase your entrepreneuria…
this would be a devastating blow to the firewall of independence that so many at doj have spent their careers worki…
forget the kerfuffle about dr jackson s reported drinking habits and abusive management style  the issue is that he…
today on holocaust remembrance day we honor and remember the millions who were killed during the holocaust  we mus…
my  energycommerce colleagues & i are calling for multiple hearings on gun violence in america  it s been three wee…
getting students from dunbar and everman high signed in  they are ready to get the m v teen summit started   tx33 
commissioner  rodneyellis and i are excited to join the city of houston for our thanksgiving day parade  have a hap…
  repbarbaralee  4 years is a long time to worry about your child   bbog  4 years too long
today is peace officers memorial day – a day in which we honor the brave members of law enforcement who have made the…
senior scams are all too prevalent in my district  i m hosting the below event to provide resources and advice to p…
rt  repjimmygomez  cesar chavez s unshakeable belief in dignity & justice shined a light on the plight of farmworker families and changed t…
you can learn about adam s passion for math and education  and how  daca  has changed his life here 
rt  waysmeanscmte  proof  the g o p tax bill hurts middle class families at every stage of life 
in an era of fake news  alternative facts & assaults on media and freedom of speech  america needs public broadcasting more than ever 
we re working with  cityofyuma mayor douglas j  nicholls to fund the yuma crossing national heritage area to restor…
during today s school safety forum   nicolehockley said that when she first heard about the shooting in parkland …
my thoughts regarding the president s comments yesterday on el salvador  haiti and some african countries   awful …
rt  standuprepublic  urgent action needed  the house of representatives wants to pass an omnibus bill by thursday  call your representative…
gracias a dios que todos los pasajeros del ferry están a salvo  continuaremos en comunicación con la  uscgsoutheast para más detalles 
rt  nh_hsem  significant snowfall expected today through early wednesday  snowfall rates 1   inch an hour at times  gusty winds and blizza…
the release of the classified nunes memo against the objections of the  fbi and the  thejusticedept is reckless and…
 whitehouse has named seattle as a climateactionchampion  it s an honor 2 rep a district so committed 2 act on climate
time and time again  we ve seen local law enforcement take heroic actions to stop active shooters and save lives  m…
the ethics scandals for  epascottpruitt keep piling up  from silencing his critics at the epa to wasting taxpayer d…
i m proud to work towards cleaner water in  md02   maryland s economy and lifestyle depend on the chesapeake bay as…
yesterday i spoke with  kuow about my concerns with the president s request for a new  aumf  to fight  isis 
happy to announce the gun violence restraining order act has reached 100 bipartisan co-sponsors  the momentum behin…
monuments to the katyn massacre evoke history and remind us of the brutality of totalitarian regimes  today  i intr…
hope to see you sunday for a discussion with  mclyburnfcc on net neutrality 
  jerrybrowngov is right - calif s gop members of congress shouldn t raise taxes on middle-class constituents just…
at every school i visit in  az01   i am always impressed by the passion of the teachers and staff  these men and wom…
backstage with  joebiden at the global institute  liupost
there are americans in need of help now  proud to join 145 colleagues to demand action in puerto rico  every minut…
let ot begin   gbr 
before entering public service  i was a community psychologist  mental health has always been a passion and a prior…
calling sunnyside  woodside  & long island city  queens community board 2 meets tonight  unfortunately i can t be…
rt  ricardorossello  with congressman  reprichardneal   member of the committee of ways and means   mercader1 and  villafanepr discussing t…
it s not a game  and until we stop the use of racism  bigotry  and fear to get votes  we all lose 
i enjoyed speaking with learn4life students visiting from san diego at the capitol earlier today  welcome to the pe…
rs ballooned deficit to  1 4 trillion b/c of their tax cuts for the 1%  now  pres  trump & republicans are proposin…
this week  i joined my colleagues  usrepmikedoyle and  repchrissmith—co-chairs of the bipartisan autism caucus—in a…
my thoughts and prayers are with his family  friends  and his fellow code talkers  who have lost another brother in…
going on  ny1 at 11amet &  msnbc at 1 30pmetto share my thoughts on fidel castro whom i first met when he visited harlem in 1995 
we must enforce the clean air act now more than ever  now is not the time to rollback our progress 
rt  clyburn  otd in 1965  two weeks after bloodysunday  my colleague and dear friend  repjohnlewis started his march from selma to montgo…
as a former general assembly member  i can personally attest to  vacapitolpolice s professionalism  helpfulness and…
evacuations are underway in communities north  east  & west of hwy 87 due to the tinder fire  see attached info f…
rt  missfuhrerious   repcohen  msnbc  alexwitt sir  maybe we could put this up as exhibit a when your speaking in session to your republica…
friday  10am  el paso community foundation room  hope to see you for our next town hall  will share a brief update…
well said -- resist indeed 
rt  officialcbc    ladepthealth
happy passover to all those celebrating 
happy easter from my family to yours  easter sunday
never again end gun violence
gop rushing to vote on a tax cut bill that hasn t even been written yet   a behemoth piece of legislation that coul…
attended a very inspiring  naacpocfl gala last night as we continue the fight for justice & equality …
thank you for all your good wishes  though i won t enter the us sen  race  i look forward to continuing to fight for the citizens of the ma
the fact that this letter was sent to the majority  without the customary and appropriate notice to me  indicates t…
rt  connorobriennh  things are getting interesting in the morning d  fy19ndaa  pool  now we ve got member vs  member wagers 
thank you all for coming in   seangiambrone1 
today is equal pay day  yet women still only earn 80 cents for every dollar paid to a man  an annual difference of m…
rt  repadams  the flint water crisis should be a wake-up call  lead poisoning is a real danger that must be taken seriously  four years aft…
thank you  fvsu and  albanystateuniv for all you do to educate young minds in middle and southwest georgia h b c u pride h b c u week
one can only hope that the intense attention will finally convince gop leadership to allow the house to fully & fai…
trump shutdown = congressional republicans inability to govern   an erratic president lacking leadership to bring t…
joining  senwhitehouse  davidcicilline  bvcapri s vin ceglie and others to call for real tax reform that benefits a…
now  the city council should agree to accept the grant and contribute their fair share of funding if the federal go…
rt  csgv  members of the connecticut delegation &  housegvp welcome  montefrankct  rideonteam26 to capitol hill for a petition delivery cal…
happy birthday to springfield s own dr seuss 
 11alivenews the m l k statue is a glorious & an extraordinary statement at the right time & right place for dr  king…
rt  officialcbc  today at 11 30 am et  the cbc will introduce the jobsand justice act  omnibus legislation that would  if passed  increase…
  realdonaldtrump and i agree that we need to support our law enforcement officers  in the last year  56 officers h…
another great  hope4prisoners1 graduation  lvmpd headquarters  proud of  jondponder and his team for leading this…
rt  coveredca  looking for health insurance  use the covered c a shop and compare tool to view plan options in your area  and find out if yo…
this is an excellent point  good police officers must help weed out bad officers  their silence hurts everyone  inc…
the huge sinclair-tribune merger will end local news as we know it  grateful  jrosenworcel is spreading the word &…
 az09  students  we re now accepting applications for u s  service academy nominations  details here 
rt  battelle  we re looking forward to hosting this important event on may 19 and encourage people to attend and learn more about the inves…
a special delivery  get yours now 
great working w/ va & schools at the diversity & inclusion summit to ensure proper care for all veterans through va-med school affiliations 
i agree that the opioid epidemic is a national crisis  so why has nothing changed   sotu 
great to speak with  machinistsunion members from nas pax river and around the country this morning  i reiterated m…
 i m thankful for the parkland students for standing up & doing what they re doing right now  they re allowing all…
we are excited to have you join this important movement  your support is very meaningful to those of us fighting th…
 1havasucat  tomangell  passhr1227 i do support descheduling  but i think h r  1227 is not the right approach  i am…
i m proud to support  projectbread – they re celebrating the 50th walkfor hunger on may 6  walk funds are distribut…
we now face the increased threat of a nuclear-armed iran  as we try to negotiate with a nuclear-armed north korea u…
thoughts and prayers do not erase the suffering and grief in parkland  congress has a duty to pass comprehensive g…
barbara bush served our nation with grace and dedication  she will be missed by many  andrea and i have the entire…
the  energycommerce subcommittee on health will review about 25 opioid-related bills and hear from four different p…
honored to have been selected by the biotechnology innovation organization  iambiotech as a 2018  innovator in biot…
rt  kylegriffin1  scott pruitt s epa and the white house sought to block publication of a federal health study on a nationwide water-contam…
thoughts are with all those displaced in hawaii right now as kilauea erupted  kilauea volcano kilauea erupts
we  don t  have  to  live  this  way  enough is enough
wishing you and your family a very happy new year  i look forward to continuing to serve the 8th congressional dist…
rt  housejuddems  🚨 breaking    repjerrynadler statement on  thejusticedept inspector general report on former  fbi deputy director andrew m…
never hurts to double up on congratulating  msnbc  maddowblog &  maddow - well done on an impressive month and a jo…
rt  hfacdemocrats  rm  repeliotengel  i welcome the signing of phase i of the patriot deal with the us and poland  this will strengthen th…
rt  nancypelosi  our democracy is being undermined and the  housegop leadership is silent  it s complicity 
my heart is with those at great mills high school - yet another school turned to a war zone this morning …
two weeks after the 50th anniversary of dr  martin luther king jr  s assassination  congress held a ceremony to hon…
on world press freedom day let s remember the role and critical importance of independent media  despite the truth de…
thank you for your support 
rt andytarsy  3 friends report last minute decisions in mass  senate race--all for capuano  i expect lots of last minute cap voters  masen
rt  cnnopinion  trump s syria strategy  no strategy at all  writes  reptedlieu
rt  cbupresident  senator norris just introduced an amendment to cut need based aid to students at independent schools by 50%    call your…
women on average still earn only 80 cents for every dollar earned by men  the pay gap is worse for women of color …
rt  healthcentral  how an  nccu team is working to reduce breastcancer mortality disparities for af-americans w/ triple negative ibc
many thanks to our local small business owners for their hard work & contributions to our aloha state  buy local…
wishing my mexican american constituents a very happy cinco de mayo  as the first mexican-american congresswoman  i …
i was saddened to learn of the passing of baltimore county executive kevin kamenetz  he was a thoughtful leader & o…
cia director mike pompeo is testifying today on his nomination to be secretary of state  rep  cicilline has led mor…
watch today   lcvoters  funnyordie & jeff goldblum are calling out big polluters  check it out 
we still face dr  king s question chaos or community  trump s budget cuts would have sowed chaos  but the bipartisan…
this is great  we need to expose students to  stem  as early as possible to engage their curious and help spark a br…
congratulations to the graduating class of the municipal fire academy as you join the storied ranks of rhode island s brave firefighters 
national parks are a fundamental part of our country s heritage and history  this national parks week  let s redoub…
good meeting yesterday with  nycmayor and the nyc congressional delegation in dc  we discussed a range of issues in…
tax day just got worse  because of the g o p tax scam  13 million more americans will no longer have health insurance 
i support overturning the dickey amendment  which bans the use of federal   to research the gun violence epidemic a…
congrats brian rhodes on being sworn in as chief of  nashuafire  chief rhodes has been a great advocate for nashua …
rt  repstephmurphy  the students of marjory stoneman douglas returned to class today for the first time since the parkland shooting  what…
president trump and secretary zinke are again siding with big oil and gas companies over the well-being of families…
ramadan kareem to all who observe  may this month be filled with many blessings 
in my role on house intel  i oversee the intelligence community  mostly three letter agencies including the nsa  ci…
rt  hispaniccaucus  an accurate 2020census is critical to our nation  the trump administration is threatening to undermine its integrity …
  epascottpruitt is currently under at least seven separate independent federal investigations  he needs to be held…
this  kaiserfamfound study is more evidence aca sabotage is harming health of millions of americans  click to read
protect mueller mueller congress rosenstein justice
yesterday i met with acting chief patrol agent jason d  owens  from the laredo sector border patrol
special thanks to guest speaker  kfjudge with the cybercrime support network for joining my langevin cyber r i commit…
in 2013 and 2015  i voted for two-year bipartisan budgets that made hard choices  but that actually reduced our deb…
rt  8sparkygrl8   slsmith000  tedlieu  repcohen  mikefarb1  aclu  kamalaharris
rt  matthewstoller  as  repsarbanes implied  mark zuckerberg s power to structure political discourse has blown up the debate over citizens…
 stlyoungdems energy  enthusiasm  engaged dem voters  blue wave2018
 there may be times when we are powerless to prevent injustice but there must never be a time when we fail to prote…
the campolindo high school s student newspaper  la puma  covered our student town hall on gun violence and wrote ab…
thanks to  preservationact  savingplaces &  historiccredit for naming me a  champion of the historic tax credit   t…
earth without art is just eh 🌎 congratulations to all the  nv01  students who participated & placed in this year s…
farmers roundtable is this saturday at the tallahassee community college center for workforce development  hope to…
san diego was never fooled by this four-time losing candidate  sorry he s doing this damage to our economy and coun…
2/2 - our countries have long been connected as neighbors  both through this period of crisis and through the excha…
estos fondos del programa hsi stem buscan aumentar el   de estudiantes que cursan carreras en ciencia  tecnología  ingeniería o matemáticas 
rt  cityofmonterey  know your mil military appreciation month 🇺🇸 great update on  nps_monterey & interview with nps president by  montereyher…
with my colleague  repdonbeyer this morning discussing the uncertainty the trump administration is generating and i…
it is appalling that in 2018  women working full-time earn just 80 cents for each dollar earned by men -- and for m…
great service   honoring the 65th anniversary of rev james hall   victory   rev hall was my guest at the national p…
icymi  i hosted a hearing w/ members of the  housebluedogs special task force on rural america & representatives fr…
there are over 13 000 d r e a mers in nevada  right now  you can still apply to renew  daca  status  check out this fa…
i met with the diné grant schools association to discuss the importance of quality education systems in native amer…
with cold temperatures coming this weekend  emergency locations are offering shelter and warmth in albany 
 ricardorossello gen jeffrey buchanan was appointed to lead military relief efforts & naval hospital ship usns comf…
let s not repeat mistakes of the past deepwater horizon disaster  pushing bill to keep vital rules in place – prote…
we are still gearing up 2 vote on the g o p budget this week & the gop tax plan won t be good 4 la families  gop is putting billionaires first
people who were brought to america as children – through no fault of their own – deserve our compassion  what do yo…
rt  repmarktakano  their health care bill was actually a tax cut for the wealthy  their tax cut bill is actually an attack on health care …
rt if you agree  clean drinking water should be a basic human right  dont forget flint
rt  reprubengallego  donald trump s cabinet of corruption is wasting your hard-earned money on luxuries for themselves  watch  reptedlieu a…
great news and an important step in the right direction  we must keep fighting to ensure the return of every deport…
rt  repdonbeyer  earlier this week  a former trump campaign staffer and senior aide to epa administrator scott pruitt came to capitol hill…
rt  kylegriffin1  7 democratic senators are calling on trump-connected billionaire carl icahn and scott pruitt to explain how an icahn-owne…
check out 5 things you can do to make our world a better place this week 
hey  presssec - unlike your boss  i did show up and served my country in the marines  now  i show up in congress to…
i extend my deepest sympathies to the families of master sgt  william r  posch of jacksonville  staff sgt carl eni…
women s health programs are under attack from republicans  again   icymi 
elsie and sophie  our dc office dogs  are proud to announce that i ve been named a  humanesociety legislative champ…
last week  these students in maryland took a stand against gun violence  today  there was a shooting in their schoo…
rt  sahilkapur  rep  jim mcdermott  d-wa  says he s voting against the cromnibus due to the dodd-frank rider which he compares to repealing…
it requires more than just a gun to take an innocent life  it also takes bullets  we need to do all we can to make…
rt  rollcall  religious tensions boiled over into public view with the ouster of the house chaplain last week 
great dance performance by east fordham academy for the arts at our annual  bhm  celebration   senatorserrano…
great energy among the 600  ppl at today s falmouth march for america - thanks  woodsholeresctr & engage falmouth for…
the winning entry is by savina romero  a student at  albacademy  as the winner of the competition  savina will have…
polluting pruitt rolled back fuel efficiency standards  a move that will cost americans both at the pump and the do…
rt  foodbankwma  watch  repmcgovern rally forcefully to protect nutrition assistance from heavy-handed cuts in the proposed 2018 farm bill…
explaining my vote on the recent continuing resolution 
  realdonaldtrump and  speakerryan—the country is crying out for your leadership 
i m the ninth african american to represent  sc  in the u s  congress  this black history month  i honor the eight th…
i am proud to announce that my bill to rename the fairview post office in honor of sgt  douglas riney has been sign…
happening now- on the house floor debating my bill - the kennedy-king establishment act  tune into  cspan-
this is one of the most dangerous developments i ve seen in our foreign and nat l security policy  period  bolton…
rt  rfkhumanrights   new york must lead the nation on criminal justice reform by fixing our broken pretrial system   a compelling piece by…
  a mind to work  
the corker-kaine aumf doesn t limit president trump s blank check for war  instead it would  1  codify our existing…
may is national asthma & allergy awareness month  as a chair of the house asthma & allergy caucus  i m deeply conce…
rt  wcia3mark    govrauner isn t the only one in washington dc for janusv a f s c m e today  il ag  lisamadigan met the media moments ago   this…
wishing a happy birthday to my good friend   repjimcosta  thank you for your leadership as co-chair of  housebluedogs 
standing w/ my  hispaniccaucus colleagues to voice our serious concerns about the commerce dept s wrong decision to…
rt  oversightdems    repcummings  the president and republicans in congress enacted  1 5 trillion in tax cuts for wealthy individuals and c…
join me at the kemp forum on expanding opportunity friday  may 11 with speaker paul ryan  congressman peter roskam …
pruitt s lavish taxpayer-funded security detail reportedly also traveled with him on non-official business  includi…
👉today i pressed polluting pruitt for turning a blind eye to the health and well-being of american families and i a…
we are focused on supporting de s innovators & entrepreneurs who are leading our new economy  the angel investor jo…
if you know someone who needs a ride to their polling station  have them call drive 2 vote  402-786-8303   ne02 
la medida le permitirá a puerto rico reestructurar su deuda pública de forma justa y ordenada   
pleased to speak on the house floor in support of my maternal health & nurse workforce bills - both critical to increasing healthcare access
practicing mindfulness can help students reduce outside stress and focus on learning  this is an example of why op…
i deeply admired and respected first lady barbara bush  her love for family  this country  and the american people…
rt  mauinow  rep  gabbard visits maui  honors vietnam veterans maui now news h inews  tulsipress  tulsigabbard ma…
rt  ac360  rep  jackie speier on president trump s interest in a military parade   i was stunned by it  to be quite honest      we have a n…
for far too long  survivors of sexual violence have been forced to live in a culture that thrived off their silence…
it s been my greatest privilege to serve the people of hi  your aloha & compassion have helped shape my incredible journey these 20  years 
 alisonnbcboston  emkinstitute thanks for the thoughtful questions 
2   don jr  had two calls with emin agalarov to pursue dirt russians were promising as part of june 9  2016 meeting…
 potus raises premiums for millions of americans   aca  wasn t failing until  realdonaldtrump took a meat axe to it 
since they re keeping congress in the dark  i joined  housenewdems in urging  ustraderep to strengthen worker & env…
more than 187 000 students have been exposed to a school shooting since the tragedy at columbine high school 19 yea…
thank you to all who showed up to saturday s gun violence forum for a productive conversation  i ask you all to kee…
to our teachers in  ma5  and across the country  thank you for giving our children the gift of knowledge  inspiring…
hey  md02    abcsharktank is casting in our area next week  what s your best invention idea 
absolutely heartbroken to wake up to the news out of las vegas  my thoughts are with the victims and their families today 
on transgender day of remembrance  we must raise awareness about the violence faced by the trans community and pled…
our  fresnoairport and rural airports in  mercedcounty are big winners in the federal aviation administration  …
the house is in session this week  here s what we re scheduled to vote on
my  housegop colleagues refuse to hold hearings on the scourge of gunviolence in our country or   
 usgao  epascottpruitt  realdonaldtrump read my full statement with  senatortomudall on the  usgao s findings and t…
happy to host  joebiden today in the capitol along with  marcveasey to speak at our meeting of the  bluecollardems
please join me 2nite   uscapitol  screening of  sebastianjunger s korengal & discussion of how best 2 support usavets
rt  trinityprepfl  jessie white  18 has been selected by us congresswoman  repstephmurphy as the winner of the 2018 congressional art compe…
i am pleased that nh will get badly needed resources to help our communities  but overall  this grant is wholly ina…
  housegop has sent us home for 2 wks w/out passing a budget or acting on urgent health crises  let s get to work 
3 weeks ago  congress reached a spending agreement for 2018 on an overwhelmingly bipartisan basis  and…
read more about my amendments here ⬇️
iran remains a threat to our allies and interests  it continues to advance its ballistic missile program  support t…
there are 17 800 dreamers in wa state who contribute  1 1 b annually to wa s economy  it s time to vote on a perman…
i m on  cspanwj right now until 9am et  looking forward to taking your calls 
happy birthday to nikola tesla a serbian-american inventor  electrical engineer  and physicist who made modern ele…
  baltimoresun  spot on  prime example of how big money infects our democracy 
an unabashed patriot and public servant  barbara bush was a smart and strong first lady  she fiercely defended fami…
rt  matthewwell  today  uspirg is launching a campaign calling on  mcdonalds to cut all meat raised with routine antibiotics  the big mac…
rt  davidcicilline  as first lady  barbara bush served our country with grace and honor  she showed compassion for hiv/aids victims  raised…
this is a major step backwards 
the g o p tax scam  trump budget  and the so-called p r o s p e r act all have one thing in common  putting corporate profit…
proud to cosponsor new legislation that gives nashville songwriters a much better deal in the digital age  music ci…
republicans of the house judiciary committee are the latest to publicly demonstrate full-fledged loyalty to trump o…
thank you to the dedicated volunteers and supporters whose hard work and ceaseless determination has inspired me during this campaign   ca26 
today is world hemophilia day  help spread the word to raise awareness for those living with hemophilia  a rare blo…
dane grey  president & ceo of  eliteparkingsoa  while our company has seen success in accessing the much-needed cap…
the house is in session this week  here s what we re scheduled to vote on 
in all of my 35 years in congress  the gop tax plan is one of the most deceitful bills i have ever seen  here are…
the valley has always been cool  glad the  wsj finally discovered that 
congratulations  mrbenjaminboom and team u s a who are bringing home the gold medal  my scheduler  tina  is a proud m…
i was very impressed by this year s submissions for the congressional art competition  from the salton sea to the b…
rt  rhsgiants411  thanks  rephuffman for recognizing congressionalapp winners and coding masters ethan davis and bennett somerville s abcp…
looking forward to speaking with  drphil and  robin_mcgraw about the effect the opioid epidemic is having on our ch…
join  housejuddems tomorrow for a hearing on net neutrality 
rt  cnnnewsroom   if your intent is to obstruct this investigation  this is all the things you d want to do  says democratic rep  mike quig…
the top 1% in louisiana will receive 32% of the tax breaks in the g o p tax bill
does your daca expire between now & march 5  2018  submit your renewal application before october 5  2017 asap →…
james shaw jr  s bravery saved lives  people should have a right to never encounter a weapon of war  whether they r…
my thoughts and prayers are with the family and friends of  dallaspd officer rogelio santander  let s continue to p…
heartbroken to lose a friend and colleague today  louise slaughter brought so much joy and hope to congress and our…
just speaking w/ ms  marchi s spanish class about my work in congress  so encouraging to meet w/ young people who…
nothing like this should even be possible  unfortunately  it s an everyday thing   erika s insurer  unitedhealthcar…
rt  davidcicilline  new  my letter to the senate foreign relations committee asking them to reject mike pompeo s secretary of state nominat…
rt  jessicaholmesnc  ribbon cutting at pennington grove w/ fellow affordable housing advocate  repdavideprice we celebrate  dhicinc and wel…
from my family to yours  merry christmas  wishing everyone a safe and happy holiday 
may is military appreciation month  a time to celebrate our men and women in uniform and honor their sacrifice  i w…
rt  andrearberger  icymi  earlier in the week the house armed services committee passed an amendment to the national defense authorization…
rt  wgbhnews    reprichardneal   the threat to bring about a government shutdown was superseded by the fact that many in the house thought…
i know the aca is not perfect  but repeal-and-replace was never a viable option  i m ready to work with my colleagu…
 march4livesnyc you can always count on me in the fight to end gun violence  never again
a mind to work  
my district office is having mobile office hours on wednesday  april 18  at the heritage park senior facility  stop…
this morning i joined lake county opioid initiative  01moreis01less to share an update on federal efforts to addres…
rt  housedemocrats  7 000 children have lost their lives to gun violence since sandy hook  how many more must we lose before congress takes…
rt  usparalympics  team u s a is heading to the gold medal game  👏 🇺🇸
no  we won t entertain a  president for life   we won t pull the license of tv stations we don t like  we won t jai…
rt  muskywatershed  last stop for c d r w hill day 2018  alan hunt and the  delrivcoalition thanked representative gottheimer for support of th…
 epascottpruitt needs to be open with the american people and congress about the changes he s making at  epa  his…
the  deficit hawks  are squawking on the hill today over their balanced budget amendment  republicans rushed the…
great work by our friends up in  kingcountywa  who are taking action to save our sound and stop stormwater pollution…
rt  antitrustcaucus  today  economic power  wealth  and opportunity are becoming concentrated in fewer and fewer hands 
rt  anaheimfire   orangeunifiedca all other schools in orange unified school district will remain open tomorrow  pls reference  orangeunifi…
i sat down with  quorumanalytics to discuss the inspiring new levels of civic engagement we have seen in contra cos…
rt  repadamschiff  some time ago  republicans on our committee released a declassified memo that omitted and distorted key facts in order t…
team castro joined in celebrating the  northropgrumman corporation as they expand their presence in san antonio wit…
your daily  epascottpruitt scandal  pruitt allowed a lobbyist to arrange an official lavish trip to morocco  and mo…
tax day is april 17  join my office for a free tax preparation workshop this saturday  april 7 from 10 a m  to 2 p …
   and pompeo s record demonstrates no evidence he could temper president trump s most dangerous whims  restore u s…
rep  jared moskowitz   jaredemoskowitz  graduated from msdhs in 1999  he said   my teacher s daughter was killed [i…
 dcherring  truefactsstated  karebearscare  kamalaharris  adamschiffca  sensherrodbrown  senbooker all good  i mean…
great conversation today  thank you for your service and stopping by my office today 
we ll closely monitor any developments and as i said here  i m ready to take any and all action necessary to defend…
rt  kamalaharris  rt to spread the word  human chain at the u s  capitol tomorrow at 5 p m  et  i ll be there  tell your friends  tell your…
another productive discussion hosted by our bipartisan heroin task force  today s topic  successful treatment strat…
👀 what s happening this week in the u s  house - i m fighting to rein in exorbitant baggage fees & make travel more…
this is why we  housebluedogs endorsed two bills by  repjimcooper to stop gerrymandering & reveal the secret redist…
rt  cityoffontanaca  tomorrow  april 7  at 8 am is the start of summer camp online registration for residents  be sure to create an online…
body cameras improve public interactions  de-escalate conflicts  and increase trust in law enforcement  although bo…
thread  when i saw this out-of-touch tweet  i thought about the people i ve met during my quest to raise the wage   …
dr  reese is an american hero  whose work as an educator  pastor  and civil rights activist will never be forgotten…
rt  housedemocrats    repdonbeyer  va-08    repbonamici  or-01    repsarbanes  md-03    repcarbajal  ca-24   and  repmceachin  va-04  held…
rex tillerson now joins at least 19 other top administration officials fired or resigned since potus took office –…
putin s choice to expel diplomats/close the u s  consulate in st  p burg is unfortunate - let s be resolved with ou…
thank you  bob  doc  protzman  for your dedication to our san joaquin valley veterans & their families  whether it…
rt  housedemocrats  house democrats are unveiling legislation to protect hardworking americans against abusive anti-competitive employment…
rt  mekawill_  eagle pride  nccu 
such an impressive group of students from  utsystem and  tamu  thanks for the great conversation and ideas about ho…
republicans  wrong choice act will drag americans back to the depths of the financial crisis  we will fight them 
just left the pentagon where i met with rich hartley about the importance of the la air force base  it is the brain…
happy 130th birthday  lady liberty  i will work to ensure our nation is diverse & inclusive for all statue of liberty
we must examine safety record of allegiant air  after scathing expose on 60 minutes  where is faa  dot  ntsb  and c…
rt  transportdems  privatizing our air traffic control system would dismantle the largest & safest aviation system in the world  dont priva…
on  iwd2018  & throughout womens history month  we celebrate the extraordinary achievements women have made worldwide…
happy may day  the 8 hour workday  weekends  and the abolition of child labor were all hard won victories by the la…
big lesson from the deepwater disaster oil spill 8 years ago  offshore drilling is not worth it  states don t wan…
clean water is a human right  the flint water crisis is still unresolved  four years later  that s unacceptable  co…
today  we celebrate the life and legacy of dr  martin luther king jr   who was taken from us too soon  however  nothi…
joined  davidgura to discuss the upcoming north korea summit and the shameful comments from the white house about s…
our community is proud to name a street after judge constance baker motley  trailblazer & champion of justice 
nita m  lowey of new york  the house appropriations committee s top democrat  called the fiscal 2019 proposal worse…
today s success reminds us that diplomacy works  and it underscores the importance of having a functioning state de…
i know families are sitting around their kitchen tables this tax season and are trying to figure out how to make en…
rt  nickvaugh  a committed advocate for promoting & protecting american free enterprise and economic prosperity in nj & across the nation …
reminder  i will be hosting an information forum about the new tax law  come to grossmont college tomorrow with yo…
up at bat for the  cfpb 💪🏾 there s no question that the  cfpb has provided relief for 29 million consumers who hav…
53 years ago today  we were beaten  tear gassed  trampled by horses  and left bloody on the bridge in selma  on thi…
this dayof silence  let us reflect on the bullying & discrimination faced by  lgbtq  young people around the world &…
lady justice for the win 
introducing safe coast act with  repbarragan &  repdavideprice to preserve post-deepwater horizon offshore safety r…
recordatorio  invito a los dueños de negocios y restaurantes a asistir a nuestro ultimo taller dhs/ice image i-9 en…
happy national agriculture day  today we recognize the critical role american farms play in feeding our country and…
-undermining health care -cutting student loans -weakening the standard of living the trump budget is just an…
to sumter central high school s 2018 graduating class and co-valedictorians xavier turner and margi patel  never st…
amazing gun violence forum organized by our young people  inspirational  end gun violence enough is enough
the judges are gearing up for this year s congressional art competition  there are over 200 pieces of art  i will…
lobbyists and washington  consultants  should not have this level of access to our government officials and they de…
not surprisingly  my amendment to prevent throwing live animals from aircraft was blocked by the same folks who sup…
rt  homelanddems  icymi - ranking members  benniegthompson &  repjerrynadler call our trump administration report vilifying immigrants
robert mueller is an experienced public servant who has led a diligent investigation absent of political bias  as…
rt  repcohen  i joined  wolfblitzer on  cnn to discuss trump s move to pardon scooter libby&the signal that sends to trump confidants  new…
it was great to speak at  uofstfrancis today with  senatordurbin  net neutrality is so important for the free excha…
need health coverage  open enrollment deadline is december 15th  only 6 days away  find an affordable plan &…
i had a productive meeting with l a  county supervisor  sheilakuehl and  lacosheriff jim mcdonnell where we discuss…
thank you  mayortommenino for your years of service to the people of boston  you have made a measurable difference in the lives of so many 
raymond carver is one of my all-time favorite short story writers — not just because he once lived in el paso and t…
bashar al-assad s chemical weapons attack against his own people merited a strong international response — these at…
today  on national down syndrome day  i am especially proud to serve as a co-chair of the congressional task force on…
a record breaking  1t in dividends and stock buybacks go to show how the g o p tax scam was a massive giveaway to corp…
i look forward to taking your calls at 8 30am et  live on  cspanwj grab a cup of ☕️ and tune in 
 jacksonleetx18 saluting  cecilerichards for her many years of service at  ppfa  thank you for your steadfast leade…
rt  kylegriffin1  trump in september 2016   the mob takes the fifth  if you re innocent  why are you taking the fifth amendment  
my staff hold mobile office hours in communities all throughout  az01   see a full list of upcoming mobile offices n…
as students at stoneman douglas head back to school today  i ll be holding a gunsafety roundtable in south jersey…
still here waiting for  realdonaldtrump to come up with a better deal that includes d r e a mers  community health centers  and our military 
rt  bnaibrith    repeliotengel receives the b nai b rith international excellence in public service award  presented by b nai b rith presid…
thank you to the 43 south jersey students who enlisted in the u s  armed forces  at the  our community salutes  eve…
rt  repdwightevans  one of the top things that make families want to lay their roots in a neighborhood is quality schools  that s why the 1…
the democratic party believes that if you fall on hard times individually  you deserve a helping hand to stay alive…
really looking forward to tonight s  seanhannity 
  replawrence  we will not stop until all of the chibok girls are back home  4 years too long 
rt  jaxalliance  standing room only for today s small business committee field hearing with  repallawsonjr and rep   kycomer at jax chamber…
if the trump admin  fails to renew tps protections for hondurans  parents will be torn from their children  many of…
rt  mikewferguson  leah west  staff member for u s  congressman darren soto   repdarrensoto  and wife of the vice mayor  is inviting commis…
i introduced the climate change education act to combat misconceptions about human-induced climate change  it s tim…
america was built by people s hard work and perseverance  not their resumes  our diversity is a strength not a weak…
rt  housedemocrats    repcartwright  pa-17  spoke to constituents at a town hall about health care  the opioid epidemic  and veterans issue…
whether you re a fan of late inning slugging percentage or echolocation  happy bat appreciation day
tbt for womens history month  whm2018  -- meeting with  malala about the importance of u s  support for girls  educa…
companies like  driveit_gym are going to help us be competitive in a fierce  fierce global economy  i was thrilled…
rt  cheddar  congressman  repgutierrez is sending a formal letter to the sec requesting a federal investigation into carl icahn for insider…
rt  thehill  politicians demand public apology from the white house over trump aide s comments mocking  dying  mccain
house republicans have sunk to a new low  firing the house chaplain because  like pope francis  he cares about poor people too much 
but congress must listen to the thousands of students who spoke up on national walkout day and pass commonsense acti…
black history month allows us to learn about and celebrate the contributions made by african americans in the commun…
rt  arizonadot  detour for sr 87 closure at mp 290-312  take i-17 nb to i-40 eb  aztraffic
nevada women make on average 81 cents for every dollar a man makes -- and this gap is even wider for women of color…
rt  aflcio  more than half of the facebook ads created by the kremlin-backed internet research agency to influence americans during and aft…
economic health of florida is directly tied to environmental protection  clean water clean energy solar are our f…
rt  connectednation    repannaeshoo wants  ntiagov to take a lead on outreach to communities for how they can access grant opportunities t…
in today s digital age  fair  open  and equal access to the internet is not only essential to upholding our democra…
investing in our children s future is so important - happy to see the omnibus increases childcare grants by  2 37…
please read my op-ed on gun violence and prevention  the youth of america want change  and they won t be ignored  t…
over 90% of gun owners support expanding background checks  time for responsible gun owners to out shout the gun lobby 
rt  nmaahc   otd  in 1960  ruby bridges became the first african american to integrate an all-white elementary school in the south  at willi…
i m disappointed to see  potus  use these hard-working young people as bargaining chips for his expensive & offensiv…
as  potus looks into the gallery tonight  i hope he locks eyes w/ my  sotu  guest  ms  charmion polk - a retired…
opioid abuse often starts at home  if you re not using a medication anymore  throw it out  but please do so respon…
3 things you can do to make our community better this week 
facts are facts  i have always focused on putting the security and economic interests of nebraska families ahead of…
after 46 yrs in office  it s going to be strange when new congress takes over & i m not among the members   
a wonderful moment  proud to be able to share it with nelson  who s living a great american story 
 saragideon thank you 
help me raise the wage join the fight for economicjustice
the tax bill should be a reflection of the needs of the average american  instead  the g o p tax scam ensures that the…
missed me in new york  i will be at politics and prose bookstore in washington d c  discussing big guns on monday a…
i was honored to join the  fight for economic equality  session at the brussels forum with  gmfus  i am so glad to…
a better deal means better jobs  better wages  and a better future  that s what congress should be fighting for 
i m ready to get to work as the new ranking member of the house natural resources committee s subcommittee on india…
rt  ppglobe   this move sends a clear and unambiguous message  this administration believes that some human rights violations don t matter …
rt  sbcityoes  if you have any questions regarding the storm we have set up a information hotline for the cityof santa barbara  the number i…
rt  keepyourhomeca  central  ca  coast resident mark a  says  i m not sure what we would do without   keepyourhomeca  the free mortgage-as…
to everyone celebrating in  ne02   shanah tovah u metukah  i hope you and your family have a prosperous new year  rosh hashanah
we are here to serve sacramento county residents & help with your questions  with everything happening in dc right…
count me among the 61% of americans who believe our political system needs  significant changes   that s why i m wo…
earlier this month  when i had the opportunity to participate in a seder organized in the capitol by  mazonusa  a j…
with just 5 days to election day  we need your help  join us to knock on doors  call voters   get out the vote   ca26 
the tenth district was out and about this weekend at races and walks to support great organizations working in our…
glad to spend time tonight with friends at  hslegfund  proud to have a 100% rating for my record on animal welfare…
submissions for my 2018 congressional art competition are due to my san pedro district office by 5pm this friday  a…
right now  you can still apply to renew your  daca   if you meet the requirements to apply for daca renewal  you sho…
we re kicking off our madein i l10 tour this week to visit and hear from manufacturers and job creators across our d…
lake michigan is a part of our everyday lives  we run along it  swim in it and enjoy all it has to offer – but did…
rt  repvaldemings  we cannot celebrate american history without celebrating black history  black history month photo  rev  c k  steele ta…
standing with the students affected by last week s tragedy in parkland  they have truly inspired me  this is a mov…
as epa administrator flies around the country in first class  the trump administration s budget ignores…
rt  housedemocrats  happy national park week  our public lands are some of america s greatest treasures  and we re working to preserve them…
never count out an illinois team  great game  ramblersmbb  now on to the final four 
proud to be a rambler  way to go  loyola  🐺
yesterday i attended tristian hutchins funeral  the 8-year-old victim of a senseless drive-by shooting in houston …
a packed room for our government contracting for small business seminar this afternoon in highland park …
 chakafattah fattah moment in congress/ bill passed this week   6 3 billion health innovation  here our work on thi…
to pay for tax breaks for the wealthiest one percent  the g o p tax scam will cause everyone else s health insurance p…
 sirhenel  sengillibrand  senschumer  repchriscollins  nfta has engineers designing baggage upgrade now   faanews-f…
when you get a statement from your credit card company  any action you need to take is stated clearly at the top of…
thank you farm bureau pac for endorsing my re-election campaign for  mn07  and showing your support  it is great to have you on board
in the age of me too  more workers are coming forward with harrowing stories of sexual harassment  yet the  useeoc…
i applaud the port authority for taking much-needed steps to increase minority  woman-owned  and small business par…
roy moore is a liar  a pedophile  a sex predator  and apparently trump s kind of senator  he claims not to know any…
glad to meet with  culct and ct s credit unions on the issues that are important to their members 
donald trump at prayer breakfast   i will   allow our representatives of faith to speak freely and without fear of…
rt  marcuswargin  congressman dan lipinski came to olchs today to participate in a town hall hosted by students adam osmani and alexia mcgl…
rt  philly311  ☀️ 👀 it s been a lovely past few weeks in philadelphia  let s keep our city beautiful by not putting posters on public poles…
rt  oversightdems    repcummings  the trump admin s stated rationale for adding this question is that they want to protect the rights of vo…
as always  barbara bush is a comfort to her friends & family teaching us all how to live full of faith  love & humo…
unfortunately  tonight s town hall at pomperaug high school in southbury has been postponed  be sure to check back…
delighted to visit with the american latin travel agents  alta  usa today in washington  happy birthday to dulce de…
tonight at sundown we gather with family and friends to celebrate the beginning of passover  from my family to you…
this is terrific news for our community and state   massmutual has made its home in springfield for nearly 170 yea…
iycmi  my remarks during today s full fsc hearing on the equifax data breach  calling for investigations by doj …
from earlier  preparing for today s hearing on data privacy with facebook ceo mark zuckerberg  given the chance …
 repryancostello nys is a national leader in reporting dv records  & our bill will help get that same level of comm…
hurricane maria devastated puerto rico  killing hundreds  destroying countless homes & wiping out power…
i am proud to join people of goodwill across the globe in celebrating the life and legacy of the honorable dr  mar…
great to see  naftalibennett at  aipac this week  and discuss strengthing the u s -israeli relationship and prevent…
this morning i joined my friend  hurdonthehill on  facethenation to talk about the u s aact  our bipartisan bill to…
  housegop wants to dismantle  aca  & destroy medicare  medicaid and social security  millions will be impacted  make america sick again
the  housegop taxscam will lavish  17b in tax breaks for millionaires  who s paying for them  the rest of us 
pres  trump s muslim ban runs counter to our constitution & values as americans  nat l security experts have warned…
rt  officialcbc  cbc chairman  reprichmond and members speak at the bipartisan 200th birthday celebration of frederick douglass 
rt  nijc   everyone should be able to agree on the importance of providing dignity & comfort to pregnant women  that is why the two of us a…
read   this is beyond embarrassing that the republican-controlled congress cannot perform the one job that the amer…
one year ago  the world learned about the brutal anti-lgbt persecution ordered by putin s allies in chechnya  we ar…
adding a citizenship question to the 2020 census would only decrease participation & waste millions of dollars  we…
reminder  you can find a number of state resources on ct s emergency preparedness portal  stay safe  folks 
today we mark the first day of womens history month  a time to recognize the many women who have won progress in our…
this goes beyond policy  remarkably  scott pruitt has also managed to disqualify himself for his role in another wa…
glad to be celebrating womens history month  diversity and gender equity during a fireside chat with  visanews emplo…
happy to announce with my colleagues  nitalowey and  repseanmaloney  3 6 million in new federal funds for buses in…
 ericacbarnett  neal_mcnamara  chinrichsen_su  cmkshama you have no idea how often i hear and see this  it s just remarkable 
rt  repebj  dallas strong the house of representatives stood w/ the people of dallas today on the floor of the  uscapitol
protecting our communities begins with bipartisan leadership and support  we have to do more to ensure violent acts…
no one with well-documented ties to white nationalism like steve bannon should be working in the white house  no hatein white house
ty to  teamrubicon for bringing its inspiring story of support  community building for america s vets to  uscapitol
truly  history will record that she gave her last full measure of devotion to our nation and liberty s cause  we bo…
i don t have all the answers to gunviolence and gunsafety  but i want to figure it out and i want to do it with y…
rt  hispaniccaucus    speakerryan  the overwhelming majority of americans wants us to pass a bill that permanently protects dreamers …
we should not be using taxpayer money to deceive women  these  crisis pregnancy centers  should be ended  we should…
rt  repcohen  april 19  1943 nazi forces began liquidating the jewish ghetto in warsaw  poland 75 years later as we honor jews who fought…
meanwhile  state of good repair backlog of our nation s rail & bus transit systems continues to grow  2 5 billion every single year  2/
  epascottpruitt  let me remind you the law requires that the delay of a regulation or issuance of a new rule be ba…
legislation is always better when republicans and democrats negotiate together  this bill – as well as last month s…
h res  630 passed the house today  it requires members of congress and staff to complete mandatory sexual harassmen…
thank you  jeffreytambor for speaking out and standing up for more trans people in film/hollywood  more exposure=more acceptance=progress 
rt  em_myron    minutemannps commemorates the site where the first battle of the american revolutionary war began  lwcf funding protects ke…
see my statement with my colleagues  reps  kildee  dingell  and lawrence regarding our no vote on the continuing re…
rt  repstephmurphy  the students of marjory stoneman douglas returned to class today for the first time since the parkland shooting  what…
medicare & medicaid have been keeping us healthy for 50 yrs  rt if you agree that congress should strengthen medicare medicaid50
proud to join the brave students participating in the national school walkout today in dc and on the central coast …
today on the floor  the house will consider eight bills  including legislation to improve communication and collabo…
  realdonaldtrump has already taken multiple actions to impede the mueller investigation such as firing fbi directo…
more on how the g o p budget harms families ↓
rt  housebluedogs  this news should serve as a wake-up call for washington to the reality that our rising debt & deficit put the future of…
thank you to everyone who participated in the 2018 congressional art competition  your creativity is truly inspirin…
rt  jackjacksonjr  on behalf of  repohalleran  i m in beautiful flagstaff  az attending the arizona state transportation board meeting and…
today   senatordole was presented with the congressional gold medal  bob graduated from the officer candidate schoo…
rt  oversightdems  breaking  gao adds security clearance process to urgent list of  high risk  programs 
as much as i enjoy seeing these cheering children  it occurs to me that these are not images from some other countr…
rt  wcbs880  rep   frankpallone tells  mikewallacewcbs the supreme court ruling in favor of sports betting is a  huge win  for new jersey …
thank you to the members of my 4 advisory councils for meeting with me today to discuss some of the major concerns…
trump knows he s not supposed to interfere with doj & fbi  but that makes him  sad   so he continues to do it anywa…
 to every politician who is taking money from the nra  shame on you   -  emma4change  nraam 
some positive news in the middle east  brave iranians taking to the streets to protest their oppressive government …
friday  el paso high school  two town halls  eager to hear what s on your mind and answer any questions you have  h…
i m thrilled to once again have the support of the  sierraclub to continue giving the people of south florida a pro…
gerrymandering strips power from voters  neutralizing their voices by rigging the system  but i m working with…
heading to foxboro & wrentham for our next tour34 office hours  times and locations below - see you there  - boy…
proud to be joined by my colleagues  repstevechabot   repsinema  &  reproberthurt in support of  halos  act for smallbusiness & startup
the farm bill will be marked up today  it includes disastrous cuts to conservation programs  changes to food assist…
westchester bus system gets  3 6 million federal grant |  westfaironline 🚌
 katimwilkins absolutely  check out my twitter feed floor speech on dna yesterday  cutting…
four trump subsidiaries have gone bankrupt  or is it six  and all exactly the same way  borrowing more than they co…
a phenomenal team at our chamber  let s do this 
water is life  and when you shut people off from clean water  you shut them off from life  we are a wealthy nation…
rt  vetaffairsdems    realdonaldtrump has allowed the  deptvetaffairs  our country s largest healthcare system and the agency tasked with p…
puerto rico is the worst victim of discrimination today   sotu  puerto rico relief
climatechange is adversely affecting our health and this will worsen if we do not act now 
jennifer riordan s loss will be felt deeply across our state  her philanthropy  leadership & love for her community…
may is national foster care month  as a proud member of the congressional caucus on foster youth  i m committed to…
rt  sruhle  dear  realdonaldtrump- 👇
great to see the next generation of leaders fighting for change 
sec  devos  recent comments sound like they were crafted to absolve president trump & gop leaders in congress from…
rt  tinderfireinfo  limited fire activity today gives firefighters a chance to help secure critical areas tinder fi…
during womens history month we celebrate inspiring women like margaret hamilton  who developed on-board flight softw…
upcoming town halls  monday  april 2nd  i ll be at the darlington municipal building in darlington from 12 30 – 1 3…
congratulations to  mayorcovington of university park on being named to  essence s woke100  i couldn t be prouder…
the corruption within the white house is inexcusable and a danger to the american people  jared kushner is a prime…
republicans pushed a tax law that overwhelmingly benefits the wealthy & corporations  while blowing up the deficit …
rt  maziehirono  i grew up on a rice farm in rural japan  when i arrived in hawaii  i didn t speak a word of english  john kelly  you don t…
as the ranking member of the space subcommittee  it s wonderful to see so many young people interested in nasa  we…
questioning fda commissioner gottlieb today   approps hearing about requiring  added sugar  labeling on maple syrup…
proud to stand with  robrolison this afternoon to announce a bill to ensure people in affordable housing are re-hou…
by withdrawing from the jcpoa without an articulated go forward strategy to work with the international community t…
a mind to work  
rt  repwilson  it was a great pleasure to join forces this week with  repallawsonjr and  repnealdunn to help boost our state s top economic…
promesa  como cualquier producto de un acuerdo bipartidista  no es perfecta 
to the families of fallen peace officers from colorado  thank you for allowing your loved one to protect our loved…
thanks for the important reminder  hey  senategop  senatemajldr  bipartisan bill by  repspeier re sexual harassment…
breaking  gop just shut down house intel investigation  leaving questions unanswered  leads unexplored  countless w…
spoke to professors at  utrgv this morning who are conducting research into the zika virus  a pressing issue of tx-…
as we have been saying for years  daca is legal  period  punto  full stop  always has been  claiming it was illegal…
it s small business week  and i couldn t be more proud to recognize the companies that make cities and towns in  ma6… 
planting a tree today with 2nd grade students from view ridge elementary school to celebrate earth day  outdoor cla…
 repalgreen says  we must  bbog  and never let this happen again 
a3  i have and will continue to work against this administration s efforts on this issue every step of the way  i q…
we need clarity in leadership & coordinated field relief efforts so puerto rico can recover  more from  blrshepherd 
don t be misled  trump and republicans gave billionaires and their corporations a massive tax cut while the rest of…
my heart is heavy this morning with news of the las vegas mass shooting  praying for all of the innocent victims of this senseless tragedy 
we mourn the 6 million jews & thousands of other persecuted individuals whose lives were lost to hatred & indiffere…
rt  sarahkendzior  this  guardian article is important  horrifying and way too vague  * which  aides to donald trump   * which  israeli pr…
rep  cicilline is hosting a facebook live town hall at 4 30pm  tune in to watch here 
getting ready to head to a veterans affairs hearing to talk about how we can work together to put an end to veteran…
investment in education is investment in our future  for too long we have neglected education funding throughout th…
we remember the victims of the holocaust  including the millions of jewish men  women  and children who were massac…
president trump s plan to allow drilling off california s beaches could do irreparable damage  this week i joined w…
2  the ndaa includes the language of my microloan modernization act  which helps entrepreneurs obtain low-interest…
rt  keithellison   passantino ironic that michelle wolf is catching criticism for her comedy performance at the whcd  at least her jabs wer…
congratulations to the florida state seminoles on a great victory over xavier 75-70 to advance to the sweet 16 for…
in honor of speaker ryan s announcement  here s a sneak peak at page 189 of big guns  which will be released in 6 d…
no question the fed gov must fully fund efforts to combat zika  without it  counties have to fight it on their own 
a year of trump  • 3 2 million americans lost health coverage 🏥❌ • a g o p tax scam that makes the american dream hard…
i m joining  brikeilarcnn on  cnnsitroom today at 3 pm pt/6 pm et to discuss rudy giuliani s statements regarding p…
rt  cmarinucci  == ca s  repbarragan makes politico power list  18 women to watch in 2018
happy birthday  peacecorps  since president kennedy created the peace corps in 1961  over 180 000 americans have…
the u s  office of science & technology policy  ostp  has lost more than half of its staff since the start of this…
pandering to the practices of industry companies while failing to enforce key air pollution standards for the ameri…
rt  eleanornorton  congratulations   repbarbaralee  who has fought tirelessly with me to defend reprorights of dc women  each year  she in…
putting nearly 1 million children at risk of homelessness – many in single-mother households – is a new low for thi…
rt  repmarciafudge  my thoughts and prayers goes out to all involved with the tragic train crash involving my republican colleagues 
after last night and the weekend ahead   so much to talk about the future of our country 
rt  borderalliance  great to join  mayorpetesaenz and  repcuellar for another edition of laredo day in washington  appreciate the leadershi…
house republicans say the g o p farm bill doesn t cut  snap   that s not true – cuts  9 2 billion in benefits to create…
i will continue fighting to protect students across our country 
this is outrageous  trump is now pushing a rent hike for 1 7 million people in poverty right after giving a massiv…
happy 198th birthday to the greatest state i know  mepolitics
rt  thehill  ex-trump campaign aide working with putin-linked firm to lift us sanctions  report
right now  you can still apply to renew your daca  if you meet the requirements to apply for daca renewal  you shou…
team kind is holding open office hours in the 3rd district  find your county & come out to share your thoughts 
game on
i shared some thoughts with  wired on developing an internet bill of rights to protect users  data and privacy  the…
rt  jm_lr   piptwitteando  juandalmau2016  denismarquezpip  nelsonadenis  carmenyulincruz  fuegocruzado_pr  ppdsoberanistas  manuelnatal  a…
on mother s day  we celebrate those who are the first to welcome us into the world  mothers are our first role mod…
rt  repbeatty  this just in   realdonaldtrump wants to decide what food snap recipients will get  read more -&gt 
closing the skills gap in manufacturing is critical to maintaining our global competitiveness and sustaining high p…
making financial literacy fun  f l hill day2018
meeting with our marines at  mcasmiramarca  heard about military readiness challenges & aging f-18 fleet
while we are still grappling with the troubling results of tuesday s presidential election  our work remains 
happy to see my friend  stevescalise doing well and back on the house floor
rt  milakoumpilova  eight members of mn s congressional delegation -  amyklobuchar  sentinasmith  keithellison  bettymccollum04  ricknolan…
proud to support this important effort 
thx to the gerke&houser families for hosting the la crosse co  dairy breakfast-tawni & i enjoyed getting our fill o…
this a a p i month  we honor the contributions of the asian american and pacific islander communities in  nyc  and thro…
disarm - not just the name of a 1993 hit from the  smashingpumpkin s  it s also the name of a bill that aims to kic…
rt  jaybuz24    repallawsonjr on food insecurity in america   we are the richest country in the world  it just shouldn t happen   in six of…
this court decision is only a temporary victory  we still need a permanent solution to protect d r e a mers …
scott pruitt should resign because he s attacking the environment  rather than protecting it  and he s violating a…
i could not  in good conscience  vote for an faa reauthorization bill which attacks labor standards and does not de…
rt  alexckaufman  in his opening statement  the ranking democrat   reppaultonko  laments pruitt s politicization of science   i am troubl…
rt  defendourfuture  breaking  62 members of congress from  hispaniccaucus   officialcbc and  capac speak out against proposed cuts to the…
most americans have to file their taxes this week  and every modern president has released his tax returns  but…
i hope to see you on may 14th at my town hall in albany as i give an update on my work in congress  spread the word…
it s tax day  if you need help filing for free call 2-1-1 to see if you qualify   oh 
congratulations to lucas  david  kenneth  and jon  the creators of c s swiss army app  pa s 1st district s congress…
update  a lobbyist helped organize  epascottpruitt s highly unusual morocco trip last year and got a job out of it…
rt  cnnpolitics  house democrats call for the fbi to probe jared kushner s ties to the saudi crown prince
rt  housedemocrats  happy mothers day to all the moms out there who do everything they can for their families  you are strong  you are brav…
trump routinely refuses to hold russia accountable for its actions  it s time to push back on russia for enabling s…
rt  housedemocrats    replindasanchez  if americans can t trust republicans to keep the lights on  how can we trust them to do anything els…
reminder  join me tomorrow evening in joliet for a discussion about identity theft and data security 
senate trumpcare guts essential health benefits and protections for pre-existing conditions  no more coverage for…
if you ve been following me on twitter  you know that i m voting against the  gop rx for disaster health plan 
trump s announcement       boehner  our longtime opponent  joining a cannabis company       movement on the ground—…
i and 63 of my colleagues in the house demanded that president trump boot pruitt  his unethical behavior  waste of…
  ascetweets estimates w status quo funding from 2016-25  us households will lose  3 400 each yr in income due to poor transp infrast  2/
they also told me that they would like to form a union  and to join  transportworker   i support their efforts  i b…
dr  martin luther king  jr  was an impassioned freedom fighter  drum major for justice & real-life hero  may the wo…
john lewis honored by liberty hill with their upton sinclair award    well deserved    
rt  oversightdems  complying with the united states consitution is not an optional exercise  but a requirement for serving as our nation s…
rt  aclu  today is black womens equal pay day  when black women s pay finally catches up to what white men made in 2016 
nicely done  tblightning ⚡️⚡️⚡️ go bolts tampa bay
new york continues to lead the way on combating gun violence  now congress must do the same  end gun violence…
i m glad to welcome rep  conor lamb  pa-18  to the u s  house  rep  lamb said he believed his constituents maintain…
and a nation of admirers  for his service  bipartisanship  and bravery 
the ag cmte marked up the 2018 farm bill  a bill that has a huge impact on millions of americans  unfortunately  thi…
rt  yarbro  even the president is saying our ballots need to have a paper trail to secure elections  fewer than 20% of tennessee precincts…
rt  housenewdems  new dems said it once and we ll say it again  if china retaliates against the recent tariffs  main street small business…
instead   edgov should work with ihes in puerto rico and usvi to help them access these funds and make the applicat…
since my time in the state legislature and now in congress  i ve been a fierce advocate for closing the gender wage…
on tuesday i announced that i invited  potus &  abeshinzo to pearl harbor75  this came after potus announced his visit to hiroshima
on friday  rep  mike bishop  r-mich   and i introduced a bill that would prohibit usda from using cats in any resea…
the future is hopeful for the chibok girls who ve been released  don t stop fighting for the 112 still held by…
republicans wouldn t pass a prohibition on bump stocks  they let the assault weapons ban expire  they refuse to mov…
on equal pay day  we acknowledge the inequality and abuse that women continue to face in the economy  as one of 94 c…
  housegop s farm bill would cut free school meals for 265 000 children across the country  it is shameful to rob o…
i am proud to cosponsor  repjerrynadler s resolutionof inquiry h res111  we demand answers to the questions about trump s ties to russia 
remembering and honoring the life of  afthunderbirds airman and fighter pilot  maj  stephen  cajun  del bagno  our…
look  if we re going to spend half a billion dollars to blow up three empty buildings  could we have some skein of…
it was a real pleasure for me to attend the celebration of the opening of the national museum of african american   
our community health centers have demonstrated time and time again that if properly funded by congress they can mee…
my heart is just broken for the families of parkland  this community joins the growing list of those devastated by…
today i met with jay gordon  a 7th generation elma dairy farmer  and his neighbors  when washington  dc isn t worki…
it s national work zone safety awareness week  our  delawaredot workers and contractors work alongside traffic every…
rt  reploisfrankel  equal pay day recognizes that women must work 3 extra months just to earn the same pay as men  closing the gender wage ga…
killings in gaza are completely unacceptable & unjustified  and they must stop now 
today   housejuddems are introducing companion legislation to  senthomtillis  chriscoons  senbooker…
the administration s decision to dismantle the cfpb s office that protects student borrowers from fraud reflects th…
we should expect more content like this all over the country  even here in los angeles  if the doj approves the sin…
democracy takes hard work on a bipartisan basis  unfortunately house gop passed their version of farmbill – written…
great meeting with the  jtafla to discuss funding for the first coast flyer sw route  this is the final step on the…
this is great news for young women  health care should be based in facts  not politics 
interested in attending a u s  service academy  join us tuesday  april 17 for information night  learn more →…
rt  leonardkl  ahead of mothers day   reprobinkelly introduces bill to turn back the tide of maternal mortality in the u s 
soon  i ll join leader  nancypelosi and other colleagues to discuss the iran deal 
rt  repdebdingell  this tax day is also a bitter reminder that tax cuts don t pay for themselves  the gop tax law paves the way for future…
today  housegop refused to address the price of prescription drugs  meanwhile  americans continue to suffer under c…
due to two federal court injunctions  uscis is still accepting renewal applications  uscis recommends 90 to 120 day…
community health centers like the gardner clinic in san jose are a critical part of our health care system  providi…
wonderful to see so much star power at the girls on the run 5k keep up the awesome work  girls 
rt  teampelosi  retweet if you agree  we must **end** the uncertainty right now  right away  and do all we can to protect d r e a mers  they ar…
here s a little story about the g o p tax scam 
symbolic and transforming  let s hope this is a trend and saudi arabia realizes there is strength in full equality 
on the 50th anniversary of dr  king s assassination  let us honor his legacy as a drum major for justice  peace and…
to recap my interview with  alexwitt  1  the intel  committee must release its interview transcripts 2  trump s 3-…
last march  i introduced my bipartisan hold congress accountable act which would reduce the salary of members of co…
rt  repdankildee    speakerryan should just come clean and admit his billionaires first tax plan is a windfall for the rich  not one penny h…
rt  repkihuen  trump s attack on  daca  dishonors our values  i was undocumented once  now  i m fighting to protect d r e a mers & pass the drea…
when workers have a voice  it leads to a better workplace - shame on  betsydevosed betsy de vos for trying to take…
the flint water crisis epitomized what is actually a nation-wide crisis and federal investment in water infrastructu…
rt  rebeccavallas  great convo with  repbrochester about why she ran for congress -- and why she s taking on unlockingopportunity for peop…
icymi – this week s magic monday can help  realdonaldtrump and the white house staff learn how to stop their consta…
thanks to washington county residents for joining me at my townhall meeting in forest grove and asking thoughtful…
after years of playing games with our healthcare   realdonaldtrump &  housegop are now the direct cause of higher i…
last week  i was pleased to join  demwomencomal for their hispanic heritage month celebration  great to see so much…
rt  hrc  us army staff sgt  patricia king & marine corps veteran lynda bengtsson-davis are congressional guests of  repjoekennedy &  rephuf…
disgusted to learn of reports at a veterans home in yountville  ca  praying for a safe outcome for those involved 
president trump is master of  art of the fail   despite  potus  vows to save jobs  carrier laid off 215 more worker…
rt  cnntonight   i think donald trump is manifestly unfit to be the president of the united states   says rep  denny heck   he s not well-s…
this morning i helped deliver meals to seniors with the senior hub  their meals on wheels program delivers hot meal…
i look forward to working with my colleagues on bipartisan solutions to help the families who need it most  this c…
congress must put partisanship aside and pass a bipartisan bill that truly protects our seniors and prioritizes mid…
under last 2yrs of  gop  controlled house  there has been no legislation to lift ban on federally funded…
happy asian pacific american heritage month  during this time we celebrate & honor our country s  aapi  communities…
took to the house floor today to call attention to the 26 wildfires raging across oregon & the 100  more across the…
rt  hispaniccaucus  watch  today at 12 30pm et  the  hispaniccaucus will have a press conference on the mounting concerns with the trump ad…
great meeting with  mhaonline ceo bob atlas & jennifer witten this afternoon to learn more about the work the md ho…
my uncle walter is a  umich alum so our family is cheering for  umichbball for the national championship go blue hope it s a good game 
rt  repseanmaloney  it doesn t matter if you re from flint  newburgh  or hopewell junction – access to clean drinkingwater should be a ba…
the deadline to participate in open enrollment period for coverage in 2018 is fast approa…
 mmb  is back in 2018 and i m ready to join  spcaoftexas tomorrow from 10 am - 2 pm  if anyone is looking to adopt a…
happy founders  day   naacp  make history
rt  turkishembassy  thank you for standing with turkey  senpatroberts  senbobcorker  lisamurkowski  timkaine  repjohndelaney  lorettasanch…
tomorrow  we stand united on the east lawn of the us capitol to call on congress to declare lung cancer a national…
 epaoig we reached out once again to the epa s independent investigator  epaoig to verify that they were reviewing…
i m the lead sponsor of the bipartisan safe and affordable drugs from canada act  h r 1480    senjohnmccain has int…
ahead of our  energycommerce health subcommittee markup tomorrow  i ve introduced two pieces of legislation that wo…
 housebudgetdems report that the g o p budget will cut  1 3 trillion from medicaid &  500 billion from medicare    
it s quite symbolic that  potus chose to rescind dapa on the 5th anniversary of daca 
rt  reploisfrankel  equal pay day recognizes that women must work 3 extra months just to earn the same pay as men  closing the gender wage ga…
ramadan reminds us of the rich diversity of our nation  and of the many contributions that muslims have made to our…
 epascottpruitt s tenure  ✅ fundraisers with big oil and gas  ✅ secret meetings with political donors  ✅ hiding th…
we re now one day into the trump shutdown  a completely avoidable crisis  if  speakerryan and  senatemajldr mcconne…
want to understand what the trump shutdown means for american families  here s some info on what the last gop shutd…
and in a separate poll of members of congress  beto o rourke leads ted cruz 99% to 1%
on april 16th the  nysdot will hold a public meeting on their plan to construct a  20m  train station at the existi…
 austinscottga08 congratulations 
hr2809 makes important reforms for the remote sensing industry & helps set the standard for how to regulate space a…
rt  repmiketurner  yesterday  nikiinthehouse & i introduced the p e r s i s tagainst m s tact to combat sexual assault in the military   read  more …
rt  hurdonthehill  san antonio is 🏠 to  jbsa_official  nsa tx  80k  military & civilian pros  the dod s only level 1 trauma center & 2 va h…
while my democratic colleagues and i work for greater protections & services for student loan borrowers - 776 000 i…
agree that team u s a looked sharp during the pyeong chang2018 olympics opening ceremony   ralphlauren worked with…
 emmawoollacott can you direct message me an email address for you  thanks
rt  thehill  california vows to fight trump epa s  politically motivated  car emissions plan
rt  housebudgetdems    repjohnyarmuth opening statement at today s  uscbo oversight hearing
 realdonaldtrump every veteran across the nation expects you to fire this staffer immediately  disgraceful
the president s damaging decision paves the way to an iranian nuclear weapon and shatters u s  credibility around the world 
it s important if you ever run for office and lose that on election night you congratulate your opponent  thank you…
when a former campaign chair is indicted for illegally supporting a pro-russia regime  calls to end the russia investigation are premature 
in every way that s meaningful  daisy is every bit as american as my three kids  we need to do right by daisy and t…
thanks  normeisen for explaining this to us   and to rudy    and to the president 
great turnout as always for sen   saldidomenico  s annual st  patrick s celebration  thanks for the invitation 
good to see  amazon respond to our calls for more diversity by implementing the  rooney rule   but this is only a s…
this is a great reminder that the arts and creativity play a critical role in young people s lives and their educat…
just a reminder that i am holding a special town hall for veterans and their families at 1pm today in northport  h…
  harvard_law explains just how bad the king amendment is 
 riverasaniel mi oficina le comunicó hoy al  uscg la urgencia de que se rescaten los animales a bordo del ferry  estamos dándole seguimiento
minnesotans - will you be watching the state of the union tomorrow   sotu 
tonight our nation mourns the passing and celebrates the life of former first lady barbara bush  who brought such e…
our police officers oppose concealed carry reciprocity  i voted with our public safety officers and to keep our st…
5 – maybe he s starting to realize that the american people are on to him 
thank you  govmurphy  we can t have a deepwater disaster off our jersey shore  protect our coast
congratulations to  nettelhorst school on another successful stallion stampede  this school-wide event promotes hea…
kids are not going to let gun violence go  we taught them to do what s right and that s what they re doing  when th…
ended day 2 of our madein i l10 tour at panek precision in northbrook  brian and gregg panek showed me around their…
chat with y d c is starting now on if you aren t able to submit questions via the link  my me…
the  njtransit rail crash in hoboken was a tragedy  and  ntsb wants to prevent it from happening again  with rail…
there are many things you learn as a member of congress  one of them is to never underestimate  nancypelosi  she st…
it s important to remember  infrastructure is not limited to the ground  i m at the skagit regional airport today c…
rt  nwsseattle  thunderstorms possible this aftn & evng for w wa  small hail  gusty winds  & brief downpours also possible with storms  a…
celebrating 420 w/  tsegerblom  nuwucannabis only in district1
rt  kasiedc  ultimately   joaquincastrotx says he thinks all democrats will sign on to force an immigration debate to the house floor
net neutrality - give the people what they want  net neutrality is not a partisan issue   among the people  let s…
today senate democrats are forcing a vote to save netneutrality  restoring a free and open internet is essential i…
rt  uvmvermont  advancing vermont s start-up culture  inside  vcet  ranked the 11th best university and college-orientated business incubat…
 realdonaldtrump ummm  the president gets to appoint an ig  you do know that  right 
due to the weather today  my ewing office is closed  however  my d c  office is still open and you are welcome to c…
i urge governor lepage to listen to the voters and implement medicaid expansion so that 80 000 people will finally…
mail delivery problems  systemic  in westchester  officials say -  lohud link  - this is a…
secretary devos  interview on 60 minutes only further demonstrates her lack of commitment to quality public educati…
looking forward to continuing to engage  amazon to improve workforce diversity and support techquity baselines  le…
david beurle of future iq joined us at the so minn summit to provide a global perspective on current and anticipated…
even more damning  the very morning  scotus  announced they d hear janusv a f s c m e  justice gorsuch was at the trump i…
rt  kyungmsong    repjimmcdermott  torture report  comprehensive and damning  believes many cia personnel find the contents of this report …
i often say that women cannot win elected office if they do not run  check out the worcester  telegramdotcom arti…
rt  repeliotengel  happy to announce with my colleagues  nitalowey and  repseanmaloney  3 6 million in new federal funds for buses in west…
and not as much as i am looking forward to it 
rt  repcohen  if trump fires mueller  congress must impeach via  thenation if not we are 3rd world banana republic…
a few words about the dissolution of the trump administration s  election integrity  commission …
how about we put the needs of hardworking americans ahead of the wish list of wealthy republican donors 
thank you  bipac for recently endorsing my re-election campaign  i will continue to advocate for the business community in  mn07 
this earth day i join millions of americans celebrating our planet and urging protection of our environment for fut…
happy dyngus day western new york 
the wilderness bill got *another* letter of support  this time from  arapahoe_basin   senbennetco & my bill would p…
rt  nancypelosi    speakerryan &  housegop seem to have forgotten that americans will not stand for their attacks on medicare & social sec…
happening now  taking questions from  depaulu journalism students about the polarization of news sources & importa…
happening now  talking to  wolfblitzer about the latest with the russia investigation  tune in
day 25 of womens history month -  speakerryan  sexual harassment only happens when we allow institutional protection…
rt  browardpolitics   our nation s heart is with broward county  there are no words for the tragedy your community has endured  there are n…
1 in 4 renters pay more than 50% of income to rent   housedemocrats have a plan for affordablehousing  makeroom  ca17 
to all those in indian country  i wish you a happy billy frank jr  day  i m looking forward to joining the squaxin…
i will continue to resist republicans  wrongheaded priorities  americans demand better health care  safer communiti…
today  senatedems file the petition to force a vote on the senate floor to restore net neutrality and they only nee…
the american middle class isn t stupid  they know that these tax cuts disproportionately benefit the wealthy  now c…
the only attacks to the epa are coming from you   epascottpruitt  you signed an order this week limiting the use of…
join me next thursday in joliet for a discussion about personal data security and identity theft   il11 
sitting together for  sotu  w/fellow problem solver  member of the foreign affairs committee  cpa  and attorney…
a republican president just acknowledged that there are sensible limits to gun rights that do not violate the 2nd a…
i will be on cnn this morning at 10  tune in 
rt  rep_janicehahn  32 california congressmembers have signed a letter to  jerrybrowngov urging him to make resources available immediately…
rt  afgenational  afge thanks  repcartwright and others for blocking efforts to outsource dod civilian jobs
looking forward to seeing voters today at polling locations throughout the 7th congressional district  mapoli
the  tcdp took advantage of an earth day event to take a key step to saving our planet — registering voters  cindy…
rt  housenewdems   we owe it to our children and our future to create a world that leans toward equality and progress  and we owe it to our…
rt  replowenthal  join me in expressing profound sadness at the loss of my friend and colleague  congresswoman louise slaughter  she was an…
great to meet with friends from the north bay and napa-solano building trades councils today and discuss how we can…
at this rate  realdonaldtrump will have 6 in 3 years 
including a citizenship question in the 2020 census only serves to suppress participation & will result in inaccura…
it s national volunteer week  here s team clark participating in a natick town wide clean-up with  keepmabeautiful …
couldn t have said it better myself  the gop tax reform plan would devastate middle class families on long island 
questions about filling out the fafsa and available federal student aid  join me and the department of education fo…
rt  namigeorgia  brian le  n a m i georgia board member joined the healthcare leadership council for a meeting with rep  hank johnson  act4 me…
i will be on  ktla channel 5 in los angeles at 10 30 am pacific to discuss the 2020 census  nonproliferation & perhaps impeachment 
although i m stuck in dc today  my heart is with the thousands of teachers from north carolina who are marching in…
  potus must put action behind his words   fema stopping distribution of water and food to puerto rico does not hel…
rt  rushernbaker  we are here with  brownformd in upper marlboro on election day greeting voters electionday imwithher yourvotecounts ht…
i plan to once again lead an effort with my colleagues expressing that same sentiment in a letter to president trum…
this morning  i joined  fwhitfield on  cnn to discuss the nunes memo 
trump pardons  scooter  libby in cia leak case  libby leak
today the house will debate the long-term  faa  reauthorization bill  tune in around 12 15 pm et/9 15 am pt to watch…
this is the most basic responsibility we have – to fund the government – and this bill delivers on priorities witho…
it s great to see coulee region companies take the time to inspire and teach our future engineers and designers  re…
columbine  sandy hook  marjory stoneman douglas - enough is enough  i stand with the students across the country wal…
early voting for the 2018 primary has begun  find out where you can vote today through march 19th 
rt  oneinamerica  thank you  rep   joekennedy for joining us to rally our volunteers to get out and defendaid
there are already too many empty chairs at the dinner table  congress must listen to the will of the people & take…
rt  edshow  ➨ 45 minutes to edshow w/ repjimmcdermott on  sotu  g o presponse   tmooresports on deflate gate at 5pet/4pct/3pmt/2ppt  msnbc  …
this saturday  i ll be joining students from broward county and across the nation at march for our lives in dc  click…
calling on nicaraguan president daniel ortega to respect free expression and stop killing social security protester…
this bill was good for co & good for the 7th cd  it includes funding increases for nrel  noaa  epa  nasa  head star…
today marks 6 months after maria  it is imperative that congress allocate more funds towards helping puerto rico as c…
the gateway project will provide job-creating investments to fix new jersey s crumbling tunnels  bridges  roads  an…
flyingfish from  pikeplacefish are cool  but today i met with the  wsbdc and wa-based  justwhooshh  and the term h…
my statement on last night s missile strikes in syria 
harlem  bronx and  nyc  standing up for stonger america without gunviolence
nice story in  followfairfax on our student town hall on gun safety last week  thanks to these young leaders for pu…
momsdontneed immigration policies that separate mothers from their children  we should be building and strengtheni…
the american people have lost faith in the epa  i received calls asking me to support the resolution that calls for…
memorialcare s decision to shutter the community hospital of  longbeachcity in june is nothing short of tragic  tod…
their expertise helps get drugs to patients faster and they also ship worldwide  this machine cuts out the packagin…
the nonpartisan c b o score found that  ahca  is bad deal for rural wisconsinites 
today  i was proud to join my colleagues on the bipartisan heroin task force to release our 2018 legislative agenda…
today we honor all those who answered the call and served in the vietnam war  the sacrifices made by these veterans…
rt  akarl_smith  democratic  repsarbanes on the trump organization s announcement it donated profits from foreign government officials at i…
sound the sirens alright  with 3  housegop members calling for pruitt to resign   speakerryan should join bipartis…
rt  theurbancore  james weldon johnson was chief lyricist for cole & johnson brothers  had 9 songs produced on broadway in 1902  john rosam…
had a great time in the viewing stand of the nato parade this morning in norfolk  pictured with supreme allied comm…
this morning  i joined my  housedemocrats and  senatedems colleagues to pledge to protect d r e a mers 
today americans are taking to the streets to say that science matters  i agree  which is why i m fighting…
proud to announce the new bipartisan working group to end domestic violence  the terror of domesticviolence impact…
rex tillerson s tenure as secretary of state was obviously unsuccessful  unfortunately  i see no reason for optimis…
wishing a ramadan kareem to all celebrating this important commemoration in colorado  across america and around the…
rt  peterwelch  joined by 170 house colleagues  i sent a letter to  realdonaldtrump insisting that the federal government remain open and l…
rt  repteddeutch  the students of stoneman douglas have been clear – america must neveragain allow the profits of gun manufacturers to com…
last week  i was proud to meet graduates from  gs10ksmallbiz from my district in the bronx  they exemplify the entr…
rt  repgallagher  update  with the support of  potus  a group of my freshman colleagues & i officially introduced a constitutional amendmen…
internet users deserve to know when their data is being collected and how it is being used  i m working on an inter…
the 800 000 dreamers in texas and across the country are just as american as my 3 kids  they deserve a permanent so…
today is the last day of open enrollment for 2017 health coverage  visit ma health connector to get covered today 
rt  christinawilkie  breaking   att confirms payments to cohen llc &gt &gt  full stmt   essential consulting was one of several firms we engage…
rt  rosadelauro  fmr  hhs sec  tom price admits what  realdonaldtrump & congressional republicans would never dare  americans are going to…
getting my beauty sleep tonight 💤🙌🏾 tomorrow  repmaxinewaters & i will be at bat  fighting  gop attacks on the…
rt  nhmamd  nhma president & ceo   elenariosmd   will be speaking on a panel on air quality & public health hosted by congresswoman barragá…
the american people deserve to know whether federal officials are upholding the public trust and adhering to the hi…
disposing of munitions in open-air burn pits poses unacceptable dangers to our servicemembers  veterans  and all wh…
each spring   conginst sponsors a nationwide high school visual art competition to recognize & encourage artistic…
rt  alessandranbc  hundreds of middle & high school students in hartford walk out of class to protest school & gun violence
big pharma paid michael cohen  so-called lawyer  more than  1 million for health care advice  total frauds  lock hi…
support us here  meanwhile  i ve uncovered some end-of-quarter emails in my spam folder tha…
happybirthday iowa   otd   iowa became the 29th state admitted to the union  check out  librarycongress iowa map c…
starting soon  watch our discussion with  bpc_bipartisan on how to restore democracy on  bpclive  here 
rt  smalluavs    in particular  the coalition thanks  repbillshuster   reppeterdefazio   replobiondo   repricklarsen   replipinski   repsco…
looking forward to kicking off earth day weekend at the  sbearthday festival  honored to be presenting the environm…
the rooney rule should be a floor  not a ceiling  this is just one of many strategies to increase d i v e r s i t yin t e c h…
/2 congress gave  120 million to the trump state department to harden our cyber defenses against russian threats  t…
congratulations   goldenknights  vegas born stanley cup
students across the inland empire are working toward educations that will help them find 21st century jobs in our c…
stay tuned for more details 
rt  washingtonpost  do not eat any kind of romaine lettuce  cdc warns
the message of last week s elections is that when we unite and turn out against trump s divisiveness  we can win 
would ensure no funds are used to launch an unconstitutional strike that experts say would lead to catastrophic war…
speaker ryan did the right thing by refraining from further politicization of the office of house chaplain and reve…
we need a commander-in-chief w/ heart & mind to keep our military safe & our country strong  aghan war15anniv
sad to learn about the death of fmr first lady barbara bush  a ny native & devoted mother & wife  she worked to pro…
rt  weareoneamerica  with trump s arbitrary  daca  deadline having come and gone  here are a few scenarios of how this battle could end  ht…
rt  teampelosi  why does the republican leadership insist on making the lives of america s most vulnerable so miserable  they give  1 5 t…
i founded the congressional trans equality task force to tell trans ppl  you have a voice in congress & we support you  trans is beautiful
rt  repalgreen   realdonaldtrump  sir  you continue to bring disrepute and dishonor upon the presidency and our country with your bigotry …
i am focused on getting this legislation passed to get cash off our streets and reduce public safety threats in our…
nearly 1/5 households making 75-100k pay higher taxes in 2023 under billionaires first tax plan more →  wsj
  eastbayhs sent their best artists to my art competition this year to showcase the wonderful artwork they created…
rt  acnewsdesk  dem leader  nancypelosi and  lloyddoggetttx lead roundtable on obamacare 
rt  housedemocrats  happy teacher appreciation day to those patient souls who taught us how to read and write  and plenty of other lessons n…
it is shameful that our president chooses to act beneath the dignity and respect of his office by belittling those…
rt  mayorharrykim  condition red air quality danger due to eruption
nebraska s economy is growing year after year with nearly  6 6b in merchandise exports in 2015  i m committed to h…
not every day you see a late night host riding a segway down the hall in front of the office     nice to run into f…
rt  repjoecrowley  president trump is ignoring the worst refugee crisis in history and abandoning the very values our country was built up…
rt  officialcbc  former cbc chair  repbarbaralee will start answering questions at 5 pm et  she s the author of a bill that supports invest…
don t forget to check out this week s action steps--and don t miss the town hall tomorrow at 4 30pm at fremd high   
glad to sit down with  carolcastielvoa for a wide-ranging interview on us policy toward syria  reducing…
rt  aadaddario  met with  repjohnlarson today  the man that holds the same seat in congress my grandfather held  to discuss the importance…
always great to be with  massnurses  thank you for your support of this important bill - hr 4444 
personally  i think the second option is the only acceptable one 
rt  cleanairmoms  climate change impacts our lives daily  from the air we breathe to the water we drink  - repcartwright act on climate
hispanics are 165% more likely to live in counties with unhealthy levels of pollution  the health threats to hispan…
it was a pleasure meeting w/ jitender makkar of induspad to discuss his plans for the former polartec facility in…
when a reading turns into a sing-along    fly eagles fly
rt  roslehtinen  gracias  reproybalallard  i know that with  repcurbelo on board  more are sure to follow on this bipartisan bill  we need…
i am proud to have been the lead democratic sponsor of the housing credit legislation that was enacted in the…
unfortunately  i see no reason for optimism that mike pompeo would be better  the common denominator remains an un…
pleased to announce our 2018 office hours  my staff will be at local libraries around sacramento county to help you…
voto latino
russia sought to weaponize social media to drive a wedge between americans  and in an attempt to sway the 2016 elec…
i am still grieving the loss of the great tom wolfe  tom was the pioneer of new journalism  a richmonder  and fello…
rt  nvvetsassociat1  very productive meeting with  samanthabivins from  repkihuen office about elevating the viability of our young people…
i was in ferndale to visit  tidalvision  tri van truck body & transition composites  got to learn more about their wo…
we cannot allow syria s use of chemical weapons  we also cannot allow an unhinged  or hinged  president to unilate…
have you joined my email updates  like twitter  it s one of the best ways i have to stay in touch with you  join to…
had a great time at the newport news green foundation s 20th anniversary meet and greet
at a time when carbon dioxide  the no  1 greenhouse gas leading to global warming  has reached an alarming new reco…
rt  fwd_us  queen of the hill is a rarely used rule and a sign that members of congress from both parties are frustrated that there has been…
rt  repcummings  our children are the living messages we send to a future we will never see  the question is how will we send them into tha…
rt  lks_police  listening to representative delbene and students at lshs  courage and voices   joined together not against 
rt  delaneymarsco  wow  scathing opening by tonko at pruitt hearing regarding ethics violations  the  inevitable conclusion  is that pruit…
wow  a powerful video from the mayor s youth council and  oasisnashville on why it s important to register  vote an…
rt  jrosenworcel  as i have said before  there is a troubling pattern at the  fcc  the agency s big media policy decisions all seem custom-…
polluting pruitt is a disgrace at epa 
i look forward to joining  lizclaman on  foxbusiness at 3 pm et/12 pm pt today to discuss the president s decision…
  speakerryan mr  speaker  the time for action is now  we know the facts  there are too many guns  how many more ch…
attention  nyc  parents  haven t had a chance to sign up for pre kfor all yet  good news – there s still time to appl…
and all of this when the rally started at the same exact time as the cavs game seven playoff game  that is commitment 
  nra pres  oliver north called gun reform activists  civil terrorists   the nra will do anything to protect thei…
rt  repadamschiff  the senate just took the first bipartisan step towards protecting mueller s investigation and the rule of law  when will…
nicolas perez is a south florida small business owner  a dreamer  and my  sotu  guest  when trump looks into the cro…
president trump isn t even attempting to find solutions on health care
i m leading  appropsdems this morning at a hearing on the indian health service  the ihs is responsible for providi…
   what he should do and what he will likely do is vast  and based on his first five weeks in office  i m not holding my breath 
congrats to  ucmerced on the opening of the downtown campus center  & thank you to all who work to improve educatio…
icymi  spoke to  unpresidentpod about  realdonaldtrump  obstruction of justice  and more  make sure to listen here 
this excellent piece lays bare  in the clearest terms  how the republican tax scam was written to favor corporations…
rt  housedemocrats  new from  usatoday  the g o p tax scam     was sold as a way to create jobs and boost stagnant wages  so far  at least  co…
to keep our ag economy strong  the 2018 farm bill must help transfer skills  knowledge & land between current & futu…
it was an honor to present the environmental hero award at the earth day festival in santa barbara yesterday  we ha…
the flint water crisis can t be allowed to happen elsewhere  congress can—and must—make critical investments in wat…
the iran deal has made the united states and our allies safer   potus and congress should keep the deal intact 
tonight  i released the articles of impeachment  tomorrow  the house will vote on the impeachment of donald j  trum…
this tax day don t be fooled by g o p tax scam talking points  this terrible bill wont help ny families  instead  it r…
his passionate service and courageous leadership in ensuring all people had the right to live and love freely will…
rt  repmcgovern  this is outrageous   housegop delays vote to prevent govt shutdown so they can join  realdonaldtrump at a political rally …
rt  cidnews  questions about your insurance & storm damage  contact us at insurance ct gov or check out these helpful tips 
rt  housedemocrats  leader  nancypelosi   repschakowsky  rep   dorismatsui  and  repjohnyarmuth held a press conference today on how the go…
doing so would give hope to rural tennesseans who have lost more hospitals  per capita  than any state in the count…
rt  repdavideprice  this should alarm all americans --  jaredhuffman and i introduced legislation to address exactly this problem 
pleased to speak with  wbez last week about the exciting work happening in northwest indiana to create jobs and tra…
during jewish american heritage month  let s recognize jewish americans for their commitment to improving our communi…
by ensuring this vital program is funded and by streamlining the application process  we can provide stability for…
though we welcome support from  epa to combat harmful algal blooms  this plan does not reflect the urgency or accou…
rt  transportdems   the president s priorities on infrastructure are not focused on america s future…no  it seems the president s prioritie…
happy to see that reddit supports my letter urging the fcc to delay its vote on  ajitpaifcc s plan to kill…
if you retire at 62 in the united states  you will receive  1046 in social security benefits  pay 10% in taxes on…
teachers & college professors  apply by 3/1 to attend a free  nehgov summer professional development program  sites…
rt  foodlifeline  advocates in action  earlier this week  food lifeline met with congresswoman suzan delbene and other hunger fighting advo…
consumers can save money while keeping the environment clean by reducing harmful emissions and switching to sustain…
congratulations to the winners of coral academy of science s 3rd annual all girls math tournament  i m proud of wha…
americans want action to end gun violence  in fact  97% of gun owners want to see congress require background checks…
voted against the house tax bill because it is a bad deal for indiana  it does not reflect the values and prioriti…
third  the clean air act requires  epa to utilize the best system of emission reduction   epa s repeal discards the…
on nov 15  1777  the second continental congress approved the articles of confederation  a precursor to the constit…
the  af_academy accepted  wphs_ocps senior matthew kuczajda as part of its 2018 cadet class  he is captain of the t…
there are fully constitutional measures like universal background checks that have bipartisan support   3/4 
rt  actioncorpsnyc   hfacdemocrats  repeliotengel thanks  congressman  for speaking up for a political  non-military  solution in syria  c…
yesterday s updated report from the cbo shows that the gop s tax plan will explode the national deficit by  1 9 tri…
rt  notribune  hey everybody  that s frederick douglass on the back of our quarter  ✊🏿 history
i founded the asthma and allergy caucus in 2010 because congress needs to increase research  yesterday  i spoke at…
i am proud to be a co-sponsor of the paycheck fairness act  rt if you agree that women deserve to get equal pay for…
this is an important development and i will be meeting with state and city officials in the near future to ensure t…
 ctbiomed  stateofct  senblumenthal  senmurphyoffice looks like a pretty good way to assure a congress comprised la…
rt  joyfulnoyz  this is summerfor progress peoples platform scorecard for  usprogressives  cong progressive caucus  members  kudos to  rep…
open enrollment ends today  even if you have insurance  visit and review health coverage op…
juanita shanks craft carried out a career in civil rights activism that spanned over 50 years  through the dallas n…
i asked  epascottpruitt about some of his shady dealings at an  energycommerce hearing  he tried to dodge these que…
enjoyed meeting with members of the local  sierraclub in my salinas office 
delaying teen pregnancy makes women more likely to be educated & employable  and less likely to need welfare  it al…
scott pruitt has failed to protect the environment  gutting standards for carbon pollution  pesticides  and toxic c…
as a combat veteran of korean war i know all too well that freedom is not free  thank a veteran today & every day …
this misguided bill reduces investment in education & eliminates critical programs  like public service loan forgiv…
about to walk onto the house floor to defend the independence of the special counsel investigation and urge for leg…
students all over new jersey will be participating in walkouts tomorrow and i wish that i could be with them  never…
reminder  only 4 days left to get covered at
let us mark the sacrifice of those lost 15 years ago by serving the community  honoring veterans & supporting first responders never forget
it shouldn t take another 17 deaths for congress to finally take action to prevent gun violence  i m calling on…
tonight i honored an incredible group of sheriff s deputies who put their lives on the line to evacuate neighbors a…
america s top 0 1%  or roughly 325 000 people  average over 198 times the income of the bottom 90% or roughly 293 m…
the g o p budget will raise taxes for 235 000 la families & eliminate personal exemptions which deduct  4 050 for each taxpayer & dependent 
every faith urges us to feed families hurt by hunger  but  housegop s 2018 farm bill cuts  snap  assistance that hel…
here is yet one more lackluster email from another campaign in my inbox today   we have a chance to make history in…
bravo to rashon nelson and donte robinson for accepting a symbolic  1 settlement from the city of philadelphia  whi…
it s critical for the trump admin to use the mtg w/ saudi crown prince mohammed bin salman to discuss yemen  the g…
i truly have a difficult time wrapping my mind around people who pray on sunday  only to prey on others during the…
the house is in session this week  here s what we re scheduled to vote on
wonderful to join these  holy_cross students who spent a year with  unitedwayofcm  working4woo giving back to our c…
rt  citymalibu  a strong winter storm is expected to bring heavy rain to malibu tues-thurs with potential for flooding and slides  free sa…
rt  mv_schools  proud of our attendance of our mill valley teachers and students inspired by rep jared huffman and student ambassador s and…
congratulations to chula vista native and hilltop high school graduate desiree linden on winning the…
marked the 8th anniversary of  aca  with congress at your company visit to  bonsecoursstp – highlighting increased acc…
i join the  hispaniccaucus in expressing deep disappointment at white house chief of staff john kelly s remarks  th…
here s my full conversation with  anacabrera on  cnn this afternoon regarding syria  the trump administration needs…
happy birthday   barackobama   thank you for your hard work and dedication to our country 
trump is caving to the nra with his gun safety plans days after he complained politicians are too afraid to stand u…
i was deployed in kuwait during operation iraqi freedom and i know the important support work those troops are doing for the mid east theater
powerful 
i enjoyed speaking to ms  murdough s class   kennett hs this morning  smart  well-informed students 
yesterday  the world got a live look at the president of the united states attempting to tip the scale of justice i…
 she d been here so long we thought she d be here forever   we ll miss you  mrs  bush 
rt  repteddeutch  19 years have passed since the horrific shooting at columbine  since then  there have been 85 school shootings  223 tea…
the pathway for success for countless students would not be possible without schoolcounselors  they provide suppor…
from there  i visited  sercogroup in ludlow for a tour of their facility and to visit with staff before heading to…
 shutting down this funding mechanism for sandy recovery seems to be coming out of spite  out of some petty war bet…
rt  repcarbajal  four years later and the flint water crisis is still not over  congress can—and must—make critical investments in water in…
i m calling on the va to finally take action to ensure that oregon s veterans receive the care that they deserve 
never has there been a more important time to guarantee that each voice can freely speak up and speak out 
november 1st is fast-approaching  visit [link ]to buy or change your health insurance plan and get covered during o…
rt  housedemocrats  our mothers  fathers  sons  daughters  communities  and law enforcement deserve better than nra talking points  america…
the trump trade war is yet another broken promise to hardworking families and farmers across the midwest  you can r…
the u s  is now the only country that refuses to get in the game on climatechange  i say it all the time  we ve go…
rt  aarpca  thank you to zoe  repzoelofgren and  reproybalallard for supporting california s 4 4million family caregivers by joining the b…
rt  hfacdemocrats  rm  repeliotengel  must read  washingtonpost article on congress s continued bipartisan rejection of trump cuts to inter…
heading to the house floor to speak against h r  3053  the nuclear waste policy amendments act  this pro-yucca moun…
 msphippsmd  senatorcardin  chrisvanhollen   msphippsmd  i agree 👉
good news for the fight against gerrymandering  good news for democracy 
this is an investment in our workforce so we can get more people back to work and meet the demands of our local employers 
rt  roslehtinen  what an incredible night full of friends  family  and wonderful memories at 2018 c h l i gala  saw so many welcoming faces  th…
our electric grid is the backbone of the american economy and touches every aspect of our lives  that s why…
rt  staceyabrams  i was so honored to speak  powerrising18 today and meet women from all walks of life who are working to improve their com…
boycott must remind all that our work is not done  to be vocal  & to take a stand on issues impacting our communit…
this legislation addresses this gap in coverage  expanding access to critical and lifesaving treatment options for…
rt  reptimwalz    realdonaldtrump  you said you d  take care of our veterans like they ve never been taken care of before   yet  you haven…
rt  andredcsd  this is how you reach kids   dekalbschools  repjohnlewis
next week  i m hosting a telephone town hall on wednesday 6/14 at 6pm pt  sign up to participate …
thanksgiving day checklist  ✔️ enjoy time with family & friends  ✔️ sign up for health insurance at…
rt  nbclatino    repdarrensoto noted that hurricane maria has left approximately  90 billion in damages  congress has allocated about  18…
the era isn t just about equal pay for equal work  it s so much more than that  it s about the equality of opportun…
my statement on the firing of secretary of state rex tillerson 
happy birthday  senatorhassan  thanks for all you do on behalf of granite state families 
rep  cicilline discusses gop attacks on mueller probe with  chrislhayes
great to see this multi-state partnership to conserve and celebrate the wood-pawcatuck watershed progress to its fi…
i am disappointed in this decision  and i look forward to the constitutional challenge the administration should ri…
it s all about him  narcissistic sociopath to the highest level  sad
as more women serve our nation in uniform  it is critical that we ensure the care female veterans receive  whether…
rt  uofmaryland    brownformd discovering some of u m d s most exciting research in the virtual augmented reality lab &  startup_shell
with trump and republicans now seeking to gut medicaid and medicare  these investments by horizon are needed more than ever 
thank you  mccaskilloffice  senatehsgacdems for this report on cbp s efforts to stop opioids entering the country …
great turnout at asbury park mayor s rodeo for recreation with mayor john moor at the stone pony  inasburyparknj
fox news host attached parkland shooting survivor for not getting into certain colleges  pitiful put-downs won t st…
for public schools week  i want to thank our san joaquin valley educators  mentors  & parents who help our students…
rt  thesfia  nhtf alert   repcheri of illinois shows off her twirling skills in front of former nba great  sam perkins  during his visit on…
rt  officialcbc  hbd  rep   benniegthompson  d-ms-02   rep  thompson is the ranking member of  homelanddems  the  tougaloocollege and  jack…
jazz musician edgar  dooky  chase turned his parents small sandwich shop into a world-renowned restaurant and gathe…
the  balanced budget amendment  is a breathtaking hypocrisy by the  housegop 
rt  leeannelse  agree with rep mcgovern p h a summit -we need a plan with benchmarks  government and all citizens need to see that food is me…
team titus with friends enjoying great food at ilocano american association of nevada i a a n s annual easter picnic…
rt  msnbc  rep  green on pres  trump s speech at the opening of mississippi s civil rights museum   he s just there for a photo op  
rt  workforceinvest    ronpainternawb spoke today on panel for congressional rural caucus  entitled   the future of rural  the workforce ne…
thank you governor  this is an important step forward for nj
  potus has evolved from media spectacle to three ring circus with three simultaneous court battles involving alleg…
i m inspired by activists demanding common sense gun reform  students are leading the way  marchforourlives and our…
as we recognize america s farmers and ag professionals for all they do to fight hunger  fuel our cars and put cloth…
four years and two days later  we re still fighting to bring back our girls  never give up hope 
rt  tcooganplants  have i mentioned recently how great capuano is  he s the best  go vote for him in today s mass  senate primary  ma sen
it was great to speak with members of  mihumanities about their impactful work throughout michigan  excited to cont…
nurses week2018 is the perfect time to recognize the hard work of nurses  especially in our schools  my bill  the n…
rt  oversightdems  according to whistleblower  on the morning of january 11  2018  several high-level trump administration political appoin…
rt  senatepress  pen and pad here at 3 30 on 15th anniversary of beginning of iraq war  with iraq war veterans  senduckworth    reprubengal…
reaching out to everyone  including republicans  about climatechange is so important  we can t play politics   
what an incredible  gotv  weekend  thank you to all our volunteers  join us in final two days to get out vote   ca26 
62 years ago today  rosa parks refused to give up her seat  let s remember her example as we continue to fight for…
el significado práctico es claro  le corresponde únicamente al congreso otorgarle al gob de pr la facultad para reestructurar sus deudas 
wow  look at those  eagles crowds  i m cheering from here in dc  where i am awaiting important budget votes …
icymi   
rt  wcpn  [video] rep  marcy kaptur just became the longest-serving woman in history 
the united states must be a global leader on this issue  and i look forward to continuing the strong relationship b…
as an island state  hawaii is uniquely reliant on air travel  air transportation is an essential lifeline for peopl…
rt  officialcbc  today at 11 30 am et  the cbc will introduce the jobsand justice act  omnibus legislation that would  if passed  increase…
sí  se puede 
thank you everyone for the warm birthday wishes  marion and i had a great day  so happy to celebrate here at home w…
 stevehiltonx  reprokhanna  tulsipress  repdebdingell  repdesaulnier  crowdpac   stevehiltonx happy to join you in…
read my statement on the passing of my dear  dear friend and beloved colleague from new york  congresswoman…
thanks to hillary bryde of richmond for stopping by our office to talk about civic engagement and ways to better su…
rt  r_i_schools  our  repcheri is rocking a special rocky riveters shirt  rep cheri s message to our young people- get involved neverthele…
i was honored to join notorious r b g at the debut of the r b g movie   which tells story of her toughness  tenacity &c…
louise meant a great deal to many in congress & across our nation  thank you to her friends  repjohnlewis…
visited  brookhavenlab today to see the groundbreaking research they re doing in science  energy  nanotechnology  b…
rt  mikaelaporterhc  all 525 students at northwest catholic walking in silence around the school  west hartford we ha national school walkou…
questions for house dems  tweet your questions during our  twitter town hall starting now until 1pm pst/4pm est using ask dems  disarm hate
on top of that  the nsa  fbi  and cia all have cyber security concerns with zte  the pentagon even stopped selling…
there s no need to argue over whether pruitt s corruption scandals are worse than his epa policies  they are two s…
today i voted against the tax plan that forces  100b in cuts to medicare over the next 4 years and increase taxes o…
thanks to everyone who came out and participated in our town hall meeting last night in dickson city 
rt  repdonbeyer  recent reports suggested that climate science is being censored on the national park service s website  in violation of th…
learn more here 
as founder and ceo of facebook  mark zuckerberg appears to be strangely uninformed about how little the company ha…
rt  energycommerce  news   uscbo letter confirms 10-year reauthorization of chip saves  6 billion  extend c h i p
on this international women s day  let s celebrate all of the fearless women who fight for their rights and the rig…
next week  mr  zuckerberg will come in to testify before the  energycommerce 
this jewish american heritage month  let s honor and celebrate the countless contributions the jewish community has…
 whitehouse american diplomacy led by  barackobama  johnkerry helped achieve iran deal  a historic breakthrough & s…
rt  keelhunt   this is the stuff of spy novels  but the foreign mischief via russian cyberinvasion is all too real  thirteen have now been…
  speakerryan  thank you for your service  now would be a good time to do the right thing and bring the dream act t…
nearly 900 patriotic dreamers who are currently serving our nation in uniform deserve a permanent solution  rt if y…
the horrific use of chemical weapons by the assad regime is a crime against humanity  the iranians and russians who…
happening now   cityattorneyla   mayorofla   hildasolis   michaeldtubbs and i are announcing that local partners h…
my amendment to stop maritime drug trafficking passed  this helps get the  uscg the resources needed to stop drug before they reaching  usa 
rt  repcohen  trump s attacks on  doj    fbi   mueller  rosenstein&other public servants are the real attacks against america--not the law…
town hall
the choice of john bolton as national security adviser is absolutely frightening  this advocate for the iraq war wi…
cc   sisario  graham_bowley  matthewstoller
happy birthday to supreme court justice ruth bader ginsburg  womens history month
the lives of  daca  recipients remain in limbo even though there is bipartisan support to protect them  why won t…
rt  housenewdems  new dems are determined to increase long-term federal investments in all types of infrastructure  today the new dem infra…
during black history month i will recognize the african-american women of the mississippi delta  featured in the nov…
 mostly bad  is an understatement  drastic cuts to medicare  social security  transportation funding  education  ho…
we cannot provide effective health services if people are misinformed by false advertising  i have signed onto…
i am shocked and saddened to hear about another mass shooting  this one at youtube in my district  i am following d…
just over a year ago  17 federal intelligence agencies unanimously confirmed that russia meddled in the…
 geoffreyphilp  whitehouse  repwilson  barackobama  repjohnconyers  senschumer
our el paso town hall gets under way in 20 minutes  if you re in the neighborhood  come join us  333 n  oregon st  …
rt  msnbc   we must do all we can to prevent syria from using chemical weapons and prevent an unhinged president  or a hinged president  fr…
deeply saddened to learn of nancy mcfadden s passing  it was an honor to work with her throughout my time in sacram…
met today with  bionj_org to discuss the significant impact the bioscience industry has on  nj08 
on world teachers day we thank those that inspire and educate our next generation of wisconsinites  thank you teachers - we appreciate you 
the white house s attacks on immigrants and refugees are in contrast to everything our nation stands for  the hondu…
yesterday  the chairman of the federal communications commission announced that in just a few weeks the commission…
the  jcpoa  was one of the great diplomatic achievements of our time — in no small part because we were able to gain…
i applaud the organizers of  amarch4ourlives for keeping the conversation going on the need for commonsense gun saf…
interesting timing - instead of condemning russia for poisoning a man and his daughter   potus has fired…
following up on my official oversight visit last month  i had a good meeting this afternoon with  usnavy officials…
good news   13 25m tiger for dorchester county   sc  will improve 8 2 mile stretch of us78 bt summerville & st  geor…
gearupworks everywhere  
thrilled to see  fta_dot award  29 9 million to kc for bus rapid transit project  the project will provide more opt…
to read my full statement following  fbi director comey s dismissal  visit my  facebook page 
rt  repswalwell  it s no hoax - russia really did interfere with our election  and we re still investigating the trump campaign s role  let…
always happy to see don hill and my friends in  nalc_national  over 250 000 strong  the letter carriers are a backb…
yesterday  i introduced a bill that would require prescription drug manufacturers to pay a rebate when the price of…
visiting washington  dc  my office can help arrange tours of some of our nation s most historic landmarks  if you h…
president trump s weak infrastructure plan puts pressure on our cities & states & fails to deliver on his trillion-…
rt  bpshow    repjohnyarmuth is in studio now  getting into all of the latest from congress  watch 
rt  repjimmygomez  i led a letter w/ my  hispaniccaucus colleagues  urging ag jeff sessions to scrap his plan to impose quotas on federal i…
rt  davidplazas  the demise of insure t n is a real tragedy   i can tell you this  that if we had expanded the medicaid program as  billhas…
rt  farmweeknow  on  rfd today  we ll talk to  illinois_alma about a  usda grant and with  repcheri about tariffs  trade and the rural opi…
i want to offer my most sincere thanks  appreciation  and congratulations to all the student artists in this year s…
great seeing so many tillman scholars at the  pattillmanfnd reception  these veterans and military spouses make a d…
as details emerge about the incident in niger  we must have greater accountability and focus to ensure our armed f…
rt  fakedansavage  new blabbermouth   repjayapal on that poll showing young white men souring on the democratic party—and how to win  with…
with compassion and grace  barbara bush inspired generations of americans  my deepest condolences go to president g…
if  potus really thinks mental health funding is the answer to gun violence  why does his budget cut funding for th…
as orlando s former police chief  i learned that to stop violent crime  we need to stop bad people from getting gun…
i am saddened and outraged by the hateful destruction at mount carmel jewish cemetery 
 realdonaldtrump s first muslim ban  enacted one year ago today and just one week into his presidency  was a shamef…
congrats  uoflwbb  best in the acc and 6 more wins to go  now let s all get out to the yum  center and cheer them o…
today i met with georgia credit union professionals & volunteers in d c  & discussed the economic impact of credit…
rt  hfacdemocrats  rm  repeliotengel  we can create a safer world for mothers  an estimated 1/3 women will experience gender-based violence…
i ve called for a 60-day extension to the public comment period on the administration s plans to roll back protecti…
with 33 locations and work by over 400 artists  there s no shortage of beautiful art to behold at this weekend s…
rt  housedemocrats  who is cheated by the g o p tax scam  the 8 8 million americans who used a tax deduction last year to help them afford hea…
few moments are more solemn  more inspiring  and more moving than honoring the men & women who have served our nati…
house republicans say the g o p farm bill doesn t kick a single person off  snap   that s not true  400 000 households will lose benefits 
since faa changed flight paths in socal  metroplex  in  17  local residents have complained of increased airplane n…
a great leader who shares our commitment to democratic ideals and values   emmanuelmacron  thank you for sharing yo…
this week is small business week a time to celebrate the crucial role small businesses play in creating jobs & spurr…
california dairy update  our c a dairy producers can vote on adopting the  fmmo  until may 5th  dairy producers  c…
rt  caitlinlanders  today   repseanmaloney    robrolison  & some common council members talk leg  that would help situations like rip van wi…
i was honored this week to be the keynote speaker at a naturalization ceremony welcoming 1 300 u s  citizens  ameri…
do you receive my newsletter  sign up here for updates on the work that i am doing in congress on behalf of  ca20 
pascrell urges passage of pro-law enforcement legislation during police week  via  youtube
we ve called on  speakerryan to allow a vote on our bipartisan bill to protect 60 million americans from workplace…
enrique served our county and you can count on us to fight for him daniel   hispaniccaucus
it was a pleasure to address students  parents  educators  and financial literacy advocates at the 5th annual   
solutions only idea 3  provide law enforcement officers with tools to help survivors 24 hours a day  we can t just…
 41% of americans cannot say what auschwitz was   how can we prevent history from repeating itself if we allow ours…
   a los posibles litigios  a la deteriorada calidad de vida en pr  y a mayor emigración a los estados 
 economists expect the tax changes to drive up overall home ownership costs in california and decrease the inventor…
this is what happens when several members of the devos team come from the for-profit colleges they are tasked with…
improving services for student veterans on campus  enacting critical gun violence prevention measures  and reducing…
this was a very special homecoming  and i thank these servicemembers and their families for everything they do to s…
spoke to  acibc in support of the carrier program  and also got to see jennifer boykin  the president of…
still need health insurance for 2018  you can still get coverage through  coveredca  but only for one more day  for…
rt  lit_lv  founder/ed shared story of lit students/families to nv delegation today in us senate/house of reps & how immigration policy imp…
on this day in 1926  the first commercial flight arrived at anderson field in las vegas as western air express broug…
a moment of silence won t ease suffering in parkland  fl  we need to pass commonsense gun violence prevention legis…
 sheeple201  kokereport  diamondandsilk spasibo 
 kward1116  lhsjournalism  gscnc  girlscouts  kward1116 did a great job in my office this summer  i hope you stay…
proud to stand with courageous and passionate students across the country today to demand action on gun violence …
rt  officialcbc    purdie_rho c b c on healthcare
our bipartisan bill w/  repmikejohnson to help israel fight drone attacks included in major legislative package by…
new offthecuff podcast  tune in to hear expert  davidchipman of  resp_solutions discuss gun violence prevention
rt  govtrack  🔜 h r  4895 by  benniegthompson  medgar evers home national monument act 🏛️
we re joined by  donaldnorcross  repjohnfaso  reppaultonko &  repcicilline
as my friend & colleague maine representative  chelliepingree puts it   work requirements will do nothing but snatc…
previewed the new  lanetransit west eugene emx bus rapid transit service yesterday  will give riders more options &…
retweet if you agree extend c h i p
rt  realjonshark  with  juliabrownley campaign kick off
as a  businessman   i assume  realdonaldtrump reads  forbes  he &  sarahhuckabee should pay special attention to 6…
its a beautiful day to celebrate the legacy of mister rogers and the important role public media continues to play in…
planning a visit to dc  we can help you and your ohana schedule tours of the us capitol  library of congress & more 
polluting pruitt s time at epa has been mired with secrecy  waste of taxpayer money  and widespread conflicts of in…
unequal pay means less rent & food on the table for working families  that s why i support the paycheck fairness act  equal pay day
proud to have voted no against the gop tax plan  demonstrable evidence from non-partisan sources shows how middle-c…
rt  hascdemocrats    repadamsmith statement on syria
the situation is urgent - we can and must do more to help our fellow americans recover from this devastation  2/2
video   boem_doi will be in augusta today to hear from mainers about the trump admin s offshore drilling proposal …
rt  vtstateparks  moose on the loose at seyon lodge state park yesterday captured by innkeepers tiff & chris  vagabondway  vt  vermont nat…
unless congress acts  we stand to lose so many talented young people from our workforce & communities  which is why…
happening now  i am meeting w/ students at jefferson m s about gun violence & how it affects them  these students ar…
rt  americanlegion  natl cmdr praises bill to provide overdue benefits to atom veterans   senfranken  senthomtilli…
loebsack announces start of online voting for 2018 congressional art contest
rt  bpshow    congressmanruiz joins  jamalsimmons & bill in studio  tlking abt graham cassidy bill & the future of  daca   watch 
rt  unm  every year we get to celebrate our golden graduates  these graduates were a part of unm s class of 1968  we are excited to honor s…
in the end  it is clear that the president doesn t want immigrants who look like the diverse and colorful fabric of…
from a former 4-star general
i hope my colleagues across the aisle will work with us to develop a sensible and fact-based approach to securing o…
as maternity care caucus co-chair  i was pleased there was testimony from  dc_amchp president susan chacon  over t…
this week is national police week  please join me in thanking those who risk their lives to keep our communities saf…
ongoing republican silence inflicts real damage to our nation 
great to hear that physics day was a success  congrats to the winners   stem  physics
dc is prepping for the march for our lives at noon  going to be a beautiful and powerful day  never again
rt  oversightdems  the constitution requires us to count all  persons   not citizens  not immigrants  but persons  that means everybody…
touring  delawaretech s culinary lab  child development center  paramedic lab and surgical tech lab at the terry ca…
today i had the pleasure of meeting with leaders from plains cotton growers inc   pcgnews  we discussed important i…
i m working on creating a bipartisan solution to combat the opioid crisis  it impacts public health  as well as soc…
i am so proud to introduce h r  5152  legislation intended to help military veterans lead transition back to civili…
over 1300 former staffers agree  the senate must adopt crucial sexual harassment/discrimination reforms immediately…
barbara bush dedicated herself to a life of service and represented her country with dignity and grace  patti and i…
  mickmulvaneyomb funding request for relief efforts in puerto rico post hurricane maria falls short  read the chc…
let s keep the early vote momentum going with a day of action to get out the vote  join me this saturday at 10 am 
happy halloween ventura county  have fun and please stay safe out there tonight 
any politician who uses his official authority to block a legitimate investigation into potential wrongdoing by tha…
when 3/4ths of immigrants who migrate to the us are women and children  we know that these issues are closely linke…
my statement on potus s iran deal announcement 
humacao community college recibirá cerca de  1 1m anuales y dewey university en carolina cerca de  1m anual 
rt  berniceking  the most authentic way to honor my father is to commit to the work of creating a more peaceful  just  humane world  let qu…
every day  more d r e a mers are losing daca protections & put at risk of deportation  we must protect d r e a mers & pass…
i m pushing congress to pass my bipartisan aipm act to help farmers  ranchers  and land managers reduce the impact…
this tax law takes an extra step to shove it to states like california by undermining the state and local tax deduc…
thanks  firstladynj &  govmurphy  we must protect dreamers 
that is why the centers for disease control advocates for an approach of combining medically assisted and behaviora…
the strengthening social security act would make a difference because my measure  the  cpie   would ve resulted in higher benefits for seniors
rt  cnbc  democratic congressman on syria   we cannot let chemical attacks go unanswered 
rt  sarahrahal_  u s  reps  repsandylevin   replawrence   repdebdingell and  repdankildee host a town hall in madison heights on the republ…
rt  hslegfund  🎉congrats🎉 to  reproybalallard and  repchrissmith for being named our 2017 humane legislators of the year  this award recog…
rt  michael_shank  the path to clean energy requires an energy storage revolution  by  repmikehonda and  michael_sh…
don t try cutting government red tape alone  my staff and i can help   ne02 
had a great morning at the  wwiimemorial welcoming veterans who flew to dc on the  eihonorflight  these vets served…
beaverton town hall meeting saturday  march 10  2 00pm-3 00pm conestoga middle school cafeteria 12250 sw conestoga…
🙋🏽‍♀️ florida women earn only 87 cents for every  1 a man makes  women need a raise  equal pay everyday …
i stand with  sciencemarchnhv  we must protect our scientists who are making breakthroughs every day 
a dignified and honest leader who upheld our national ideals of public service  she will be missed dearly  my thoug…
today  come out and engage in our conversation w/danielle mcguire on race & sexual assault in our communities  we h…
thank you xeron pledger for the great work you do in our office supporting and connecting w/  gearupgeorgia…
sign the petition to overturn citizens united -
the gop is sticking future generations with a credit card bill in order to give tax breaks to the wealthiest in ame…
all of our allies agree  the jcpoa/ iran deal  helps stabilize the region and iran never violated it  there s only…
exposure to the arts and art education has been shown to promote self-directed learning  improve school attendance…
rt  defendourfuture  tomorrow  how will the clean power plan benefit people and our environment  for that answer and more  please join  rep…
veterans health  education and benefits fair
tune in to  foxnews now  i ll be joining  reptedyoho at 10 10am pt to discuss the latest on north korea on…
excited to introduce the innovators to entrepreneurs act of 2018  supporting the expansion of the successful i-cor…
our past  our present  and our future depend on our planet  each day we must protect and celebrate our natural boun…
if you think you may need help  please call my office at  916  635-0505 or visit to learn m…
inspiring visit with  reap_inc students at my alma mater  centennial high school  from healthier school lunches to…
rt  didacticdude   jahimes and  repjerrynadler just said in this judiciary hearing everything we ve been needing to say for years  dems nee…
great to see even more innovation taking place in somerville -- congrats to  greentownlabs on their new headquarter…
i voted against raising taxes on 86 million american households  thats no middle class tax cut g o p tax scam
as co-chair of  cbctech2020   i am committed to ensuring the tech workforce reflects america   officialcbc
thank you   mrdannyglover   repbarbaralee   repgwenmoore our panelists & audience today for our great discussion on…
rt  niambi_79  round table meeting today at share discussing the farm bill and snap cuts with  senbobcasey &  repdwightevans  witnesses_na…
rt  mepfuller  bill pascrell holds up a pocket constitution as trump talks about the document  which he totally is familiar with and can te…
great op-ed from  senevanbayh on the opioid crisis  he mentions my bipartisan bill with  repjohnkatko as a great ex…
rt  repdelbene  four years later  the flint water crisis is not over  in the richest country in the world  that is completely unacceptable …
holocaust remembrance day feels more important than ever in light of rising anti-semitism & holocaust denial around…
mayflower ii is an important linchpin in  ma09  travel industry - congrats  plimoth 
rt  houseadm_dems    repbrady condemns president trump s claim of voter fraud 
congrats to the nominees & recipients of the 21st annual queer youth leadership awards the event recognizes youth a…
the future of millions of workers – union and not – is at stake in janusv a f s c m e  the supreme court must reaffirm t…
well said  reprobinkelly -- well done 
rt  smithsoniannmai  celebrate native american heritage month at the national museum of the american indian 
rt  energycommerce  democrats are working hard to protect our care against the trump administration s sabotage of affordable healthcare  htt…
great to meet with the inaugural class of  wsumedicine students today to hear about why they want to become physici…
president  emmanuelmacron stood in front of congress extolling the same type of values that are on the french gift…
social security keeps over 21 million americans out of poverty  it s time to expand social security  soc sec81  ca17 
rt  napaba  stopping by the  napaba 2018  apahm  congressional reception in the 7 o clock hour is  repbera and  congressmanraja 
haiti is still reeling from an earthquake  hurricanes  a cholera epidemic and more  what s there to go back to  save tps
members of my staff are on the ground assisting local and county officials and the red cross  you can contact my fl…
wishing  girlscouts a happy 106th birthday  cheers to building girls of courage  confidence  and character  who hav…
as a result of the g o p tax scam nj households with incomes over  1 4 million  the top 1 percent  would receive an av…
yom huledet sameach  israel  on israel independence day we celebrate the strength and resiliency of the israeli peop…
ty  hokuleawwv for perpetuating traditional polynesian cultural practices  best wishes on your worldwide voyage 
thank you  oversightdems for working to ensure 2020 census is conducted in a non-partisan way  i urge the trump adm…
thank you to all supporters in  ca26  julia brownley nearly doubled her lead after the latest vote update  ventura county congresswoman
peter was wrong  managers do not rise to the level of their incompetence  not in this administration  rick perry…
rt  foodandwater   repcarbajal thank you for sponsoring the w a t e r act to make water service safer  more affordable & accessible  water for a…
republicans say that their tax plan will help the middle class  but nothing could be further from the truth 
rt  transportdems  rm  reppeterdefazio &  eleanornorton sent a letter to the dot urging investment in our nation s infrastructure 
congrats to michi synn of carmel valley and her team on winning  nbcgeniusjunior  here at home  michi is the younge…
rt  officialcbc  cbc chairman  reprichmond signs our 1 300-page jobs and justice act of 2018 after a press conference on thursday  may 10  2…
rt  rebeccarkaplan  top appropriation dem nita lowey praises omnibus for funding child care  transportation infrastructure  national securi…
 arcadiapd thank you for patrolling our city  cityofpomona  pomonapd
yesterday i held a productive meeting with representatives from  cocacolaswb to discuss important issues related to…
the trump administration is tearing children from their parents to punish immigrants seeking asylum at the border …
i was deeply saddened to learn of the passing of former first lady barbara bush   barbara was pioneering and distin…
joined  leaderpelosi and other dem colleagues to once again call for more aid for  pr  in the aftermath of…
just wrote to president trump with a simple proposal  raise the corporate tax rate to 23% to pay for infrastructure
rt  stephenwinkler  getting ready to make calls for  capuano4senate   election today  find your voting location  ma sen
polluting pruitt s motto while running the epa  treat yourself  while treating himself to the high life on the ta…
the g o p tax scam is of  by and for the wealthy and well-connected donor class 
equal pay is not only about respect for the millions of women in our country working to provide for their families …
for the latest emergency updates in english & spanish  visit if you are affected by the fi…
gop approved massive corporate tax cuts at a time when americans are putting off care due to high out-of-pocket cos…
these students have displayed incredible skill & talent in their artwork  i am honored to showcase nevada & share t…
rt  housedemocrats  don t believe the republican spin  the g o p tax scam gives huge tax breaks to the wealthy while millions of middle-class…
met with  girlscouts from seaside and marina  we talked about protecting our environment and how we can all make a…
today my staff is in winslow and springerville to answer your questions about social security  medicaid  and vetera…
rt  dstinc1913   this isn t partisan politics  this is saving lives politics   -- repbeatty d s t4 gun reform
tax season is coming to a close  but scammers are still looking for victims  check out this list of common tax scam…
trump rose to power through fear-mongering  scapegoating immigrants  and ignoring facts  so why should his presiden…
this week  i joined  davidcicilline and 150 of my colleagues in re-introducing the assault weapons ban in the house…
fifty years ago today we lost one of the most remarkable figures in our nation s history  it s important for us to…
ameri corps week is a celebration of all things americorps – from the programs and organizations that make this nat…
gop farm bill  cuts conservation funding by  1 billion and gets rid of the conservation stewardship program–one of…
in the absence of sound presidential leadership  congress must step in to fill the void & uphold our commitments to…
our child welfare system should never be used as a deterrent for immigration  it s an unconscionable way to treat t…
thanks again to m d02 s  alzassociation/ alzmaryland and  redcross/ redcrossbaltdc for having me today and sharing…
i was pleased to announce a new federal grant for the  uofr medical center that will help dr  bidlack & her team co…
these proposed increases are a result of the trump administration s plan to sabotage and undermine the affordable c…
rt  housesbcdems  today  two bills authored by committee democrats  nydiavelazquez and  repdwightevans  passed the house floor  both receiv…
on wednesday  zuckerberg will testify before  housecommerce  i look forward to questioning him 
i m in dc working to end the trump shutdown  in the meantime  i know many of you have questions  and my office has…
we need to know how many wh staffers are being allowed to view sensitive information without a permanent security c…
great questions  repkclark   betsydevosed thinks she can find the solution to gun violence in schools with just 4 t…
rt  sustainableag  this bill should be prioritizing working lands conservation programs  beginning farmer and rancher legislation  renewabl…
thanks to the hard working men and women at  teamstersjc32 for endorsing my campaign again 
deeply disappointed & opposed to the trump administration s doubling down on its plan to ban transgender troops fr…
today is equal pay day  it s not that complicated  your pay shouldn t be based on your genitalia 
8th best female rap collaboration  missy elliott - hot boyz  remix  the track opens with an illmatic mc and is ble…
✊🏽
today is earth day2018 and i support this year s mission to end plastic pollution  small actions we take daily can p…
rt  repdavideprice  while  realdonaldtrump offers his thoughts & prayers to the nation  a reminder that the only gun-violence legislation h…
it s no secret that immigrant rights are under attack  tomorrow from 6 30-8 30  nydiavelazquez and i are cosponsori…
rt  coveredca  alert  today is the last day to enroll in health insurance for 2018  don t miss your chance to get covered 
i m looking forward to speaking at  nationalaction s national convention  click here for more information …
last week  i joined  hardball to discuss  housegop s irresponsible attacks on special counsel mueller and their fai…
back in august  i announced that my office had located the master clock from rochester s 1914 new york central stat…
the republican tax plan blows up the deficit  meaning social security and medicare are on the chopping block  rep …
this is the right move  but this entire debacle illustrates the white house s complete incompetence on vets issues …
if everybody in congress operated like the ag committee  we wouldn t have the problems we have in this country 
  potus  drugprices proposal contains some good ideas  such as providing free generic drugs to seniors  but in tru…
anyone know where the leftover  50 million went  trump and his team sure don t seem to know …
awesome performance  congratulations   james_paxton  big maple no no
the more we learn about 2016 election the more illegitimate it becomes  america deserves to know whether we have a…
on this law enforcement appreciation day  thank you to all our public servants who risk their lives for us each and every day takethe l e a d2017
americans know republicans own the trump shutdown  anyone claiming otherwise should double check who has control in…
when americans pay their taxes as millions did on tax day  they expect their tax dollars will be used to benefit th…
while congressional republicans remain paralyzed by conservative dogma and the gun lobby  this bill empowers concer…
it was great to see bob mckenna  the president/ceo of  vpccorg  dr  john dever  the president of  tnccfeed  and je…
 mrselbrade good question  can t take effect until the next congress 
john mccain battles donald trump with his dying breaths via  nytimes  senjohnmccain is a class act an american he…
rt  youknowmorenow    repdankildee made a great point  it s been 4 years and flint still doesn t have clean drinking water  meanwhile  scot…
on the anniversary of the  ada   we celebrate a milestone in ensuring equal access and the ongoing struggle for disa…
rt  hispaniccaucus  trump & republicans helping hispanics  ❌ terminated  daca  ❌ abandoned hispanic outreach for  aca  ❌ passed tax scam ❌ e…
rt  action_alliance  it s not solely up to congress to advance suicide prevention but it requires partnership and commitment of all sectors…
congrats to the  broadinstitute for sequencing its 100k whole human genome – and what s more  on national d n a day …
yesterday i had the opportunity to speak at the 7th annual adelante hombre latino youth summit at panorama high sch…
deadline tomorrow  march 9  don t miss your chance to submit your public comment about the administration s offshor…
rt  cspanwj  coming up| we continue to take your thoughts on the iran deal  then  reptomrice  r-sc  shares his take on the iran deal   reph…
the u s  department of education was investigating why black students in bryan  texas are almost four times as like…
rt  waltshaub  delaney marsco with  campaignlegal is sitting in the pruitt hearing watching this unfold live  wow  is right  also  tonko is…
on yom hashoah  we remember the 6 million jewish lives lost during the holocaust  we must remain committed to educa…
rt  repdonbeyer   we need to enforce the laws already on the books   say opponents of gun reforms  as they use appropriations riders to ham…
having a great time tonight at the orlando  cattle baron s ball  to help in the fight against cancer  thank you to…
spoke out on the g o p tax scam today which is terrible deal for all but billionaires & corporations who get huge tax…
federal community development block grant funding is supporting community driven neighborhood investments in niagar…
rt  emmanuelmacron  he fought for civil rights with martin luther king  very honored to have  repjohnlewis by my side in the streets of was…
rt  fscdems   we oppose any efforts to undermine this critical protection & will continue to fight for workers & families to ensure they ar…
weeks after giving tax breaks to the wealthy through the g o p tax scam  the trumpbudget was released  it guts housin…
i am deeply saddened to hear about the loss of my colleague  congresswoman louise slaughter  she was a tireless pub…
this military appreciation month  america honors the men and women who serve or have served in the armed forces  to…
i welcome the latest news that the special counsel is broadening his inquiry into the trump organization  the ameri…
rt  lynnsweet  at house hearing  on facebook  rep  bobby rush d-ill   grilling zuckerberg about race and targeted ads and if in complianc…
i will be live tweeting  sensanders town hall tonight on president trump s decision to break the iran deal  i look…
congrats   senduckworth on the newest addition to your family  maile is lucky to have such an amazing  inspiring &…
concluyo expresando la necesidad de cambiar el estatus territorial de pr  uno indigno e insostenible   
wishing  girlscouts a happy 106th birthday  it takes just one girl to change the world  so imagine what all of us c…
happening now  talking news of the day on  cnnsitroom tune in
rt  teammoulton  breaking   sethmoulton leads armed services committee members on letter to secretary mattis opposing the use of department…
keep columbus beautiful   odot_columbus and  columbusgov need your help 
rt  chelliepingree  a stonger america starts with us  on gunviolence  studentloans  votingrights & more   housedemocrats have a plan—htt…
need health coverage  the open enrollment deadline is december 15th  find an affordable plan & get covered →…
rt  hascdemocrats   at first   realdonaldtrump refused to say anything negative at all about president putin in relation to this horrific a…
rt  cbsnews  sen  marco rubio says big businesses aren t investing much of their windfall from president donald trump s tax cuts into their…
rt  hardball  tune in   repjoekennedy plays hardball 
 it is no longer the company that you started in your dorm room  instead it s one of the great american success sto…
rt  tanyabradsher08   dcdoctweets introducing  gracenapolitano at  apapsychiatric briefing on psychiatry s role in improving the physical h…
especially exciting is the fact that  it s women entrepreneurs who are launching businesses at a faster rate than anyone else in new mexico 
this official just became the fourth senior aide to scott pruitt to announce his departure this week  per…
house republicans say the g o p farm bill doesn t cut  snap   that s not true – cuts  9 2 billion in benefits to create…
rt  kusinews  students at  powayunified organized a  town hall for our lives  yesterday to share their thoughts about gun control and schoo…
it was fifty years ago today when one of our country s greatest leaders was taken  through his powerful sermons and…
right now  sec  perdue is before house  appropsdems subcommittee on agriculture  i am asking him about his support…
my staff are at the original evacuation site in winslow as well as twin arrows  you can reach my staff member at tw…
trump may have his foot on the necks of every rep in this house  but he will not stop the justice mueller will bring getreadyforimpeachment
last week i had the honor to meet w/ the passionate and inquisitive students at roosevelt high school in fresno to…
mosquitos  aedes aegypti  that carry dengue can also carry zika  i want hi educated to keep us healthy & safe 
today on the floor  the house will consider eight bills  including a republican bill that undermines a  cfpb rule i…
the footage released by  ntsb of the july 7th near miss  which put roughly a thousand lives in danger  at sfo is al…
as a cosponsor of the bipartisan puppers act  proud congress took action in the omnibus to stop wasteful spending…
rt  repdavideprice  americans are dreamers  and dreamers are americans  instead of holding them hostage to your racist immigration agenda …
rt  brunoamato_1  as a navy veteran i d love to know who at annapolis thought it was a good idea to invite a 5x draft dodger  who called p…
the u s aact is a targeted approach that provides certainty for dreamers while making practical improvements to the…
take time this week to thank all the incredible nurses in our community for their dedication and service  national nurses week
visited  famu_1887 with  repanthonybrown &  repadams to explore the relationship between h b c us & the…
rt  insideepa   we have someone who has no regard  disregard for the public taxpayer someone who doesn t care about the mission they have t…
rt  iam_shalondas  civil rights museum townhall meeting with  benniegthompson  repjohnlewis  senatorbooker  cedricrichmond   mscivilrights…
have a good luck charm in the green room  getting ready for a m joy  joyannreid  amjoyshow  tune in 
thanks to  pva1946  nv  for having team titus at today s open house 
as a former businesswoman and entrepreneur  i know there s more we can do to advance an economic agenda that suppor…
after my 5th annual job fair  i head straight to  airbus in grand prairie to learn how their helicopters are built…
great to be a part of strolling thunder here at the capitol—fighting to make sure our babies & families get the car…
 nga_geoint really enjoyed my visit to  nga_geoint and was so impressed by the men and women who make it hum 
this aid package reflects how our nation -- when called upon to address overwhelming devastation resulting from natural disaster and   
i led my fellow  hispaniccaucus members in calling on  icegov acting director to redirect i c e s limited resources …
just met with a group of students from the international school of the americas in texas to talk about health care…
50 years ago  rev  dr  martin luther king jr  was assassinated in memphis  in his last speech  mlk spoke out agains…
 adambonin 151 votes then 112  i remember both races well 
two days left  get covered at or call 1-800-318-2596 
rt  repgutierrez  this column by  clivemcfarlane captures some of the themes  repmcgovern and i discussed in worcester ma last week  teleg…
both of their pieces now move on to the final round of judging and a chance to hang in the capitol next year  join…
rt  nancypelosi  just seeing all of these go nancy go messages  truly very moving  but let s not lose focus of who really matters here  than…
the  housegop s farm bill is facing criticism from across the political spectrum  including conservative organizati…
rt  repstephmurphy  the students of marjory stoneman douglas returned to class today for the first time since the parkland shooting  what…
while i believe assad s heinous chemical attacks on his own people should not go unpunished  i am concerned that pr…
manufacturing is key to the success of nebraska s job growth and i m committed to advancing skills training in the…
so trump s plan to hold onto his power is to intentionally stoke racial tensions and further divide the country  fu…
rt  tony_claudino   repfilemonvela thank you and your great team for a very good fulbright mtg  fulbrightassoc advocacy day
why not now  better yourself in3 words
i had the chance to talk with d r e a mers on the national mall and listen to their stories  there is no time to waste…
couldn t have been more impressed by this group of young people from  texastech student government — great question…
this week s momentoftruth  the mysterious trump-russia- nra  connection  what are they hiding  what are they afraid…
rt  envam   in my district   coloradostateu & its students are taking the lead  pledging to commit the university to 100% renewable electri…
millions of americans have stepped forward to use all of the tools our democracy affords us to push back against ac…
once again  realdonaldtrump admires his role model and greatest campaign aide vladimir putin  who hasn t won an ele…
am deeply saddened by the passing of ray baum  ray was a dear friend & was proud to work w/ him when we served as p…
my heart goes out to the family  colleagues & loved ones of the jacksonville police officer who passed away in this…
 icymi   reps  tulsi gabbard   reptommacarthur introduce bipartisan bill to support  usedgov impact aid schools in h…
the road to the middleclass is paved on a strong foundation — good jobs  affordable education  robust…
glad the house passed the music modernization act  which creates a new system for the collection & distribution of s…
it was an honor to meet delegate danica roem tonight at the commonwealth dinner
i want to wish every muslim family observing ramadan a blessed and peaceful month  ramadan mubarak 
team dutch s kevin met with residential contractors from maryland and  md02  today to talk about ways to make homes…
rt  dedeptofed  delaware s prostart student invitational took place today in wilmington  students competed in hospitality management and cu…
proud to once again host my annual fishermen s roundtable in newport  oregon coast fisheries are some of the most…
promesa fue mi batalla más fuerte  y estoy convencido de que si se ejecuta debidamente proveerá la ruta para un mejor futuro para pr
i m supporting a resolution that calls for  epascottpruitt s immediate resignation  boot pruitt
i m glad to see that the courts will not let chicago be held hostage to the trump administration s anti-immigrant d…
 either america will destroy ignorance or ignorance will destroy the united states   – w e b  du bois 3/5
thank you for participating in my twitter town hall  i enjoyed answering your questions   ca26  ask julia
rt  budget_policy  in washington s 10th congressional district  s n a pworks to provide food assistance to nearly 10 000 female-headed househ…
my  daughter for the day  scarlett did an amazing job filling in my shoes and giving me a hand around the capitol t…
sending my prayers to bishop murry and the diocese of youngstown during this challenging time  he s in good hands a…
rt  osidenylibrary  we re honored to receive this flag that flew over the capital thanks to  repkathleenrice our us representative  will ha…
 342m in global profits  nearly  200m in share buybacks to reward international investors  1 shuttered american pla…
  repmcnerney and i are still taking questions live in antioch  we will be taking questions from our live audience…
i don t know if  speakerryan is aware of this  but children are expensive to raise  it s impossible enough to survi…
we re going live shortly from tacoma  talking about the farm bill  snap funding  and food insecurity  to watch  vis…
we have a responsibility to continue this fight until every child has equal opportunities and can enjoy the same me…
icymi - special counsel mueller may also be releasing a report on trump s conduct in office  including whether he t…
the life of 24-year-old san pedro resident cole micek was cut tragically short after he was struck by 2 cars while…
i m proud to support the queen of the hill rule to give the american people the debate they deserve  these young peop…
we won t ignore the gun violence  today i continue to demand that congress vote to disarm hate & say not one more 
as this notes  under federal law the ways and means committee could obtain trump s tax returns with a simple vote …
rt  sierraclub  new  we secured huge numbers of emails from pruitt s staff  it s not pretty 
rt  repwalberg  glad to join  repbrochester at  bgov this morning for a discussion about our bipartisan legislation to help strengthen reti…
save the date  i will be hosting my annual senior briefing & health fair this year once again on friday  july 20th…
heading to the house floor to address the chamber one last time  tune in on  cspan 
rt  lseabrookwftv  just received this information from  repdarrensoto s office  who had a conference call with  fema at noon 
trump administration caves to nra pressure and backs off real gun violence prevention legislation  is anyone surpri…
proud to support similar net neutrality legislation here in the house  the fight for a free and open internet conti…
we cannot stand by & let the situation in venezuela get any worse  my bipartisan call for action w/  repmikecoffman 
rt  anacabrera  q  was the house intel investigation a waste of time for congress members  a  rep   tedlieu   i could agree with you that…
today s omnibus vote means more funding to stem the opioid crisis  more jobs for the first district  and more criti…
our thoughts are with the first lady and we wish her a full and speedy recovery from surgery 
thanks  repthompson &  repspeier for joining me in sausalito to discuss the outrageous threat of new offshore oil d…
 promesa  se convertirá en ley en breve   barackobama  whitehouse  presssec
the g o p tax scam makes clear that once the speeches are over and cameras turned off  the middle class isn t a priori…
vp pence has now brought his sycophancy to a whole new level  with questions concerning which senior transition off…
i posted a new photo to facebook
rt  istegemoeller  wa educators teach f e a rless 👊 i m on team mandy  n to y18 🍎 mandyrheawrites  waospi w aedu
thanks to the cameron gulbransen kids transportation act  all passenger vehicles are now required to have backup ca…
thanks to the 8th grade history class from north hollywood s walter reed middle school   reedmsparents  for stoppin…
 hsoig had conducted a thorough review and written a report & submitted to  dhsgov for comment on 10/6  later told…
 melissasarieka net neutrality= free & open internet  fighting to save the internet for consumers & smallbiz 
rt  gwululac   there has been a fear of debate— and that is a disservice -  repdarrensoto
rt  adobegov  federal cio  suzettekent45 will join  reprokhanna  chad sheridan  usda & other government leaders to talk ways government age…
i was on  mpr this morning in moorhead to talk about the farm bill and my re-election campaign 
washington republicans  taxbill is making health care more expensive  don t take my word for it  the president s f…
rt  amazon_policy  amazon thanks  repbillshuster  reppeterdefazio  replobiondo  repricklarsen  repdinatitus  repscottperry and the whole  t…
editorial by  eugene_robinson is right  attempted cover-up must end 
shout-out to gibbs high school and  my_pcs school board chair rene flowers for today s discussion on school safety …
as the congresswoman for california s 40th district  the voices of my constituents guide my decisions each and ever…
attention white house staff  this week s magic trick shows how you can avoid leaks  whether you work for the trump…
every year  i m honored to nominate exceptional young people from our district to attend the nation s military serv…
rt  polishembassyus  amb schnepf visited wilkes-barre  pennsylvania  met w/  repcartwright at  kingscollege_pa htt…
the future of ai act is the first bill of its kind  as the founder of the ai caucus  i believe that it s time for u…
for the polish government to ban specific phrases that it disagrees with is censorship  i strongly condemn…
thanks for stopping by my office  i ll keep doing everything i can to fight for more nih brain research funding 
this week i interviewed jess milbourn  the owner of devil may care ice cream in west sacramento  for a series i m d…
rt  consumerfed  cfa supports  repmarktakano s fair rates act of 2018  which would study racial disparities in the auto insurance market h…
a trump firing   doj will force congressional republicans to choose between the rule of law or reelection with their base 
i just voted in favor of the omnibus spending bill to fund the government  this bill ensures funding for a lot of important programs 
rt  oversightdems  just in   repcummings and  senwarren introduce comprehensive legislation to combat opioid epidemic 
it s clear from mr  zuckerberg s testimony that americans are in need of privacy protections and are looking to co…
rt  waysmeanscmte  while corporations and the wealthiest americans are big winners  charities could see a significant drop in donations bec…
you can run a  1 5 trillion spending spree on your credit card  but eventually you ll have to pay the bill 
nurses are at our sides through some of the best and worst moments in life  during nurses week  i m celebrating the…
rt  amarch4ourlives   i am here to acknowledge and represent the african american girls whose stories don t make the front page  –naomi wad…
i am pleased to mark the start of the 2nd session of the 115th congress by introducing the build america act of 201…
the failure of congress to pass a budget and fund the federal government is a stunning abdication of its most basic…
the flint water crisis can t be allowed to happen elsewhere  congress can—and must—make critical investments in wat…
small biz sat is today  nov 25  when we shop small  we support the small businesses that unite our communities 
rt  jeremycherson1   repseanmaloney  repeliotengel  georgelatimer37  mayormikespano  riverkeeper  scenichudson speaking on the results of t…
los soñadores de nevada han esperado demasiado tiempo por una solución legislativa para la incertidumbre que impact…
read more about the  380 million i helped secure in the omnibus spending bill to help states upgrade their electio…
even as the only girl in her class  beatrice tinsley attended  utaustin obtaining her doctorate in cosmology  she c…
  normornstein is right  the sinclair-tribune merger would be a major setback for america s media  that s why i int…
good news  we ve reduced the uninsured rate among adults in america by 26% → a c a works
instead  these rules would allow unscrupulous  for-profit sham colleges to rip off students and often the u s  taxp…
rt  bread4theworld  we agree with  mazonusa and are also grateful for  repmcgovern s continued leadership to protect s n a p and endhunger  h…
a7  let s be clear   epascottpruitt s toxic agenda is burdening taxpayers and future generations with the costs of…
rt  repdonaldpayne  the russians — and the midterms — are coming | by  benniegthompson  repbrady
rt  rxsummit    repkclark  there aren t enough treatment specialists available to help the number of people who need it  this is an urgent…
moments of silence and hollow thoughts and prayers are not enough to stop the gun epidemic that plagues this nation…
many lawmakers opposed sandy relief funding & then demanded relief funding after hurricanes in florida and texas la…
my statement on hud  secretarycarson s appalling plan to increase rent on americans 
 otd  in 1949   nato  was formed  the importance & impact of this partnership cannot be overstated  in the interest o…
the gop farmbill would cut  snap  benefits by  23 billion compared to the 2014 version of the bill  that means mill…
either  epascottpruitt doesn t understand the settled science of man-made climate change  or he s helping out his…
rallied with students at march for our lives in long beach  ny04   thank you for speaking up & demanding action   nra … 
do you know a north carolina student or recent graduate who may be interested in interning in my office  applicatio…
i m proud to have helped develop the framework for the new jersey tax cut bill  which was signed into law less than…
rt  raiseupmo  since the last national minimum wage increase  missourians making  7 85 have lost  1 120 in purchasing power raise the wage h…
some of my colleagues want to slash & burn social security & i will oppose them  no cutting benefits  no vouchers …
i was honored to attend the medal of honor ceremony for the five courageous uscp officers who risked their lives to…
a big thank you to all the  wa01  students who participated in this year s congressional art competition  so great to…
my full interview with  cnn  wolfblitzer  situationroom yesterday on ronny jackson  & latest news that expelled…
rt  cspan    repalgreen on impeachment  watch complete 34 minute speech here 
i hope everyone had a great labor day  thank you santa paula for hosting a fantastic parade   ca26  julia brownley
this mothers day  i m working with my colleagues to end preventable maternal death & make this a national priority …
this cannot stand 
glad to meet with the u c  agriculture & natural resources leadership team  from hard working farmers to families w…
honored to deliver the commencement address to the graduating class  uindy this morning  now more than ever we need…
starting shortly  press conference in sacramento to address  realdonaldtrump s unconstitutional decision on…
want a signed copy of my new book  pre-order  big guns  from any bookseller then enter the giveaway before april 1…
we cannot allow ourselves to become desensitized to abuses of power within the trump administration  the president …
i join today in solidarity with america s students demanding action to end gun violence  young people across the cou…
happy read across america day  thank you to the kindergartners at minter bridge elementary in hillsboro for reading…
thanks to some of the boy scouts from the quad cities area for stopping by and saying hi 
more disturbing but unsurprising proof that  realdonaldtrump &  epascottpruitt are twisting the epa into an agency…
sporadic bombings and fake timetables are not anywhere close to the well-thought-out strategy we need to successful…
california residents  be on the lookout for new medicare cards coming in the mail this month  learn more at
americans deserve a plan that protects their current health care  expands enrollment  & reduces costs for everyone …
with today s tragic school shooting in maryland  we  once again  call on  marcorubio and  reptomgarrett to withdraw…
this week  the san diego county board of supervisors sent the wrong message to the immigrant community in san diego…
the  fcc will vote this morning on net neutrality rules  we must say no to handing power to big corporations at the…
manufacturers profiting off pain  a horrendous reality of the opioid epidemic
today  housejudiciary passed the biggest update to copyright law in a generation  to ensure that everyone who makes…
the mueller investigation must be protected at all costs  it s time for the  housegop to get serious  put country b…
a a p i veterans were often under-awarded or not awarded at all for actions of valor that go far beyond the call of duty   aapi  veterans
rt  hughcwelsh  thrilled to be here at hackensack university medical center for the fda roundtable with  repjoshg
north carolina lost an icon this week in millie dunn veasey  a world war ii veteran  civil rights leader  and activ…
hearing weapons discharged this morning at  nsa   nsagov but no injuries from gunshots  no fatalities  no ongoing threat   md02 
rt  repalgreen  let s give hate an expiration date  there will be an impeachment vote before christmas  repeal and replace trump
great news  the  usfws proposed removing oscoda s kirtland warbler from the list of endangered species  proud of th…
lacy  this is what my friend & colleague  repjohnlewis calls  good trouble   i won t give up on achieving common se…
today  we pause to honor the sacrifices of our brave men and women in uniform  we can express our thanks by continu…
no parent should ever have to bury a child who goes to school and never comes home  we must find the strength to do…
net neutrality protects innovators & small businesses in the san gabriel valley & all across la county   fcc repeal…
learned about how hampton roads  localities and the military are working together to combat sea level rise and addr…
rt  mnfarmersunion  mfu members joined  amyklobuchar &  collinpeterson at farm bill press conference yesterday in moorhead 
rt  gavinmacskin  today  reps gerry connolly  d-va  & ami bera  d-ca   members of the house foreign affairs committee  sent a letter to nat…
it s hard not to see this trump shutdown as the plan all along  he created the problem by ending daca and then told…
today   appropsdems came together to meet the needs of our service members  veterans  & their families  i am confi…
rt  anacabrera  should  realdonaldtrump have gone to congress before launching missile strike   repgaramendi calls it an  act of war  
we honor latinas for their unique contributions to  usa   i am honored to be joined by  sencortezmasto in introduci…
👉fyi  i signed onto bicameral/bipartisan legislation to protect ind  counsel mueller & ongoing investigation …
when unions are strong  working families succeed—especially women and people of color  unrigthe system
i recently sat down with jim nintzel to give an update on what is going on in washington  we covered the investment…
deadline this friday  march 9  don t miss your chance to submit your public comment about the administration s offs…
investments in cutting-edge medical research will improve health outcomes  ease suffering  and provide thousands –…
the intelligence committee unanimously voted to declassify the dem memo  sent to  potus to screen out sensitive inf…
my bipartisan prepare act is a commonsense bill that would save lives & taxpayer dollars 
cast my ballot in oak park this morning  great to see so many volunteers out across vc  please vote   ca26 
rep  cicilline congratulates abigail worden of east providence  the winner of his 2018 congressional art competition
rt  albrightknox  we re proud to announce erie county free week at the ak from march 29 to april 5  2018  we invite all erie county residen…
don t hesitate calling my dc or omaha office if you need help  we ve got your back   ne02 
thanks to gw bush for his honesty  his words and sentiments are powerful & i hope politicians and the american people will read his speech 
rt  edworkforcedems  we stand ready to lead and do our job with regard to this difficult subject  enough is enough
inspiring words from an economic justice warrior equal pay day2018 equal pay day paycheck fairness act
in missouri  the top 5% of earners will receive 63% of the state s tax breaks from the g o p tax scam  how s that for…
rt  repdarrensoto  today  i introduced bill  hr5292  ensuring accurate census count of all persons in the usa  regardless of race  citizens…
happy birthday   repcardenas 
at a meeting with community leaders working in refugee resettlement  i spoke about my ongoing work in congress to…
today is equal pay day  the date when a women s average wage catches up to what her male counterpart made the previo…
rt  kkunitehere  hands off pants on  hopo  watch 20/20 tonight with diane sawyer  10east/9central  watch for unitehere housekeepers from…
rt  davidcicilline  new  my letter to the senate foreign relations committee asking them to reject mike pompeo s secretary of state nominat…
a final rule is still several months away but this is a step in the right direction 
  metrolosangeles is conducting a feasibility study to identify and evaluate a range of high-capacity rail transit…
today  i testified before  natresources &  nrdems expressing the importance of establishing the home of medgar ever…
this evening  the holy month of ramadan begins for muslims around the world  i wish all who are observing in the te…
congress must investigate the false ballistic missile alarm in hawaii  an unforgivable false alarm that took 38 min…
could you or someone you know be at risk for heart disease  you can reduce your risk by staying physically active …
  cleanocean beach sweeps rally at sandy hook with sponsor valerie montecalvo and family from bayshore recycling 
trump allowed the nunes memo to be released today despite intelligence officials  concerns  good leaders don t play…
usa is a nation of immigrants  many of us are descendants of those who came to its shores in search of a better life  freedom of religion act
i wish i could say i m surprised by these numbers…but i can t  g o p tax bill
rt  vermontfoodbank  house farm bill aims to make harmful cuts to key nutrition programs like snap/3squaresvt  read the latest from the foo…
  whitehouse cos john kelly thinks immigrants that don t speak english can t be a part of the american dream  when…
a moment of silence for parkland is not enough  let s listen to these brave students & pass gun safety legislation…
45 releases fake infrastructure plan today  no money left to repair crumbling bridges/roads/tunnels after…
happy college signing day to ca41  i am proud to employ alumni from 6 ca public universities in my dc office and wel…
why can t the white house take our nation s out-of-control opioid crisis seriously  we need a serious  nonpartisan…
rt  row2k  new today  men s collegiate outlook  tradition and streaks on the line
rt  msnbc   it looks a lot from where i sit as obstruction and that these individuals are acting as the president s fixers in congress     …
i want to see statutory protection  the best protection we could possibly get for netneutrality if i could  i d li…
rt  huskerfbnation  can you feel it  it s game day  😈🌽✊  gbr 
rt  govtrack    repcartwright wrote the most bills  got the most cosponsors of the sophomore reps in 2015  more in our govstats 
26 former israeli military officers & former security agency leaders agree that the iran deal is working  saying if…
it s about time  the actions by these russian individuals and businesses were uncovered by the…
a 17-year-old arizona girl was left over  725 000 in debt after criminals opened 42 accounts in her name  our bill…
rt  qvcc  advanced manufacturing students get jobs even before they graduate  enroll for fall  repjoecourtney advancedmanufacturing
congressman danny k  davis statement on fy18 budget agreement
congratulations to the village of glenview  illinois epa  & the glenview community on a well-deserved award  as all…
excited to see advancement to help our safety and infrastructure   this work can inform risk assessment studies  u…
starbucks sitting while black arrests reenforce the continuing need for the work of my commission on black men and boys 
last night members of the  energycommerce committee held a special order  it s an opportunity at the end of the day…
a fair salary can mean the difference between poverty & economic security for a family  black womens equal pay
rt  irsnews  tax day update   irs  provides an extra day for taxpayers to file and pay their taxes following system issues  file by midnight…
rt  repcleaver  it s a sorry state our government is in when we have become so partisan that even the democratically-elected house chaplain…
joined my fellow  seec members today to stand in solidarity w/ those who will be marching for climate jobs  justice…
50 yrs ago today  lbj signed the fair housing act to ban discrimination in the sale and renting of homes  today  we…
thank you for your advocacy  nursestakedc  you look powerful today 
president trump s decision to withdraw from the iran nuclear deal is illogical  shortsighted  and extremely dangero…
rt  repgutierrez  a timeline   daca  offers trump has rejected - cnnpolitics twill here to stay
the cost of the average inpatient hospital procedure in northern california exceeded that in southern california by…
americans need real relief from the price gouging and the greed of pharmaceutical companies  yet the president s an…
thank you to coalition members for meeting with me this week  it was powerful to listen to…
rt  maine_south  c team in action today at the energy and commerce meeting room in dc 207 now
 bhm  spotlight  longview  texas native and academy award winner forest whitaker continues his prolific acting caree…
in celebration of small biz week i stopped for lunch at  marclamonthill s  unclebobbies  a café   bookstore in the❤️…
rt  edworkforcedems   icymi  yesterday  ranking member  bobbyscott was recognized for his commitment to supporting quality after-school oppo…
this morning i had the opportunity to give the keynote speech at a roundtable hosted by cmu and then listen to regi…
today i voted for and the house passed the bipartisan 21st century irs act for a long overdue modernization the age…
the academy is supported by the non-profit   opp_helps_youth  and our office assisted in the expedition of their no…
over half of small biz owners said the g o p tax scam will not give them an equal playing field  we have to do more to…
as the son of educators & as a former professor  i ve seen the impact that a teacher can have on a student  teacher…
rt  senatedems  why did speaker ryan delete this tweet  maybe because the gop wants you to thank them for  1 50 per week but corporations…
rt  jmclaughlinsais  as a subject or observer of cong oversight of intell for 40 years  i ve never seen a party drive a stake thru the proc…
rt  repbillfoster    realdonaldtrump has denied the science of climatechange and let  epascottpruitt gut environmental regulations  it s d…
i was happy to join east stroudsburg south high school s advanced placement u s  government class and their teacher…
memorial day2016 is a reminder of what makes our nation the greatest in the world  citizens willing to give everything for our democracy 
rt  politicolive  productivity is not everything  distribution is part of this conversation   if you look at the gap between productivity g…
rt  autismvotes  thank you  repraskin for representing autism advocates during world autism month  light it up blue congress4 l i u b
 senatormenendez  corybooker  senbooker  frankpallone  repjoshg  donaldnorcross  repdonaldpayne  repsires happy bir…
about to go on  cspanwj to talk about the news and take your live questions 
another school shooting in america  praying for safety of the maryland hs students 🙏🏽 things are falling apart in this country  enough 
on may 8  ohioans can take a step forward toward fairer  more representative congressional districts  fair maps are…
tax reform should focus on middle class relief  the house gop bill shortchanges everyday americans in favor of corp…
happy to announce that ct s women s business center  wbc  will receive a  75 000 grant to expand operations to sout…
great to enjoy this weekend s sunny spring weather in eastern ct  had the chance to stop by the 2018 hockanum brew…
did you know today is world kidney day  a great way to love your kidneys is to get screened for  ckd   which dispropo…
today on holocaust remembrance day  we pause around the world to remember the millions of lives lost during the hol…
had a great week of congressional orientation  now eager to get to work for ventura county 
rt  sensanders  over 50 killed in gaza today and 2 000 wounded  on top of the 41 killed and more than 9 000 wounded over the past weeks  th…
hid the scissors this time  let s do this  go blue 
they contribute to our local communities and know only one country  america 
libby & i were out meeting voters  incl  a few first-time voters  early this morning w/ our friend stan ramos for c…
i had the opportunity to discuss trade  human rights  and political reform with  statedept s  wpatrickmurphy last w…
the president continues to focus disproportionately on the criminal aspects of the multi-faceted problem  but i t…
rt  sao13th   icymi  | school security update from superintendent eakins and state attorney andrew warren via
diplomacy is a delicate art that depends on trustworthiness and unity among allies  president trump s decision toda…
great to kick off  captocap18  today with leaders from our health care system in sacramento  thanks to our great spe…
rt  repadams  women-owned small businesses are the economic engines of our communities  employing millions each year  they need a a better d…
a8  comprehensive immigration reform is long overdue  it s inhumane & immoral to allow millions of people who suppo…
rt  newsweek  trump impeachment gains support as 66 democrats vote in favor in losing effort
fire season is coming  we can t afford to have our air tankers grounded by red tape  we just passed a plan to help…
i m eager to go to congress to work for all ventura county residents in 2013  have a happy and safe new year 
rt  longbeachpost    supjanicehahn appointed tiffany boyd  who is believed to be the first member of the commission to have spent time in f…
these ideas have given rise to some of the worst atrocities in human history  and they must be condemned 
this small business week  i m excited to highlight  ca13  small businesses  the owners of  dangfoods in berkeley pro…
rt  housedemwomen  women of color must work even longer to catch up to what white men made in 2017 ⬇️ -black women must work until august…
the deadline is approaching fast  wa-02 hs students  showcase your artistic talents in the congressional art compet…
i and my democratic  energycommerce colleagues have asked chairman  repgregwalden to hold hearings asap to address…
proud that captain tammie jo shults was stationed at point mugu in ventura county when she was in the navy  thank y…
now standing in solidarity with brave and bold students demanding action to prevent gun violence  enough is enough…
we re working with tohono o odham national chairman edward manuel to fund indian health services  ensuring every ar…
rt  repdwightevans  thank you to the amazing group of students from philly s central high school for stopping by and visiting me in our nat…
rt  fscdems  today  ranking member  repmaxinewaters spoke on the house floor in opposition of  hr1153   a bill that would undermine the stro…
rt  mbaks_voice  our  mbakingsno members & ga team had the opportunity to sit down with  repricklarsen this week to talk about federal issu…
opening day for little league in ardsley 
rt  senkamalaharris  pompeo s record on torture  surveillance  and the collection and use of metadata are inconsistent with american nation…
rt  repdwightevans  french president   emmanuelmacron  gets it  we must build a better future for our children  we can t leave the most vu…
rt  morningsmaria  iran is a major supporter of assad in syria   repgaramendi
the uninsured rates among lower-income adults rose from 20 9 percent in 2016 to 25 7 percent in march 2018 
rt  ranasarkar_  great to connect with us representative zoe lofgren  repzoelofgren in san jose on future of trade & talent across border…
ending title ii net neutrality protection is wrong  it is yet another attack on those attempting to bring about the beloved community 
while the gop bill gives the very wealthy enormous tax breaks  it actually raises taxes on tens of millions of midd…
rt  lindseyroman  went on everytown so i could call out my reps accepting money from the nra  but  senatordurbin   repdannydavis and  sendu…
i cosponsored legislation by  usrepmikedoyle to preserve a free and open internet and overturn the fcc s decision t…
rt  caucusonclimate  we need more headlines like this  appalachia s struggling coal communities find hope in transition to clean energy we…
thank you  patientaccess for recognizing my commitment to protecting seniors  access to medicare part b in  ne02  
january 31  2018 – lincoln high school  philadelphia  pennsylvania photo  philadelphia public schools photo  anni…
taking away net neutrality gives telecom companies control over which websites and services consumers can access  i…
jean marzollo was a hudson valley treasure who brought education & wonder to millions of children & parents  i reme…
rt  hispaniccaucus   the chief of staff s bigoted comments about immigrants seeking refuge are a slap in the face to the generations of peo…
rt  dmontyjr  rep  jamie raskin throws out the first pitch on opening day of the takoma park silver spring girls softball season   repraski…
yes  we re a nation of laws  but is that all we are  can t we also be a nation of compassion  opportunity  and dece…
this disturbing sinclair propaganda is exactly why  repdavideprice and i introduced a bill to to close sinclair me…
small businesses are the backbone to our economy  especially in florida - since 2011  they ve had a  19 2 billion…
rt  allinwithchris  joining  chrislhayes tonight   carolleonnig  reptedlieu  woodruffbets  harrylitman  c4kyliem  olivianuzzi jennifer rodg…
mission accomplished  not so easy mr  president  your mission is incomplete  until you develop a long-term strate…
rt  thebeatdc  30 million meals were due to puerto rico  only 50k made it   repcummings and rep   staceyplaskett want the receipts 
join us in  cityofpomona it s a great day to join the annual community cleanup day
tonight  maize and blue in the final two  we re all pulling for you  umichbball  go blue
rt  senwarren  the  officialcbc is hosting a twitter town hall right now on our broken criminal justice system  this is a powerfully import…
starting shortly  at 10 a m  ct  i ll visit  depaulu & meet with journalism students for an open discussion on fre…
rt  flcitrusmutual  thanks to  repdarrensoto for joining us at our april board meeting today in bartow 
rt  richardbayne845  rep  sean patrick maloney  d-cold spring  right  talks with veterans harvey horn  left  and raymond mellin  both forme…
today i joined members of congress and thousands of students for national walkout day outside the u s  capitol in an…
just in  the  usgao has concluded an investigation i requested with a finding that the epa violated federal law by…
rt  rebleber  sitting across from him at the table  dem rep  mccollum tells pruitt   frankly i think you should resign 
it s common sense that domestic abusers shouldn t have the right to possess any type of firearm  i m glad that ny h…
last year  republicans wrote a law that gives 83% of the tax savings to the top 1%  now  86 million american famili…
and yet  they keep happening  every single week  this cannot continue—we need common sense laws to reduce gun viole…
trump shutdown fact  according to s&p global analysts  the shutdown will cost the economy about  6 5 billion per we…
rt  civilrightsorg    senschumer  on the 64th anniversary of brownv board on thursday  my republican colleagues aren t rolling out new educ…
delaney hosts vietnam war commemoration and pinning ceremony in frederick
trump announced friday that he will deport thousands of honduran families who have been contributing to our communi…
as a past recipient of the  lbjfoundation s liberty & justice for all award  i m looking forward to tonight s annua…
with our president s attacks on women  immigrants  lgbtq  community & working families  we here at team brownley ha…
portland town hall meeting saturday  march 10  10 30am-11 30am nw neighborhood cultural center 1819 nw everett st …
tomorrow  don t miss the free tax return preparation workshop hosted by my office  join us from 12-4 p m  at the po…
our bill aims to increase retirement savings by providing employers and employees with another tool to save for th…
blasted so-called president on house floor this morning  how dare this guy lecture us about treason
met with  secshulkin and  housevetaffairs to find ways to improve healthcare for our veterans
amen
the  aca  helps hardworking families by guaranteeing that all insurance plans cover essential health benefits like d…
thanks to the students at deer valley high school  great discussion about current events and what s happening in ou…
1st time i ran for office was to fight an english-only resolution by residents of monterey park upset by the growin…
this morning  i spoke on the importance of guaranteeing coal miners  pensions
lead by example  thank you   joebiden  issues conference
mr  president  you are getting poor legal advice from mr  digenova  the fact that you can fire someone doesn t mean…
any honest effort by congress to address the opioids epidemic must include measures to stabilize and strengthen the…
icymi  i visited several senior centers in  ct01  recently  including the one in we ha to discuss my social security…
rt  fema_brock  thank you  judgecarter  reproybalallard and cmte members for the opportunity to establish  fema s needs for the future 
 bhm  spotlight  born on a cotton plantation to texas sharecroppers  tom bradley went on to serve as the first afric…
my open letter to survivors of sexual assault  rape is rape   medium
thank you for naming me in your black excellence edition  i know many muslims who are comin…
rt  policylink   repmarciafudge &  repdwightevans introduce a bill to bolster  healthyfoodaccess and economic revitalization in underserved…
today  we remember the millions of people who perished because of who they were and what religion they worshiped  w…
yesterday  democrats offered 10 separate motions in the house to end the government shutdown  republicans blocked e…
rt  housedemocrats  fifty years after the loss of his mentor and friend  dr  martin luther king  jr    repjohnlewis reminds us that real pr…
struggling to heat your home or apartment this winter  you might want to check out liheap  the federal low-income h…
on holocaust remembrance day  we honor the jewish survivors & remember those who were killed  we must be vigilant in…
we are wearing black to the  sotu  as we stand in solidarity with the countless victims of sexual harassment who hav…
our local  villamyriamcafe takes us all the way to columbia  where this family s hacienda grows coffee beans  thes…
honored to celebrate cinco de mayo in roseland today  a reminder of the deep and lasting connection between mexico…
touring the science academy and med high in mercedes  tx was very rewarding today  both schools have incredible   
i look forward to the day when tribal sovereignty and government-to-government consultation is ingrained in our gov…
glad to see that  potus reconsidered & waived the jones act  this will help to get much-needed aid to puerto rico …
rt  nydiavelazquez    realdonaldtrump  our fellow americans  lives are on the line  puerto rico must receive every resource it needs to con…
just in time for summer  the palm park pool is now open  after funding months of extensive renovations  i m thrille…
happy thanksgiving 
president trump still hasn t condemned putin for blaming jews for election meddling  he must not want to criticiz…
businesses shouldn t have the privilege of  waiting and seeing  if they discriminate against a person with disabili…
my bill would give the government the authority to regulate the price of prescription drugs and ensure no american …
breaking news  in white house mix-up  natl guard deploys against  jeffbezos  mattis   someone screwed with my order…
today is national drug take back day  removing unused prescriptions from your home can save lives and prevent addict…
climate change and strong environmental institutions may not be on  epascottpruitt s list of priorities  but the wo…
rt  dedeptofed  delaware high school students and families - attend the de pathways student expo on wed   march 21  4-7pm  at the chase cen…
joining this important profession will be the 24 graduates of  encuentronm s home health aide program  as a…
rt  sierraclublive   mr  president  if pruitt won t resign  fire him    repraskin boot pruitt
happy birthday   diamondbarcity  drop by pantera park to celebrate with some free birthday cake and carnival rides 
thank you  colsschforgirls for hosting the 3rd revive civility tour stop  1 000  central ohio students have now t…
rt  conservationpa  thank you   repbrendanboyle  for standing with the environment and pa families & scoring 94 on the latest  lcvoters nat…
 ladylex02139 go with cap - you won t be disappointed  dm if you still have questions - we want to earn your vote  masen
i joined  teamcavuto this afternoon to discuss the importance of protecting robert mueller from being fired  you ca…
our children need far more than moments of silence  they need leaders of action  i continue to stand in support of…
there s still time to submit your artwork for the 2015 congressional art competition  details  seattle
the president s public posturing on potential military action in syria is reckless and irresponsible  launching mis…
happy pride  northampton  proud to celebrate in a city where everyone is welcome & no one s invisible or left behi…
i m joining  cnnsitroom in a few moments to discuss news of the day 
 joenbc  i will always defend your right to freedom of speech even when it s against me and i hope you will defend…
the vast majority of americans know that we can build and modernize infrastructure while keeping environment and p…
veterans & their families welcome to attend  hope to see you there 
because of the g o p tax scam  the top 5% of california s earners will score 65% of the tax breaks  while the backbone…
you are a disgrace 
rt  matthewbrobbins  throwback thursday to 2007 and a trip to uruguay with  acypl and  joaquincastrotx
at a time when 20 veterans a day are taking their own lives and 30 000 provider positions at the va remain unfilled…
 fema should not end food and water aid to american citizens in puerto rico  or anywhere in our country for that ma…
rt  georgetownlaw  thursday 4/19  panel discussion on congressional oversight of  doj  and  fbi  in the trump era featuring  vicnourse  geo…
trump being president is not  really the way life in america is supposed to work  
the same story reports on internal emails showing a career epa ethics official warning pruitt  after he was invited…
rt  repdonbacon  last night  the house passed the soccer caucus  resolution  h con res  111 expresses support for north america s united bi…
i m joining  anacabrera on  cnnnewsroom in a few moments to discuss syria  i hope you can tune in 
reminder  still time on giving tuesday to support many worthy causes & nonprofits on this day of action  together …
rt  msnbc   what mr  trump is trying to do — he s trying to be mr  putin  this is exactly what mr  putin would do if he was in charge   re…
  gopsenate s healthcare repeal is no better than  housegop s  22 mil w/o insurance &  772 bil cut from medicaid to give wealthy a tax break
more than 68 000 veterans are addicted to opioids  we must do everything to help them 
i m grateful to senators mccain and coons for the leadership they ve shown by introducing the u s aact  our bipartis…
our team joined  ccarizona for the opening of their new mana house facility  which provides a holistic  transitiona…
fattah team / real results / all of philadelphia s traffic signals turn green – city of philadelphia s news & alerts
ending  tps  will have wide-ranging & negative consequences  please read more here 
long ago  we made a commitment to our veterans  for their service to our country  we promised to provide them with…
rt  tuberculolsis  was so honored to represent  we_are_tb and all the tb patients in the usa and abroad who have benefited from the work of…
 fmla  was an important step forward for working families  and 25 years later  it s time for national paidleave …
americans deserve to know when foreign powers are funding propaganda on our airwaves  like russia is doing with the…
i toured  feedhopenow yesterday to learn more about how they are fighting hunger in our community  we also discusse…
icymi  rep  cicilline led dozens of his colleagues in calling on president trump to request epa administrator pruit…
rt  mattsmithgpghcc  federal investment is critical for our region s high priority projects that will continue to drive innovation & connec…
rt  nrdems  breaking  the trump admin is moving the country closer to opening the arctic refuge to drilling  house dems sent a letter to  …
the ndaa released last friday signals both  usnavy and eastern ct defense manufacturers like  gdelectricboat that c…
adm  cecil haney steps down from his  us_stratcom post today  thank you for your leadership  adm  statement …
association health plans sound great  but the truth is they are bare-bones plans that don t offer true coverage & r…
i posted a new photo to facebook
last call  submissions to the 2018 congressional art competition are due today  learn more here 
the  librarycongress is the nation s oldest federal cultural institution & largest library in the world -- with a w…
net neutrality is about protecting fairness  openness  and competition  reversing the rules puts our free speech at risk 
whether it s cleaning up a local park  volunteering at a shelter  or assisting the seniors in our community  i enco…
rt  ktchelidzetc  spending the day with  repjoecourtney on his tour of willimantic to celebrate national small business week  windhamchamber…
the gop tax plan gave 83% of the money to the richest 1%  but the gop donor class is mad they didn t get more  thos…
 marc4justice  dcgirlsbaseball  usabaseballwnt  ewbc_baseball  mlbdevelops love it  one generation paying it forwar…
in crisis-area refugee camps where everything is in short supply  it s easy to forget the basics such as women s he…
he gave his life for us 
today i mourn the loss of my dear friend & one of the greatest leaders & activists in the world  winnie mandela  i…
big news  worcester today celebrates 500 000  jetblue passengers served by  flyworcester  a huge milestone  proud…
because of the g o p tax scam  the middle class in massachusetts gets left behind  meanwhile  the top 5% of earners in…
 when the parkland students started advocating  other students acknowledged that we too have a voice  we have a rig…
 otd  50 years ago  the fair housing act became law  today  we continue the fight against housing discrimination be…
 ashleyrparker  lediplomatedc mr  administrator  take the green line to u street and walk to  lediplomatedc  i bet…
americans want action to end gun violence  in fact  97% of gun owners want to see congress require background check…
let me get this straight   secretaryzinke is raising park fees on americans  while lowering the fees paid by oil co…
this sunday i m holding a townhall for veterans & their families  🇺🇸
passenger safety  not profit  should be paramount  crist amendment to faa bill will investigate whether faa policy…
today my colleagues  in the senate are leading the fight to save the internet  i am proud to support  usrepmikedoyle…
the pension crisis affects 1 5 million retirees nationwide  republicans chose a trump shutdown over working with de…
a year ago  in a galaxy not so far away   housegop tried and failed to strip health care away from millions of amer…
as millions of americans face dire futures of financial uncertainty  it is my hope that  bizroundtable will use its…
he turned a tragedy into a legacy of helping others  i am proud to call him my constituent and look forward to cont…
when i was a  mke  public school student  i went without breakfast every day because my mom couldn t afford to buy e…
icymi  delaware s mobile driver s license pilot program was featured on  todayshow  we re always looking for more…
if it s what you say  i don t love it 
after numerous close calls and runway incursions  including 3 at sfo  i have been working with experts  the faa  &…
sign up to circulate petitions  without this work  our progressive candidates can t even appear on the ballot    
happy easter to all who are observing this sacred day  i wish you and your loved ones a day of joy 
rt  repmaloney  i applaud the 4 brave women who spoke out about the outrageous and abusive behavior of ag schneiderman  his resignation  ho…
rt  oversightdems  breaking  extreme right-wing anti-choice group behind effort by trump administration to help states terminate planned pa…
rt  oversightdems  just in  top dems to gowdy subpoena dhs for ig report on president trump s muslim ban 
today s decision by  realdonaldtrump allows iran to get back on track developing nuclear weapons - an entirely unfo…
rt  sarah_willets  check out which tracts in durham are being considered for the tax incentive designation  gkbutterfield is talking about…
rt  glassmanamanda   ghsa  globalhealth
rt  bettymccollum04    realdonaldtrump is ignoring the russia threat  but congress doesn t have to  we should pass legislation to enforce…
proud to join all of young people leading us in march for our lives in chicago & other cities across the country  we…
people immigrate to america because they are inspired by our commitment to justice and democracy 
congress should pass the special counsel independence and integrity act without delay 
fact   epascottpruitt is currently under seven separate investigations  he needs to be held accountable for his fai…
new mexico has some of the best wind and solar resources in the country  let s invest in renewables  create jobs …
now you re learning   johnfetterman
rt  dpham20   replipinski  we must understand scope of problem  and how reporting system becomes accessible and responsive   nsf is requiri…
rt  norwalklasd  thank you keynote speaker  supjanicehahn for sharing such an inspirational  personal testament of your faith this morning…
in honor of international womens day  sencortezmasto & i are introducing the first congressional resolution during…
the house is in session this week  here s what we re scheduled to vote on
a  behind the scenes  look at my tour with  mayoroleary as we checked out the work being done at the anamet site on…
rt  cal_fire  even with good defensible space and home hardening  creating a wildfire action plan is crucial  thousands of wildfires spark t…
the pacific rim institute provides local communities with the tools they need to live sustainably through restoring…
¿se está preguntando qué significan las últimas decisiónes judiciales sobre  daca  para usted y su familia  lea esta…
sba s nationwide network of women s business centers can help women entrepreneurs across the country start and grow…
it was a pleasure to meet and join  npraudie on  npratc this afternoon to discuss the latest on the iran deal  tun…
as a mom & policymaker i take very seriously my responsibility to keep children safe  i m on my way back to our nat…
 epaoig  tgowdysc amid all of this scrutiny  the administrator canceled a taxpayer-funded trip to israel  showing t…
under the guise of  reviewing welfare programs   realdonaldtrump is targeting america s most vulnerable people  he…
 chakafattah
the circus has just begun  i mean welcome to the house mr   so-called  president
congresswoman sheila jackson lee urges all stakeholders to work together to produce a solution that benefits all sc…
a tornado watch is in effect for parts of alabama through 11pm - the  cityofbhamal has opened three emergency shel…
it was great to finally meet you  taylor 
make no mistake - the balanced budget amendment is not a sudden commitment to fiscal responsibility by the  gop  in…
this goes beyond just refueling saudi-led coalition jets and targeting-assistance  our troops continue to see their…
rt  utahdinebikeyah   reprubengallego tells runners of the bears ears prayer run alliance he is visiting to  listen and learn  more about bea…
despite millions marching sat   the magnitude of gop s war on women remains astounding   1/2   ppmass  prochoicemass
3/ question  who did  realdonaldtrump hire at  cfpb -- the agency that protects consumers from predatory payday len…
i appreciate the action of gov  holcomb to recognize the immediate concerns of calumet residents in east chicago 
good luck to our hometown hero  jose ramirez  in tomorrow night s fight for the  wbcboxing s world title at…
on trans day of visibility i want to let every member of this strong and courageous community know that i see you and…
last night w  edshow i discussed my support of  barackobama s paid leave plan 4 hardworking americans  waysmeanscmte
rt  megburrow    repjoshg wants hhs to report on current pilot programs and resources available to athletes and coaches to find out  what i…
 billyeichner thank you 
my dig once policy will make it easier for states and broadband providers to enter new and underserved markets by l…
rt  politicsk12  don t close hundreds of public schools in puerto rico  that s the message from democratic lawmakers like  rosadelauro  nyd…
we re holding two town halls in el paso on monday  june 4  a general town hall at 9am  and a veteran town hall at 1…
fattah neuroscience initiative- 1 billion suffer from a brain illness / over 50 million here in u s -
thank you  potus &  flotus for your years of service  you made us proud 
6 yrs after becoming law  the stop trading on congressional knowledge act i wrote with  louiseslaughter carries on…
at signing of  govraimondo s executive order on mental health parity with  pjk4brainhealth  rep  cicilline pledges…
america will miss barbara bush  a first lady and an american with true grace and compassion 
i do not support president trump s tweets over the weekend and wish he would allow mr  mueller s team to do their j…
i joined jon keller this morning to talk about congressional leadership s inaction on gun safety measures and how d…
the grit of these young milwaukeeans fills me with hope & pride  students  the nation is listening  keep on keepi…
great to hear that the  afthunderbirds  nellisafb will be back in the sky ready to recruit retain inspire 
cooper expands internship program to include need-based paid fellowships in nashville and washington &gt &gt 
you re welcome 
it s becoming sadly clearer that  ice  is losing its focus on immigration enforcement  rather than focus on people…
to all of our friends  neighbors  and loved ones celebrating this evening  happy passover  happy passover…
my thoughts and prayers are with our sailors aboard the uss john s  mccain and their families 
rt  senatormenendez  nj was hit hardest by the trump tax plan  w/ over 10% seeing tax hikes  meanwhile  corporations are just purchasing th…
rt  repdankildee  four years later  flint families are still recovering from the water crisis and having to use filters & bottled water  in…
orcas are a crucial part of our culture and ecosystem here in the  pnw   i ve helped introduce  hr1584  to end the pr…
rt  ssnalerts    darrensoto s  kissimmee river wild and scenic river study act  passes house without opposition   s… 
the trump admin  has attempted every action possible to cut funding for assistance programs that help working famil…
wishing everyone a happy and joyous easter 
rt  worcctyfoodbank  our team is here today at voicesof hunger  and we stand with congressman mcgovern in fighting the farm bill  hr2 
complicit g o p
rt  repjeffries  it s small business saturday  support your local businesses  and oppose g o p tax scam that hurts everyday americans
rt  textcos  here s where capuano and coakley *do* differ on the issues  m asen p2 // undecideds should read this 
law & disorder  ohio legislators introduced a bill where a woman who ends a pregnancy could receive the death penalty  that s pro-life 
rt  repmarkpocan  president trump s infrastructure plan is just another example of the gop looking out for the wealthy & corporations inste…
we ve hosted listening sessions  town halls  roundtables & coffees with your congresswoman -- and i ve attended 200…
rt  dedeptofed  congrats  colonialsdstrct  seafordbluejays nutrition depts for your silver  usdanutrition turnip the beet awards   providin…
thank you  nhmc for my sweet valentines day surprise  i will proudly continue to support the net neutrality cra  th…
the president s desire to cut food stamps in favor of canned goods to save money is not just cruel  it s offensive…
early this morning i visited windermere elementary school in ellington to award the winner of my…
pleased to meet  therealshantel yesterday where we discussed advocating for lung cancer patients and stronger fundi…
rt  housedemocrats    billpascrell   republicans have gone into overdrive claiming that their disastrous g o p tax scam will be a boon for mid…
if your  daca  expires between now and march 5  2018  you have until october 5th to submit your renewal app here …
today  on  realdonaldtrump s  daca  deadline  d r e a mers are here to fight  although scotus s decision provides tempor…
what happened in flint four years ago was a tragedy and a wake-up call to us all  this is what happens when we stop…
linda brown and her family helped put an end to racial segregation in our public school system  forever transformin…
rt  filip_medic  people think that you are a leaders because you have a title  but the truth is that leadership comes when you find your vo…
truly remarkable  great job  prastik  nhv
hands off meuller  rule of law dictates that investigations must go to their end  the constitution backs it up 
looking forward to it 
a mind to work   bbc news - mental health reforms to focus on young people  says pm
thank you 
tonight is a sad night for america  first lady barbara bush will be remembered for the dignity  civility & spirit s…
received response from  ajitpaifcc to my letter asking  fcc to investigate extent of privacy violations by cambridg…
today  i invited dozens of cambodian community organizations to the hall of administration in observation of la cou…
the fbi didn t obtain the steel dossier until 7 weeks after they had received troubling intelligence info regarding…
and young black boys are not the only ones suffering from the disproportionate disciplinary action in schools  youn…
thank you to my gop colleague   repcurbelo  for joining the bipartisan chorus of americans who believe the epa dire…
medicaid beneficiaries  the admin  continues to roll out policies that go against the moral test of our government …
tpm  house judiciary dems defend sessions  firing would ignite  waterfall  of  crisis  – talking points memo…
wishing a very happy mother s day to all the wonderful moms and grandmothers in  il10   thank you for your hard work…
i m proud to join my colleagues in wearing black to the  sotu  in solidarity with victims of sexual assault and hara…
watch live  today  happening now   repespaillat testifies before the house appropriations subcommittee on transport…
small businesses are the heart & soul of our communities & a point of pride in  wi   as a small business owner  i un…
no comment  no comment  no comment  no comment  no comment  no comment [sponsors cancel] sorry 
today is teacher appreciation day  if you are a teacher  my message to you today is simple  thank you and help is on…
thank you for your service   vacapitolpolice 
the 2001 aumf has been used to justify at least 37 military actions in 14 countries  we must repeal this blank chec…
on tuesday i m voting no on question 2 because charter schools drain money from existing public schools 
i am looking forward to supporting the team at kent-meridian high school as they participate in  sifmafoundation s…
by awarding grants to schools and helping students learn new skills  we can strengthen our economy and close the sk…
icymi  maine s former u s  senator george mitchell wrote a  bostonglobe op-ed in support of reinstating the nation…
get your tickets while they last 
rt  repthomasmassie  there is no congressional authorization to strike the government of syria  constitution
don t forget to visit my website to sign up for my tele-town hall this thursday  ---&gt 
four innocent people shot in nashville this weekend  without action on gun control  congress is allowing these trag…
rt  talkpoverty  rep  andré carson s district has some of the worst food deserts in the country  he has an idea to fix them 
i am voting against the balanced budget amendment because it is a hypocritical  underhanded attack on the millions…
rt  ngeiling   at this point  we must ask if the inspector general will have the resources needed to investigate the administrator s seemin…
rt  oversightdems  read it here  the white house letter refusing to comply with a request from gowdy on security clearances   repcummings s…
team m l g is attending the  qualitynm learning summit today  the panel discussion w/ past malcolm baldridge national…
privileged resolution filed tonight in the house to bring up common sense gun reform  including my bill to close the charleston loophole
asking taxpayers to cover his first class flights and living in a luxury flat owned by lobbyists should be bad enou…
rt  orlandopolice  we celebrate our k9 partners on national pet day  🐾
rt  pontifex  dear young people  never get tired of being instruments of peace and joy among your peers 
in 2016 i testified at the itc on steel trade cases 8 times  in 2017 i will continue to do all i can to support ame…
that dog don t hunt  no one should be afraid to drink the water that comes out of their tap  flint water crisis…
warm days and cold nights mean sugar season is right around the corner  across vermont  sap is already on its way i…
but even after five years of inaction  i still have faith that the american people will keep their voices raised un…
i agree with senator  dougjones  congress needs to lead – congress needs to vote  will  speakerryan finally allow o…
  epascottpruitt is the clearest example of the culture of corruption we see on a daily basis from  realdonaldtrump …
today we remember the 26 children & educators murdered at sandy hook elementary  we must work together to…
icymi  non-partisan  jctgov estimates gop tax bill will add  1 5t to deficit & be a windfall for the 1% g o p tax scam
rt  thehill   poll  most small business owners say they will not hire  give raises because of new tax law 
need a primer on the unethical behavior of polluting pruitt  between the scandals  cozy relationships with industry…
rt  time  colin kaepernick wins amnesty international s highest honor
the trump administration announced they will close the office that protects student loan borrowers  with student de…
unacceptable  we must help our fellow americans in their time of need now before the death toll rises 
it is without question that  potus needs to follow the law and impose strong sanctions on russia  as congress direc…
nothing could be more important than ensuring that all workers receive equal pay for equal work  it s time for equal pay 
rt  aslavitt  in the obama administration we cut the uninsured rate in half because this mattered to us 
we need nurses for our health care system to work  i am proud to be a champion in congress for nurses and nursing e…
 chakafattah
happy easter from my family to yours 
rt  repterrisewell  as m l k day approaches  it s our turn to take up dr  king s unfinished work  together  we can build a country where ever…
the trump administration s complete disdain for the environment is alarming  opening the arctic refuge for drilling…
tomorrow  my office will host a home buying workshop for veterans and eligible dependents  call us at  702  220-982…
we got great news ahead of equal pay day  new federal appeals court ruling says employers cannot use salary history…
hatred and violence have no place in our society  but the white supremacy marches yesterday and today go beyond that 
house intel republicans have prematurely ended an investigation and jumped to unfounded conclusions they have yet t…
the president continues to demonize immigrants  to stoke hatred and division  and to spread lies about voter fraud …
my caseworkers are constantly working to assist 7th district constituents in cases like this one  call 📞 206-674-00…
my thoughts and prayers are with rep  scalise and all those affected this morning  i am thankful for the bravery of the us capitol police 
our country is stronger because of the women who won the right to vote  broke down gender barriers  and made extrao…
these wisconsin students were tired of waiting for change  so they marched 50 miles to janesville to demand it  n…
today is the two-year anniversary of the paris agreement  and as a member of the  caucusonclimate  i m proud to say i am still in 
the house intelligence cmte investigation has been marred by political influence since day one  that s why we need…
rt  repcohen  proud to join my colleagues in letter to trump demanding removal of pruitt from  epa  polluting pruitt is currently under 3…
rt  repdawkins  primary day is tomorrow  the polls are open from 7 a m  to 8 p m  if you have a question about where to vote or your regis…
to be clear  this isn t the first time republicans have employed this terrible plan to undermine programs that help…
rt  khouweather  a tornado watch is in effect until 9 p m  wednesday for austin  brazoria  chambers  colorado  fort bend  galveston  grimes…
rt  houseadm_dems   repbrady – thank you   repspeier for your proposal to require mandatory sexualharassment training & requiring the offi…
finally  i ve introduced the responsibility in drug advertising act that places a three-year ban on direct-to-consu…
the  us_fda is taking public comment on how advise the  who on international cannabis policy  if you have thoughts …
i had a good meeting with the pakistan ambassador this morning where we discussed the longstanding pakistan-u s  re…
hay q reestructurar la deuda púb para q el gob pueda balancear sus presupuestos sin afectar los servicios esenciales q necesita el pueblo 
happy teacher appreciation day & week  thank you to all the teachers who inspire students to achieve their dreams  i…
rt  newday   i don t know what to believe because there have been so many different stories from this president about what he means when he…
 nydiavelazquez apoya promesa  lo cataloga como  a tough vote  
join me and  senwarren tonight  april 27th  at  umasslowell for an important conversation on the opioid crisis that…
 don t you be weary  don t you be tired  keep marching  children  you are going to win   enough is enough
rt  repjohnlarson  this week we recognize peace corps week  president kennedy had the foresight to establish a program that went beyond nati…
rt  wgem  iowa congressman dave loebsack made a stop in keokuk this weekend to remember veterans who served our country 
if you meet the requirements to apply for  daca  renewal  you should apply now  find more information here …
happy easter  easter sunday
happy to highlight the achievements of young artists like will mcnichols from  ccslancers the creative abilities of…
it is far too easy for dangerous people - violent felons  domestic abusers  and those adjudicated as severely menta…
joined today with andrew wells  chiurbanleague during my human resources subcommittee hearing on workforce developm…
i am fighting to protect your net neutrality rights  save the internet
rt  reppaultonko  last night we found out pruitt s questionable morocco trip may have actually cost taxpayers more than  100 000  more tha…
rt  danwiley1   nydiavelazquez  repjerrynadler  cmenchaca  nycedc
brock turner didn t believe rape is wrong  his remorselessness only compounded the injustice emily doe suffered 
rt  mazonusa  thank you  repmcgovern for your commitment to protect s n a p   stop trying to make hunger worse  let s work together to end hun…
icymi  i wrote to  patrickmurphypa asking to keep the 100th infantry battalion s patch and save their rich heritage
i am incredibly proud of what all of the young people in madison and across the country were able to accomplish wit…
rt  vetaffairsdems  trump should spend less time undermining 2020census & focus on questions that matter   uscensusbureau  if we are to se…
good conversation with student leaders from the  frischschool on working together to advocate for a strong u s-isra…
 never lose sight of the fact that the most important yardstick of your success will be how you treat other people…
thank you president macron for reaffirming the importance of diplomacy  science & climate action—& the fact that th…
rt  lgbteqcaucus  our congressional trans task force  led by  repjoekennedy is demanding a meeting with civil rights offices under presiden…
proud to be back at my alma mater today  meeting with  atherton_high student activists working to raise awareness o…
rt  cami_caudill  thank you for your continued of our most vulnerable neighbors through your support of liheap  repjohndelaney   save l i h e a…
rt  oversightdems  breaking  top democrats request subpoena for documents withheld by sessions on communications with white house about at&…
i asked  secretaryperry how the doe budget is going to ensure that new technology to address grid resiliency are im…
nor will we see any stories on nratv about how a troubled individual brought a gun to school to harm students beca…
thanks to trump and congressional republican s relentless a c a sabotage  4 million americans lost coverage last year…
happy to welcome the red hot chili pepper to evanston 
in 2016   ascetweets graded infrastructure in the us as a d   joseph danatzko  a nj resident & asce member  discuss…
on mother s day and every day  i am unendingly grateful to have had an extraordinary mother  happy mother s day to…
 scotus  has the opportunity to strike down  potus  discriminatory muslim ban for good  i hope they heed the warning…
we are with you  genoveva 
yesterday  my bipartisan airport perimeter security bill passed the house & is on its way to the senate for a vote 
we cannot let this opportunity slip away  i will do everything in my power to help homegoods find a home here in t…
happy to gain copper mountain resort s support on my bill with  senbennetco to protect over 90k acres of public lan…
congress is leaving town today without having acted on any of the most pressing issues facing our country  democrat…
he led the charge of building a better agricultural industry for our nation during his time as chairman of the agriculture committee 
keep up the great work   uhcougarbb  go coogs via  houstonchron
go raibh maith agat  thank you  in gaelic  to  iagovt1 for inviting me to your 23rd annual st  patrick s day lunche…
in honor of the 85th birthday of justice ruth bader ginsburg  a pioneering legal scholar and leading voice on the s…
estatic to rock earth day2018 with  cafa  at caribbean fusion in  cityofkissimmee onelove  hispaniccaucus…
rep  cicilline is currently accepting applications for summer internships in his dc and pawtucket offices  to learn…
on 8th anniversary of affordable care act   repgregorymeeks calls on gop to end sabotage & work together to improve…
honored to meet with consul general of japan tomo uyama and honorary consul general kathleen blakely to discuss how…
today on national vietnam war veterans day  we honor the brave men & women who served our country during one of the…
rt  meteorotamps  radar de brownsville tx detecta el ojo de harvey  actualmente continua como huracán categoría 1  rápida intensificación…
rt  usgsvolcanoes   usgs  hawaiian volcano observatory scientist-in-charge tina neal talks about pause in leilani estates eruption activity  d…
the fact that we have a gender pay disparity in 2018 is ridiculous  equal pay for equal work  it s time that congre…
cbo confirms gop tax bill will worsen offshore tax dodging
during last night s telephone town hall  a caller asked how people can ensure their voice positively influences wha…
president trump must also hold putin accountable for his enabling of the assad regime s atrocities against the syrian people 
our roads and bridges are crumbling  our streets are gridlocked and airports are at maximum capacity  it s time for…
if this deal falls apart  the consequences will be numerous  iran deal
the education department should be on the side of students who are defrauded by for-profit colleges  but now secret…
 ca33  commuters should take caution this morning  roads are expected to remain closed for the next few hours 
rt  jessicabennett  women who were overlooked include  —ida b  wells  journalist —ada lovelace  computer programmer —charlotte bronte  auth…
rt  amjoyshow    repmaxinewaters demands twitter disclose kremlin-linked user accounts that targeted her district
on international womens day let us celebrate our persistence  resilience  and brilliance  but most of all  let us re…
for rules  regulations  submissions  copyrights  plagiarism  and student release forms  please visit my facebook pa…
remembering lives lost 75yrs ago & greatest generation to come  learn more from  librarycongress …
trump s decision to open up the entire atlantic & pacific coasts to offshore oil drilling is an appalling giveaway…
i enjoyed speaking with mayor hubbard of albany and members of the  gacities  it is always a pleasure discussing wa…
rt  housedemocrats  what moms need  quality  coordinated  woman-centered healthcare  what momsdontneed  continued attacks on the  aca    p… 
  repespaillat hosted a productive meeting w/the dominican ambassador and other dominican republic leaders to discu…
ms  sadler apparently took her cue from then man in the oval office  remember when then-candidate trump mockingly s…
rt  reprorights   no man should ever stand between a women and her health care decisions   -  congressmanraja act for women
as we pray for florida  we also have an obligation to act  this is the 18th school shooting of this year  every ele…
what s your sense on your dollars & cents  get help now financial literacy month question of the day 
our constituent service representatives will be throughout the district this week during neighborhood office hours …
rt  mclyburnfcc    fcc s broadband advisory cmte   bdac   just released their model code for states  what s buried on pg 50  language disco…
rt  threesmommy ask julia is there anything you can do in your first term to turn back global warming 
when i joined  houseagnews -the historically bipartisan committee-i looked forward to working on a 2018 farm bill th…
20m us workers pay rents they can t afford  two thirds work more than 35  hrs/wk  let s make room for…
families affected by the 2016 flood may be able to receive a tax refund based upon their losses due to recent chang…
rt  pattymurray  after hearing from 100 000  people  the trump admin backed off of its out-of-touch proposal to raise park entrance fees  a…
all residents in need should follow the example of dumont s charlie and betty crasten  who turned to my office afte…
great to be with my friends from  ibew this morning for their legislative affairs conference  union strong
banning bump stocks is least we can do  so let s put a bill on the floor next week & hold a vote 
met today with representatives of trio at  rutgers_newark to discuss the outstanding success of the program and its…
rt  nehgov  from  dukeu to  unc to  wakeforest to  nchumanities  we have many projects and programs in the state of north carolina  follow…
rt  janschakowsky  proud to join  repcartwright   repjaredpolis  and  repdianadegette in introducing this important legislation
happy 242nd birthday to the brave men and woman of the  usmc  semper fi  🇺🇸
rt  repcicilline  democrats have a real plan to give people a better deal through investing in our workers & reprioritizing groundbreaking r…
honored to spend the morning with the young men that were recognized during the 200  men of hampton roads  annual s…
theresa s work is incredibly impressive and i look forward to showing it off to my colleagues in washington  thank…
andrew zimmern  thanks for sharing your gift with us tonight at our minnesota gathering  you say   i think we shoul…
national library week is a great time to celebrate our libraries & our librarians  who bind our communities together…
rt  greaterlaborstl  today was some great proof  hundreds of union members came out to the repeal r t w  the greedy ceos have awakened a slee…
one month after the parkland massacre  congress took a modest step to stop gun violence in schools by passing the s…
i ve heard from thousands of constituents who are concerned about the elimination of netneutrality and their onlin…
 fcc net neutrality protects innovators and smallbiz in our district & across america  they can t afford to have…
during teacher appreciation week  i urge everyone to thank a teacher in philadelphia for the impactful work they do…
this essential program safeguards our natural areas  water resources  and cultural heritage  and provides recreatio…
nothing beats learning by doing  especially when it comes to being competitive for the types of jobs open in the ne…
rt  energycommerce  rm  frankpallone  i m deeply concerned about the direction that rep  tom price would take  hhsgov as its secretary
the significance of the court s holding is crystal clear  only congress can provide the pr gov with the authority to restructure its debts 
rt  sciam  emails reveal epa approach to climate policy under scott pruitt s leadership
sometimes it s checks  sometimes it s letters from doctors  it s totally unacceptable  📨📪📮 usps  wcbs880
wishing a happy birthday to my friend and regional whip   repcartwright  thank you for your work on behalf p a17 s…
rt  cleanairmoms   we need to invest in – not cripple – agencies focused on curbing climate change   - repcartwright
great tour of camden iron & metal - one of our nation s largest metal recyclers  made in america camden camden n j…
happy 241st birthday to the u s  marine corps  thank you to all who serve  
rt  thehillevents  next tues - we re welcoming  sencapito &  staceyplaskett to discuss a smart infra future & smart tech  rsvp here 
today  i was proud to lead the house in honoring amtrak train 188 victims and first responders 
the future of net neutrality hangs in the balance  the gop  fcc commissioners want to kill the open internet  democ…
in our churches  temples  synagogues and hearts  let s all pray for more peace & love in our world  r i p shimon peres
 epagov after pruitt claimed that an epa ethics official had reviewed the lease  that same official clarified that…
the holiday season is when people are most financially strained  shifting open enrollment would help families make…
rt  naacp_ldf  confirming thomas farr to a lifetime seat on the federal bench would send the chilling message to black north carolinians th…
this cincode mayo we celebrated the contributions mexican-americans have made to our communities  we re a nation bu…
we live in the wealthiest country in the world  yet we have millions of people experiencing hunger  congress has a…
rt  edworkforcedems  the trump administration s recent schoolsafety proposals are both inadequate and concerning –  hardening  schools and…
i look forward to the congressional art competition every year because it gives me a chance to showcase the incredi…
black history month is more than a celebration  it s also a time for honest reflection  for all our progress  americ…
pleased to join the muto family   montantegroup and supervisor  joeemmingerr to celebrate the grand opening of pine…
congratulations  senduckworth 
the american people stand in firm solidarity with france as they mourn and begin to recover  bastille day tragedy
this district work period we hosted a town hall in antioch with  repmcnerney  toured ucsf s cancer research facilit…
congratulations to  csncoyote for being designated a national center of academic excellence in cyber defense educat…
rt  huffpostblog  i started working in congress  but i never stopped being a nurse via  reploiscapps
 saphicher is leading the charge to have a  snap  facilitator on  floridastate s campus -- helping students apply fo…
i had a great time at the valparaiso kiwanis club pancake day on saturday  i thank all the members of the club and…
rt  cnntonight  rep  ted lieu on stormy daniels  lawsuit against donald trump   it s really hard to believe that donald trump s attorney ne…
tune into  wtic1080  i m speaking with ray dunaway until 9 am 
enjoyed attending this morning s 23rd annual lowell women s week breakfast  women in lowell have a long tradition of breaking the mold  1/2
thanks to all the local leaders in lincoln county who took the time to talk with me today about how the i can help…
great profile of the young people from chicagoland who marched with me this weekend on tonight s vice on  hbo  tune in  
congratulations to  mncampripley on this well-deserved recognition  your leadership in environmental stewardship is…
deeply concerned the speaker s chief of staff would express an open hostility to a catholic house chaplain  i m rem…
thanks for visiting my office today   nationalnurses and representing the hardworking nurses from illinois and arou…
medical research saves lives  i m fighting for an increase in funding for nih  of which san diego gets a significan…
what he said 
mr  president  you have plenty of lawyers at doj who should have looked at muslim ban order prior to issuing it  pl…
kudos to former acting ag sally yates  integrity  courage  commitment to the us constitution  justice and the rule of law 
this year has read like a short story on what happens when you put people in charge of government who don t really…
happening now  i m asking  facebook ceo mark zuckerberg some tough questions about his company s crucial role in ou…
i m thrilled to announce the entries in the 2018 lucille roybal-allard student art competition are going on public…
rt  sylvesterturner  the food was cooking and everyone was dancing to the great music during the first evening of  rodeohouston bbqcookoff…
rt  repcummings  it s time to send a clear message on the 2020 census that everyone counts  an undercount will hurt people in red states to…
we as a nation need to care for our atomic vets  proud to have 60 house colleagues co-sponsoring this bill 
trump budget risks pushing vulnerable families into homelessness and further burdens those already experiencing hom…
congratulations to  villanovau and  ndwbb for their hard-earned ncaa victories  and congratulations  of course  to…
a new type of id theft is on the rise  but you can protect yourself and your family  read our tips on how to stay s…
but takes issue with the latter 
rt  warontherocks  one of the central military questions of our age is how to utilize new ways of thinking about driving defense innovation…
  rollcall s robert matson perfectly sums up  realdonaldtrump s zte vs   maga  hypocrisy  the president should be pu…
the  housegop is considering cuts to social security  medicare and medicaid to pay for the g o p tax bill  would you support it 
every day  social workers in texas and across the country are quietly doing absolutely amazing work  signed on to a…
all national park service sites are free today saturday  april 21 in honor of national park week  visit…
what a waste  just think how many dining sets you could have bought or private jets you could have chartered with t…
it s not too late  i m encouraged to hear that senior republican rep  steve mcdaniel says he would have voted for i…
and i notice a mets/nats game on your tv 
rt  healthymaryland    repcummings   the american people are demanding that we in washington take action this year to make the prescription…
we re working with a zvets from  militaryofficer assocation of america to ensure our veterans  servicemembers  and…
rt  nflpa    4ocho is working alongside  repjohnlewis on capitol hill to push for progress  if you re looking for a similar experience this…
my heart is breaking tonight for the students  teachers  and families of parkland  florida  we cannot become numb t…
 secretarysonny of  usda designated seminole and grady counties in ga s 2nd congressional district as contiguous di…
rt  housejudiciary  we will never forget september11  🇺🇸
passed  overall a remarkably bipartisan defense bill in the midst of very divisive times  thanks for the leadership…
rt  tlhumanrights  happy birthday  05/06  to nguyen van dai   nguyen van dai is a vietnamese human rights lawyer and blogger serving 15 ye…
rt  marylandpirg  maryland congressmen  repsarbanes  bencardinformd  chrisvanhollen  stenyhoyer  repcummings  repraskin  repanthonybrown  c…
today  america s youth have taken the reins  they are organized and energized and hoping to make change  they have…
rt  frontlinepbs  after frontline &  propublica s joint report on the link between atomwaffen  a secretive neo-nazi organization  and activ…
today  many are participating in the march for our lives events across the country  so i hope you will also express…
this is outrageous  under federal law  education secretary betsy devos is required to provide full – not partial –…
we need dennis kucinich as governor of ohio  this could be our best chance this year to put a bold progressive in…
rt  repjayapal  the trump administration s move to add a citizenship question in the 2020 census is nothing but a naked political ploy desi…
rt  repallawsonjr  the flint water crisis should be a wake-up call  lead poisoning is a real danger that must be taken seriously  four yea…
agriculture is mississippi s bread and butter  i will forever be a champion to the agriculture community of mississ…
this world a i d s day  let s remember those we have lost to hiv/aids  and recommit to investments in medicine & education to end a i d s2030 
today the house passed a package of bipartisan initiatives to address the opioidepidemic  but these are only authorizations w/o funding 
congratulations to the newest class of sunburst youth academy graduates  you are an inspiration to us all  and we a…
rt  lacountyarts  the list of available internship positions for summer 2018 s la county arts internship program is now available  head ove…
rt  teammoulton  read  sethmoulton s full statement on  realdonaldtrump s decision to withdraw from the iran nuclear deal 
the gop gave big tax breaks to the wealthy and wants to pay for it by taking away from a program that provides heal…
rt  cheddar  closing bell with  thebradsmith &  bakermachado is live  this hour we re joined by  repjoekennedy  nascar driver  bubbawallac…
partisan brinksmanship resulted in a delegation of 12 republicans and 4 democrats in a state that has a history of…
rt  energycommerce  all 24 e&c democrats urge hhs to reinstate medicaid family planning guidance voicing concern over an anti-abortion advo…
i m still in the capitol fighting for a reasonable bipartisan solution that will reopen the government and help o…
tune in  i will be announcing a new multistate action to protect women s access to family planning  including…
i support  energycommerce colleague  usrepkcastor s resolution calling for  epascottpruitt to resign  enough is eno…
   uh_coe great--i intro d the clear act earlier this month to help reduce burden of student debt  read more here 
rt  anniehearton   repbrochester so nice to see our congresswoman today  d e arts summit
in celebration of teacher appreciation week  i m joining  repsamgraves in introducing a resolution to recognize and…
rt  prochoicecaucus  as head of  ppfa   cecilerichards has been one of the strongest allies to the pro-choice caucus  tirelessly supporting…
rt  tomscheck  dfl rep  collin peterson will appear on mpr s the daily circuit at 11  republican torrey westrom declined to appear on show …
 hb2  has jeopardized texas women s health by drastically limiting their access to safe and legal abortions   ppact my decision
we didn t always see eye to eye  but i always appreciated chuck plunkett s thoughtful words  the slow demise of our…
rt  ryanforrecovery  my mom barbara hampton is a teacher  and she carries  she carries knowledge  she carries wisdom  she carries stories …
i joined my colleague  repjimcooper in calling for the repeal of a damaging 2016 law that makes acquiring opioids e…
i was very pleased to see several additional amendments pass which strengthened labor & environmental standards  as…
banning transgender men and women from serving in our military is based on nothing more than bigotry  to all of the…
rt  brianlehrer  icymi   repjerrynadler joined to discuss the latest in national politics headlines  including former fbi director james co…
the  nra is a shining example of how money is corrupting our democracy and endangering our citizens  watch this…
letters & calls to my offices concerned about russian interference  46 345 intel officials who testified today that…
trump is completely incoherent on syria  he s signaled his intention to withdraw troops  which may well have embold…
people across our nation are calling for meaningful action and the white house is merely feigning in order to appea…
more direct flights to/from el paso would help drive econ   job growth in our community and boost the competitivene…
the walk outs are not just about teacher pay  it s about civil rights issues  by underfunding our public schools  w…
this is the greatest country on earth  when it comes to addressing immigration  we need to get back to being that…
families across america deserve better response from congress to opioid epidemic  here s a good summary of what i h…
glad to have worked with you on this   replahood
click here to help knock doors  call voters so we can take message of standing up for women to congress ask julia  ca26 
behindthescenes w/  quorumanalytics discussing our practice of holding frequent town halls & how democracy works b…
thanks to lompoc high for having me at their space assembly yesterday  these talented students heard from experts i…
one evening of faux-bipartisanship does not erase the president s failures over the past year  the president s poli…
i agree  lobstering is such an important part of our seacoast economy  not to mention that lobsters are delicious …
 f_wrlck my office gets an incredible amount of correspondence from constituents  always feel free to call to share…
rt  etcrone  thank you  rowefinkbeiner  pramilajayapal  teresacmosqueda for lifting up women  leading by example  & shattering ceilings ke…
team castro joined  movesanantonio and fellow san antonians for a conversation about housing affordability in our c…
last night  i testified at the rules committee on my amendment to prevent the use of aircraft for cruel acts of ani…
calling all  wa01  teachers  apply by 3/1 to attend a free  nehgov summer professional development program  sites ac…
is there no end to their treachery  these people have zero credibility
good morning mayor dyer  happy you could join the c b c demands justice town hall 
it s been six months since hurricane maria hit puerto rico  thousands are still without power  permanent shelter  o…
more welcome news as republic steel in lorain says they plan to restart operations this summer 
i m thinking of some of my favorite teachers  mrs  hogan who instilled a love of reading in 4th grade  mr  carpente…
 tbt  to opening day 2016 at lalacheur park with  lowellspinners owner dave heller  wishing you and the 19 former sp…
with robust  stable funding and passage of an authorization for use of military force  aumf   we can degrade and de…
last friday  i joined  sachamber and shaun kennedy  2018 chairman of the board and san antonio regional chair of te…
don t forget i m hosting a town hall on the new tax law in summit county today  i ll be joined by  policymattersoh…
from the mother of two sandy hook students  one of whom died in that massacre   
 centeronbudget  amermedicalassn  aarp do gop leaders really think older americans should be forced to pay up to 5x…
fantastic tour today  thanks for having me 
the lepage admin s continued attempts to veto maine voters is cruel   costly  by delaying medicaid expansion  gov …
compton  come join me this sunday for play catch with your congresswoman  we will be meeting at 4pm at wilson park…
rt  nancypelosi  the importance of times up & me too is about more than demanding decency & respect – though that is certainly a major part…
today is vaisakhi  a day of celebration for our sikh friends  neighbors  classmates  & colleagues  join me in wis…
you can still apply to renew your  daca  status  if you meet the requirements to apply for daca renewal  please visi…
rt  officialcbc  the black unemployment rate fell from 16 5% to 7 8% from january 2011 –january 2017  now it s 6 8%  thank president obama…
  amazon is one of the largest employers in our region and has played a major role in the inland empire s recovery…
delta jewel  mrs  leola b  dillard of yazoo city  ms worked as a sharecropper during the 1920s  she fought to send…
firing deputy ag rosenstein would be just as dangerous as firing special counsel mueller  congressional republica…
el esfuerzo para q se apruebe promesa ha enfrentado grandes retos  pero ya este vital esfuerzo está llegando a su etapa final 
hey  fcc  students at hosford middle school have a message for you  save net neutrality
i had great conversations today walking the aisles of fisher foods  we discussed their concerns about the future of…
today i introduced a bill to maintain strong standards for vehicle ghg emissions  which are important to fighting…
thank you for inviting me 
discussing the *importance* of nih funding to support science advancements  health improvements w/ the brillant min…
and they proudly call themselves americans  4/7
rt  espn  rob gray  have a night  no player in 20 years has had more points in his first ncaa tourney game 
may is national foster care month  a time to recognize our nation s more than 400 000 foster youth in addition to t…
protecting net neutrality is a question of ethics  of innovation  and of job creation  pelosi at g u
my full statement on adm  ronny jackson s withdrawal as va secretary nominee 
if this policy is rescinded  children in california & around the country – particularly those who must live near th…
i was pleased to visit  burke_rehab to announce a  3 billion increase in  nih funding  the largest in 15 years  t…
i will be hosting a congressional business seminar this friday  register here 
democrats  don t give an inch  no wall  clean dream act dream act now
this is a dark hour and a sad day in the history of our nation  congress has a constitutional responsibility to pr…
congress has the responsibility of protecting the special counsel s independent investigation from obstruction by t…
i thank our men and women in uniform for their professionalism and bravery  and i pray for their safety  full sta…
important weather warning here from  capitalweather  these folks know their weather models  our region faces the…
thank you  aprilaser for covering this important topic  it was wonderful to join you for this podcast 
get ready for tax day and answer all your questions about what the new gop tax law means for you  your family  and…
a monoprint by carolyn from  albacademy of a pomegranate with its seeds removed proves that even in destruction …
i commend  nygovcuomo for taking this step  it s the right thing to do 
hbcus continue to provide opportunities to thousands of students every year  including many low-income and 1st generation minority students 
rt  lilitfest 
rt  repmaloney  as dean of the ny delegation   louiseslaughter made sure we all remembered our ny roots  here we are  republicans and demo…
california hasn t allowed drilling off the coast for more than three decades and for good reason  our pristine coas…
looking forward to being interviewed on  msnbc in a few minutes
rt  charlesallen  thank you chesapeake climate action network for the honor last night  i m proud to be recognized as a leader battling cli…
alex van der zwaan makes the 19th indictment from robert mueller in the trump russia investigation  does each new i…
i m fighting in congress to advance legislation that will tackle this crisis head-on  this is an all-hands-on-deck…
i demand that  housejudiciary hold hearings on the bicameral and bipartisan  hr5476   the special counsel independen…
today  on world water day  congress just passed an additional  1 8 billion in funding for water and wastewater infra…
please join me in sending up prayers for loved ones of the puerto rico national guard members and crew killed in a…
i encourage both side to bargain in good faith to resolve any outstanding issues as quickly as possible 
rt  riogguardian  watch live   repfilemonvela and  rgvpartnership host state of rgv seaports
  ucf sophomore hannah sage will be competing on  jeopardy tonight for the 2018 college championship  how cool is t…
almost every us family is connected to immigration programs trump wants to kill  including his own   melania trump…
my catholic family came to this country in search of the american dream and was welcomed here     
 thoughts and prayers  are good  but americans also need congress to act  i respect the 2nd amendment  but i belie…
best of luck to the  warriors tonight in game 2 of the n b a playoffs  strengthin numbers
the only thing better than having one  ucf alum named griffin on your team is having two  congrats to  ucf_football…
rt  repteddeutch  7 000 pairs of shoes  7 000 children killed by gun violence since the sandy hook massacre in 2012  this  has  to  stop …
grateful for the chance to help distribute bags of groceries at the first presbyterian church food pantry in san be…
homelessness is a humanitarian crisis and we can t do this alone  the state of california must support this cause…
the g o p tax scam is a massive giveaway to the wealthy – the middle class just get the crumbs
and investing in research & development means a more equipped and better prepared country to prevent the spread of infectious diseases 
congress must protect our 2020 census from the  whitehouse s political sabotage  the stakes are too high 
decency  humanity  empathy and respect are in short supply in  realdonaldtrump s  whitehouse the  potus owes…
today  the devos/trump administration announced it will no longer investigate or take action in transgender cases …
honored to attend the 30th pastoral anniversary of the reverend dr  ivan harris of first baptist church denbigh thi…
enjoyed visiting lois craig elementary school to thank the teachers  administrators and support staff for their tir…
outrageous & shameful for florida gov rick scott & attorney gen pam bondi to intentionally cling to discriminatory…
rural broadband is a huge issue for constituents in western and central massachusetts  while i am thankful for…
wishing a speedy recovery to  georgehwbush
g o p tax plan sticks our children and grandchildren with  1 7 trillion in debt while giving tax breaks to powerful sp…
i joined residents and elected officials at this evening s metro community meeting in downey to throw my support be…
rt  nationalnurses  more than 150 nnu nurses from across the u s  lobbied their reps for nurses week  now   reprokhanna s healthcare workp…
rt  sba_ma  featured speaker congressman joe kennedy iii  joining to commemorate womens history month to a packed olin auditorium  babson  j…
the trump administration s decision to dramatically decrease the size of bears ears national monument despite vast…
students will be required to bring their school id and a release form signed by their parent/guardian to enter the…
g v r os are something every state should put in place  my bill  the gun violence restraining order act  gives states…
happy nurses week  it s well past time that our nurses had an equal voice in our health care system  that s why i…
the  sotu  included moving stories about communities facing the opioid crisis  our community knows this fight  cong…
we should raise the corporate tax rate from 21% to 23% - still a huge cut from 35% - and use that revenue to pay fo…
proud of montebello s very own  mirai_nagasu on being the first woman to land a triple axel in the winter olympics …
improving the health of our country isn t just the right thing to do  it s an investment in our collective future &…
glad to see  halos  act intro d by  repstevechabot   repsinema   reproberthurt  & myself pass the house wednesday 
rt  streetbanker  beach sweeps bof a volunteers ❤️  cleanocean  helping keep 137 miles of new jersey beaches clean with  frankpallone a gr…
having reliable telecommunications is key to keeping families together and communities safe  that s why i wrote to…
epa administrator scott pruitt is under multiple ethics investigations for wasting taxpayer money  members of congr…
on monday  february 26th  i will join  senatorserrano for our annual black history month celebration  we will honor…
thread  i want to introduce you to an incredible constituent of mine  ryan hampton 
my dad went to school on the gi bill and sent five kids to school on one salary – that s near impossible for most f…
today we celebrate the 52nd anniversary of medicare & medicaid and vow to protect them for american families 
there have been multiple confirmed miscarriages in detention  and credible news of inadequate medical care  it is c…
the beau biden gun violence prevention act is a really important piece of legislation in a package of comprehensive…
rt  housedemocrats  may is military appreciation month  a time to honor all those who bravely serve our country  we can never thank them eno…
more than 21 000 dreamers have already lost their daca protections  although renewal applications are still being…
rt  housebudgetdems  we ll be streaming our fourth  uscbo oversight hearing starting at 10 30 am  watch live 
we need an actual commitment to start having real debates and to govern again  great to join  msnbc s  sruhle this…
congratulations to  duvalschools stanton prep freshman jaylen thomas  the winner of florida s fifth congressional…
the only thing students should be worried about is academic achievement  not getting bullied or discriminated again…
on november 18  2003  massachusetts supreme judicial court rules the state s ban on same-sex marriages is unconstitutional  loveislove
 scactionnetwork a8  the reach act is a bipartisan bill that coordinates efforts to stop preventable maternal and c…
rt  halliejackson  the president   seems to have a lot he wants to get off his chest 
i am grateful and proud to have received a special recognition from the national coalition for literacy at the   
open enrollment ends at midnight tonight  make sure you ve selected you health insurance plan or made changes to yo…
rt  whiphoyer    realdonaldtrump & congressional republicans said their g o p tax scam wouldn t benefit the wealthy  but the numbers tell a di…
the signs of climate change are evident to all who aren t blinded by ideology or special interest money  we don t h…
  realdonaldtrump called for a shutdown last year  tweeting  our country needs a good  shutdown   he continues to p…
the leadership shown by the young men and women in students demand action humbles me  they have shown more courage t…
rt  clarecady   this conversatoin needs to be about sustainable access to food for all students   -  repmcgovern voicesofhunger
tax cuts do not pay for themselves  so how do republicans want to pay for the g o p tax scam  by demanding seniors sac…
siempre te recordaremos  gracias por tu trabajo y entrega   tallerfotoperio you will be missed 
sitting down for the state of the union was more painful than standing up for eight hours in heels in order to shar…
tomorrow is national prescription drug take back day  nearly 80% of heroin users report misusing prescription opioi…
it was my pleasure  loved talking with this impressive group of students from  vbps_mcbride 
congrats to sm s josh prenot & olympians w/ cc ties — remember to watch women s heptathlon and men s boxing tmw 
all of america s middle class  working families & our must vulnerable deserve to be heard and have their needs & va…
shameful and unacceptable that a nation as great as ours has failed in the basic task of funding our government for a full year 
rt  repdonbeyer  attacking an american business using taxpayer-funded resources because they want to protect public lands    which is suppo…
and here  when  drnealdunnfl2 and i urged leaders and federal regulators at usda  fda  and epa to adhere to a consi…
with your sudden enthusiasm for cesar chavez and his passion for the dignity of immigrant labor  i look forward to…
i will be on  cnnnewsroom with  carolcnn to discuss president trump s outrageous claim that millions of people voted illegally 
i asked ben kepner to be my guest to  sotu2018  to continue to raise awareness about the dangers of exposure to burn…
rt  rubenharris  [video] upholding our promise to black students today to give them a better tomorrow  cc  repbarba…
at no additional cost to taxpayers  this bill will create the first national  historic park in the state of georgia
rt  housedemocrats  fifty years after the loss of his mentor and friend  dr  martin luther king  jr    repjohnlewis reminds us that real pr…
what s this administration s plan to secure the release of americans & u s  residents held hostage by iran s govern…
broken promises thats no middle class tax cut g o p tax scam
rt  repgregorymeeks  🙏🏾high fives well-deserved  i can t even describe how proud i am of these young people for protesting gunviolence wa…
the mexican government should be commended for the capture of the fugitive governor tomas yarrington in italy  yarrington s detention is   
america needs more good-paying jobs that provide security for families & stability for communities  as…
social security has provided older americans with stability and security for 82 years  we must protect it  soc sec82
rt  officialcbc  by shuttering this office  attorney general sessions is saying that  justice for all  is not a priority for the  thejustic…
 christi49738072  stephmurphy it s an important bill  already signed up 
rt  sea_lect  are apprenticeships the new on-ramp to middle-class jobs  via  nbcnews
looking forward to seeing  megbusfield in my brilliant divorce this evening  melissa is a great performer and activist 
happy 4th of july to everyone in central and western wisconsin  enjoy the day 
attention  medicaregov recipients  between now and april 2019  medicare will be mailing you a new card  your covera…
delaney statement on trump administration decision to withdraw from iran deal
we re working with  opershockwave  whose mission is to empower veterans to choose life  they re joining our veteran…
i posted a new photo to facebook
from his service during wwii  to his 30 yrs representing the people of hawaii in the halls of congress  daniel akak…
mrs  barbara bush is so important to her family  the nation  texas  houston and so many of us  she has shared her…
thanks  justin  👍🏼 always good to hear directly from residents on how our office can best serve you
rt  ac360    paulbegala  when it comes to korea  president trump is a  like a teenager learning to drive 
president trump shamelessly made the choice to end daca 6 months ago & dreamers are still being forced to live w/fe…
happy to stop by the  southkcchamber s legislative breakfast this morning to give an update on what s happening in…
with louise slaughter at the democratic national convention  she was a spark 
productive  camdencountynj town hall in  runnemedenj last night  thanks to everyone who came out & asked questions …
los fondos serán destinados a cinco organizaciones sin fines de lucro bajo el programa comunidades libres de drogas 
join us to help our newest state rep jonathan carroll get his name on the ballot  we are close tot the deadline   
the fight against opioid addiction is the public health issue of our time  thankful for democrats  successful effor…
rt  kathrynbarger    supjanicehahn and i are meeting with deputy secretary of transportation jeff rosen to advocate for transit projects in…
i m urging house leaders to not follow through with trump admin proposal to cut  252 million reserved for respondin…
rt  tillamookcheese  today we re celebrating national farmers day by taking you through a day-in-the-life of a tillamook dairy farmer 
shortly  tune in as i join  melissaafrancis  foxnews on president trump s appearance at  nraam   president trump tol…
i m proud to stand with lgbtq youth  parents  and school administrators at today s 6th annual anti-bullying gay-str…
during breast cancer awareness month  i m proud to stand with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to fight this terrible disease 
the new va hospital that will come to omaha will truly be a center of excellence for veterans care   ne02 
rt  senwarren  ⚡️ thirty years ago  congress passed the ryan white care act to combat the hiv/aids epidemic  this week   repcummings and i…
rt  secretservice    secretservice special agent briefs  repmikehonda &  santaclaracity council members for national cybersecurity awarene…
rt  kreome  rebuilding puerto rico   repgutierrez & san juan mayor  carmenyulincruz with  zoraidasambolin   cityclubchicago
the u s  coast guard  whose members provide selfless service in defense of our nation  provided us with an overview…
visited the new haven job corps center today  no investment is more critical than investment in our people  which i…
rt  momsrising   snap  helps families put food on the table when they are taking care of loved ones  moms and caregivers like millicent from…
to the young people of marjory stoneman douglas high  i look forward to fighting alongside you  please use my offic…
mark your calendar  admission fees will be waived at all  nationalparkservice sites on april 21st in celebration of…
thank you to every teacher speaking out for their students across the country  our kids are the future of our great…
what frightens me  though  is that these numbers may actually be much higher  sexual violence is an under-reported…
rt  pathadvocacy  one key takeaway here is that the g h s agenda is a shared partnership  that cannot be overstated  - rear admiral tim zieme…
you cannot legally or constitutionally attack syria without congressional authorization  may or may not be a good i…
do you receive my newsletter  sign up here for updates on the work that i am doing in congress on behalf of  ca20 
a large-scale infrastructure plan would benefit all americans but we can t do that without a budget 
estamos examinando muy de cerca el trato que recibe pr bajo una gama de programas y políticas federales y procurando el insumo de expertos 
i also want to recognize our runners-up in the  congressionalac this year  macen perkins  shane o malley  derek was…
rt  craigcaplan  princeton  nj post office named for the late nobel laureate dr  john nash jr  subject of book & film  a beautiful mind    …
i ll be live with  wolfblitzer soon to discuss daca  immigration and more  tune in to  cnn to hear more 
in order to pay for massive tax cuts for the top 1%  trump budget proposes crippling funding cuts for programs like…
this move by  potus  disregards bipartisan legislation that overwhelmingly passed the house & senate last summer and…
rt  homelanddems  hearing on contractor vetting at  dhsgov just began with  reploucorrea  video & more info-----&gt 
over her career  the typical aapi woman loses at least  292 400 to the wage gap  in some states  the situation is m…
this trump shutdown is insanity  republicans have no excuses  democrats are eager & ready to work w/ republicans—bu…
tune in as i hold major drug distributors accountable at this morning s hearing on opioid dumping in wva …
amazing turnout today at the  susangkomen raceforthe cure in chicago  unfortunately  all of us know someone who ha…
rt  demsespanol  un grupo bipartidista de ex secretarios de seguridad nacional sabe que el congreso tiene que aprobar el d r e a m act lo antes…
this was a fascinating article that i enjoyed 
about to start a  sxsw  panel on the disconnect between ai and dc  these ai leaders are shaping the future of our wo…
my latest op-ed  cnnopinion  what ongoing iran talks mean for fight vs isis  ty to  fcnl &  k8gould for co-author 
rt  insidecityhall  on inside city hall  rep   cbrangel joined  errollouis to discuss president-elect donald trump s transition 
rt if you support extending temporary protected status for haitian nationals  save t p s
fact  the trump budget s cuts to transportation spending are larger than the entire trump infrastructure package …
congratulations  trumbull high we the people team 
rt  youthincongress  thanks to marnie claunch  visual arts facilitator & team leader  ucityschools for making sure ashlynn s entry  bleedin…
if a person is good enough to be an american soldier  they are good enough to be an american citizen  end of story …
bloody sunday isn t just a commemorative anniversary  it s an opportunity to grow  here s what i think we can learn 
rt  aguscipolicy  we need to do everything to fight the scourge of harassment says  replipinski at  housescience hearing on sexual harassme…
may is military appreciation month  thank you to all our brave servicemembers at  nellisafb    creech_afb   with the…
this fight is far from over  we need to keep the state and local tax deduction intact for the 250 000 families in m…
rt  nadeennews6  read  these are letters sent to  fema asking for extension it s tsa program  allowing families from puerto rico to stay in…
rt  guygilady  great meeting with director  yourbarriofl from  repdarrensoto  s team to discuss cooperation between israel & america & is…
proud to introduce the debt-free college act today along with 22 other cosponsors  this measure would boost access…
we can harness the resources and technology available to us today to change the conversation around gun violence  it s time for action 
proud to honor our vets 
the american people  including the residents of coney island/sea gate  deserve a real infrastructure plan that repa…
last month  arizona lost a great man  rodney lewis was a trailblazer for tribal lawyers  a passionate teacher and a…
urgent  the harmful farm bill could come to the house floor next week  here s what mainers need to know ➡️➡️➡️…
please read my statement on the fcc s vote to end net neutrality  the fight is not over 🚨
today is the 8th anniversary of the deepwater horizon oil spill  watch my 2010 questioning of bp ceo tony hayward …
rt  32bjseiu  praying together for justice at  ewr  airport  reclaim m l k fightfor15 povertydoesntfly
up next loyola chicago ramblers    let s make it 2-0 
congratulations to  maof on a successful and inspirational 39th annual national latina women s conference  i was pl…
house republicans say the g o p farm bill doesn t kick a single person off  snap   that s not true  265 000 kids will l…
rt  cgagroup  this week congressman  reptimryan visited cornerstone client  ueas ultra electronics advanced tactical systems facility in sa…
rt  evanmcmurry  at a subcommittee hearing on  preventable violence in america   rep  jerry nadler references this morning s shooting at ma…
i support this bill and ask that my colleagues join me in doing so 
rt  officialcbc  join us on tuesday  may 8  2018 from 9 am - 5 pm est for c b c demands justice – a twitter town hall on community policing an…
my  sotu  guest omar and i got a chance to meet up with  carmenyulincruz  proud to join them in bringing attention t…
what does it profit a great nation to reward millionaires & billionaires but lose its soul  the president s budget is mean-spirited & cruel 
follow  usgsvolcanoes  mayorharrykim and hawaii county civil defense for updates  please be safe and pay attention…
so   nasagoddard or breitbart  the science is clear - these aren t the records we want to be breaking …
the senate just voted to make it easier for auto lenders to discriminate  the majority s attack on the  cfpb--an ag…
there already are armed professionals who protect our schools  they re called police and they want to see fewer gun…
rt  wgha  wednesday wisdom  there are more tools in the foreign policy toolbox than nuclear weapons  global health and development are crit…
proud to stand with america s students today in saying enough is enough to gun violence  it s time to demand action…
rt  housedemocrats  republicans continue to kick the can down the road  another short-term spending bill won t bring certainty to community…
 1/2  enjoyed a beautiful morning with cohasset s youth baseball and softball at the annual opening day and parade …
in honor of national teacher day  i proudly signed onto a resolution in support of increasing the pay for public sch…
there s only 10 days left in healthcare open enrollment  act now by going to or…
 thehill a victory for our nation s founding ideals  rooted in equality & opportunity for all  last year  i intro …
i am proud to commemorate may as jewish american heritage month  which recognizes the incredible contributions of t…
rt  housejuddems  🆕ranking members  repcummings and  repjerrynadler investigate potential campaign law violations by cambridge analytica h…
during womens history month  we celebrate the incredible achievements of the women who have helped shape history  an…
visiting army forces in poland   poland
thank you for coming by and sharing your family s story 
oregonians overwhelmingly support enforceable protections to ensure an open internet and so do i  that s why i m a…
the united states has a moral obligation to do our part to address this humanitarian disaster and to help the innoc…
go lobos 🐺
while it s encouraging that there is a little more stability for the fiscal situation  and there is some needed inv…
today on holocaust remembrance day  we honor the memory of the millions of precious lives taken in the holocaust  w…
i m proud to cosponsor the support public school teachers resolution—a call for better teacher pay & public investm…
rt  thehill  just in  epa launches investigation into pruitt s use of private email accounts
tax day is coming & many low/moderate-income families will receive free filing help thanks to the vita program  it…
at least 9 of the signers of the declaration of independence had irish roots  can you name all of them  tweet me with your guesses
from bemidji to ely  international falls to pine city  duluth to two harbors & everything in between  mn has a lot…
if the president were as interested in securing our borders as he is in self-aggrandizing publicity stunts  then he…
holding my 2nd g o p tax scam-this one  louwalkercenter  dems offering better deal 
rt  politicopro    repkathleenrice wants mandatory cyber training for all lawmakers  via  ericgeller 
a2  a lot of companies have already taken steps to meet their responsibilities under the  cpp   repealing it now wou…
one thing i bet trump will not talk about tonight at the  sotu  -- his year of attempts to roll back the progress ma…
hacking for defense brings together graduate students from myriad disciples to solve national security problems ide…
thank you  elainebryanf for allowing me to share my thoughts at the 2018 inspirational luncheon  we must keep pushi…
 mickywhitenv i call  em like i see  em 
thank you to the teachers of minnesota s fifth district and around the country who are educating the next generatio…
rt  desertcarmen  thanks congressman  rubenkihuen for attending  cplcdotorg nevada esperanza awards to celebrate educators  community  ed…
i support  barackobama s call 4  isil   aumf  in  sotu   speakerboehner must bring vote 2 floor our military deserves it
i m also concerned w/ the admin  budget which didn t include any new funds for globalhealth security  the spread o…
rt  hispaniccaucus  deported veterans stood up for their country and put their lives on the line  now  we have to ensure they receive the b…
virginia insurers directly blamed trump/gop sabotage efforts for sharply rising costs  which will drive premiums in…
great to be  csnfoundation dinner recognizing outstanding community leaders  mr  rossi ralenkotter   lvcva  …
it seems some of my republican colleagues have buyer s remorse for their g o p tax scam  i ve said all along that this…
peter s statement on the release of the nunes memo 
rt  hispaniccaucus  live   housegop is jamming forward a radical funding package to make american taxpayers pay for trump s borderwall  ht…
 whiphoyer  nrdems mahalo  whiphoyer appreciate your leadership and support 
life-changing work being done at the veterans orthopedic training center – helping our veterans successfully transi…
hundreds of thousands of d r e a mers live in limbo  while republicans waste time and take no action  we have to work…
today is the last day of open enrollment  make sure you and your loved ones get covered before time runs out  deadl…
i joined 83 of my colleagues to send a letter to both democratic and republican house leadership asking them to inc…
i agree 
  secretaryzinke is installing elaborate new doors in his office that will cost taxpayers almost  140 000 …
there s a lot to explore in delaware this spring  have you been to go ape in  lumspond state park …
had a great time working as a clerk at the a k  smiley public library in redlands as the latest stop on my job for…
nj medical society inaugural gala in long branch with president john poole and  nancypinkin 
the spending bill invests in students by increasing pell grants and work study programs  making college more afford…
la decisión de la corte suprema es una buena noticia  ya que las renovaciones de  daca  continuarán  pero los…
rt  judgeclayj  hey  fort worth  enrollment assistance available on 12/2 at refugee services of texas 8 30 am-1 30 pm at 4200 s  freeway s…
this approach is beyond dangerous  if finalized  us leadership will once again take a hit  we don t need  can t aff…
earlier today  i spoke to teenagers in newark about the importance of education and building community  when a comm…
today & every day  i am thankful trumpcare did not become the law of the land 
i m inspired by all of you  i ll take your stories back to washington  dc  our country has the tools  and congress…
my town hall meetings start this weekend and continue through march  i hope you can join me when i m in or near you…
 the us government s budget deficit is about to explode — and the trump tax law and spending surge is to blame  
 if  potus is truly concerned about the suffering of the syrian people  then he must do all he can to bring about peace  
on november 30  1782  united states & britain signed preliminary peace articles in paris  that would eventually en…
thinking of the students  faculty and first responders after yet another school shooting  this time at great mills…
hawaii s own leaders like sens  daniel inouye and daniel akaka  rep  patsy mink  nisei-only 442nd & our filipino w…
rt  rwpusa  message to congress  stop sitting there like a  potted plant  or we will have to uproot the plant 
 icymi  i was granted a perfect score on  lcvoters national environmental scorecard for my dedication to environment…
i had the opportunity to speak at the infinite possibilities conference for women of color in mathematics and stati…
equalpay is not just a women s issue  it impacts our families  businesses  & economy  equal pay day
thanks moww for hosting a wonderful tribute to more than 350 vietnam veterans in slo  we must honor our vets & the…
i am extremely grateful for the visit by  lord_of_q   mayor of unadilla  it was nice to have a taste of georgia on…
trump s  fox & friends  rant was beyond unhinged  cnn 25th amendment evidence 
pruitt proposed drastic budget cuts to public health & the environment- all while abusing taxpayer       he must go 
the federal government s response in helping puerto rico recover has been unacceptable  we must do better 
the determined black dad who took linda brown by the hand and made history
yesterday i joined a bipartisan effort to force a vote on expanding background checks and closing loopholes  we all…
the war on drugs ripped american families apart  falling especially hard on communities of color  its effects conti…
people who are banned from buying guns are also legally prohibited from buying bullets  yet nationally we have no w…
today i m announcing that  neighborworks is awarding neighborhood housing services of southern nevada a  244k feder…
rt  wgha  thank you  repadamsmith for speaking at the final mile logistics working group   there are more tools in the foreign policy toolb…
rt  cohhio  thanks  repbeatty for speaking out against this outrageous proposal  it s the exact opposite of what we need when 400 000 ohio…
joining  chrislhayes tonight to discuss how the  whitehouse s guns plan falls woefully short of what s needed  tune in just after 8pm    
good legal analysis from  voxdotcom on what might happen with investigation if mueller was removed  worth a read 
we should all be concerned that  realdonaldtrump may be compromised by a hostile foreign power & that  housegop ref…
chag sameach  wishing all delawareans who celebrate a happy passover 
interns in my office have lasted longer than senior white house officials have… and they re only here for a semeste…
rest in peace linda brown  as a child  your courage and bravery inspired us  students all around our nation are for…
i extend my heartfelt condolences to the family of the sanitation worker who lost their life in the amtrak acciden…
thank you 109th precinct for making residents aware of mail fishing  a scheme i m also working hard to combat 
hopefully  it is a signal that congress is willing to work together in the best interest of the american people whe…
👉  tampafamhealth centers are a lifeline for families & child immunizations  want to prevent cancer  make sure your…
my letter to sec re   carl_c_icahn  it is hard to believe icahn s actions wrt unloading voluminous shares of manito…
 momentoftruth  trump fired fbi director comey  deliberately drafted a misleading statement about the infamous tru…
team titus at  sba_nevada s annual awards luncheon w/ mehdi_z of  crazypita winner of the 2018 small biz award
jobs in our region from our oceans  to our forests to our national parks depend on a clean environment  that s why…
getting ready to speak on the house floor about the tax bill  which is scheduled for a vote today  i can t say it e…
rt  repvaldemings   if a local police department or a local police detective was conducting an investigation and suddenly that investigatio…
  nancypelosi speaking to women on the hill quoting shirley chisolm  the first black woman elected to the us congre…
on this day in 1994  congress passed an assault weapons ban  which expired in  04  we must get these weapons of war off our streets again 
rt  housemajpac    collinpeterson has been re-nominated in  mn07  - now on to beating  torreywestrom in november 
the trump administration must support transportation investments beyond just relying heavily on tolls paid for by…
buffalo s own  jakehalpern makes headlines of his own with well-deserved  pulitzerprizes recognition for his work …
rt  beckyann103  thank you  repcartwright & staff for your warm welcome & support in the fight against  we appreciate it   alzheimers alz…
today we uplift the names of transgender people who have been killed in 2017 and honor their memories  tdor 
happy mother s day to all the mothers  grandmothers  aunts and mother-figures  and a special shoutout to my lovely …
today  i added my name to my colleague rep  doyle s legislation  cra  that would overturn the fcc s recent order to…
great discussion today on gunsafety with local high school students in tucson  thanks to everyone who attended 
 icymi   reps  tulsi gabbard   repbrianmast introduce bipartisan bill to evaluate us military burn pits exposure
rt  whiphoyer  the bill passed by  housegop last night is further proof of their inability to govern  it s time for them to work with democ…
i was honored by  theirelandfunds last night at the  ifdcgala  for my work strengthening peace in northern ireland -…
my bill with  reprokhanna would help stop the war and stop fueling the war in yemen 
47 million americans will see a tax increase under the g o p budget tax framework  gop  is that fairer taxes 
   que permite al congreso tratar a mis constituyentes como ciudadanos de segunda clase 
what the world needs now is more bipartisanship  always enjoy working across the aisle to get things done for wisco…
the fight to protect d r e a mers is not over   housedemocrats  and a few republicans  are working to push a  queen of…
great things happening at the  bgcsuncoast - supporting our youth  strengthening our community  and building bright…
rt  usprogressives  we sent a letter to the leadership of the senate foreign relations committee urging them to reject mike pompeo as secre…
my 🙏🏿& thanks to  repteddeutch &  repcicilline for reintroducing the assault weapons ban today  these weapons of mas…
rt  moynihangroup  boston pals - if u haven t voted yet please do and consider mike capuano for us senate masen
hey  king county  i want to hear from you  i ll be hosting two community forums in duvall and carnation on 3/31  so…
open enrollment begins tomorrow  don t miss out on your opportunity to get covered  head over to…
this week marks national crime victims  rights week  we must remember that anyone can become the victim of crime  t…
 maejemison has been  making black history every day  starting with her admission to stanford university when she w…
rep  cicilline announces his 2nd annual community conversation and barbecue for veterans & their families…
rt  johnbrennan  a highly partisan  incomplete  and deeply flawed report by a broken house committee means nothing  the special counsel s w…
in my december floor speech in opposition to the g o p tax scam  i called it  the republican donor-class relief act  …
rt  yourbarriofl  thank you  emerge_usa for hosting  repdarrensoto and myself at your…
despite overwhelming support for a  daca  solution  the house has not been allowed to vote on this issue  i m proud…
i demanded an investigation into the roseburg va  as a result  vets nationwide will soon receive better care 
rt  senatormenendez  an inspiring evening yesterday celebrating black history month in paterson with mayor  rasjbaraka   michelleneesq   bil…
va community care press conference with triwest healthcare alliance
rt  housedemocrats  live  it s time to pass a clean d r e a m act  ↓
sending love and strength to our canadian neighbors and friends in the wake of this brutal violence  we are with yo…
 potus  s attorney michael cohen funneled more than  4 million through a shell company—including payoffs from a ru…
congratulations to senator tammy duckworth  her husband bryan  and big sister abigail on the birth of maile pearl …
despite his unhelpful comments  i am quite encouraged to see that the  whitehouse has dispatched negotiators to tal…
thanks to all those who joined my facebook live q & a to discuss the pruitt hearing  combating the opioid epidemic…
this is plain wrong  the  realdonaldtrump  secretarycarson proposal to force the lowest-income families to pay 3x m…
the bronx fire tragedy has taken many lives and caused many injuries  let s keep them all in our thoughts and praye…
it is day 1480 of captivity for 112 chibok girls who are still being forcibly held by boko haram   bbog… 
today i join the city of houston as we mourn the loss and celebrate the life of councilman larry green  councilman…
i was happy to meet with the midtown neighborhood alliance earlier today and talk about bipartisanship and recent a…
i support all students as they go back to school this week  everyone deserves safe school environment above all else 
there is a rapidly growing list of reasons epa administrator scott pruitt should resign- just one of them is that h…
leaders in higher education and the faith community joined me today to stand with dreamers as they shared their stor…
rt  hannahallam  update  results are in from today s election - a tiny  trump-supporting town just voted out a four-term leader who d dispa…
rt  repjeffries  blasted so-called balanced budget amendment as phony effort to promote fiscal responsibility  republicans burned down our…
rt  housedemocrats  house dems stood with the hardworking men and women of the  machinistsunion who shared their stories about how workers…
all americans should at least be concerned that the ag claims to have such severe  & selective  memory problems 
rt  buffaloniagara  happy 196th birthday to the designer of buffalo s legendary park system - frederick law olmsted  see how  bfloparks is…
 nobody can stay around donald trump long who has a conscience and who has character and who believes in ethics  …
changes in weekly wages from 1996-2015  adjusted for inflation   public-school teachers  - 30 per week other colle…
rt  allisonbjanney  so inspired by all the young people there today  🧡 national walkout day enough walkout
thank you   mariodb 
we need a non-politicized census for an accurate count of our population  this would mean equal representation and…
when my dad went on strike at his racine factory job  he told me to go get an education bc union jobs like his woul…
rt  maggienyt  weeks ago trump told senators they were afraid of the nra
my town hall is underway  there s still time to join us in akron   oh11 
rt  lcvoters  nice   repraskin to  epascottpruitt   resign dude   boot pruitt
as a doctor  i know how hard nurses work to care for patients every day  to all of our nurses  thank you …
  housegop must allow us to vote on the dream act now  the hundreds of thousands of dreamers who have built their li…
high school students  my office is now accepting entries for the 2018 congressional art competition  all submissio…
the nunes memo will be remembered as one of the great works of american political fiction 
the gop tax plan is disproportionately hurting californians  forcing them to pay more  while giving the benefits to wealthy corporations 
economic justice  environmental justice  social justice  our government must be focused on ensuring them all …
rt  energycommerce  just another reason we re thankful that trumpcare ultimately was defeated  flashback friday
i posted a new photo to facebook
i was glad to speak with the  aipac activists today on capitol hill discussing the need to support our strong u s -…
democrats on the house intelligence committee just released a status report to share with the american people the w…
rt  giffordscourage   repryancostello  repkathleenrice this bill is endorsed by major domestic violence prevention orgs including   ndvh  n…
though congress it  the radiation exposure compensation act doesn t cover atomic veterans who cleaned up radioactive debris  atomic vets
rt  eversourcema  eversource customers in e mass can call 1-800-592-2000 to report outages 
taking midterms2018  gun lobby  satire & big guns on  morning_joe on  msnbc this morning 
school counselors  even with limited resources  give their all to help students thrive  i m proud to celebrate…
tomorrow my office will be holding a passport fair with the  usps and the community affairs and resource center  ho…
what if we didn t let russian hacking take our democracy backward  but rather seized an opportunity to move it forw…
team dutch s kendall met w/  amputeesusa coalition encouraging congress to support insurance fairness for prosthtic…
144 companies are looking to fill 6 000 openings  join me next friday  4/13  10am-3pm  at my 15th annual jobs fair…
trump shutdown fact  the president walked away from a bipartisan deal  the gop froze democrats out of the process …
once again   housegop kills a bipartisan deal to lower healthcare costs for american families  they seem to have an…
two years ago  i promised these displaced ashley employees that i d have their backs after their jobs were shipped…
deeply saddened to hear of the senseless taking of lives in sutherland springs  my thoughts and prayers are with all those impacted
last night i was in direct contact with the abington chief of police to talk about this matter  i know he is on top…
  b2bexponm hosted their annual event linking business owners to services and opportunities to network  team m l g jo…
americans deserve the truth  the intelligence committee should release the democratic memo  republicans are using m…
extreme weather impacts our environment and our economy  and it s critical that our next generation of leaders have…
washington dallas & giants win        eagles fall to 3 - 2 with a loss to washington fly eagles fly i still believe  
as extreme weather events become more common  it is increasingly important to ensure ca is prepared to tackle the c…
rt  bflobizfirst   an amtrak station in downtown means nothing  an amtrak station at the central terminal means everything  building it in…
in st  louis park for earth day 
rt  delaware_dhss  live … governor john carney recognizes the role of delaware s social workers today as he signs a proclamation   
rt  elizlanders    vp says of  repjenniffer and  staceyplaskett   you can give these two very strong women a very strong round of applause  
join me at 10 am est/ 9 am cst as i kick-off the  officialcbc healthcare twitter town hall  ask your   using…
earth day is our reminder that we all have an obligation to leave our world better off for generations to come 
rt  janschakowsky  happy 50th anniversary medicare & medicaid  here s to the next 50 yrs  of serving our families  medicare medicaid50 ht…
mueller is a republican  rosenstein is a republican  the fbi director is a republican   realdonaldtrump  this isn t…
no one should have to choose between keeping a roof over their family s head and putting food on the table  proud t…
my heart goes out to toronto today   wa01  stands in solidarity with our northern neighbors in condemning this trage…
been sounding the alarm bells on  zte  since 2012  total loss to explain  realdonaldtrump decision  what is our coun…
 lylemspencer it s out of control  tuition has gone up 306% since 1980  a few causes  fewer and fewer state/fed dol…
grateful to the first responders who took lifesaving actions last night  including those from our community 
as we face challenges and uncertainty around the globe  it makes no sense to turn your back to progress  to ignore…
check out this week s resistance action steps 
while i m glad these survivors will get some restitution  no amount of money will ever erase  michiganstateu s fail…
although i secured fed funds in the past to support the dredging of hampton harbor  shoaling is making it impossibl…
there is currently a national shortage of 7 million  affordable rental homes  an increase from the 4 4 million gap…
read this article  don t just open it up as a tab and leave it there for days  read it now  this is why corporate…
rt  awhonn   my bill will allow us to respond more tenderly to vulnerable pregnant women and newborns suffering from opioid addiction a…
it was a pleasure meeting with the  nfda about the importance of the burial rights for america s veterans  efforts…
my heart goes out to her daughters  seven grandchildren  and great-grandchild  they are in my prayers  and i hope t…
rt  energycommerce  polluting pruitt s actions have consistently and systematically undermined protections for human health and the environ…
congratulations  gamecockwbb on winning your fourth consecutive sec tournament title  no other team in sec history…
rt  underdogdreams   repdarrensoto underdog dreams and first star academy central florida appreciate your willingness to listen and learn m…
rt  dannyspewakwgrz  a  29 million skyway reconstruction project began today  it s a heavy state investment into a roadway that many want t…
in washington state  there are more than 15 700 children enrolled in head start  head start gives kids a strong fou…
i am very upset by the president s actions today on  daca   & i plan to meet with him to get him to change his mind on this decision 
i have called for pruitt s resignation due to his unethical behavior  but it looks like his soon-to-be deputy is al…
scaling back the use of science at the environmental protection agency is like scaling back the use of textbooks at…
rt  energycommerce  the american people have lost faith in the epa  more than 130 members support a resolution that calls for  epascottprui…
50 years ago  martin luther king jr  was assassinated while in memphis supporting black sanitation workers on strik…
 peterson knows his constituency    that is why we need to keep him in dc to fight for all of us  
share buybacks in 2018 have averaged  4 8 billion a day  double the pace for the same period last year  g o p tax scam…
the democratic women wearing white last night looked so good  almost royal  they were sitting with dignity  goodtrouble
the children s health insurance program provides desperately needed healthcare to nine million at-risk children …
rt  dtmcnally  more focus on new york state s 2 6 million family caregivers  thank you  repeliotengel for cosponsoring rasie family caregi…
  housegop needs to listen to the families 2018 farm bill and  snap  cuts will hurt  join  witnesses_natl…
i joined  repmceachin & 114 of my colleagues requesting proof of correspondence between the wh and the pentagon prior to the trans ban
rt  bnaibrith    repgenegreen visits low-income seniors at pasadena interfaith manor ---
here s what one investment analyst told investors about president trump s drug pricing proposals   obviously  very …
rt  repmarkpocan  loser s bluff  go ahead and veto the omnibus over daca  we dare you  everyone knows you re the reason daca recipients ar…
we might also inquire of stormy daniels about trump s mental state since she has observed him up close  i m sure s…
rt  pourmecoffee  whatever you do  try not to think about him applying this logic to nuclear wars 
small businesses make up 98% of all employers in  wa  - more than half our private-sector workforce  in congress  i …
g o p tax scam cuts the vital medical expense deduction  this is dangerous & will hurt millions of seniors  via  aarp
in order for all students to succeed  teachers and schools must be equipped with the tools needed to thrive  that s…
i am deeply honored to have been recognized last night in my hometown of mercedes  texas for my 20 years of   
everyone—republican and democrat alike—who values rule of law and our system of checks and balances should join our…
attended the new chesapeake men of progress  10th annual achievement and scholarship breakfast  pictured with deleg…
i help take care of my 89 year-old mom  and i know how often scams are targeted at seniors  on senior fraud awarene…
rt  lapublichealth  smoke advisory updated  unhealthy air quality especially in san fernando valley and coastal areas due to creek fire and…
today is the day  come and join me to play catch at houghton park in north long beach at 4pm   ca44 
israel has every right to defend itself against attacks from across its borders  & its actions were justified  u s…
great program  
today the u s  congress remembered and honored congresswoman  louiseslaughter  who passed away last month  louise d…
more money for stock buybacks and executive salaries instead of middle class families  the tax scam is breaking the…
thinking of the students  teachers  and administrators of great mills high school in maryland who ve been targeted…
congratulations to maui s hālau nā lei kaumaka  o uka  kumu napua greig and all the competitors and volunteers who…
 the last year the border patrol apprehended fewer unauthorized immigrants  1971  richard nixon was in the white ho…
without  snap   millions of hungry  working poor families  seniors  and veterans in our communities would struggle t…
rt  nlirh  thank you to  reproybalallard &  repjayapal for highlighting the lack of humanity in detention centers and how being detained ne…
rt  jonfavs  i d like to know what rich and powerful iran deal opponents hired israeli spies to stalk my friends because of their policy be…
tonight i will be on  njtvnews  telemundo  news12nj &  cnnespanol discussing my decision to not attend the state of…
today is international womens day it has me thinking about how lucky my family and i are to live in a region filled…
students across america want and deserve a future free from fear of gun violence  i m so inspired by their courage…
rt  scicmtedems  read  ranking member  replipinski opening statement for cryptocurrency and blockchain technologies hearing
rt  teampelosi  rt if you agree → if trump fires mueller or rosenstein  his reckless actions will ignite a constitutional crisis  he better…
rt  michaelavenatti  i think it would be very helpful for the public to witness a discussion between mr  giuliani and me concerning the fac…
thank you to the  closeup_dc students from pekin  il for stopping by the office today  this group of civic minded s…
please join me on sunday  january 21 at my first valley town hall of 2018  to rsvp simply go to…
press release 
rt  sfornek  house chaplain not ready to say amen  vows to stay and fight for job 
hosting  repswalwell in flint for a future forum visit with students  small business owners & young entrepreneurs …
 senategop passes budget to cut taxes for rich  explode national debt  next  cut programs that help everyone else 
the president  who many of us think is profiting illegally from the office – and we have filed impeachment articles…
rt  replloyddoggett  since 2006  the average cost for a year of medication for someone with a chronic disease has more than doubled to over…
thankful for quick action by our law enforcement officials   mnpd  tbinvestigation  fbi 
last night   rulesreps killed my  nra transparency amendment  families deserve to know if their vacation fund is go…
astounding  us intelligence agencies on house intel chair devin nunes   nunes s request threatened to cross a red…
looking forward to them  constituents can rsvp for any of our  coffee with your congresswoman  events here …
stop telling doj & the fbi what to do  you re embarrassing yourself 
 it is time that we address cannabis as adults  millions of americans legally use cannabis products  there is no…
alabama s and america s better angels spoke last night  congrats to both 
rt  pinkconcussions  largest crowd ever for the brain injury awareness day great job to the congressional brain injury task force and  billpa…
voted against the gop tax bill  my statement 
i am proud to receive a perfect score on the 2017 humane scorecard  thanks to the  humanesociety for the humane cha…
the group visited our washington  d c  office to discuss the importance of the voice of small business owners  the…
rt  repgutierrez  thank you to my colleagues for getting the message out  83 democrats demand dream act be added to omnibus & that funding…
rt  usambnato  a good conversation with  repgregorymeeks at brussels forum discussing eu cooperation on military mobility and issues relate…
poll after poll shows that americans want common sense gun safety regulations  we should listen to these people  yo…
rt  ndeluhery   repmcgovern calls for a national conference on food  nutrition and hunger  sign me up  p h asummit
rt  repdonbeyer  with everything we ve learned about what jared kushner has done  it is impossible for the american people to trust him to…
rt  rvivian370   repdarrensoto gun safety town hall in st  cloud   pbcdhc  repdarrensoto  yourbarriofl  fdpmoneygirl  liana_guerra  hrc_orl…
rt  homelanddems  ranking member  benniegthompson wrote  dhsgov for an update of kaspersky directive  dhs has been sending mixed signals …
to students in parkland and to students around the country  i m with you  we must put public health first  not the…
rt  matthewkeyslive  california  repgaramendi told me earlier today on the phone he s looking forward to a  brawl  with rep  calvert over t…
rt  oas_official    repgregorymeeks  the work the  oas  is doing in commemorating the day of remembrance for the victims of slavery & transa…
welcome to the world  niñita 
knowing exactly how critical the internet is to innovation  i won t give up on net neutrality  & am sponsoring a congressional-fix 
i spoke with herald radio yesterday about the u s  response to chemical attacks in syria and ensuring the safety of…
rt  usgsvolcanoes  wondering what caused that big ash plume on kilauea s summit today   usgs  hawaiian volcano observatory scientist-in-char…
rt  repteddeutch  7 000 pairs of shoes  7 000 children killed by gun violence since the sandy hook massacre in 2012  this  has  to  stop …
we want a safer america now  enough is enough s a f e r now act d s t4 gun reform
rt  usedgov  the dual enrollment experiment will include 44 institutions  serving  10k students w/up to  20m in fed pell grants 
do you live in eastern arizona and need assistance with a federal agency  my staff will hold mobile office hours at…
rt  dickdurbin  it s clear that the department of defense has no legal authority to use the military s budget to pay for trump s wasteful b…
ca  ct  in  wa & or have all adopted variations of the gun violence restraining order act  they are saving lives wi…
rt  countyofla  a solemn moment of remembrance   mlk50 
get out and find your park to celebrate national park week   nv04  is full of natural beauty like gold butte…
was saddened to learn of former navajo nation councilwoman ann  annie  deschenny s passing  she was a great leader …
beyond your many ethical lapses  i am also concerned about your regulatory rollbacks  thankfully  because of your s…
as we celebrate  apahm  let s honor those who broke barriers and helped build the foundation for us  did you know ma…
rt  oversightdems  the docs referenced by trump were never provided to congress  according to press accounts at the time trump staffers bl…
rt  ktchelidzetc  we are at the p a t h academy in willimantic with  repjoecourtney and  windhamchamber learning about programs available he…
rt  repwilson  for 4 years  members of congress have been standing up for the chibok girls  thank you for your support   bbog   repadams  re…
my office has now helped more than 9 000 sacramento county residents with everything from backlogged veterans  bene…
wishing a happy birthday to my good friend  a tireless advocate for working families in  nc01   & former  officialcbc chair   gkbutterfield 
to celebrate womens equality day  congress should pass expanded access to affordable child care 
since today is equal pay day i will be doing a thread on the disparities that women face because they are continuous…
i ll be on c n n s  sotu  panel sunday at 9 30am et  see you bright and early tomorrow morning 
great discussion at nest coffee and bakery in essex junction today  these are tumultuous times  but we will perseve…
eleven sitting republican senators voted for the 2013 immigration deal  which included the dream act  i hope these…
  dhsgov denied that they were breaking the sacred bond between parents and children until the  nyt reported that m…
 fresno_state s clothing closet provides students with professional clothes for interviews  career fairs  & first j…
at a time when  realdonaldtrump is trying to slash funding for environmental protection   epascottpruitt is refusin…
trump & his backroom advisor sean hannity are bosom buddies -- both getting advice from the  fixer  michael cohen …
so proud of jody  who works in my new britain office and was presented with the congressional staffer of the year a…
rt  cqprofiles  happy birthday to  repdwightevans of pennsylvania  who joined the house in 2017  he previously served in the pa  house for…
speaking to  momsdemand reston chapter this evening on steps we can take to reduce gun violence  i call it  abc   r…
rt  wneuniversity  today is the emerging engineers expo  stop by the ahlc between 9 30 and 12 30 and check out the capstone senior design a…
why on earth has  speakerryan fired the house chaplain  still waiting for answers… this group of republicans can …
rt  energycommerce  one year after the trumpcare vote  democratic health leaders  frankpallone   reprichardneal and  bobbyscott call on sp…
our team connected a zvets with veteran-serving community organizations at our veterans engagement summit  couldn t…
the keep americans safe act would prohibit large-capacity magazines like the ones used in the massacre at sandy hoo…
rt  senschumer  on average  women are paid 80¢ for every  1 paid to a white man  does that sound fair  no  way  speak out & tweet equalp…
 deptvetaffairs it s critical that the transition in leadership does not undermine work being done to address defic…
how can you not love sister jean 
in the 19 years since columbine  gunviolence has afflicted over 187 000 students and yet congress *still* has yet…
epa chief scott pruitt is working tirelessly with special interests to weaken environmental protections for their o…
the successes of our  usnavy begin with the hard work and dedication of our nation s shipbuilders  great to meet wi…
the g o p tax scam was not written for middle-class workers  in ga  the top 5% of earners get more than 66% of tax bre…
rt  cbjournal  a bill introduced by iowa rep   daveloebsack that would require the fcc to revise its wireless coverage maps has been signed…
rt  kaffnews  breaking  coconino county has declared a state of emergency because of the tinder fire flagstaff
proud to join my colleagues  repmaloney   repgracemeng  repespaillat and  arturonaleo to address the trump adminis…
counting everyone is a central pillar of our democracy  by planning to add a citizenship question to the…
rt  tharryry  i am delighted that  repdarrensoto will be voting for the cra to overrule the fcc and save our net neutrality rules  find out…
the house just voted to end the federal government shutdown and fund the federal government through february 8  rea…
i will introduce the reentry and reunification act of 2018 in congress to help reunite families of american citizen…
businesses shouldn t be able to discriminate against you because of who you are or who you love  this isn t about c…
rt  repmaloney  fact   gop controls house  senate  and white house  fact  democrats & republicans are willing to vote on bipartisan compr…
join us at 10 am est for the groundbreaking ceremony for  cliffsnr hot-briquetted iron production plant in toledo …
i m proud to be a member of the 115th congress freshman class  we may not always agree on policy  but we ve made it…
this is a flat out lie  from the president of the united states 
rt  commoncause  our elected representatives should be representing the people in their districts—not gerrymandering to protect themselves …
we have to remain engaged  trump is dragging us backward  i support net neutrality and oppose the g o p tax scam 
blessed to join father john hamatie  friends  and neighbors for the 50th anniversary of st  george antiochian ortho…
thank you   goldenknights  for honoring 1 october victims on such a historic night for the team  congratulations on…
in communities affected by the opioidcrisis  emergency medical personnel  first responders and even the public are…
trump pardons  scooter  libby in cia leak case  libby leak
rt  liheapcampaign  a great show of leadership from  peterwelch in forming a bipartisan coalition of 171 mocs to support funding  liheap  at…
while i m pleased that rev  conroy rescinded his resignation & speaker ryan accepted it  there are many unanswered…
trump budget s cuts to transportation spending are larger than the entire trump infrastructure package  infrastructure scam
i joined  alexwitt on  msnbc re trump s silence on russia  trump russia collusion& pardons to flynn& manafort …
the florida law that penalizes local communities for taking action to prevent gun violence is absurd  i m extremely…
thanks to the clayton county leaders who worked with us to help secure the much-needed  4 282 946 for our wonderful…
the min wage in philadelphia is a dismal  7 25/hour  while the avg rent in our city is  1 423  to pay for rent  res…
rt  fcnl  congress should support  replipinski and  repjohnfaso s creative bill to foster innovation to address climate change  we need mor…
rt  repcummings  it s time to send a clear message on the 2020 census that everyone counts  an undercount will hurt people in red states to…
a mind to work  
 our history is defined by the youthful push to make america more just  more compassionate  more equal under the la…
scam artists use a variety of mediums and persuasion methods  protect your family with these resources …
it was an honor to speak at the  ncil  rally today  thank you for the work you do for people with disabilities 
maloney statement on storm damage  death of newburgh girl 
all of us had higher hopes for the professionals around the president  expectations which were apparently too high …
remembering the brave men and women we lost at pearl harbor 76 years ago today  honoring the sacrifice of all the a…
rt  housesbcdems   lgbtq  americans are growing small businesses across the country & deserve our support  that s why  nydiavelazquez and  r…
america is the richest country in world  but millions of families still struggle with hunger and health issues it…
over 170 000 gun deaths since 2012  congress must do more than offer our thoughts and prayers  honor with action
rt  timabc11  not surprised by the pushback  this is a pervasive problem in many industries when leadership doesn t accurately reflect the…
looking forward to the panel   tothecontrary  there s a lot to discuss   ttc 
first day of practice   sengillibrand is no joke  a little rusty since our practice last year   montclaircavs softb…
on earth day  we reaffirm our commitment to protecting our world and holding its so-called stewards accountable  we…
today  team m l g celebrated the national day of prayer at a b q s civic plaza with new mexicans of all faiths who came…
rt  tlhumanrights  co-chair  repmcgovern spoke on the floor of the house today in honor of the 29th birthday of the panchen lama  disappear…
icymi  full funding for the red line in indy will soon be approved  as a member of  transport  i have fought for…
the lordstown planning commission voted unanimously to rezone the land where tjx will build its distribution center…
had a great time visiting with  ironworkers_pnw local 86 members and apprentices earlier today  thanks to bm chris…
a  43 000 phone booth  first class flights while gallivanting around the globe  and a luxury condo for  50 a night …
check out el paso s environmental victory on this morning s news  thanks to all of those who fought for decades to…
according to officials in gaza  the death toll went over 60 on monday - includes several children
rt  repbonnie  trump s greatest priority is his tee time and it s cost tax payers are least  49 710 384   sotu 
i expect this will be just the tip of the iceberg   realdonaldtrump  do not interfere with the special counsel s in…
proud to support mentalhealth legislation in  energycommerce today—an important step forward  but still more to do 
glad to see that sessions listened to congress and reversed his decision to suspend the legal orientation program…
bashar al-assad s repeated use of chemical weapons on his people is an egregious violation of international law  la…
there is absolutely no benefit to ending  tps  and deporting nearly 60 000 hardworking hondurans who contribute so m…
rt  ricksmithshow  what gives me hope is not congress but the kids in wv with their aspirations  they get that the world is changing  that…
on nov 28  1975  president ford nominated federal judge john paul stevens to  scotus  associate justice seat vacated by william o  douglas 
rt  wneuniversity  celebrate springtime with food  music  dancing  and kite flying  the kite festival is today from 4-7pm in commonwealth l…
congratulations to my friend  dangarodnick on his new position running  riversideparkny  and welcome to the uws  n…
the  combover cookie  was delicious  thanks ryno   sotu   copsdoughnuts
rt  ncpssm    repraskin is in your corner  but seniors living in other parts of the country are not so lucky   - maxrichtman p2
i am committed to working with  hasc  to maintain the military installations on the central coast  promote their edu…
today  students across the country are making their voices heard  and i stand with them to say that the time for th…
someone please remind me again how the g o p tax bill is a good deal for the middle-class and hardworking americans  …
rt  hispaniccaucus  live - watch the  hispaniccaucus  usprogressives & border caucus and experts experts and stakeholders from border commu…
rt  pdamerica  to beat trump in 2020 we need to flip florida healthcare summit
rt  brettneely  in mn07  collinpeterson raised  344k b/t late july and 9/30 - the most he s ever raised in 12 terms in congress 
proud 2rep monta vista  cupertino & homestead high schools all landing on top 100 public schools in nation  newsweek
if president trump is considering military action in syria  he needs to come to congress first  congress  not the w…
the candy man isn t who you want to be the president s physician  and it s definitely not who you want running the…
once again  trump s decision to strip d r e a mers of their protected status has been struck down by the courts  👇🏽https //t co/vjezaaoidg
trump spent  1 8 trillion to give billionaires tax breaks  but now wants to claim he cares about the debt by taking…
rt  repdonbeyer  standing with colleagues  repbonamici  repsarbanes  repcarbajal and committed protectors of marine ecosystems from  ouroce…
putting a question about citizenship on the 2020 census isn t a common-sense addition -- it s a deeply political mo…
couldn t be prouder of this team and their inspiring run to the final four  go ramblers 
 scotus  reinstated limited  potus travelban before hearing case   usa  must lead & protect refugees seeking safety  lives depend on it 
tens of millions of people losing health care coverage is not a better health care system  it is just plain absurd  make america sick again
rt  corrywestbrook  congressman polis talking about how important the esa is & his efforts to save imperiled wildlife - and rejecting  exti…
rt  talkpoverty   as a single parent my schedule was often unpredictable  if my child got sick i missed a shift and didn t get paid for tho…
this is about compassion – and something 6 5 million floridians agreed on  cruel to take away legal option of heali…
my full statement on the u s  walking away from the iran deal
on equal pay day  we confront the double burden of sexism & racism in the fight to achieve pay equity  women on aver…
the higer education act exists to provide and expand access to affordable education for those who have been traditio…
 watch  democrats hold a forum to examine issues of school climate  schoolsafety  and violence prevention …
rt  asnadvocacy  kidney caucus co-chair   repdelbene addresses a packed room for a briefing on the intersection between women and kidney di…
my staff will be holding mobile office hours this month in clovis and santa fe  mobile office hours provide an oppo…
**update** canyon fire2
making rent isn t a new problem  but it can be solved  let s make room for affordablehousing   ne02 
the majority of people who are experiencing homelessness do not want to be homeless  they are fighting demons of me…
rt  calimorrison   the cost of doing nothing is not nothing   he told axios   you pay a huge price if you fail to act around change    repj…
the  uscbo report projects that snap will cost  1 billion less this year and additionally  will decrease by  16 bil…
rt  flanagannjtv  offshore oil drilling ban signed into law by  govmurphy   repchrissmith says it s  best insurance  to stop any drilling e…
he helped establish the first black-owned bank to challenge practices such as restricted loans  he also co-founded…
rt  repkarenbass  they used to say slavery was a  local matter   they used to say jim crow segregation was a  local matter  
1/2 right now  house republicans are  passing  a balanced budget amdt to the constitution  right after blowing a hi…
the future of the internet is at stake in the fight against the  fcc s repeal of net neutrality 
spare us the flowery language   realdonaldtrump  you re fronting for the nra at the expense of the safety and secur…
don t know where to vote today in central ohio  find your polling location from  franklincoboe your vote matters 
fattah leadership on brain science - appropriations ranking member nita lowey commends fattah s n    via  youtube
federal highway administration  fhwa  estimates the deficient bridge backlog nationally is  106 billion  fix the fund deficient bridges /4
president trump is taking us backwards 
what a great night showcasing the talents of so many young artists in central florida who are competing in the…
in case you were still wondering whether president trump is focused on the priorities of the american people  he s…
thank you to  senatorcollins &  amyklobuchar for introducing the senate companion to my community action opioid res…
 famuext  hbcudigest  1890landgrant  nlfrta  blackfarmersusa  famu_1887  sustainfamu thank you for sharing this  a…
what about  realdonaldtrump promise of  insurance for everybody   when  housegop moves to destroy health coverage for millions of americans
momentous day for our community w grand opening of  lluchildrens clinic in indio  will cont  to work towards afford…
rt  chci  please rt  chci s r2 l next gen program application deadline has been extended to april 8  2018  current sophomores and juniors in…
rt  fritz4assessor  to have  repdannydavis  support is such an honor  we re working together to bring truth and transparency to communities…
trump betrayed the voters  again   while patients are struggling with high drug prices  trump hired a big pharma pr…
rt  roycebmurray  great op-ed by  reproybalallard &  repjayapal  in ice detention  pregnant women face stress  trauma  and inadequate care…
glad to address a luncheon celebrating the contributions and accomplishments of jewish-americans during…
✈️  flytpa infrastructure modernization created thousands of well-paying jobs & keeps america s favorite airport t…
another rough day for our country  but i have faith in our future  as i left for the day  i saw a 13 y/o walk past…
to say that epa administrator scott pruitt s actions  raise concerns  is a gross underestimation of his behavior  i…
thank you   hurdonthehill 
this earth day  as we reflect on the progress that we made in protecting our environment  we must recommit to worki…
rt  repcohen  trump being president is not  really the way life in america is supposed to work  
rt  icinclusion  ici s  tsannicandro  cindy thomas & david helm went to visit  repkclark   repbrochester  and robert primus   repmikecapuan…
rt  dukewbb  dancing our way to the sweet sixteen    💃💃💃🔵😈
rt  hartfordbuzz  delauro attacks trump plan to revamp federal food assistance
the meeting between north korean & south korean leaders and their pledge to formally end the korean war are histori…
    a  7 billion increase in funding for veterans  health care and other priorities  including  2 billion for va ho…
congrats to the londonderry high school marching band - making new hampshire proud at this morning s rose parade 
rt  toyotapolicy  it was also fitting for  repveasey to check the  toyota mirai out while it was raining - the mirai s only emission is wat…
the constitution requires congress to demand a real strategy and authorize it  or not   no more open-ended middle east wars 
cronyism and corruption are the hallmarks of the trump administration  and none of that is more apparent than in th…
 realdonaldtrump  i m not sure why you still don t get this  but you re the one imploding it  stop sabotaging the…
rt  latpoliticsca  maxine waters asks twitter for information about russian accounts that reportedly attacked her
this headline says all you need to know about scott pruitt s  epa  he s never been interested in doing his job to p…
congrats to leon s jared miller for his top 10 finish at the world livestock auctioneer championship   sellatauction
rt  waysmeanscmte    reprichardneal introduced the butch lewis act to shore up multiemployer pension plans and guarantee retirees the full…
oopsie 
rt  umasslowell  jon meacham pulitzer prize winning author  jmeacham and u s  rep  niki tsongas  nikiinthehouse will address umass lowell g…
coming to an agreement has proved elusive since the president s budget proposal eviscerated funding for programs th…
g o p tax scam shortchanges middle class working families who deserve real tax reform  six months after the bill was s…
cinco minutos ahora para votación final de promesa
rt  waysmeanscmte  desperate to make the republican tax law palatable to the american people  the trump administration may play games with…
dr  glick said access to excellent health care should be available to all  projects like this new  jrchbuffalony l…
on behalf of the south sound community  thank you chief dibble
congratulations  graduates   nyc  is grateful for your service 
today i sent a letter to the republican leadership of the house financial services committee to request hearings on…
wishing  flotus a safe and speedy recovery 
margaret hamilton truly shot for the stars with her efforts in leading the software engineering division of the mi…
my full statement on the iran deal withdrawal 
iran can t be allowed to obtain nuclear weapons  the iran deal was not perfect but provided for intrusive inspectio…
north long beach  come join me tomorrow at houghton park for play catch with your congresswoman  we will be meeting…
the trump budget is paid for on the backs of seniors & america s most vulnerable  w/ its proposed cuts to social sa…
i co-authored an op-ed with  repmikequigley and  repschneider on how the gop s tax plan would hurt families in illi…
the president s infrastructure plan  which provides  200 billion in direct investment over a decade  also cuts  206…
i really appreciate the support and endorsement of  seiumn for my re-election this year 
rt  repdankildee  four years later  flint families are still recovering from the water crisis and having to use filters & bottled water  in…
rt  afgenational  betsy de vos and the department of education refused to collectively bargain with afge and implemented a unilateral edict…
each march 8th  we celebrate international women s day and honor women making h e rstory worldwide   iwd2018 
it is a complete shame that anyone who enlists in our armed forces and risks their lives to protect our values and…
starting our 10th annual congressional art competition  congrats to all our winners 
happy to announce the winner of my district-wide congressional arts competition  jenny nguyen from the san diego sc…
my office has had a few calls reporting phone scams in our district  so i want to remind you to be vigilant about t…
rt  emilyslist  yes  women are still fighting for equal pay in 2018  here s how much women make for every dollar made by white  non-hispani…
i was so glad to welcome the amazing students from gross pointe north high school to capitol hill today   gpnhs…
did you feel that  should be a reminder to have an earthquake kit ready  🥫non-perishable food 💧1 gal water/ perso…
 the tax bill was sold as a way to create jobs and boost stagnant wages  so far  at least  corporations have been s…
rt  hardball   i have ambassadors come into my office all the time asking  what is going on in the united states     repkarenbass on trump …
trump s offshore oil drilling proposal could be devastating to san diego s economy  environment  and our national s…
having fun with my fellow unh alumni  it may not be called the franklin pierce law center anymore  but i m proud t…
rt  bettymccollum04    epascottpruitt  you avoided answering our questions  blamed your actions on staff & failed to explain your sloppy w…
i had the opportunity to join volunteers at the granite falls community coalition food bank today  a big thank you…
rt  readyharris  from  hcfcd | harris county flood control district begins drive on  84 million hurricane repair program  more info here ht…
today marks six months since trump terminated daca and set into motion a crisis he and republican leaders have prol…
today  i joined  mcasmiramarca to honor the four marines we tragically lost in a helicopter crash last month  san d…
rt  hema_kohli_  never again  we will be the change  national walkout day never again parkland students no n r a money in our life time  whatif… 
today  on international womens day2018  we recognize the many achievements of women around the world & the sacrifice…
rt  thehill  kamala harris co-sponsors booker s bill to legalize marijuana nationwide
new developments in the fight for a free and open internet – senate vote now expected next week  i support the same…
today at cads i met some inspiring survivors of this heartbreaking opioid and heroin epidemic  wes is a recovering…
janusv a f s c m e comes down to big corporations vs people  it s more than an attack on unions  but the middle class it…
reminder to every registered voter in pa to come out and vote tomorrow  blood was shed for your right to vote  polls open from 7am to 8pm 
rt  repalgreen  when you are in like flynn  you can take a lot of people out  another step closer to impeachment mr  president  repeal and r…
 epascottpruitt has announced a new rule that will severely limit  epa access to science when crafting regulations…
the cfpb was created so americans had someone putting consumers first & protecting them from abusive practices from…
rt  delawareestuary  thank you  senatorcarper  chriscoons  repbrochester for supporting funding for the delaware river basin restoration…
this saturday  i will be hosting a town hall in summit county to discuss the new tax law s impact on you and your f…
 smallywood great seeing you  chris 
rt  edwardjgraham1    repannaeshoo intro d bill to prevent anyone w/federal loan  student loans  mortgages  vet loans  etc  from unwanted r…
congratulations to all of the  vt  athletes headed to pyeongchang  i ll be cheering you on from washington 
 ca20  is bountiful  monterey county grows 53 different winegrape varieties  making the county california s largest…
everyone deserves a safe  stable place to live  i appreciate the work of  gnchmlesshltr in supporting families tran…
congrats to  ducksunlimited   grasslandwd   ca_dwr   ca  wildlife conservation board  &  usfws for their  1m grant in…
rt  teampelosi  there are four pillars holding up the financial security and physical well-being of the average american family  medicare …
does  housegop suddenly realize this is terrible policy  or do they not like the  optics  after las vegas shooting 
great win last night by  uvmmbb  headed to their third straight  americaeast finals  go catamounts 
rt  ngeiling   congressmanruiz  who is also a physician  talking about the public health dangers of fine particle pollution  reminder that…
moms dont need cruel immigration policies and raids that tear their families apart  when immigrants thrive  our nati…
proud to stand side-by-side with my colleagues and other advocates to urge the supreme court to protect the right o…
 radiofreetom i really hope your next book doesn t have to be  the death of rule of law 
had a great time at the 4th of july parades across the district 
rt  plymptonfire  it s time to prepare for high winds and tropical downpours  charge cell phones  bring outside furniture inside  watch for…
disturbed by the horrific news trans activist hande kader was brutally murdered  i stand with all who demand justice  hande kadere ses ver
martin  you didn t leave me time to ask you if you were serious about offering andrew mccabe a job as you tweeted t…
rt  buzzfeednews   with all due respect  i may be elected but i m not a fool  that s really a lousy answer   rep  anna eshoo said to epa ch…
the unemployment rate for mil spouses is 4 x the national average  it s military spouse appreciation day  a day to sa…
attention 10th & 11th graders  applications are now being accepted for the 2018 congressional black caucus spouses…
no one should be in jail for months or years pending deportation  we need a humane alternative to indefinite detention 
i had a great time bringing donated books from the library of congress to the andalusia public library  thanks to e…
rt  fscdems   release   ranking member  repmaxinewaters thanks janet yellen for her exceptional service as chair of the  federalreserve | …
  taxpolicycenter analysis sums up the g o p tax scam perfectly  by 2027  the top 0 1% will get an avg tax cut of  320…
pleased  nycmayor is improving flawed bail system  cutting needless time behind bars is right step towards criminal justice reform
 rolandsmartin  bobbyscott  repebj    and we ll be in silicon valley next week to focus on black representation in…
it s my privilege to hear from veterans about their needs and how i can help  this afternoon  i heard from new jers…
now that the caravan is broken up  i m crawling out of my underground shelter  thank you  mr  president 
head start and the skagit preschool resource center give kids a strong foundations in the classroom and are critica…
as an alumnus of  morehouse   i know the important contributions hbcus have made in educating  training  & empoweri…
women of color are even worse off  in the u s   for every  1 a man is paid  latinas are paid just 54 cents  african…
  realdonaldtrump &  epascottpruitt are ok with destroying our planet  american s aren t & will fight this at ever…
rt  teampelosi   it will be  america first  and we won t ship your jobs overseas   they said   trust us   they asserted  those were lies —…
congratulations to uriah armstrong  an  az09  service academy nominee accepted to west point 
the blackout in pr is the second longest in world history  the united states  the wealthiest country on this plan…
this holocaust remembrance day we remind ourselves of the importance of diversity and recommit to working to prevent…
rt  bobbyscott  a former  edworkforcedems intern now teaches at northwestern senior high school which just lost a current & former student…
hr 7  another attempt to deny women their fundamental right to make health decisions   2/2   ppmass  prochoicemass
heading to the house veterans  affairs committee to testify on issues important to veterans in the las vegas valley…
rt  hispaniccaucus   it is sad that we have to continue to remind this administration that immigrants founded this country and have fought…
as maternity care caucus co-chair  i was honored to accept a maternity care champion award on the caucus  behalf fro…
do you want to learn more about what congress is doing this year  or how the trump administration s actions are imp…
looking to get involved with coltsville national historical park this spring and summer  there are a series of even…
does passing a very unpopular g o p tax bill cost republicans the speaker s gavel  follow the falling gavel for early…
america is greater because of its immigrants & its diversity  our friends & neighbors from haiti  nigeria  ghana…
the gun violence restraining order act is bicameral  bipartisan legislation that temporarily takes firearms away fr…
earlier this week i was honored to welcome the  spinabifidaassn to d c  for their first ever hill day  i am committ…
the select committee on gun violence prevention would investigate causes of mass shootings  the background check sy…
   gynene  a nursing assistant & single mom makes less than a living wage in new jersey  & she just wants  to go ho…
the flint water crisis is not an anomaly—what happened to flint is a warning to all americans  many communities are…
rt  nc_governor  woody durham s amazing voice brought tar heel sports to life  his life  legacy and love for the first public university in…
the  aca  also provides key preventive health services—such as flu shots  cancer screenings  and birth control—at no…
i voted no because this deal is short-sighted & doesn t fully address working americans  priorities  while republic…
this is another manufactured crisis created by a gop &  potus determined to build barriers to health care underneat…
that comes out to  51 100 per year per prisoner locked up in hawaiʻi  more than a year s salary for many people in…
i spoke with  alexjlockie of  businessinsider about the legality of trump s syria strikes  you can read our full co…
everywhere i go in connecticut  i meet people whose families have lost loved ones to drug addiction  the stakes are…
 hr4140   no unconstitutional strike on north korea act  w over 70 bipartisan cosponsors in the house & senate  woul…
rt  congboyle  proud to join  replindasanchez and community stakeholders in my philadelphia office to discuss immigration policy issues   d… 
my heartfelt thanks to the congressional hispanic caucus institute  its staff  my colleagues  friends and   
rt  jeremylredmon  rep  john lewis after an immigration official declined to say how many are being detained   why don t we just sit down a…
we rise up for fair wages  decent working conditions  and access to affordable health care  including abortion  so…
today  on holocaust remembrance day  we pause to remember those lost  in the words of elie wiesel   for the dead and…
never should have been nominated in the first place  but some welcome news  climate change skeptic withdraws nomina…
great to be joining students  faculty and staff  nevadastate college s 15th anniversary celebration  thank you to p…
it was great to hear from so many dedicated community leaders at my annual womens history month luncheon today  loui…
rt  marchtampa  thank you  usrepkcastor  andrewwarrenfl  debbellanti  darrylrouson  kimberly overman  moms demand action  brady campaign  s…
i m always proud to walk side-by-side with the brave men & women who serve & protect our communities  thank you …
joining my friend  shdetroit on  wdet this morning to discuss the gun violence epidemic & next steps to keep our ch…
an incredible milestone for  neckerstoyland in simsbury  congratulations on 70 years of success—and here s to many…
here s a list of cosponsors for the s t o p school violence act trust but verify
rt  kasie  also tonight on  kasiedc -- fun joint interview with republican  repryancostello and democratic  repbrendanboyle on the hot race…
my annual  md05  military service academy forum is tomorrow night at 6pm at fop 89 in upper marlboro  i encourage al…
 connorobriennh wait  that s not how everyone reads 
rt  energycommerce  this follows several reports of outside groups using false identities to influence federal rulemaking processes at  fcc…
i will be offering an amendment in the appropriations committee to prevent funds from being used to include such a…
this morning i met with students  teachers and advocates affected by the shooting at marjory stoneman douglas high…
tune into  11alivenews  atlandco now  coming up next and talking about my 15th annual jobs fair 
 snap  food assistance already has work requirements  congressional republicans are imposing painful changes that ta…
on the floor  republicans are spending the week considering non-controversial tax filing & irs reform bills  while…
not only does the nunes memo hide the truth that russia interfered with our election  it also seems designed to giv…
republicans want to review the  integrity  of the title x family planning program  all while trying to strip away f…
tune in at 7pm for our facebook town hall with  delawaredot secretary jennifer cohan  net d e where to watch …
thankful for young people who will descend on capitol tomorrow to demand congress pass gun safety legislation enough
tax day moment of truth  the  housegop tax scam is a despicable  2 3t money grab to benefit the wealthy on the back…
my statement on tonight s trump shutdown 
  gop leadership is trying to ram a 2 000-page spending bill through congress today giving members little to no ti…
rt  ucsf  thank you  repdesaulnier and  repdianadegette for your continued advocacy for research funding and support for public universitie…
i m joining  teamcavuto on  foxbusiness in 10 minutes 
my heart goes out to the families who lost loved ones in nashville  grateful for the law enforcement officers who c…
we in the problem solvers caucus came together - ds & rs - to find bipartisan starting points of agreement so congr…
if you want to see one big reason for the dysfunctionality of congress  all you need to do is take a look at the 20…
the trump budget shows the g o p tax scam for what it really is  rather than producing surpluses as republicans falsel…
today is peace officers memorial day  please join me in praying for all the members of our law enforcement community…
thanks to my friend  repraskin for this important debate 
happy international womens day  the theme of this year s commemoration is press for progress  highlighting the ongoin…
rt  rollcall  kicking off a multi-day celebration of the 1862 abolition of slavery in washington  d c   del  eleanor holmes norton made a p…
happy teacher appreciation day to all our dedicated  pwcsnews and  fcpsnews teachers  thank you for your work in edu…
eight years ago  our country chose a compassionate health care system where our neighbors couldn t be denied care b…
thanks for all the support you have shown me in the past  i respectfully ask for your vote today  e day  gotv 
rt  alexwitt    reprubengallego - president uses troops as  political props 
gov  deal has expanded the state of emergency for irma to all 29 counties in ga s 2nd congressional district 
yesterday i hosted a meeting of  texastech officials and colleagues of mine from the texas delegation to discuss th…
this morning  i met with european union officials to discuss coordinated international relations regarding venezuel…
rt  appropsdems  happening now   reptimryan leads  appropsdems at full committee markup of fiscal year 2019 legislative branch appropriatio…
subjecting pregnant women to languish in detention centers that historically fail to meet the health needs of pregn…
rt  gkbutterfield  thank you to  jack and  twitter for meeting with us today on making a smart investment in diversity in tech   cbctech202… 
last night s court ruling on  daca  forces the trump administration to answer a fundamental question  can it demonst…
from moving across country  even overseas  changing jobs and changing schools  military families put country before…
rt  cityoffontanaca  is your quiet street turning into a speed zone  the fontana neighborhood traffic management program gives residents a…
congratulations to the creative young students who participated in the congressional art competition  a special sho…
rt  repdavideprice  in north carolina  60% of benefits in the g o p tax scam go to the top 5% of earners  meanwhile  a minimum wage worker wil…
rt  shawnpcollins just cast my ballot for cong  capuano in webster  low turnout so far  gotta get to the polls  masen
original cosponsor  jacksonleetx18 discussing legislation to protect due process and the independence of special c…
the house is set to begin debate on the g o p farm bill today with a final vote expected friday  frankly  it s mindb…
american workers aren t earning enough to keep up with the high cost of health care  housing  child care  and more …
rt  jimsciutto  the library of congress is a hidden washington treasure  just stunning 
rt  repteddeutch  last night  our community stood together with the mourning families  now  we must turn our thoughts and prayers into acti…
rt  nwsnewyorkny  a line of severe t-storms has developed for our west & continues to approach the region  potential for strong damaging wi…
congress must oppose the trump administration s efforts to politicize and sabotage the 2020 census  the u s  census…
rt  hispaniccaucus  trump s anti-immigrant policies are hurting small businesses across the country that can t find americans willing to do…
rt  oversightdems  this latest stunt in the nunes-gowdy-goodlatte circus backfired miserably—just like the misleading fisa nunes memo and j…
camden n j is joining the bikeshare movement & leading the way with a new  innovative app  whether you live in the…
rt  henkel  congressman  jahimes visited henkel s north american consumer goods headquarters in stamford  ct  besides discussing key topic…
rt  housejuddems  today   housegop will bring  hr469  to the floor  this bill is an assault on americans  health  safety  and privacy  new d…
rep   bobbyscott  happy birthday  grateful for your leadership as ranking member of  edworkforcedems 
there are 18k manufacturing jobs that go unanswered in new england  i was happy to visit  schottusa in southbridge…
needless delays in bringing safe over-the-counter medicines to market will soon be a thing of the past  now that…
are you tired of the political drivel  the politi-babble  the socio-blather  the ideological gibberish  the double-…
rt  politico   i believe folks are asking of     their candidate—when you re in that position  will you remember people like me      or am…
 icymi  i joined  abc7newsbayarea to discuss my concerns with president trump s plan to send additional national gua…
rt  oak_updates  here we goooooo   repraulgrijalva thanking  nikiinthehouse for her leadership on every kid outdoors act h r  3186  watch l…
friday s north korea-  south korea talks will be the third time the two countries top leadership have met since the k…
the nbrc has spurred economic development programs and has helped to create jobs in some of the most economically d…
rt  brandikruse  at 9 30am pst   repadamsmith joins me live to discuss strikes in syria  desire for a  clear strategy    q13fox 
this bill is just the latest example of  roslehtinen s career-long commitment to israel s security and to strengthe…
rt  reptedlieu  last year we wrote to jared kushner w/ concerns he was leveraging his wh position to seek financial assistance from foreign…
rt  waysmeanscmte  republicans  sabotage of america s health care system is  blatant public-policy malpractice  and is causing patients  ex…
here are some key points concerning the tax cuts and jobs act that became law december of 2017 
reclaiming my time  magazine names rep  maxine waters among 100 most influential
i urge new jersey towns and organizations to apply for the recently announced  epa clean water funding  letters of…
hawaii just became the 1st state in the nation to ban chlorpyrifos-- a harmful pesticide that has been linked to d…
tune in to  cnbc s  powerlunch at 1 30 pm  i ll be on talking about  facebook ceo mark zuckerberg s upcoming appearance before congress 
we discussed the relationship between texas  school finance system and increasing property taxes  and the process f…
  housegop just passed h r  3144  a bill that upends bedrock environmental laws  hurts a thriving outdoor recreatio…
welcome to dc  katie mcgilvery  our  fl13   congressionalac winner  her app  downtown  has the potential to revoluti…
rudy giuliani should know better   anti-american  was used to vilify an entire ethnic group  he should know about sacco and vanzetti 
my office received dozens of beautiful art pieces from sacramento county s high school students during this year s…
reminder  tonight  february 5th and tuesday  february 6th i ll be holding telephone town hall meetings for my const…
delaney applauds inclusion of hubzone provision in defense authorization bill save our hubzone  md6  garrett county
 no child  parent  teacher  or anyone should feel scared to go to a school  -lia  5th grade
that s why i introduced the marijuana justice act which  🇺🇸legalizes marijuana nationwide ⚖️expunges non-violent fed…
wondering just what the trump administration s culture of corruption has cost american taxpayers  here s an incompl…
so glad to have you back  stevescalise 
so do you  emma4change & all the students who are taking a stand today marchfor our lives national walkout day
thanks jim  repmcgovern for inviting me and thanks a million to the people of worcester mass for showing up at the…
met today with the faa to discuss aircraft noise in residential areas  it is imperative that we understand and reme…
plain and simple --  potus turned his back on the american worker  from a massive tax giveaway that does little to…
my letter urging dem leadership to extend tax credits for electric and alternative fuel vehicles  cutting back on g…
a7  during my time at virginia union university earning my master of divinity  i was introduced to creation care -…
by withdrawing from the iran deal   realdonaldtrump has put his own political concerns over america s best interest…
good call   
glad to join colleagues & small biz owners at 10 k small biz summit to discuss barriers to growth facing small busine…
rt  hslegfund   juliabrownley earned a  100  on the humane scorecard for her support of animal protection  now support her nov 8 
why does this administration insist on targeting our region  first with the tax bill and now stalling gateway  when…
tomorrow at 6 30 pm i will be hosting a live telephone townhall for an opportunity to answer questions and discuss…
polluting pruitt s time at epa has been mired with secrecy  waste of taxpayer  s and widespread conflicts of intere…
excited to be part of opening the new mile square health clinic to serve south shore families 
 grace4ny  housedemocrats and i are walking out with students across the nation 
 repespaillat meets with students from  ny13   democracyprep to discuss efforts to end gun violence and reform …
great to see our oregon winemakers representing in washington  d c  last night & to catch up with harry peterson ne…
discussing importance of diplomacy and development with  usglc at  canembusa
rt  waysmeanscmte  republicans did not aim to help the middle class when they wrote their tax law   the richest americans get a  33 000 ta…
happy national puppy day from our chief morale officer 
rt  edshow  ➨ 15 minutes to edshow w/ repjimmcdermott on obamacare lawsuit   john fugelsang on duggars at 5pet/4pct/3pmt/2ppt on  msnbc …
 stevescalise  repgoodlatte  repmccaul use of slur  chain migration  intentionally distracts from the facts  it s…
i have strong concerns about the fitness of their commander in chief  what these strikes will actually achieve  his…
i m joining  hispaniccaucus  capac  housedemocrats press conference to condemn the trump administration s attempt t…
wishing a happy military spouse appreciation day to each and every one of our military spouses  thank you for your support and sacrifices 
happy earth day  i m proud of our work to protect critical funding for our great lakes but there s still far more t…
as we reflect on the anniversary of flint  rural america is facing another water crisis  deteriorating wastewater…
the p in  epa  stands for protection  not profit or personal gain  yesterday  i reminded the epa s scott pruitt of t…
no   realdonaldtrump  immigrants cannot sponsor  unlimited numbers of distant relatives   important fact check by…
rt  fochillonhmc   repjoseserrano   why are we equal in times of war  then willing to question citizenship in times of need   puerto ricans…
iran deal
