fattah team / real results- 2006 / committee urges safe-blood plan for africa developing countries
bless these 13 truckers and the cops who helped save this man s life 
i m proud to work with senator blumenthal to introduce legislation that would finally provide the tools we need to…
 jaredemoskowitz said   what s changed since pulse  it s the parents who came up one by one  two by two  and the ki…
trump s pardoning of libby rings the dinner bell for anyone who obstructs justice  commits perjury  or lies to fede…
what about the good guys with the guns 
we are all grateful to the firefighters who are battling fires in the southland  particularly those battling to sav…
i sat down this afternoon with members of  aicunj   including dr  eugune cornacchia  president of my alma mater…
let s not limit investigations into violations of our students  civil rights - it doesn t make sense  we ve got the…
rt  oversightdems  the 2016election happened 17 months ago  it is inexcusable that republican leaders in congress have done so little to i…
it s no wonder that shults s family & friends describe her as a pioneer in the aviation field  and as a woman who b…
snap is the country s most effective anti-hunger program  helping 1 in 8 americans afford a basic diet  with most r…
grateful for the support of the 15 000 member massachusetts police association
honored to recognized sec  norman minera w/jacl   senbrianschatz   maziehirono   kupunaadvocate  &  jsmikulanec 
go team u s a  best of luck to all the athletes competing in winter olympics2018  olympics
rt  massdhe  voicesof hunger conf  worcesterstate   repmcgovern says more than food pantries we need sustainable access to nutritious food…
polluting pruitt has consistently looked to enrich himself rather than protect the health of america s families  he…
rescinding tps does nothing but further attack vulnerable immigrant communities in the united states  this morning …
happy valentine s day from  energycommerce  spreading some california-michigan love at the  dccp  hearing today 💕
rt  demsespanol  ya pasaron 6 meses desde que el huracán maría devastó a puerto rico  esta mañana  los líderes demócratas organizaron una m…
rt  politico  tammy duckworth  the first senator in u s  history to give birth in office  brought her child to the senate floor to send a m…
rt  ignite_national  fun fact   dyk  congresswoman  repjayapal was the first south asian american ever elected to the state legislature and…
reminder to our vets  please join me at my veterans town halls in la crosse & eau claire this friday  learn more he…
all railroads must implement ptc at the soonest date possible  in northern mn  trains carry vital economic and natu…
today  i urged gm to consider the sharework ohio program for employees impacted by the lordstown layoffs  it takes…
rt  senatordurbin  the only person who s gaming the daca program isn t in a caravan  he s in the oval office 
the g o p tax scam was not written for the middle class  in our state  the top 5% of earners get 62% of tax breaks tha…
wishing sikh americans in  ca38  and across the country a happy vaisakhi 
rt  goodmanlaw_  good job  we need air tankers like  globalsupertank in the skies  and  we need more people in congress willing to work w…
the stop enabling sex traffickers act provides a pathway for justice for humantrafficking survivors nationwide  i…
rt  wcbs880  mail not being delivered in parts of westchester county  rep   nitalowey tells  kevrincon 
 repespaillat  repcohen realizará un foro comunitario en el que se pedirá que se haga un proceso de destitución con…
leader  nancypelosi just read a testimonial on the house floor from a proud d r e a mer and former intern in my san di…
they were children  they had futures  now  they re gone  and we ve done nothing  sandy hook honor with action
honored to serve washington s 7th district in the 114th congress  democrats swearing in day
rt  nometrealtors   reprichmond  nickalbares it will tax homeownership more than any other part of the economy  those families  like milita…
  realdonaldtrump competes with nixon for one of the worst 100 days  trump100 days
you see 7 000 pairs of shoes to represent 7 000 children killed due to gun violence since sandy hook  i see 7 000 b…
rt  repvaldemings   dyk   arva marie johnson joined the capitol police force in 1974  becoming the first female officer  the first uniformed…
rt  astro_puppy   juliancastro  hillaryclinton  joaquincastrotx  mayoradler was honored to be at  lloyddoggetttx s us house run kick-off p…
the  fcc is in the process of ending net neutrality for millions of americans  i m supporting legislation that will…
rt  deanobeidallah  tonight  repmarkpocan  d-wisc  and co-chair of the congressional progressive caucus joins me on my  sxmprogress show to…
these are some of the poorest families in america  they can t afford a 200% rent hike  this will only lead to more…
rt  jrosenworcel  as i have said before  there is a troubling pattern at the  fcc  the agency s big media policy decisions all seem custom-…
our fellow americans in puerto rico & us virgin islands need help as they recover  we must deploy every resource to provide relief
this is how authoritarianism begins 
always great to discuss the importance of travel and tourism with  aahoa  thank you for having me 
visiting century electric supply in libertyville during small business week  century is a family-owned supplier of l…
pregnant women deserve honest & accurate medical advice  but unscrupulous clinics manipulate vulnerable women  i m…
rt  caea_artedu  be sure to contact your local congressman  2018 congressional art competition for congresswoman nanette diaz barragán now…
heard april is jazz appreciation month  i m celebrating by listening to rocky mount native thelonious monk  starti…
bashar al-assad must be held accountable for his use of chemical weapons against civilians  however these current s…
some great news for  ca33   metrolosangeles riders  all green line stations will be re-opening ahead of schedule sta…
the  fcc is working to end net neutrality  today  senate democrats are voting to stop them  i m supporting the hous…
rt  udistfoodbank  thanks  repjayapal for standing in support of snap  handsoff s n a p s n a pworks s n a pmatters
the release of the three american hostages held captive in north korea is great news  i am glad to hear they are on…
teamed up with my good friend   paulfeeneyma  for the most recent tour34 stop in sharon  thanks to everyone who st…
this  bhm   remember the giants whose shoulders you stood upon to get to this moment  and then  determine what legac…
fifty years later  the sanitation workers  strike continues to inspire us to fight for equality all over america 
announcing his candidacy for president  trump pledged to  save medicare  medicaid and social security without cuts …
a new generation of leaders is making their voices heard loud and clear  never again  and if elected officials won …
trump is choosing intimidation over accuracy  the citizenship question on the 2020 census is a systematic attempt…
great to be with you today 
public health and a sustainable future are at stake while mr  pruitt disregards the epa s promise to the american p…
visiting the new harbor juvenile assessment center  the harbor is a collaborative effort among community partners w…
mahalo nui loa  samaritanspurse and  franklin_graham for your generosity in supplying donations  supplies  equipmen…
in a span of 3 months last year   epascottpruitt was in oklahoma for nearly half of his time  on the job   his trip…
it is always a pleasure to hear how  astrid_nv is keeping up the drumbeat to educate and advocate on the issues fac…
public science helps us see how america s laws & policies impact american families and communities  we need to know…
  bpdalerts officer craig lehner remembered at national police week ceremony and on national law enforcement office…
vt veterans have made great sacrifices in service of our country  it is our obligation to ensure they have high qua…
a great teacher shows up every day and inspires the next generation to dream big  this week  we thank teachers in n…
my innovators to entrepreneurs act of 2018  which helps turn federal research investments into innovative new produ…
now  usfs  and other agencies can finally end the harmful practice of using mitigation funding  to pay for wildfire…
aca enrollment s going strong  be sure to enroll in coverage by december 15  
sanctioning the russian oligarchs who are connected to organize crime and help finance these criminal acts on puti…
nothing says drain the swamp like telling a room full of bankers to give more money to politicians who put the inte…
i m on the house floor on c-span discussing hr 676  medicare for all  stories  questions 
now   housejuddems press conference on  realdonaldtrump threats to special counsel mueller and  thejusticedept 
with  deptofdefense grant   calpoly studies exercise for amputees to avert more injuries and surgeries  inspiring 
child care is a necessity for most families with preschoolers bc households need 2 incomes to get by  let s expand access to child care now 
ready my statement on president trump s announcement on the iran nuclear agreement
the trump administration continues to push their cruel immigration policies  ripping children away from their paren…
good  nydailynews piece explaining why  repyvetteclarke and i sent a letter to  sbagov asking why the agency has ta…
rt  jrchcbuffalony  we are proud to share this incredible west side/jericho road success story  dr  ethan gable  a former pediatric patient…
loebsack and bustos  amendment to establish a center of excellence for advanced and additive manufacturing included in national defense a   
rt  wildlifeaction  with 1/3 of us wildlife in decline  florida species like the snowy plover need advocates  as co-sponsors for the recove…
the g o p tax scam is 🗑
the flint water crisis is not an anomaly—what happened to flint is a warning to all americans  many communities are…
we will never stop fighting for our fellow americans in puerto rico  while we are still waiting on information as t…
talked with  johnwhitekesq about my bipartisan wildfire prevention act that just became law  my upcoming veterans u…
the tax reform measure passed by the house last week fails students  read why—and why i think we need a bipartisan…
today of all days  read this story to see – and feel – why we must stop ripping apart immigrant mothers and their c…
as a senior appropriator  i ve fought in congress to fund  potus s executive actions on gun violence  incl funding for backgroundchecks
spoke with  kron4 s  cheenan4 on the east bay s housing crisis and president trump s dangerous decision to unravel…
rt  repcummings  our children are the living messages we send to a future we will never see  the question is how will we send them into tha…
rt  repcohen  the richest americans get a  33 000 tax break under the gop tax law  the poorest get  40  tax scam bill for the wealthy  incre…
in michigan  we ought to celebrate inclusiveness and diversity  not relics that represent divisiveness and hate  th…
great article on the sesquicentennial of  usnavy  subase_nlon as we continue to celebrate the 150 years since the d…
i posted a new photo to facebook
dr  lourdes gouveia is a great leader and scholar in omaha  i recognized her work during  hhm  and will like to hono…
rt  repesty  you see 7 000 pairs of shoes to represent 7 000 children killed due to gun violence since sandy hook  i see 7 000 birthdays  h…
eliminating barriers to raising funds sends a message to entrepreneurs that it is ok to dream big   halos  accesstocapital team rep takai
a bipartisan group of 20 senators are making progress on a deal to end the trump shutdown  house republicans  witho…
congratulations to  lewisuniversity for out-competing 25 other teams to win the prestigious  energy department cybe…
the gop tax bills short change the middle class  i led local economic experts  advocates and constituents in denoun…
rt  oversightdems  breaking  in wake of trump comments on immigrants   repcummings and  replynch seek subpoenas on white house efforts to…
happy 81st anniversary social security  it is time we expand this necessary lifeline  expand social security
instead of cutting programs that middle-class families rely on  i call on my republican colleagues to work with us…
it s very encouraging to see a 50% growth rate in minority and female franchise ownership  proud to represent many…
spurs coach cries foul on the election of donald trump 
this is the worst version of trumpcare yet  graham cassidy would gut protections for pre-existing conditions & cost more for less coverage 
heartbreaking for this family  congress must show compassion and pass the dream act to prevent these situations 
great seeing ri building trades president michael sabitoni at today s  gdelectricboat announcement that includes th…
save the dates  tomorrow  4/18   hardballchris wednesday 4/19 7pm   bookrevueli with  stevebellone thursday 4/20 7…
rt  reprubengallego  using the national guard to do border security is very expensive  for what it would cost the guard to make just two ar…
thank you to everyone who came out to my sidewalk office hours in lompoc this weekend  it was a pleasure to meet al…
surprise  surprise  looks like the wealth isn t trickling down  while trump and his corporate pals reap in profits …
new orleans mayor-elect  latoyafornola will become the first woman to hold the position when she is sworn in on ma…
me and notorious r b g after debut of eponymous film coming to screens near you in may  great doc about great woman …
had a visit with  universityofri student selena evora for an insightful conversation about student safety on colleg…
great work being done by the foodbank of santa barbara county to not only provide food  but help improve health 
planning a visit to dc  we can help you and your family schedule tours of the  uscapitol   librarycongress & more …
i join in celebrating the  lwv on this 98th anniversary of its founding  their nonpartisan work to register voters …
  epascottpruitt resign  the epa needs a leader who will work to protect our environment and combat climate chage
rt  repdankildee  four years later  flint families are still recovering from the water crisis and having to use filters & bottled water  in…
i am thankful for the quick action by school officials and the la county sheriff s department to prevent what could…
thank you  hudgov and  secretarycastro for new rule protecting trans people from discrimination in homeless shelters  this will save lives 
should i bring the bowtie back  national teacher day thank a teacher
congrats to emily dallaire of  coebrownacademy  this year s winner of the congressional art competition in new hamp…
     37 1 billion for the national institutes of health  nih  for medical research – a  3 billion increase in funding 
last night  i joined  thelastword to discuss the need for republicans to put country over party and pass legislatio…
pres trump wants to increase dod budget by  53 billion—while us army has lost  1b worth of weapons in the mid east 
today i refused to accept house rs  irresponsible & pitiful excuse for a government funding bill  after securing a…
rt  officialcbc  for  bhm   we highlighted african americans who 𝘮𝘢𝘥𝘦 america great  today  for  whm2018   we re highlighting women of color…
we missed taco tuesday at  domotaco but owner  nelson mu  says he used the internet to brand his asian-infused mexi…
rt  whiphoyer  the bill passed by  housegop last night is further proof of their inability to govern  it s time for them to work with democ…
this is great news for san diego s economy  which will see a boost from this shipbuilding and other related industr…
last month i traveled with  repjohnlewis through the heartland of the civil rights movement  we visited dr  king s…
wishing everyone a happy easter  may today bring you all together for a great celebration filled with hope  health …
mahmoud abbas  the p a  president  repeated vile anti-semitic conspiracy theories and denied the 3 000 year connect…
  epascottpruitt s reckless disregard for americans  health and tax dollars proves he is unfit to lead the  epa  to…
like all too much of the administration s actions to date  this commission was created to validate a deliberate fal…
there ve been 18 school shootings & 30 mass shootings so far this year & it s only feb15  enough is enough you can …
proud to work with rep   vernbuchanan to propose bipartisan solutions that will help prevent and treat opioid addic…
rt  sarahdwire  rep  lorettasanchez says she s disappointed gop called recess   are you telling me we can t get together  we can t find a c…
this complicates things  was there a quid pro quo that cohen didn t bill hannity in exchange for favorable coverage…
protect s n a p hands off s n a p
rt  transportdems  the administration calls  atc  privatization  low hanging fruit   democrats couldn t disagree more  dont privatize our skies
today  i voted against the ryan-mcconnell tax bill because it s a bad deal for delaware and the american people  to…
 icymi   the trump administration turns its back on student loan borrowers  shameful 
rt  housejuddems   breaking   conyers expresses concern ab gop efforts to divert attention from ongoing russian threat to our elections
communities of color have been under attack by the trump administration over the past year  black history month is…
photo of the day 
as a proud  calstatela alumna  i always enjoy visiting with president covino and the  csula  delegation  glad to hea…
today  i released the following statement regarding the u s  airstrikes in syria
a mind to work  
reflecting on a great conversation with texas state university presidents — touched on everything from workforce de…
i want to thank  nydiavelazquez for signing on as a cosponsor of the house bill to save net neutrality 
rt  nancypelosi  our fellow americans in puerto rico and the virgin islands need our support  we cannot fail them  pelosi town hall
my best wishes to  flotus for a full and speedy recovery from her surgery today 
it s a great afternoon for the 24th annual greek independence day parade  happy to serve with mayor marty walsh as…
rt  housedemocrats  may is military appreciation month  a time to honor all those who bravely serve our country  we can never thank them eno…
our victims  services unit offers crime victims & families support and information at every stage of the criminal p…
busy morning in  ny03   met w/reps from  nysra to talk immigration/healthcare issues specific to restaurant industry…
rt  peoplefor   we will not allow the bigotry of two men to overcome the rights of millions of people    repjoekennedy farr out courts ma…
the senate s bill to roll back oversight of banks is a colossal mistake  it makes our economy much riskier and thre…
republicans on the committee went even further by issuing a report claiming that russian interference was not aimed…
i was honored to receive an award from the rhode island association of fire chiefs for my work in firesafety  i ve…
rt  lgbteqcaucus    realdonaldtrump s bigoted and disgusting transban flies in the face of science  history  and basic reason  trans troo…
rt  tepsatalk  great convo w/  repbetoorourke  loved talking about ideas that would best serve our students  principals advocate tepsa htt…
peanuts are the official state crop of georgia and our district is the 1 producer of peanuts in the country …
according to the process laid out in our constitution  the president should be working with congress to formulate t…
wishing everyone a happy st patricks day 
many of the vietnam war vets who served during this challenging time in our nation s history never received the tha…
rt  hrc   repbradashford congrats on 100% on  hrc s congressional scorecard for supporting  lgbtq  equality  h r c scorecard
thank you for sharing  bryan  proud to have our director of community engagement annette stand in for me today at t…
we cannot overstate how much damage this decision could have on a free and open internet  we must maintain…
happy  peaceday 
rt  csgv  incredible scene right now on capitol hill  notonemore enough never again throw them out
the president is concerned about lost jobs in china  he doesn t seem as concerned about rebuilding infrastructure…
rt  ngeiling   i can assure you that oil and gas was not a part of my decision matrix   zinke says about the decision to remove 1 million …
on the iran nuclear agreement macron says build on it based on four pillars to get a more comprehensive accord  but…
  realdonaldtrump s actions damage the united states  credibility as a good-faith negotiating partner as we embark…
congratulations to kenneth from niles mckinley high school on being named the winner from oh-13 of the 2018 congres…
our respected  housefloor chaplain was fired today by  speakerryan  lots of news outlets reporting it was because o…
¿cuántos latinos son parte del sector tecnológico  sólo el 7% de los empleados y el 3% de los ejecutivos  necesitam…
the trump administration s decision to end services that help immigrants understand their legal rights in this coun…
want to stay up to date on how i m fighting for  nv03   sign up for my newsletter by following this link&gt &gt …
rt  cityofjax  before it was sweet pete s  it was the seminole club  constructed in 1903  it was jacksonville s oldest social club  7th in…
america is stronger when we have sustainable  inclusive communities and quality affordable housing for all american…
sad to see yet another community shattered by gun violence  when will we say enough & finally see real action 
rt  repmcgovern  this is outrageous   housegop delays vote to prevent govt shutdown so they can join  realdonaldtrump at a political rally …
clips from today s black women s hill day press conference  i m glad to have had the opportunity to give updates on…
how can we improve our country if we don t value our educators & our public schools  to our teachers & students  yo…
met with representatives of  uofcalifornia to discuss innovations in agriculture research and how to best support c…
great to catch up w fl wildlife corridor team  mdimmitt  joeguthrie8  carltonward in fl-9 as they begin…
rt  lindseyusmi   whf_dc - repcleaver  fintech can be a great equalizer  whffinreg
has  epascottpruitt ever passed up an opportunity to abuse his authority  he s facing seven federal investigations…
rt  millenpolitics  how do you mobilize 20 million college students  give them the resources  shoutout to  congressmanraja &  corybooker f…
thank you for helping san joaquin valley students with your scholarship at  fresno_state and for all of your hard w…
today is the first day of national park week   i m celebrating the many historic sites in alabama including the birm…
today  sencortezmasto & i celebrate latinas  read more —&gt &gt &gt  international womens day…
great to see sac state in our nation s capital  it s important that we fight for higher education funding and polic…
celebrating this wonderful woman today  my mom is my rock  and i can t thank her enough for all she has done for me…
yes  scott pruitt should resign  not only because of his many abuses  but also because of what i view to be the big…
as we continue working to update and modernize government it systems  this eo is a helpful step  it s past time to…
icymi  i led the congressional opposition to the proposed nps entry fee increase & i am pleased with their decision…
congrats 2  dangerusswilson  seahawks for big win last night bring on dallas  centurylink_fld
thank you to all who participated in last week s military academy night  click here for more info on how to apply …
excited to have launched a newly revamped online home for iowans  https //t co/zrccejlffe  
rt  joaquincastrotx  i led a letter to texas attorney general  kenpaxtontx urging him to open up an investigation into  camanalytica s dea…
equalpay is not just a women s issue  it impacts our families  businesses  & economy  it is high time for women &…
rt  voxdotcom  betsy devos s 60 minutes interview is surreal to watch  devos   i have not intentionally visited school that are underperf…
rt  housebudgetdems  our nation deserves better than the trump budget s extreme cuts to programs our communities and families rely on 
i think this editorial cartoon captures the trump legal team s strategy  it is no surprise that we saw even more ch…
rt  dberrygannett     benniegthompson joined other members of  officialcbc  who say they won t vote for the spending bill in part because i…
the strengthening social security act will the longevity of social security and increase benefits across the board   ca17   ssworks  ncpssm
thankful to my fellow  lgbteqcaucus members for joining in asking hhs sec  azar to protect all americans from medic…
congresswoman louise slaughter  my beloved friend and colleague  was an american patriot of full measure  a highly…
the tax scam helped save  3 6 billion for the big banks  and surprise  surprise  most of that money is going to sto…
having to decide between paying rent and buying food is simply wrong  our homes our voices cuts hurt
the cfpb protects consumers  students  and small businesses from predatory and abusive financial practices  america…
rt  alexenriquez_cy   repveasey is a true champion of  nationalservice  great meeting with you to discuss  cityyear s impact in schools  so…
rt  nbcchicago  city of chicago honors fallen police commander with miles-long procession
rt  aslavitt  anyone who suffers from mental illness  needs treatment or depends on medicaid should be grateful that  repjoekennedy is the…
rt  paulrieckhoff  more on  iava s new push on burn pits   brian mast  tulsi gabbard team up to help veterans  servicemembers exposed to op…
our sons and daughters deserve better than this   betsydevosed  the california department of justice will continue…
my food and farm act  doubles investments in conservation and reforms these programs to actually focus on the best pr…
after adding  1 8 trillion to the deficit w the g o p tax scam   housegop is now proposing to slash   for student loan…
net neutrality protects small businesses and innovators in our district by ensuring they have a level playing field…
 jen1964 hi   jen1964  if you re a constituent in md-03  call my d c  office at  202  225-4016 or visit 
enjoyed celebrating our country s diversity at the las vegas international carnival parade  always great to see my…
the white helmets are courageous volunteers who work heroically to save syrian civilians from barrel bombs and chem…
great night  union strong
it s infrastructure week  again  and president trump and a republican-led congress have yet to keep their promises…
rt  detourismpr  visit delaware showcases  endless discoveries  w/ a 360 virtual tour during national travel &tourism week  learn more at h…
the trump presidency in one sentence  as secretary devos and house republicans work to shield for-profit schools fr…
charles and betty crasten have worked hard and played by the rules their whole lives--they didn t deserve to be ter…
over 90 000 individual donors in the last election means we don t have to bow to big money donors  but it does mean…
rt  nfb_voice  we appreciate  repvisclosky taking the time to meet with tami jones  susan jones  sam mchenry  and jim quinn today  nfbws17… 
our hearts are with the family of roy hawthorne  sr   a navajo code talker and american hero who served our country…
rt  repteddeutch  last night  our community stood together with the mourning families  now  we must turn our thoughts and prayers into acti…
volcano vista high school s mariza sandoval won second place in the congressional art competition and explore academ…
thanking  cleanairmoms clean air moms n v for their efforts to protect the environment & stop polluting pruitt…
april 11-17 is the inaugural black maternal health week  black women are 3-4 times more likely to die from pregnanc…
worried about submitting your artwork in time for this year s congressional art competition  don t worry—you still…
honored to join the installation ceremony for  presbreaux  the first female president of  bowiestate  i look forwar…
i m shocked  shocked to find out the  nra lied to americans  enough is enough
for months we read how senior  whitehouse & va staff circumvented  secshulkin to enact a pro-privatization agenda …
if your daca status expired on or after september 5  2016  you may submit a  daca  renewal application  apply with u…
i had a terrific conversation with the  unicef club at niles west high school today  thank you for hosting me 
republican silence on the mass deportation plan is deafening  when they say nothing  they say everything 
rt  michellebrane  my mom is always there for me  and as a mother  i would do anything to save my children s life  having my child taken aw…
  realdonaldtrump must not impede the ongoing investigation into russian election interference by firing special co…
otherwise  we will be back in the same untenable shutdown position on february 8th  funding the government in small…
 today  we are living among a new rise of racism and xenophobia that led to chinese exclusion and japanese internme…
i came away from my meeting today with vermont  cadca inspired and hopeful that  together  we can tackle the substa…
survivors of domestic violence aren t the only ones at risk when their abuser has a gun  last year   senblumenthal…
this is not the way to lead the  epa  boot pruitt 🌎
rt  splinter_news  john kelly goes on a wildly racist rant about immigration
it was great visiting with seniors at the east hartford south end senior center with mayor leclerc  we had a great…
furthermore  it is obvious that polluting pruitt is a disgrace to the  epa   he has one job  he s failed it 
republican hypocrisy is staggering  what do they stand for  other than defending a corrupt president  
when i first ran for public office in 1979  i never would have imagined i would be mentioned in the same breath as…
donald trump and donald trump alone created the daca crisis  he could fix it today if he truly wanted to  but he wo…
dr  martin luther king left a mission for true justice unfinished  it s our job to continue his struggle 
this is something we should be open to  especially if during the talks the nuclear and missile  programs  are verif…
like my democratic colleagues  i am still in washington  d c  ready to craft a comprehensive  bipartisan plan for a…
rt  amprog    repjoekennedy is truly reminding the room of the very real consequences of our broken health care system on the public  from…
that said  the administration should have provided congress with a classified briefing to show us how strong his pr…
a glimpse into what too many americans don t get to see -- members of both parties coming together as friends in th…
a new millionaire in our congressional district  congrats to the middle village woman who won the  5 million scratc…
  epascottpruitt is currently under 7 separate investigations  he needs to be held accountable for his failures at the epa  boot pruitt
reminder  the 2018 congressional art competition is underway and our office is still accepting original works from…
gina haspel s role in the illegal and inhumane bush torture program render her unfit to lead the cia  read my lette…
rt  officialcbc  cbc chairman  reprichmond signs our 1 300-page jobs and justice act of 2018 after a press conference on thursday  may 10  2…
today is military spouse appreciation day  a great time to recognize the sacrifices military spouses make in keeping…
in confirmation a hearing wednesday   corybooker called out pompeo for past anti-lgbtq and anti-muslim remarks  pom…
it is unacceptable that new yorkers would have to worry about missing a bill  not receiving a payment  or not havin…
rt  javelinanation  additional information 
loebsack brings the questions of iowans directly to mark zuckerberg
it was great to kick-off pi day with my friend  billnye 
one of the largest student loan companies was just sued for conning students into taking risky loans & now the admi…
election day should be a holiday  my open our democracy act makes it happen
attention wny fire departments  the safer grant application deadline is april 27th  for more information visit 
¡hoy es follow friday  asegúrate de seguir a  demsespanol para estar al tanto de todo lo que está pasando en el con…
we cannot crush american students with insurmountable debt and must fight for their access to higher education  i m…
yesterday  marco rubio admitted that  there s no evidence whatsoever  that the benefits of the g o p tax scam have rea…
congrats on the  epa clean air excellence award   ourairsbc  noaa_cinms  marinesanctuary  vcapcd  edc_action 
the g o p tax scam mortgaged the futures of our seniors  children & families to enrich wealthy corporations & pharmace…
anai was first in her class for the math bee and was a school finalist  she finished 5 overall   proud nana 
my staff and i are proud to join the fight against colorectal cancer  today  we took our strong arm selfie 
this year i submitted two amendments to  fy19ndaa  that require the  deptofdefense to study the effects of antiquate…
great to see chesapeake mayor dr  rick west and odu economics professor dr  vinod agarwal at the 12th annual taste…
had a great discussion about the need to invest in workforce training for the jobs of the future at today s sacrame…
i m a cosponsor of the house version of this senate bill b/c i believe  realdonaldtrump s threat to interfere with…
discussed the critical work of the legal services corporation program this afternoon with members of  njstatebar
the closest thing we have to a dinosaur in  ma3  is the big green one outside of  discoveryacton  but that won t sto…
let s be clear  open access to the internet is essential to our democracy  repealing net neutrality is about taking…
some people have no place in law enforcement — like this off-duty police officer who pulled a gun on a guy he thoug…
we need an internet that allows for the free exchange of ideas  not an internet that can be bought by the highest b…
rt  globalkids  it is time to start educating our youth about climatechange   senmarkey  repmikehonda
congratulations to lyons township senior scott turro  winner of the congressional app challenge for the  il03  distr…
can you believe this guy is back on vacation  while donald plays golf  housedemocrats focus on better jobs  better wages  better future
 wbcbowie great  please call us at 202-225-8699 to schedule time to visit either in dc or largo  btw what is address of your church 
today  the national park service announced the new fee increase for 17 national parks  including the grand canyon i…
rt  demsespanol    nancypelosi hizo historia como la primera mujer presidenta de la cámara de representantes  este mesdela mujer celebramos…
today i spoke on the house floor to honor a mentor  a fellow selma-native  a voting rights activist  and an america…
recommended for close observers of the administration s foreign policies 
rt  repcleaver  the gop house farm bill guts nearly  20 billion from s n a p--our nation s most important and effective anti-hunger program …
rt  reproybalallard  the president has pushed for a  good  shutdown  there is no such thing as a good government shutdown  he should be ash…
happy hanukkah to all those beginning your celebrations tonight  may you and your families be blessed with love  pe…
i stand today with students  parents and teachers in puerto rico who are fighting to protect public education  pue…
it s time for the gop to do its job 
baseball is back  with what at times can feel like an endless stream of discouraging news  it s important to take s…
rt  housebluedogs  fixing our nation s debt must be a priority for everyone in washington—not an afterthought  over the course of this pres…
 bhm  spotlight  estelle massey osborne was the first black nurse in the u s  to earn a master s degree  in 1945  sh…
pleased to testify this morn before the thud appropriations subcommittee and say the investment to improve and expa…
today marks 19 years since the columbine hs massacre  in roughly the time since  the  nra has spent  203 2 million…
 we ve got some difficult days ahead  but it really doesn t matter w/ me now because i ve been to the mountaintop…i…
having great time at  mainetourism event  learning about creative ways our businesses are attracting visitors to ma…
i posted a new photo to facebook
just sent a letter to  directorcfpb with  fscdems congratulating her on her new position as acting director of…
we must build on the historic summit between north and south korean leaders and work towards denuclearization and f…
rt  mnlizzy  tuning into  mprnews right now to hear  collinpeterson   learning about the farm bill and rep  peterson s critical role in its…
have you ever heard of an elk ranch  well here in molalla  rosse posse acres is home to 70 head of elk  plus an ass…
rt  officialcbc    ncbcp c b c demands justice
i will continue to oppose anti davis-bacon amendments that undermine the ability of workers to earn fair wages 
our thoughts and aloha are with everyone impacted by the storm on kauai and throughout hawaii  we must come toget…
here are the  smithsonian national portrait gallery s portraits of  barackobama and  michelleobama …
icymi  joined  outfrontcnn to discuss the gop intel committee s failure to investigate  realdonaldtrump s ties to r…
equal pay day serves a reminder of the pay gap that still persists in almost all work sectors  women who work full-t…
i was honored to receive the outstanding service award this week from my brothers at fisk university s chapter of alpha delta 
rt  bluevirginia  video  rep   gerryconnolly says  not since the us senate failed to ratify the treaty of versailles and join the league of…
thank you  msoskil  2017 pa teacher of the year  for stopping by the dc office  sorry i couldn t be there  but you …
it s tax day  a day to remember that the majority spent more than  2 trillion on the g o p tax scam  a bill that will…
 2itb_buffalo my thoughts exactly  tearitdown
i ve heard the voices of students and survivors in fl  in nm  and across the country and i agree with them …
the flint water crisis was a man-made disaster  lead exposure can have lifelong impacts on neurological & behaviora…
rt  oversightdems    epascottpruitt  you testified you will give congress  any and all information  to answer our questions  here s a good…
are you a  fl07  high school student interested in attending a u s  service academy  join me on tues  may 1 in…
on this national walkout day can we adults finally resolve to make our schools safe for students  no one should go t…
neither our veterans nor their families should became victims of our broken immigration system  we can t turn our b…
got the chance to meet with teachers and students from my alma mater - pojoaque valley high school - when they were…
last night at 12 38am  my colleagues on the armed services committee and i approved the 2019 defense authorization…
 5000rolemodels member duwon clark   fisk1866 s dean of global initiatives  says it s an honor for black males in m…
congratulations to diego favela for his appointment to the u s  air force academy   az03  is proud of your accomplis…
i ve joined more than 100 house members protesting  justicedept plans to end two programs that provide vital legal…
striking words from president reagan   rather than talking about putting up a fence  why don t we work out some rec…
the faa must update its aircraft registration system to require beneficial ownership information so we can better i…
rt  vtagencyofag  thanks to  peterwelch for taking time to listen to our farmers  formed by  vtagencyofag  the  vt  milk commission submitte…
the house is scheduled to vote thursday on a balanced budget amendment  this is a dangerous pretext by the republi…
 s---hole  or  s---house  how has it come to this  censure trump root out racism
rt  bpc_bipartisan    repjimmypanetta   snap  is not just an anti-hunger program  it s also an anti-poverty program  it helps beneficiaries…
i believe that includes money laundering trump russia
rt  repthompson  today we bowed our heads in a moment of silence in honor of christine loeber  jen golick  and jennifer gonzales  may their…
if you weren t able to make it last night  you can watch the special on april 9  more information here 
i will be presenting my james weldon johnson birthplace historic landmark bill in just a few minutes
rt  repveasey    repcartwright  gop motto on voting rights is we should under achieve  
joined  thereval to discuss criminal justice reform effort in the house  we must break the back of the prison indust…
1 in 3  lgbtq  students have missed a day of school because they ve felt unsafe  we need to pass  snda  and…
i support palestinian rights  israel s security & diplomacy to achieve a two state solution  anti-semitic comments…
i will never forget watching as the  housegop celebrated passing trumpcare – a vote which caused families across t…
molly pitcher led an amazing life  her infectious energy and love of maine made her unforgettable  mepolitics…
this sets a dangerous precedent for our public safety  people shouldn t be afraid to dial 911 to report potential c…
i had the pleasure of attending the  humanesociety legislative awards last night  i am proud to work alongside you …
he  estimated that it s about  45 billion dollars to replace the lead service lines across the country  and  believ…
 saying that cyberexploitation is  just the internet  swipes its immorality out of sight  simultaneously reducing t…
rt  bakari_sellers   willison98momma  donlemon  staceyplaskett
  realdonaldtrump i stand with dreamers in defense of their parents who brought them here  dreamers should not be r…
⚪️ raided the treasury to pay for vacation & private business promotion 8/
  realdonaldtrump promised to make healthcare more affordable  ending cost-sharing reduction payments will have an…
the richest americans get a  33 000 tax break under the g o p tax scam  the poorest get  40  forty dollars  forty do…
 libcelebs i did not say that  and every single one of your sentences is provably false  but thanks for playing 
yesterday i met with local veterans and community leaders to talk about what government and service orgs can do to…
rt  randpaul  promising war by tweet  insults not only the constitution but every soldier who puts their life on the line 
republican house intel committee s final report selectively ignores evidence of interference and trump russia conta…
it s tax day2018  let s recap how the g o p tax scam will impact residents of nevada   nv04 
it is with a heavy heart that we mourn the passing of rep   louiseslaughter  the 1st woman to represent western ny…
we owe a tremendous debt of gratitude to the courageous men & women in uniform who defend our freedoms every day &…
rt  jacksonleetx18  stand with me   housedemocrats  congressmanraja and let s spread the word and vote  it s time for a better deal
the only way to address iran s other harmful behavior was to stay in the iran deal  you just set us back 
temporary protected status was granted to many who escaped unspeakable hardship in their home countries  the trump…
 kimosameh stay strong and know you ll have all memphis  support
this international womens day  let us take a moment to recognize the contributions women have made and continue to m…
when she s not busy at school  izabella  fourth district s  youth volunteer of the year  spends her free time volun…
every dollar invested into  snap  helps families to combat hunger and generates  1 79 of economic activity  the gop…
the facts continue to pile up against the shameful g o p tax scam  showing it s not doing enough to help small busines…
i couldn t agree more with mr  shulkin  the  deptvetaffairs was established in 1930 to take care of veterans  not b…
born in el paso  texas  sandra day o connor faced gender discrimination and limited opportunities for female lawyer…
sabotaging healthcare for millions of american families and children is not my idea of making america great  we s…
gladys grauer is  making black history every day  through her activism and art  she s truly one of a kind—a newark…
thank you to the 500  constituents who came to my town hall last week for a great discussion  special thanks to…
it s 2018 and too many lgbt students still live in silence  afraid to be one of the 8 in 10 who are harassed b/c of…
we can build and modernize infrastructure while also keeping environment and public health protections in place  w…
rt  hispaniccaucus  trump s anti-immigrant policies are hurting small businesses across the country that can t find americans willing to do…
rt  bobbyscott  from the brothers of alpha phi alpha on capitol hill  happy founders day  apa1906network  aphi a 1906
rt  housedemocrats    repbrochester welcomed her fellow delawarean  joebiden to the 2018 democratic caucus issues conference  united for  a… 
team peters joined  rtfhsd for a discussion on exploring new homeless management information system vendors to impr…
great meeting between the house cancer survivors and lung cancer caucuses with national cancer institute director n…
thanks for the letter  marthachapman62  congress should pass the bipartisan thompson-king bill to strengthen americ…
the words of dr  king still ring true 50 years after his death  and set an example for us to emulate  each day we m…
one member leading the search for father conroy s replacement even said the next chaplain should be someone who has…
we march for those lost to gun violence  we march in solidarity with survivors across the country  we march for tho…
spoke about the importance & uniqueness of our nation s separation of powers & my service in the legislative branch…
labor unions are more critical to america s success than ever  americans know that freedom is not given  it is foug…
wishing my lovely wife janine a happy valentine s day  love you 
rt  officialcbc  the cbc is voting no on the  cr  because it does nothing to address c h cs  d r e a mers & disaster relief 
 hr4712  is the latest bill in  housegop s never-ending attack on women s reprorights  with the litany of legislati…
morgan stanley predicted that just 13 percent of the g o ptaxscam benefits will trickle down to workers while…
today  i presented a congressional record to  jolley1364  my district director for the past 13 years  as he moves o…
visited  vistamarschool today to have a thoughtful discussion on how to address gun violence and stop school shooti…
 icymi  - i wrote an op ed on my opposition to a citizenship question in the 2020 census via  nydailynews
breaking  senate  health care  bill just as bad for wisconsinites as house bill   uscbo finds that 22 million americans would lose coverage 
in richmond we celebrated the  edfundwest s 35 years of providing resources and support to aid students  we also ac…
rt  oversightdems  just in   repcummings and  repjerrynadler request documents on gag orders white house staff reportedly ordered to sign …
insurance premiums are expected to skyrocket & 13m more americans will be uninsured bc of gop policies that undermi…
happy earth day 
strong car emission standards helps improve air quality through reduced pollution and more efficient cars  this mov…
rt  alexckaufman   reppaultonko  repgregwalden  frankpallone  congressmanruiz  repmckinley  reppeteolson  repdianadegette  repbilljohnson  …
rt  nasaames  what s it like living aboard the  space_station  students from monta loma elementary in nearby mountain view  ca  spoke with…
rt  jackpayneifas  opinion from  darrensoto on the  hlb  challenge   we can solve this crisis with scientific research  grower ingenuity an…
i will continue working to ensure real investments are made in rebuilding and modernizing our local & national infr…
not one more parent should have to lose a child to gun violence  thank you to  riromtz for continuing to speak out 
so   realdonaldtrump  you want our military to build your wall  why don t you first visit them in a war zone  you h…
rt  ny_indivisible   repjayapal  susheelajayapal way to go jayapals 
february 5  2018 – oxon hill high school  oxon hill  maryland photo   wtop 17/19
this flu season is dangerous – it s not too late to get your flu shot if you haven t already  as a doctor  i know t…
thanks to so many wonderful partners in our community  thousands of kids in sb county will not go hungry this summer
sunday  prc landed a mil aircraft in the south china sea   deptofdefense should consider this re  2016 rimpac 
today is the last day for  il05  highschool students to submit their artwork to the congressional art competition …
in congress  i will continue to fight for incentives for individuals to save for the future and to protect social s…
as we observe national minority health month  let s resolve to address the terrible fact that our minority communit…
rt  pcgtw    repmikehonda says no t p p in lame-duck   isds  gives corporations a weapon to enforce their agendas on nations 
rt  congressmanraja  today  my elder son s school is participating in national walkout day in recognition of the lives lost at parkland and…
wisconsin small businesses  schools and families depend on a free and open internet  senate democrats are moving on…
rt  timabc11  on the 50th anniversary of dr martin luther king s assassination   repbobbyrush member of  officialcbc shares this message be…
communities across the san gabriel valley & nationwide rely on tiger grants to improve pedestrian and cyclist safet…
problems like this arise when the majority decides to rush a bill through through congress and not go through regul…
we stand with the people of nyc following today s horrific terror attack  my thoughts & prayers are w  families  victims  & first responders
so no  to the g o p tax scam
honored to be named as one of the most influential freshmen in the 115th congress by quorum  i m working every day…
rt  sierraclub      when [ epascottpruitt s] not flying luxuriously around the world  he s single-handedly imperiling the earth by dismantl…
net neutrality is critical to ensuring that everyone has open access to the internet  we must defend it  save net neutrality
just met with brave el dorado high school students who marched on washington for their lives and promised to march…
another nor easter headed for long island tonight  winter storm warning in effect for nassau county and northwester…
proud to be one of 64 house democrats to call for the overdue resignation of polluting pruitt  from his unethical b…
on this 25th anniversary  we ought to expand fmla to offer every hardworking american family some form of paid medical leave   fmla25   2/2 
this proposal from the alt-right depths of the wh shows that  potus is not serious about protecting dreamers 
the american people have lost faith in the  epa as a result of polluting pruitt and enough is enough which is why i…
these local businesses shouldn t be punished because  realdonaldtrump wants to play golf & socialize at mar-a-lago …
 401kathleen  unlv  wgrdc always great to see a former student  thank you for stopping by 
refreshing would be members of congress who judge americans based on the content of their character  not their acce…
a militaryparade wastes badly needed money and sends all the wrong signals  joining  repveasey to put a stop to tr…
rt  emmaboorboor    repmaloney at the  nationalnow enough is enough summit has a list of solutions we can implement today to curb harassmen…
ohio became the latest state to embrace gun violence prevention orders last week  i m grateful for the continued bi…
the deadline for the congressional art competition 2018 is approaching  you or a student you know can submit artwor…
congress has a duty to protect our democracy from foreign interference – but as the voting season starts today …
celebrating 30th anniversary of  facetscares  presented executive director joe fay with congressional record statem…
rt  tsegerblom  thank you  repkihuen
i will always put arizona before party to get things done for everyday families  and i have the record to back it u…
rt  rephankjohnson  the g o p tax scam  trump budget  and the so-called p r o s p e r act all have one thing in common  putting corporate profits ov…
we need action to reduce gun violence  proud to cosponsor  davidcicilline s bill to ban the sale of dangerous bump…
diversity and inclusion must be a priority in all of our schools  with only 39 percent of native students completin…
pleased to announce that several priorities important to bay area families that i sponsored were included in the sp…
an accurate 2020census is critical for the wellbeing for our nation  from nonprofits to businesses  many rely on t…
  housegop and  realdonaldtrump can spin their tax bill all they want  but the truth is that it overwhelmingly bene…
when we invest in affordable housing  communities can build a stronger foundation to help reduce poverty and creat…
deadline march 9  don t miss your chance to submit your public comment about the administration s offshore oil dril…
encouraged by the accomplishments that the access college foundation highlighted during its suffolk reception this…
as we saw yesterday  technology is critical for any government agency to do its job effectively  and while i m plea…
if you are concerned about a loved one who may be sheltering in place at the yountville veterans home  you can call…
rep  cicilline statement on president s attack on special counsel

i am so honored to be endorsed by  emilyslist again this cycle  fighting for women has been a top priority for me s…
america has always been a beacon of hope for countless generations of immigrants dreaming of a brighter future  p…
happy birthday to the best mascot in sports  the phillie phanatic  phillies
this house farm bill was not negotiated in good faith and does not reflect the bi-partisanship and collaboration th…
 ourmiddleclass analysis of my votes rated my record  excellent  for the middle class 
rt  therealnmma  we thank rep  joyce  rep  beatty  rep  macarthur and rep  frankel for recognizing the economic impact of boating across th…
rt  greenforall  thank you  repmceachin   repjayapal &  repbarragan for your leadership in fighting for environmental justice and calling o…
democrats have been working for months to keep government open & we ll keep fighting to make it a reality
rt  usatodaydc  democrats propose a moratorium on new immigration prisons  alangomez
this is national police week  recently  we ve had several reminders of the dangers our heroic police officers face e…
rt  housejuddems  soon  rm  repjerrynadler will speak at a  georgetownlaw forum on congressional oversight of the  doj  and  fbi  in the tru…
we re still trying to solve the problem  realdonaldtrump created when he ended daca six months ago  but we can t do…
nunes memo tries to prove that the fbi  under james comey  made a small mistake regarding an advisor trump had alre…
today  i authored a letter to u s  trade representative robert e  lighthizer urging him to take action to address c…
rt  thehill  gop senator admits vote on tax law could be  one of the worst votes i ve made 
join in participating in prescription drug take back day  proper disposal of unused prescription drugs can save liv…
vaccines work to save lives  more than 400 million children are vaccinated each year to end polio  and we are close…
great walk today with protectors of tule springs and park rangers  tulespringsnps  we saw the site of the 1962  big…
rt  lynwoodparks  amazing day at the celebration of lynwood women event  thank you   repbarragan  cheflala  tccscstreetteam  lasdhq  …
  uscis is continuing to accept daca renewal requests for those already enrolled in the program – more information…
the ache for home lives in all of us  the safe place where we can go as we are and not be questioned- wise words fr…
on international womens day & throughout womens history month we celebrate the remarkable achievements of women world…
5/ question  who did  realdonaldtrump hire at the mine safety commission  answer  an attorney who has fought agains…
rt  serge4ibmayor  climate leadership in san diego panel at the  usdnonprofit with  repscottpeters  asmtoddgloria  sandag  corischumacher  …
spoke w/ mineola hs students today at at&t s  itcanwait event & announced my new bill to help prevent…
i recently joined  radioboston to talk about national security and the year ahead in congress  listen or read here …
backpage com ceo carl ferrer has pled guilty today to conspiracy & money laundering in sacramento superior court …
 icymi   san diego was just picked as a test site for autonomous drone delivery  thanks to advances by…
rather than dismantling impact aid  congress should work to fully implement essa   monitor the educational achievem…
last night i joined law enforcement officers  families  and friends for the national police week2018 30th annual can…
spoke today about the taxscam that the gop is rushing through faster than president trump can retweet british raci…
  realdonaldtrump s statement calling haiti   african countries  shitholes  or  shithouses   according to some so…
rt  housejuddems  read ranking member  repjerrynadler s opening statement at the markup the music modernization act 
relieved to hear my fellow colleagues are safe and ok 
 housegop is blocking the public from entering the house gallery to keep them from seeing this protest  disgraceful  no bill no break
rt  sictransit34    repjohndelaney you met with my son in feb 2016 to discuss national infrastructure to meet a requirement for citizenship…
the us received a d  on infrastructure  according to the  awbolympia  wa needs over  190b in infrastructure invest…
  portagearearta will receive a  2 6 million grant from  fta_dot to fund the construction of an indoor storage faci…
we ve made strides in combating campus sexual assault  but a recent report by  natcoundis found that the needs of st…
i am excited to have my friend  john fritz  from monroe county join me for the state of the union tonight  john is…
us has stepped aside & allowed allies & adversaries alike to fill our shoes as both an economic & moral leader …
we need to assure the strength of our democracy and take the necessary steps to protect our elections from outside meddling   2/3 
dreamers enrich our society  boost our economy  thrive academically  and defend our nation to protect our freedoms   1/2 
rt  repcohen  trump knows their is evidence of criminal behavior in cohen papers and will do all in his power to keep that from eyes of an…
rt  amymcgrathky  excited to launch our third tv ad and grateful that capt  dennis santare  ret   came to ky to tell the story of battle of…
so now in addition to a better daca deal  a better nafta deal  and a better north korea deal  i ll be waiting for t…
rt  nancypelosi  lowlights from the g o p tax scam  pro-middle class personal exemptions 💥repealed💥 student loan interest deduction 💥elimina…
unacceptable that the president s budget nearly eliminates funding for the great lakes restoration initiative  whic…
rt  cnnpolitics  rep  eliot engel on the sentencing of dutch lawyer alex van der zwaan   it shows that the special counsel is moving forwar…
deadline extended  submissions for my office s congressional art competition are now due by 5 p m  on thursday  apr…
republicans delayed today s vote to prevent a government shutdown in order to attend a political rally with the pre…
it s important for us to all do our part to defend our values  we are still stronger together 
in the end  trump will bow to wall street and take only tiny symbolic action  wall street will then help trump by c…
i look forward to joining  kcranews tonight at 6 30 pm pt to discuss some of the wins for  travis60amw and the loca…
as ranking member of  appropsdems  i m proud to have played a role in securing this funding & am committed to ensur…
rt  networklobby  this morning   sr_simone is joining  revdrbarber  jonahpesner  repmceachin and  revjenbutler to say  snap  cuts are sinful…
rt  nancypelosi  thankful to  benniegthompson &  repbrady for their leadership of the election security task force  today they release the…
i m honored to represent silicon valley in congress  and to bring home more than  1 3 billion to  ca17  
stopped by mid island collision this morning to honor bob jesberger who donated over four thousand coats today to f…
the worst trump scandals are hiding in plain sight  like how he promised you the g o p tax scam would help average pe…
i am calling for an immediate dot investigation of ptc status in wake of today s cxs crash  hearing that ptc was installed but not active 
north korea s belligerent pursuit of nuclear capabilities violates un resolutions  isolates its people  & creates hostility & uncertainty 
happy indian independence day  i am proud to represent  ca17   a district with the largest population of indian americans in congress 
friday  come learn important steps to protect yourself from scams and financial fraud at our senior safe act  ident…
what the president calls a  warrior   i d call a political operative working on behalf of the white house—at the ex…
two words  mr  president  first  amendment 
k-12 students  here s your chance to show off your stem skills - submit your app for the  congressionalac by novemb…
every 40 seconds  another american suffers from a stroke  but here s what you should know - strokes are treatable a…
mary and i are heartbroken by the sudden passing of our dear friend congresswoman louise slaughter  the daughter of…
rt  repcardenas  bashar al-assad s use of chemical weapons against his own people is reprehensible  congress needs to engage  we can t leav…
happening today from 4-7pm  the live n f volunteer fair  see you there 
covered ca enrollment for 2018 opens today  californians must sign up by dec 15 for full-year coverage getcovered
a warm welcome to the  jamesmuseum celebrating its grand opening in st  pete  a great addition to our thriving pine…
we got a great start collecting signatures to qualify for the ballot  if you d like to help  email committee mikecapuano com 
rt  housesbcdems  sba s nationwide network of women s business centers can help women entrepreneurs across the country start and grow their…
rt  thehill  wall street survey  just 13 percent of gop corporate tax cut revenue will go to workers
for this week s magic monday  i m joined by my good friend and colleague  repdinatitus from las vegas  nevada  not…
rt  kpolanowicz  ready for a great discussion with  repmcgovern &  repgutierrez  6pm tonight  ymcaofcm  be there  
happy national deep dish pizza day  what s your favorite pizza place in chicagoland 
proud that the future uss indiana will carry forward both our brave sailors and the name of our great state …
what would happen if your household remained without power for 7 months  at no fault of your own    puerto rico…
if we don t fix the problem of partisanship plaguing washington  who will  statement on the gop 2018 farm bill …
going on  mitchellreports at 12 45pm to discuss the life and legacy of dr  martin luther king jr  on the 50th anniv…
rt  housebluedogs  this week   uscbo estimated that we will see  1 trillion deficits return in 2 years  we haven t seen deficits like this…
rt  repjohnlewis  50 years ago today  i learned the painful news that my friend  my mentor  dr  martin luther king  jr  had been assassinat…
as republicans celebrate giving massive tax cuts to corporations & the rich  9 million children are at risk of losi…
rt  nowthisnews  republicans are using an obscure tactic to stifle debate and democracy in congress
on wednesday i helped honor juan francisco  pancho  ochoa of palenque group who was named a paul harris fellow by t…
what s your small business start up story  i just shared mine on instagram to celebrate small business week …
6 months after maria  puerto rico is still in crisis  tens of thousands of american citizens are still without perman…
  mearthanepc is on the cutting edge of manufacturing technology  keep up the great work 
on this topic  like so many others  president obama was right 
cadet thomas surdyke was a hero and this is a classy move  it s my honor to represent  westpoint_usma in congress a…
exciting news for the broadway fillmore neighborhood as  mandt_bank announces a  1 95m loan and  100k grant investi…
this tax plan is sadly a missed opportunity to boost our economy  grow small businesses  & help middle class famili…
i was thrilled to have the fda commissioner  sgottliebfda here in north jersey to listen to our needs and to fight…
 your priorities are our agenda  liberty and justice for all    nancypelosi jobs and justice we the people  officialcbc
met today w/  tricedu students making their voices heard in washington on the importance of pell grants  student lo…
today  i had the pleasure of speaking to members on the  texasfarmbureau during their annual delegation about trade…
special thanks to my niece courtney  who moved past her own fear of public speaking to be an outstanding host for o…
this year  earth day should be a moment of reckoning for people in the united states and around the world  our envi…
things that make you go hmm      
i am glad to have connected with my  ny09  constituents during tonight s chat with y d c focused on the g o p tax scam & t…
my thoughts on the las vegas shooting 
rt  repjohnlewis  58 years ago today  i was arrested for the first time as a participant in the sit-ins at lunch counters in downtown nashv…
happy mothers day to all the amazing moms  grandmas  aunts  step moms and women who are helping to raise today s an…
congresswoman hanabusa addresses rain and flood damage in hawaii
we must act to help workers who are losing their jobs to outsourcing   potus has made a lot of promises  but people…
rt  brettblumekmox    lacyclaymo1 tweets that prep work for nga west site in n  st  louis is ahead of schedule 
i am at  mlk50memphis and honored to offer reflections tomorrow during the  day of remembrance  on the meaning of d…
from a white supremacist rally in charlottesville to ethnic cleansing in burma  we ve seen the scale & reach of e…
we are to believe that the so-called  master of the deal  is going to renegotiate  iran deal tpp paris climate ag…
guess who stopped by this week  as the ranking member of the space subcommittee  it was a pleasure to have bill nye…
i m cosponsoring the solve act to rescind trump s unconstitutional & immoral muslim ban that makes our country less safe 
i am so pleased to see that these important bills have received support from so many of our veterans service organi…
more concerning news keeps coming out about foxconn 
it s time to stop criminalizing recreational use of marijuana in america  and focus on our real problems  like our…
rt  voices4service   we should continue to make national service more accessible to the millions of americans who want to serve their count…
last night  team castro attended a property tax forum hosted by  menendez4texas   diegobernaltx and  trevino_d1   1…
rt  mdjonline  community leaders honored at cobb naacp s oscar freeman freedom fund banquet cobb county
congrats to  lyondellbasell houston refinery on their centennial celebration  as one of the first refineries along…
rt  housedemocrats  happy mothers day to all the moms out there who do everything they can for their families  you are strong  you are brav…
this amendment is not about budgeting or balance – it s an attack on working families  seniors  vets  and the poor …
the main investigator of the russian attack on election has been fired  now  we need an independent special prosecutor more than ever 
rt  cnnnewsroom  democratic rep  ted lieu  sean hannity hiding his relationship with michael cohen from viewers and fox news is  a breach o…
usually have a positive xperience on  delta  not on this morning s oversold flight to lax 
rt  stephensound   alangrayson all s well  he knows all his animal shapes  i m so relieved 
astoria town hall meeting thursday  march 29  6 00pm–7 00pm astoria high school auditorium 1001 w marine drive  ast…
rt  repspeier  watch my testimony live at the house comm on admin re sexual harassment in congress & my legislation me too congress
hate is wrong and dangerous wherever it comes from  african-americans  jews  and far too many other groups have suf…
approximately 122 d r e a mers lose their  daca  protections every day  congress must pass the d r e a m act to…
team m l g celebrated the open house of  keresconsulting &  nativevetmat s new hq in uptown  abq   together these two…
rt  senatedems  what s on today s thanksgiving menu  thanks to the g o p tax scam  tax hikes for the whole family  happy thanksgiving  i gues…
front page today  stories about alyssa alhadeff s headstone unveiling  fll airport shooting  msd victim fund &  1 o…
mad crowd in stamford for  unload  understanding and progress through art 
abhorrent  it s clear  potus is doubling down on his bigotry to distract from his crumbling presidency  it won t wo…
watch  my remarks questioning how can we fix the equifax data breach problem when execs skip congressional hearing 
rt  jilldlawrence  from  repjoekennedy  mentalhealth crisis isn t about guns  it s about trump and gop trying to gut medicaid  which pay…
in 2016  i accompanied former administrator frank klotz to see firsthand the network of old & rapidly deteriorating…
first  the president and attorney general sessions supported state efforts to disenfranchise minority voters  now…
rt  jonmays  find out what  repspeier has to say about leading the way in revamping harassment reporting in nation s capitol   aschuess rep…
rt  repscottpeters   nolabelsorg  larry_levitt  kaiserfamfound  voxdotcom  postopinions  coveredca  paulsisson  sdut  billgalston  wsj and…
rest in peace to former  ohiostatefb coach earle bruce  his legacy and wins will live on forever  buckeye nation
rt  wired  today is the day to save netneutrality  here s why you should care 
proud to support lgbtq refugees fleeing oppression  we must keep fighting to make our country a safer refuge for   
great meeting with  armywarcollege students regarding the constitutional roles and responsibilities of congress  th…
in celebration of earth day this week  i joined  wlwvdistrict students at crest who are getting their hands dirty a…
rt  nrdems  yep - this is why  as noted here   repraulgrijalva has requested a committee hearing on these apparently politicized and potent…
the  salvationarmy and  salvationarmynj have helped the residents of newark new jersey get through hard times for…
rt  specnewsbuffalo  a long-time dresser-rand employee from wellsville n y joined congressional democrats in d c  today  criticizing the rep…
rt  homelanddems  ranking member  benniegthompson released the following statement in regards to the tragic shooting yesterday at marjory s…
rt  nbcnews  xavier becerra  california s top lawyer  and the state justice dept  have gone to court 28 times against the trump admin   win…
 cxf12
rt  myjewishbooks   simonschuster  newbooktuesday  big guns  a novel by  repsteveisrael a mayor starts a campaign to…
however  other vets have already been deported--even after putting their lives at risk for our nation  the veterans…
headline says it all  americans will pay more because gop weakened obamacare   former hhs sec price admits that cos…
but wouldn t your bone spurs get in the way  realdonaldtrump  
d r e a mers  today is the deadline for renewal  now  we must pass the d r e a m act  protect d r e a mers ➙…
with my can act i am fighting to end the use of government funds for promotional mass mailings   ne02 
i posted a new photo to facebook
rt  afpeacebuilding  we are proud to join 35 members and partners in supporting landmark legislation just introduced by  repeliotengel  jud…
november 1st is almost here  visit to buy/change your health insurance plan & get covered during open enrollment 
sunlight is the best disinfectant  but at every turn   housegop has blocked transparency and limited public informa…
i posted a new photo to facebook
rt  benniegthompson  in 2016  russia launched a massive cyber-attack against the us to undermine faith in our democracy  yet trump & the go…
rt  davidcicilline  proud to be joining  replloyddoggett   repraskin and  reptedlieu in introducing the special counsel transparency act to…
so humbled to be named to  essence s woke100 along with my  cbwg  co-chairs   repbonnie &  repyvetteclarke  and my…
rt  danrather  the voice of a child is often a clarion call to action  in their purity lies passion and courage  they are our future  and w…
rt  rolandfortexas  honored to join  repcuellar in commemorating brandon villejo s appointment to the air force academy at my alma mater   …
it was a great honor to attend the 58th anniversary gala of voice and viewpoint  this gala honored so many friends…
join me today at noon at the slo county courthouse plaza  where i m introducing the corporate political disclosure…
rt  thedemocrats  yesterday  dnc deputy chair  keithellison met with over 60 organizations to discuss how democrats and our allies are work…
rt  guymarzorati  want to catch up on hours of zuckerberg facebook testimony in 30 minutes  listen to  kqednews recap feat   tonyamosle…
the only thing students should be worried about is academic achievement  not getting bullied or discriminated again…
heartbroken by the loss of our friend and colleague louise slaughter  a true trailblazer and a kind  joyful soul  m…
the fmla has meant many workers can take needed time off without having to worry about losing their jobs or health…
in march i said to  chrislhayes that cambridge analytica  the trump campaign s data analytics firm  violated fec ru…
with the deepest gratitude and the greatest respect  today our nation honors the families and spouses of the brave…
i will be holding a town hall in  az07  on saturday  april 14th  location and time details to follow  resist…
i m proud to celebrate spirit day & stand against bullying choose kindness
rt  glennkesslerwp  taxes and growth – a cautionary graph via  brookingsinst
turning the tide on the deadly opioid crisis   and new approaches  today i heard innovative ideas about what we can…
great to run into the other science guy  billnye this week 
thank you for your courage  susanthesquark - not just for saying me too  but for helping lead the fight to protect…
 laoveterans  hmongstory40 for more on the legislation i introduced to honor our hmong and lao american veterans…
rt  alsama  thank you sara outterson from rep  tsongas  office for meeting with us today to discuss legislation to help bring an end to als…
ever wanted to open your own business  behind every successful entrepreneur is a great idea and business plan  help…
americans deserve real health insurance  not junk plans that fail to cover basic rx drugs  hospitalization fees  &…
great meeting today with santa clara county firefighters in my washington dc office  sccfiredept
rt  celiebugpro  we ended our nra membership in honor of the children  we ask that everybody ends their nra membership to show the nra  con…
i joined in the celebration of the vfw luneta post 52nd s 100th anniversary this past weekend  caring for our veter…
join us for my farmers roundtable this saturday at  tccworkforce  house ag committee ranking member rep  collin pe…
the future is hopeful for the chibok girls who ve been released  don t stop fighting for the 112 still being held b…
rt  rvivian370   repdarrensoto puerto rico task force in kissimmee   yourbarriofl  lachicamayra  liana_guerra  roxdelariva  ceciliafigueroa…
more mothers day wishes from the white house 
rt  transportdems    reppeterdefazio &  repgaramendi push back on  uscg s decision to restrict access to the potomac so trump can golf  htt…
rt  sce_davidf  congressman  repcardenas shares the value and important role utilities play in emergency preparedness & disaster recovery d…
no one is above the law  not even the president s son-in-law  it is clear from recent press reports that jared kush…
rt  ajvicens    repgenegreen brings up the gdpr requirements in europe  and asks zuckerberg about specific requirements related to the law …
the american council of engineering companies of new jersey and i spoke about water and energy infrastructure in…
rt  nextgov  new  house appropriations panel should step up cyber oversight  member  call_me_dutch urges 
 potus  your oath is to preserve  protect and defend the constitution  not condemn it 
ignoring the reporting requirement for civilian casualties is a terrible decision  i introduced a bill in 2014 to m…
proud to support a plan that will create millionsof jobs through public investment in rebuilding our roads  bridges…
  epascottpruitt s short tenure as administrator of the epa has been marred by a series of scandals and marked by a…
rt  repjudychu   obamacare has been repealed   i told people specifically to be quiet   i didn t want them to talk about it   - president t…
rt  pattymurray  this fight isn t over  we need just one more senator to reject corporate interests and instead stand with the families  wo…
rt  allaboveall   this is what democracy looks like   - rosadelauro joins the justicefor jane rally to demand that orr director scott lloyd…
  potus  there is no honor in proudly proclaiming you are tearing apart families 
like the g o p tax bill  this is a con  they don t suddenly care about deficits and debt  it s part of the plan  incre…
no 
congress must stop kicking the can down the road and instead make bipartisan and reasonable progress to fund our mi…
rt  nowthisnews  this rep brought the receipts on all of mark zuckerberg s apologies
our trip continued in israel today  including meetings with president rivlin and prime minister netanyahu
eight years ago  president obama signed into law the affordable care act  since then  more than 20 million american…
rt  officialcbc  today is the day  tweet us using the hashtag c b c demands justice to ask a question or comment  members will start answering…
in california  d r e a mers pay  534 million in state taxes &  12 billion to our economy  that s why i sent a letter…
republicans  so-called  tax reform  is nothing more than a g o p tax scam that will leave everyday americans paying mo…
rt  officialcbc  join us on tuesday  may 8  2018 from 9 am - 5 pm est for c b c demands justice – a twitter town hall on community policing an…
disposing of old or expired prescription drugs can help prevent misuse & save lives  in honor of dea s 14th annual…
mothers and babies are healthier when women make intentional decisions about pregnancy  i m proud to sponsor the eq…
even white house officials are admitting that scott pruitt s ethical failings are deeply concerning  sustained pres…
republicans are pitching  phase two  of their g o p tax scam  great news for corporate special interests  but working…
our healthcare system isn t working for everyone and requires a serious  bipartisan fix   ne02 
we need to develop solutions that gives american workers the tools to succeed in a highly competitive world  especi…
calling all veterans  our veterans service organization expo is may 26th – bringing together pinellas organization…
 aynrandpaulryan  pattymurray  senatorcantwell i am inspired by  davidhogg111 & the other…
i am deeply disappointed by this  father pat is a wonderful person who i m happy to call a friend  he should have n…
i spoke with secretary mattis & gen  dunford during our house armed services committee hearing today about the thre…
rt  american_heart  about 1 in 4 stroke survivors suffers another one  work with your doctor to reduce your risk  stroke month
while certainly you can t go wrong naming anything after mlk  i always thought west river drive should ve been name…
    but they need funding to hire more agents  and they need the government to improve access to treatment in order…
n p week did you know hawaii is home to 8 national parks  find your park here 
rt  denisohayer  group of house dems  propose healthcare plan   repdavidscott is one of them  this am s talk w/him on 90 1  wabenews
i am preemptively canceling tomorrow s mobile office due to the expected weather  don t worry though  i m hosting m…
here s the latest from washington  we can t continue to govern crisis to crisis  we need to sit down  negotiate  an…
the common thread seen through the g o p tax scam  the trump budget  & the gop s higher ed proposal  they all sacrific…
many georgians will be positively impacted by work of  governordeal & staff in responding to the disaster in swga
rt  michael_shank  the path to clean energy requires an energy-storage revolution  by  repmikehonda and  michael_sh…
i m celebrating az travel & tourism week by recognizing grand canyon natl park for their part in spurring job creat…
the trump administration  which has shown time and again that it is anti-environment and is filled with climate den…
rt  maddowblog  donald trump s conflicts on china should be the subject of congressional oversight  but trey gowdy 
happy easter  everyone  wishing you all a wonderful day with family and friends 
today we remember sgt  noel ramirez & deputy taylor lindsey of the gilchrest county sheriff s office  killed in the…
rt  replloyddoggett  since 2006  the average cost for a year of medication for someone with a chronic disease has more than doubled to over…
it s simple -- equal work deserves equal pay  it s far past time to close the gender wagegap by passing…
peer support workers are improving our community one life at a time  i m excited to be working across the aisle wit…
icymi  my bills to help prevent gun violence – hr4240  hr4142  and hres367 – were all endorsed by  srcschools  prou…
my statement with information for constituents of  tx34  in need of disaster assistance due to hurricane harvey…
team norcross is proud to join palmyra day  bonus -  carolmurphyld7 stopping by to talk about state & local servi…
i cosponsored the scientific integrity act because i believe that government policy must be guided by evidence  not…
thank you  32bjseiu and  figue32bj for standing strong for workers and my constituents  good paying jobs are critic…
i was proud to help kickoff black history month by speaking last week at the unveiling of this new rosa parks statu…
these students are the very best of middle tennessee  and our future is in their hands  i couldn t be happier about…
these men & women  many who possess strategically valuable language and cultural tools  as well as the desire to se…
two of my amendments to improve mental health services for servicemembers and help increase healthcare opportunitie…
small business week is an opportunity to empower small business owners and provide them with the support they need t…
rep  tulsi gabbard was on kauai from thursday- saturday to assist with recovery efforts after a record-setting sto…
i was honored to meet with uga football coaching legend vince dooley  he now serves on the board for the civil war…
new analysis from  usgao shows that students of color suffer harsher discipline for lesser offenses than their whit…
 uscbo    and it removes some  800 million in conservation funding for agricultural operations  making it harder fo…
in kentucky  the top 5% of earners will receive 61% of the state s g o p tax scam tax breaks  this law was in no way w…
thank you to the  humanesociety for honoring me with your humane legislator of the year award  i am grateful for th…
rt  cqnow  photosofthe year january 29   repdonbeyer   repjohndelaney &  gerryconnolly speak to press & protesters about possible detention…
i agree with  potus - we must protect and expand social security  not cut benefits to those who need it most 
proud to introduce legislation w/  replindasanchez &  repmarkpocan to scrap the cap & to strengthen social security 
por lo tanto  es inconstitucional bajo la cláusula de supremacía de la constitución estadounidense 
 housegop &  senategop may not want you to know  but  housedemocrats &  senatedems do  it s time to get covered at…
rt  repcloakroom  the rep  cartwright  d-pa  amendment no  43 passed - 253 yeas  172 nays
as public health caucus co-chair  i m proud to co-introduce a resolution recognizing april 2-8 as…
america is the richest country in the world  but millions of families still struggle with hunger and health issue…
rt  californiaepa    agbecerra s message for the  epa &  epascottpruitt is simple  fulfill your duty to regulate carbon pollution from the…
when he came to committee last month   epascottpruitt left questions unanswered and tried to pass the buck  now i h…
rt  repdwightevans  the devastating effects can be seen in the major opioid hotspots of kensington  south and west philly  as your member…
it s equal pay day  we have work to do 
fake intelligence committee chairman can take his fake memo and flush it down the toilet  where it belongs 
rt  lhs210_news  lemont hs s formal national blue ribbon school celebration brought out some stars  including congressman dan lipinski and…
yesterday  i asked  nasa acting administrator robert lightfoot how nasa can combat airplane noise over queens  nas…
rt  repcummings  it s time to send a clear message on the 2020 census that everyone counts  an undercount will hurt people in red states to…
proud of the endorsement of  sutterbrown  first dog of  ca   barkthevote  ca26 
rt  housesbcdems  2017 was the one of the most devastating years for natural disasters in history  fortunately   sbagov s disaster assistan…
corporal william o malley attended  buffalo_schools  where he is remembered as one of many south park hs warriors w…
i voted for the budget agreement - a reasonable compromise that keeps the government open & provides funding for im…
 potus being with the usvi in the wake of these devastating storms is to acknowledge climate change as a threat and take meaningful action 
trump pardons  scooter  libby in cia leak case  libby leak
thank you to the  washtimes for inviting me to participate in your infrastructure special section  families deserv…
i m getting ready to testify before  housevetaffairs  vetaffairsdems to discuss n v04 s veteran community  watch li…
those ads specifically targeted african-american groups particularly  black lives matter in which ads suggested they were a rising threat 
it s time to stop criminals from ripping off american taxpayers  i m pleased the house passed my and…
always good to see dave bowles from  nasa_langley
got the chance to ride along with a  ups driver  chris  this morning  always appreciate the chance to see the hard…
rt  rulesdemocrats  americans can all agree the gender pay gap must be addressed  but when  repmcgovern called for vote on  rosadelauro eq…
excited for the winter olympics2018 to get underway  go  teamusa and our talented florida delegation – we may not…
 selmekki  thephillyvoice
rt  housenewdems  happy birthday to new dem  repsusandavis 
i ll be on  cnntonight shortly  i have a feeling we ll be talking about this 
when women make history  america moves forward  congratulations  repmarcykaptur on becoming the longest-serving wom…
watch  i m delivering this week s dem address with a message to the millions of americans relying on the  aca   demo…
rt  repcurbelo    repcurbelo is a proud co-sponsor of  repstephmurphy s legislation to allow the  cdcgov to conduct research on gun violenc…
rt  vermontcreamery  thanks for coming to see our team today  peterwelch  we appreciate all that you do for vermont  ❤️🧀cheesebutterlove…
rt  repjohnyarmuth  we must defeat the morally bankrupt g o p budget that puts billionaires first at the expense of hardworking families  htt…
thread  thank you  govmurphy for taking strides to right the wrongs of the backwards g o p tax scam  nj families don t…
the gap is even larger for african american  native  and latina women 
this memorial day weekend  rep  cicilline is hosting a community conversation and bbq for veterans & their families…
pres  macron offers eloquent defense of freedom and liberty in french-accented english at joint session of congress…
the annual congressional art competition for high school students is now open for submissions  the winners will hav…
rt  repkarenbass  incredible  republicans have shut the government down for the second time in less than one month despite being in charge…
can you join us to circulate petitions this weekend  we ve got multiple times and locations each day  and if   
result of unjust  inhumane immigration enforcement policy that s shown no mercy  not even for a sick disabled child…
instead of working w dems to support america s farmers & address food insecurity   housegop is moving fwd with a pa…
lifting the outdated ban on transgender servicemembers takes us 1 step closer to ending discrimination in world s most powerful armed forces
more economic sanctions against the key oligarchs can help curtail this effort to attack our democracy  squeezing…
and here s the kicker  the g o p tax scam is not only a massive giveaway to wealthy and well-connected republican dono…
my democratic colleagues & i won t let  potus destroy president obama s environmental protections without a fight …
rt  lynnsweet  at house facebook hearing  rep  bobby rush d-ill  tells zuckerberg  with  that much influence  comes with enormous social…
73 years ago we joined the world in liberating europe from tyranny  today we stand in awe of their courage  d day
now is the time to pass a bill to reopen the government and address both chip and daca  the votes are there for the…
we re going to miss his leadership  and his friendship  in legislative hall  representative johnson is now among a…
my statement with  repjoseserrano regarding today s oversight board vote 
wishing all educators in the second district and across the country a happy teacher appreciation day  keep up the great work 
soon i will be joined on the house floor by  repbarbaralee and  rosadelauro to discuss inequality in america  which…
 chakafattah
i also said to press that the house gop is deeply divided on their partisan farm bill  instead of working on a bipa…
here s my statement in response to the government accountability office s finding that epa administrator scott prui…
as small business week comes to a close  be sure to register for my annual d c small biz fair coming june 7  9 30am-3pm…
new on langevin hits the rhode  i attended the 2018 duck stamp award ceremony  ewghigh and was impressed by the stude…
time to act – the house just held the 43rd moment of silence for gun violence victims since the tragedy at sandy ho…
last night i spoke on the house floor against pulling out of the iran deal  we need to focus on stronger sanctions…
today  republicans pushed forward a piece of legislation that would fundamentally weaken efforts to reform our crim…
rt  thehill  maxine waters to boycott trump s state of the union   he does not deserve my attention 
this decision by pres  trump opens the door for iran to move towards the development of a nuclear weapon and weaken…
since the columbine massacre in 1999  more than 150 000 primary or secondary school students have experienced a sho…
world autism awareness day reminds us to embrace differences and celebrate those in our community with asd 
rt  lgbteqcaucus  today is dayof silence  where students around the world stay silent for a day reflecting the bullying  harassment and dis…
  potus new refugee order is a ban by a different name  slowly closing america s door to vulnerable individuals fle…
another example of how  realdonaldtrump is profiting off the presidency 
strong  local journalism helps ensure we are informed about our community  our state & the world around us  i suppo…
i commend the release of three americans unjustifiably imprisoned by north korea  now  the difficult part will be r…
a council composed largely of trophy hunters of some of the most iconic creatures on the planet & those who would f…
in armed services committee hearing and just asked sec def mattis if he believes that transgender servicemembers…
happy easter 
we are not going back to the days of women in the kitchen only  black folks in back of the bus  gay people in the c…
today  senate democrats vote to save the internet  i m cosponsoring our similar net neutrality bill here in the hous…
congress has yet to see a concrete strategy from  realdonaldtrump as to how he intends to avoid giving mr  kim a pr…
thank you   tulsigabbard for cosponsoring our d c statehood bill for equal citizenship for dc residents  making for…
congratulations to everyone who worked to make today s 18th annual chinese new year parade & festival in…
yesterday i hosted the biotech&life sciences roundtable  panel incl  cshl  brookhavenlab  stonybrooku  hofstrau…
8 years ago the deepwater disaster poured 5 million barrels of oil into the gulf of mexico  killing 11 people & des…
we must consider the full effects of  potus  s tariffs before he rashly implements them 
as usual   joebiden nails it 
climate disruption is one of the greatest challenges of our time  this crisis demands action  oregon solar professi…
excited to kick off the march for our lives in downtown raleigh this morning  enough is enough  it s time for common…
congratulations  uofa class of 2018  bear down
president trump has shown a willingness to undermine the mueller investigation  that s why i ve co-sponsored legisl…
a shooting in a waffle house  a shooting in a coffee house in big guns  fact blends with fiction 
i spoke on the house floor against an amendment that aimed to allow additional non-stop flights to dca for the conv…
86 million middle-class households will see a tax increase because of the g o p tax bill
fattah moment in congress    10k college tax credit
let me be very clear so my  housegop neighbors understand  this  bill  is  bad  for  california  g o ptaxscam
to all the students in the first district today who walked out  i see you  i support you  and i will continue to fi…
happymothersday to my wonderful mother lilly and wife karmen 
the g o p tax scam was not written for middle-class workers  in indiana  the top 5% of earners get 59% of tax breaks…
bill gates to trump   hey  maybe we should have a science adviser   well into his second year trump hasn t even no…
rt  hfacdemocrats  rm  repeliotengel denounces russian election and putin s attack on democracy 
as president trump & world events cause greater uncertainty  we need to show our allies we remain a committed partn…
rt  congressionalac  congrats again to the  congressionalac winner from north carolina 🎉📱these young tech innovators are changing our 🌎 one…
the way trump speaks about immigrants  it s almost like he doesn t know that they commit fewer crimes than native b…
our district s labor community is vital to achieving the goal of giving everyone a shot at success and ensuring eve…
this week  my staff met with climbers from  accessfund who are standing up to protect our national monuments  did y…
on this 19th anniversary of the tragic columbine high school shooting  we must do more than simply remember  we must…
rt  standuprepublic   this is not a partisan issue  the power of the u s  congress in the future to undertake investigations will be foreve…
glad to see the house pass the small business innovation research  sbir  & small business technology transfer impro…
thanks for coming by 
today  april 15  1947  jackie robinson became the 1st african american to play  mlb baseball  pioneer  great talent…
despite eight years of  housegop attempts to kill it and continued trump sabotage  the aca provides health care and…
my job as a marine was hard  but it was made easier by the iraqi translators that served our country and risked the…
in 2017  my job for a day tour took me around the inland empire to perform the jobs that working people in our comm…
happy mothers day  and a very special mother s day to my incredible mom  sonja  look at this flashback with four ge…
the american people have lost faith in the epa  i am supporting a resolution that calls for  epascottpruitt s immed…
the federal minimum wage has stagnated for the last 10 years  and it is long overdue for congress to do the right t…
…consumer protections that allow everyone to have control of the content they see online and small business to thri…
this morning  i joined my colleagues  repteddeutch and  repdwstweets at the american heritage school to discuss the…
rt  caucusonclimate  11 lost lives  5 million barrels of spilled oil  catastrophic loss of wildlife and habitat  that was the result deepw…
  hhigginbottom thx for hosting beautiful event at  statedept celebrating success of rangel fellows around the world making us proud 
today  millions of americans across the country are lending their voices to say enough  enough to the gun violence…
my bipartisan bill continues the important work of encouraging more people – and especially women – to consider car…
it was great to attend the 30th annual ymca women of distinction awards ceremony
we can t save every life lost to gun violence in america  but we know we can save some  the question is whether we care enough to try 
i joined my colleagues   janschakowsky   repdavideprice   replloyddoggett   repblumenauer   repbarbaralee …
likely quote of the day   you spent  130 000 on whaaaaattt   - melania trump 
during national small business week  we recognize more than 30 million small businesses contributing to economy  inc…
devastating   fatal overdoses in phila  surged to 900 in 2016 via  phillyhealthsci
rt  fccps  george mason high school ranks 2 in virginia behind only thomas jefferson high in  usnewseducation 2018 best high schools ranki…
rt  officialcbc  today is the day  tweet us using the hashtag c b c demands justice to ask a question or comment  members will start answering…
where do these tech companies see themselves going in the next generation  let s talk about how we can partner toge…
any act fueled by islamophobia and xenophobia cannot be tolerated  encouraging violence against the muslim communit…
because prices are tied to family income  more than 1 in 2 people in nh can find a plan for…
my provisions would audit a shady contractor that delayed aid for hurricane victims and make sure our kids are safe…
how is the  gop planning to fund their tax cuts for the wealthy  apparently by cutting kid s health insurance and o…
rt  benniegthompson  in 2016  russia launched a massive cyber-attack against the us to undermine faith in our democracy  yet trump & the go…
rt  replawrence  proud to co-sponsor  repcartwright s c l e a n e r act today  read more --&gt 
all workers deserve to receive equal pay for equal work  it s time for equal pay 
no riders  not on elections  guns  environmental laws  consumer protection  etc  we demand a clean budget & cr …
rt  marlenesokol  town hall meeting in tampa will continue conversation about gun violence
rt  repmarciafudge  proud to join 195 other members of congress in standing against  realdonaldtrump s conflicts of interest  trump for sale
🇺🇸 impressive veteran and active duty military who are training for future service to community  country …
i m pleased to see the former ceo of volkswagen is being held accountable for actions that he pursued unlawfully 
do you know how to dispose of prescription drugs safely  get rid of your unused medicine on take back day on april 2…
it s crazy that most of the rest of the world ensures paid family leave  but the u s  still doesn t  i ve co-sponso…
the  epa designated eastern lis dredging site is a critically important resource for ct s maritime economy  i organ…
under trump  if you look like the king of wakanda  you re not welcome | congressman luis gutierrez…
rt  tothecontrary    repdonnaedwards has some concerns on the future of the country under trump s upcoming presidency and voices her concer…
i wrote a letter to the ceo of  ford stressing the importance of their claycomo plant to kansas city and the 3 600…
happening soon  i ll be questioning facebook ceo mark zuckerberg  watch live below 
in honor of the brave individuals who serve our country  and the nine million heroes who are serviced by the depart…
rt  senatedems  starting soon  we re rallying to savethenet  tune in here  net neutrality
honored to recognize our hard working university athletes and athletics staff  team rep takai
we re working hard to make  mco the safest  most efficient airport in the world  technology is a big part of that 
yes  yes i am 
rt  cspi  thank you   rosadelauro  for helping make menu labeling a reality  we appreciate all your work on this more than you know 
i just led a letter with the democratic florida delegation to the florida state legislature advising them to repeal…
we should be working to strengthen the  aca   instead of trying to repeal it  i introduced medicare buy in which prov…
kingv burwell decision means hard-working american families will continue to enjoy the benefits of dependable  affordable health coverage
rt  bakari_sellers  is he talking to himself again  hey  staceyplaskett y all went and got your own president 
such an honor to have an opportunity to welcome these young people as newly sworn us citizens 
thank you  bmcc_cuny  ensuring the accessibility and affordability of higher education for students in  ny13  and ar…
rt  waysmeanscmte  ways & means democrats  reprichardneal   repjohnlarson  and  repdannydavis are working to reduce social security hearing…
paul ryan warns if the gop loses house  cover-ups will end - new york magazine congress will be separate branch as…
i served with paul ryan  disagreed with him  fought with him  but always admired his command of the policies he pur…
enjoyed meeting students from  windwardschool during their visit to the capitol today  it s always encouraging to s…
saturday is national take back day – a great opportunity for everyone to help fight the growing opioid epidemic …
 4/4   potus   worse impulses should not come before keeping american families safe 
you can watch my presentation this morning with mayor  carmenyulincruz at the  cityclubchicago this morning  rebui…
rt  repalgreen  earlier   repsenfronia and i met with the labor community to discuss ways to protect and improve workers rights in my distr…
i m glad to hear that these three americans have been freed from north korea  this is a great step in improving rel…
it s always a treat to return to hamilton high school to speak to kids that are sitting in the very seats i used to…
rt  edpagecourant  colin mcenroe   the republican state convention still looks like a small scandinavian town that was taken over by the pe…
rt  hrc   reploiscapps congrats on 100% on  hrc s congressional scorecard for supporting  lgbtq  equality  h r c scorecard
today i met with students from pittsfield hs & taconic hs to talk about guncontrol and schoolsafety  we had a t…
rt  oversightdems  republicans have made numerous unsubstantiated allegations  like claiming that the justice department did not disclose i…
gun reform now m s dstrong
facebook s policies have profound impacts  not only on data privacy and freedom of speech  but also on ensuring the…
thanks to everyone who joined us on facebook live for our discussion about food insecurity  the farm bill and  snap… 
what is it about trump cabinet officials and their penchant for living the high life on the taxpayer s dime  next m…
rt  oversightdems  breaking   repcummings calls for hearings on the census bureau s plan to add a question about citizenship to the 2020 c…
rt  janschakowsky  today  all 11 dems in the house sent governor rauner a letter asking him  yet again  to get engaged and work with us on…
  potus has fallen into a dangerous pattern of tweeting first & asking questions later when it comes to national se…
barbara bush was a woman of great dignity and grace  her work as first lady  especially with regards to literacy ed…
rt  repdonbeyer  one of the worst parts of scott pruitt s scandal-ridden tenure at the epa is the way he has brought in staff from industry…
rt  mediajustice  thank you  repjoseserrano for  being our  internet champion and supporting the net neutrality cra   18millionrising  fre…
after the 2013 mountain fire  i worked with first responders to introduce this bipartisan bill to give local govern…
an honor to meet dr  t  berry brazelton & discuss the great work  ababycenter does for cape cod families  ma09 
rt  cityofpomona  ⚠️🌧️we re anticipating another rainy week  sandbags will be available at the city yard  636 w  monterey ave   today until…
rt  repjeffries  republicans  apparently  have become the party of bannon  moore  trump  diamond  silk  it s a five ring circus  and the jo…
rt  transportdems  check out rm  reppeterdefazio s opening statement at today s hearing on atc privatization 
no cabinet meeting devoted to protecting 2018 elections from foreign interference  bipartisan sanctions to punish a…
3  he continued pushing the lie that only thing that can stop a bad guy with a gun is a good guy with a gun  despit…
rt  ushousehistory  since 1900  60 asian and pacific islander americans have served in congress  read their story in our newbook   capac18… 
celebrating the 54th anniversary of reston s founding with  sharonbulova and our colleagues across the community  t…
rt  torilinder  thank you  repdarrensoto for working to keepflwild
the toxic culture  forestservice must end and the resignation of chief tooke is a good first step  but it s clear t…
we need to prioritize preventative health screenings & health education for women  especially our veterans who serv…
on equal pay day  we must continue the fight to ensure equal pay for equal work regardless of gender or race …
i joined  jaketapper on  cnn state of the union to discuss why the trump administration should apologize for their…
with no strategy in iran and no vision in the middle east  president trump s reckless decision will increase tensio…
  explora_nm is looking for an education intern to assist with on-site programming and community outreach this sum…
icymi via  suntimes   we re vulnerable  and we have work to do   u s  rep  mike quigley  d-ill  said at [today s] p…
 speakerryan deleted tweet after realizing  1 50 wasn t much  still won t admit g o p tax scam will actually raise her…
rt  nicholsuprising  trump s white house blames gaza protesters for getting shot and killed  democrats should be calling this lie out  but…
honored to present the congressional badge of bravery to deputy us marshal johnny o brien from baldwin  ny04  for th…
rt  whiphoyer  in feb 2016  i visited flint with  repdankildee   replawrence   repdebdingell   repcummings  &  repscottpeters to see the cr…
the loss of congresswoman louise slaughter is profound  she never lost her focus on what matters  or her accent  i…
partisan house intel report was written in a midterm election  for a midterm election  by mbrs of congress who fear…
real taxreform would have ended this cycle of retroactive extensions and jockeying over uncertain tax policies  co…
pell grants give nearly 25k central coast students access to higher education  that is why we must protect pell
michael wilson of bayonne from the  americanlegion joined me yesterday in dc to discuss legislative priorities for…
the evacuation site has been moved to twin arrows due to smoke  contact 928-679-8393 with questions about the evacu…
rt  homelanddems  today  benniegthompson  repfilemonvela  repdonaldpayne wrote dhs sec kelly - he must reject plan to separate mothers & ch…
our fish & wildlife are among our most valuable resources  supporting jobs  our economy & outdoor heritage  glad to…
35 000 people are killed every year in this country by gunviolence  and none must be forgotten  19 years after dan…
thanks  benkallos &  brearlynyc for working together to beautify a part of the esplanade which has been an eyesore…
children are still being senselessly exposed to gun violence 19 years after the tragic columbine shooting  congres…
retiring from congress does not mean i m retiring from the struggle  the march continues and i ll never stop fighti…
you may qualify for the earned income tax credit  eitc  if you work & earn  54 000 or less a year  learn more at…
the special envoy position is now more important than ever  cc   statedept
i ve issued a consumer alert – in english and spanish – warning californians to be wary of scam artists or untraine…
rt  repdonbeyer  pruitt appeared to admit to my colleague  repcardenas that an epa employee  millan hupp  one of the raise recipients  help…
rt  ilrf  sonia and her mom work at the same hotel in seattle - and together they fought for and won legislation to protect housekeepers in…
it was great to be with you  thanks for having me 
rt  energycommerce  watch  repscottpeters question  epascottpruitt about conflicts of interest involving an epa political appointee  boot p…
rt  menendez4texas  with a disproportionately high suicide rate among veterans   their grass-roots movement shares health benefits of marij…
eastern ct s gerry wright and ed fortin are crossing the country  gathering signatures in support of vets who were…
stand with me as i lead the effort to introduce the reauthorization of the violence against women act -  vawa 
rt  housebudgetdems  today s balanced budget amendment is a dangerous plan that would devastate our economy and force huge cuts to programs…
today i honored our teachers for teacher appreciation week  i remember the names of my first 9 teachers at houghto…
no one wanted to see the great government of the united states closed for business  the last g o pshutdown in 2013 c…
pell grants offer students the opportunity to get a college education without being saddled with endless debt  the…
rt  senbooker    corybooker &  congressmanruiz introduce landmark environmental justice bill 
rt  goldbutte  thank you  repkihuen for all your support for our monuments and for gold butte
yesterday was a busy day  i was a guest lecturer at a law & politics workshop  part of  stonybrooku  s osher lifelo…
tribes are sovereign nations and states have no right or legal precedent to interfere in the government-to-governme…
america is done waiting for our infrastructure to enter the 21st century  and our nation s workers are ready to get…
just had a productive meeting with  senfeinstein  we discussed homelessness and how she can be our partner in build…
 otd  1995  us government instituted partial shutdown  closing some govt ops  while other offices operated w skeleton crews  g o pshutdown
rt  cal_oes  local assistance centers opening for california wildfires in orange and sonoma counties --- more info---&gt 
i told reporters today that the underlying faa reauth is bipartisan  but i want to see what amendments are adopted…
 uscis will now destroy permanent resident cards  employment authorization cards & travel documents returned as und…
rt  teampelosi  happy mother s day to all hard-working  relentless mothers everywhere  we hope you all have a wonderful day ✊💪💁‍♀️
march highlights  worked across the aisle to protect  3 5 billion in funding for arizona schools  stopped congressi…
china has been cheating on trade  and the remedy must be implemented carefully
 we have to figure out what happens between the time when the umbilical cord is cut and when the child picks up a g…
rt  officialcbc    reprichmond   imposing work requirements on medicaid recipients is counterproductive and most likely illegal   full sta…
  realdonaldtrump  i disagree with the end of the individual mandate  it will be the nail in the coffin of the affo…
cuts to  snap  hurt the most vulnerable members of society  our children  taking food away from children and familie…
congratulations to gloria soto from santa maria for winning the 2018 congressional woman of the year award  gloria…
as a mom and a policymaker  i stand with  momsdemand action and call on my colleagues in congress to pass legislati…
april 19  1943 nazi forces began liquidating the jewish ghetto in warsaw  poland 75 years later as we honor jews…
progress moves forward on hyperloop thanks to our bipartisan coalition and leaders in ohio and washington working…
🏅congratulations to  planthighschool student alea jennings for winning my congressional art competition today for h…
rt  abc7adrienne   watch   repkarenbass on arming teachers — newsmakers 11am sun  abc7 school shooting parkland
rt  wmnf   mitcheperry chats with  alangrayson & hillsborough county commish  stacy_white4 today on 88 5fm/wmnf org  should be lively  call…
it was great to see  joebiden earlier today when he met with the  bluecollardems
the students from stoneman douglas have started a movement  they bravely returned to school this week  congress nee…
honoring the life and memory of dr  martin luther king jr  by laying a wreath at his monument in the nation s capit…
rt  essence  this queen  legendary jazz singer ella fitzgerald  would have turned 101 today  please blast  it don t mean a thing  and get y…
the cfpb doesn t need a new name  it needs leadership that takes its mission of protecting consumers seriously  a…
rt  blueactiondems  thanks for joining us yesterday at the town hall for our lives - austin with congressman lloyd doggett  hundreds came t…
  commercegov &  uscensusbureau are withholding docs about the trump admin s decision to add a citizenship question…
today   repbera and i sent a letter urging amb bolton to reverse the trump admin s retreat on global health securit…
rt  awoadvocacy  thank you   repvisclosky  for meeting with awo members and talking about the importance of the maritime industry  a w obarg…
my staff will be in safford and window rock today to help you with your questions about military benefits  social s…
rt  housedemocrats    repdonbeyer  va-08    repbonamici  or-01    repsarbanes  md-03    repcarbajal  ca-24   and  repmceachin  va-04  held…
heartbroken to learn of  louiseslaughter s passing  louise was an inspiration & champion for all women across the c…
 i was personally a victim of cointelpro  your organization  your methodology  in my opinion is similar   rush told…
rt  repjudychu  patsy mink  the first asian american woman elected to congress  co-authored the landmark title i x  revolutionizing gender e…
 tbt  to reminding secretary mnuchin that president obama turned our economy around  trump not only inherited a fort…
receiving a  1 6 billion hud grant with  governormapp and  hudgov to help with the rebuilding efforts 
i m joining  doingwit for smart city saturday this weekend  i ll be speaking to teens about the importance of being…
honored this week to celebrate the 200th birthday of frederick douglass w/ nettie washington douglass  the great gr…
 bretrreimers  warheads
 onlyorganic  senbobcasey  stonyfield  seasnax  amyskitchen great to be here to discuss the homegrownorganicact 
way to do it nikole   texassouthern t s uproud
noise reductions for the super hornet and growler will help sailors working in close proximity to aircraft and comm…
great meeting w/the  naiop ne florida chapter of the commercial real estate development association and discussing…
a zip code should never determine destiny  in a comment letter  i announced the ca doj s opposition to the  hudgov …
soon i ll be introducing a groundbreaking campaign finance reform bill  the democracy dollars act  read more about…
i introduced bipartisan legislation to assist indian tribes in maintaining  expanding  and deploying 21st century b…
rt  hfacdemocrats  rm  repeliotengel  today we welcome back to america three am cits wrongfully imprisoned by kim jung un in north korea  ma…
today i joined an early lunar new year celebration with the asia pacific cultural center at their 20th annual new y…
rt  mayorharrykim  eruption update for may 7  2018 at 1100 am  35 structures destroyed  elevated so2 levels  lava flow stopped for now  eva…
rt  repcohen   he s yet to honor james shaw jr   who went into the waffle house&saved people w/his bare hands   trump has done nothing   i…
get help with federal agencies at mobile office hours thursday  april 26th  1 00-2 30pm  at mesa veterans resource c…
i commend  starbucks for reaching 100% pay equity between women and men and people of all races in the u s  this ac…
rt  edfaction  great op-ed from  repbarragan  epa s unwillingness to act on pollution is especially harmful to communities of color
rt  repbarbaralee  these are some of the poorest families in america  they can t afford a 200% rent hike  this will only lead to more homel…
8 years ago today  the deepwater disaster spilled millions of gallons of oil into the gulf of mexico and destroyed…
an accurate 2020census is critical to our nation  and the political decision by the trump administration to add an…
the trump administration has laid out proposals which would destroy the independence of the consumer financial prot…
it s thanks to my interactions with security researchers like  k8em0 that i have an understanding of the capacity-b…
are you cyber aware  it s common for computers to catch bugs and viruses  make sure your software is always updat…
thinking of all the students from stoneman douglas as they return to school today  your courage and wisdom continue…
so proud of our community s puerto rican heritage  whether long-time residents or recent arrivals  glad that the 2n…
i agree with my friend  repcharliedent  mueller and rosenstein should be allowed to continue their work  i ll join…
don t forget to vote today  polls are open until 8 00 pm 
great meeting with students from  armywarcollege class of 2018  congratulations  and thank you for your dedication…
republicans just passed a bill that  within the decade  raises taxes on millions of middle class families and still…
national parks protect the very best of our national treasures  yet due to long-term underinvestment  the cost to r…
rt imcollaborative  the only poll that really matters is the voting poll  off to vote for capuano for senator from massachusetts  masen
wi-03 knows that pay more for less bill is a bad deal  calls/emails so far  1557 people urged me to vote no 8 people urged me to vote yes
during a winter storm like the one massachusetts is currently experiencing  it is important to remember our neighbo…
national park week starts today  in honor of this week  the  natlparkservice is waiving all entrance fees today  4…
rt  sba_nevada  listening to natalie duncan sba deputy national ombudsman in vegas talk regulatory enforcement at  unlvecondev and with re…
in fact  the same national women s law center 2017 let her learn survey found that 1 in 5 girls aged 14 to 18 has b…
i am so honored that the people of ventura county have entrusted me to represent them in congress   ca26 
congress must reclaim the power to declare war  in 2013  we urged president obama to come to congress to debate mil…
our napa county finalist is angie correa from vintage high school for her piece  hand in hand 
my bill   hr1673  - water act - would provide the needed investment in detroit s infrastructure  we need to act now 
thank you to all the amazing organizations who came out in support of the va medicinal cannabis research act today …
rt  oversightdems   repcummings  replynch   repcummings  replynch  they reflect either a fundamental ignorance about the history and ideals…
rt  oversightdems    newyorker reported that president trump granted jared kushner access to the highly-guarded president s daily brief  pd…
saddened to hear of former first lady barbara bush s passing  i send my condolences to president bush and the entire bush family
the youth movement is growing strong  this group  from  uptousnews is promoting fiscal sustainability  whether it i…
a better deal is about fairness  it s about justice  it s about listening to the american people and providing solut…
judy kennedy and i shared a love for the city of newburgh  and i saw her in action working every day to make newbur…
history shows that where we drill  we spill  that s a risk we can t take off the coast of oregon  the trump adm…
may be good for shareholders  but bad for american workers  don t take my word for it – it s in the  uscbo report 
rt  glaad  stephanie montez is the 22nd transgender person to be killed this year  violence against transgender people  especially trans wo…
tomorrow at 9 00am i ll be taking over  officialcbc and answering your questions about community policing and polic…
2 --&gt  the message was clear  support the plan and you will get special-interest campaign support  oppose the plan a…
rt  nancypelosi    realdonaldtrump is using every cynical political trick in the book to ignite anti-immigrant fervor  needlessly militariz…
congratulations to the parkland  florida students for the well-deserved  time recognition  and thank you to former…
my heart is with the  coloradostateu community & the csu ramily after this morning s tragic news
rt  hardball   i believe the reason the president can t clearly articulate a policy towards russia is because he has been so invested in th…
discussed a number of issues ranging from immigration to the legal services corporation with the national asian pac…
the president is wrong to walk away from the iran deal  it s very simple  his decision makes america less safe and…
young people should have access to mental health services  i m proud to introduce the  improving access to mental h…
rt  barackobama  thinking about our neighbors in mexico and all our mexican-american friends tonight  cuidense mucho y un fuerte abrazo par…
congratulations to my friend   cedriccrear  on being sworn in as  cityoflasvegas councilman for ward 5  thank you…
rt  homelanddems  ranking member  benniegthompson proudly joins you  public charge rule must be stopped 
great to see the example  aon_plc is setting through its groundbreaking apprenticeship programs
today marks equal pay day  showing how far into the next year women would have to work to match what a man earned in…
this is completely false  the gop 2018 farm bill cuts over  23 billion in snap benefits from hungry americans 
rt  congressmanraja  this attack on  senjohnmccain is disgraceful  senator mccain served his country with honor in uniform and it is unfath…
happy mothers day to all the caring  hardworking moms across  ma3  today 
during  bhm  we continue to honor local leaders who uplift our communities and remember those who came before us in…
rt  edworkforcedems  during president trump s first year in office  workers have been under attack   sotu  protect workers
yesterday morning  i welcomed a group of students and teachers from united day school in laredo on their annual vis…
ending net neutrality is wrong  i ll continue working to block the  fcc s repeal so we can ensure tx businesses & a…
october is cyber aware month  are you protected  here s one tip  back up your files regularly and use strong pass…
the world s leading economies are investing in  ai  and planning for the future  we must do the same …
today i called on fcc chairman  ajitpaifcc to protect net neutrality  we must ensure that the internet remains a fr…
the gop tax bill has led to  4 billion in employee bonuses and  218 billion in corporate share buybacks  now that i…
rt  soflaopinion   dwstweets   those who argue that no single law can ever prevent all of these tragedies are absolutely right  that s why…
rep  loebsack signs on to resolution condemning dog meat festival in yulin china
my subcommittee hearing in the human resources subcommittee on ways and means hearing on improving the tanf program 
we have a chance to elect leaders – like  maxrose4ny – who know firsthand the life and death consequences of decisi…
and the fact that 45 has time for rants on fox but not time to mention the victims or an american hero james shaw jr…
as part of national police week  i attended the 37th annual national peace officers  memorial service to pay tribute…
87% of fortune 500 companies have announced no plans to share their g o p tax scam tax cuts with their employees  happy tax day
rt  elizabethcahn    repmcgovern thank you jim  for standing up for immigrant communities  immigrants make us better and stronger as a nati…
proud to celebrate  repmarcykaptur s achievement of becoming the longest-serving woman in the history of the u s  h…
 gop  leaders have had more than 100 days to meet dems at the negotiating table and create a comprehensive plan to t…
every dollar we invest in infrastructure is an investment in our neighborhoods  our communities  and our future …
today  i am at the groundbreaking ceremony for tabernacle of praise cathedral s multi-purpose center  where we sew …
we need a better deal to secure america s status as an economic powerhouse – and to make sure working people see the…
discussed local conservation efforts and ways to preserve and protect the beauty of the east bay with the contra co…
cesar chavez inspired a nation  he taught us a great lesson  when we organize and stand up for what is right  we ca…
rt  mayorjosealvar2  parada puertorriqueña en downtown orlando con  repdarrensoto and osceola sherriff russ gibson  osceolasheriff 🇺🇸🇵🇷 htt…
had a productive meeting with my good friends in appac today to discuss pakastani-us relations   ny03 
rt jeremymarin weather outside is frightful  but in the voting booth it s so delightful  go & vote  go & vote  go & vote for capuano  m a sen
i enjoyed having a discussion with  necouncil this morning about national security and other important issues facin…
the farm bill s environmental and conservation provisions would gut longstanding protections for endangered species…
earlier today  the joint select committee on solvency of multiemployer pension plans held its first meeting  many a…
nothing could be more important than ensuring that all workers—regardless of gender  race  sexual orientation or ba…
the  faa  reauthorization bill will help build a bridge for students ready to the next step in their careers  the b…
the  ustreasury department has announced sanctions against russian organizations and individuals in retaliation for…
here with  plennetwork   a great group dedicated to preparing college women for leadership in public policy  proud…
dear  potus   you ve called the opioid epidemic it a national emergency  but those are just words  put some money w…
19 years after the columbine tragedy  we remember the victims and continue to demand action to end gun violence in o…
as a proud member of the  housesbcdems  i m excited to announce that my bill  hr 1702  the small business developm…
i spoke with immigrant and women s rights activists today calling for 2 things  demanding an end of the trump admin…
rt  ncmuseumhistory    nccu  located in  durhamnc  has been ranked as one of the  10 best hbcus in america  
i m joining  lelandvittert on  foxnews today in the 1 pm et/10 am pt hour to discuss syria  i hope you can tune in 
i stand with  oversightdems in demanding answers  why would the administration delete web pages about breast cancer…
continuing our successful partnership over the years   repmiketurner i introduced the p e r s i s t against m s t act  an imp…
icymi   cqnow named me the fifth most independent member in the house of reps   ne02 
stock markets in disarray due to inflation fears  stoked by budget-busting deficits  now that the  gop has passed…
 realdonaldtrump reckless and dangerous decision will isolate the united states  put iran back on the fast-track…
 mrruzicka  mrruzicka i completely agree - if we are talking about preventative health and movement to healthier po…
rt  coconinonf  the forest will be dry again by the weekend  remember stage ii fire restrictions are in place tomorrow at 8 a m  no campfir…
six months after hurricane maria  tens of thousands of american citizens remain w/o permanent shelter  water or el…
enjoyed my conversation with  grammyadvocacy this morning on the music modernization act and our ongoing work to sup…
while this decision is welcome reprieve for those who ve been hanging in balance  it s still up to congress to pass…
i m excited to join  votolatino for  hhma   cali  let s get people to register to vote 
any moc who votes in favor of cutting  7 billion from children s health insurance program   chip   doesn t deserve t…
i am extremely disappointed to learn tonight  at 9 29 p m   that the commerce department will include a citizenship…
i ll be kicking off this event at 9 00am  please join the conversation 
republicans  self-professed love for president reagan is hard to square with their rejection of his common-sense ap…
in observance of ramadan and every day  we must renew our commitment to understanding and compassion for all breth…
pleased judge orrick issued preliminary injunction to block trump s threat to strip funding from so called sanctuary cities like phila  1/2
rt  washingtonpost  democratic rep  al green offers second trump impeachment measure
thanks to our bipartisan coalition the great lakes restoration initiative is fully funded in this spending bill 
barbara bush was a woman of strong conviction whose independence and grit were not to be contained  her commitment…
equal pay is not only important for working women  it impacts our families  businesses and the economy  that is why…
rt  sierraclublive    rephuffman  it s not just the huge cuts   this is a budget that places the exploration of our land above all other us…
if true that cohen traveled to prague to meet with putin confidant then it is concrete evidence of collusion
i joined  repseanmaloney s bill to halt  fcc netneutrality repeal  repealing net neutrality is bad policy and this…
rt  housesbcdems    nydiavelazquez s bill  h r  5236  the main street employee ownership act of 2018 passed the house today  this bill will…
excited to sit down and chat with  irisreadstoiowa  such a great and important service they provide 
rt  ed4excellence  thank you  corybooker   donaldnorcross &  billpascrell for your efforts to remove financial barriers to creating & susta…
 janyc237 you can count on my no vote  this political  partisan farm bill is terrible  i support  snap  and will not vote for any cuts 
are you a high school student interested in attending a u s  military service academy  join me at our upcoming info…
this investigation – impartial and objective – needs to continue unabated to find everyone involved in these effort…
 sherylsandberg is the coo of facebook and first woman to serve on facebook s board  an influential female executiv…
l g b t equality day is a celebration of  scotus  victories that declared  once and for all  love is love 
key takeaway   by 2019  americans earning less than  30 000 a year would be worse off under the senate bill  by 202…
wishing you and your family a very happy easter 
happy to celebrate the 242nd birthday of the u s  marine corps this week with these outstanding marines  including…
rt  thebeatwithari  rod rosenstein and mueller are  very aware  that trump might fire them and  yet they have very strong statements  which…
this is bigger than today and the election  there are other people affected by this other than african american  birtherism
  epascottpruitt repeatedly used his position to further his own political ambitions rather than protect the lives…
ramadan is a sacred time for muslim-americans  and all who share their faith around the world  to celebrate and ref…
possibly the most destructive action taken by  epascottpruitt is the degradation of the role of science at  epa in…
my sincerest congratulations to hector barajas for receiving his citizenship after so much hard work  this news bri…
bravo to the thousands of students in my congressional district and across california and the country who are walki…
rt  cnnsotu  tune into  cnnsotu  w/  jaketapper this sunday to hear from our panel   ricksantorum   jengranholm   repmikerogers and  repkare…
 bhm  spotlight  the black academy of arts and letters inc    tbaal works to create and enhance awareness and under…
congratulations to  sunriseguide & all the other 2018  sba_maine smallbiz winners  so grateful for what you contri…
frank skartados leaves a proud legacy as a fighter for the people he loved and a voice for many who had none  frank…
was proud today to stand on steps of city hall against  hudgov proposal that would increase rent on working nyers w…
i m glad  yale police admonished the complaining student  but i hope the administration has more planned than talki…
the notion that on tax day – when millions of hardworking people across the country are trying to pay their taxes l…
citizens united unleashed a chain reaction that has allowed billionaires & corporate special interests to spend unl…
ways and means subcommittee on human resources hearing on jobs and opporuniry  we also have dan lustig from haymar…
president trump s reckless withdrawal from the iran deal has the potential to destabilize an already unstable regio…
rt  leylasantiago  update  gabriela is now in a detention facility in texas w/her 2 boys  her story 
rt  bcondotta  one quick thought is that the seahawks are just clearing the decks of everything they don t want to deal with in 2018 
once again  our nation is drawn close to a tv as we painfully wait and anxiously wonder  how many were shot  what…
happy 160th birthday minnesota  on this date  in 1858  the  land of 10 000 lakes   entered the union as the 32nd gr…
team castro attend the keystone neighborhood association meeting last evening to share information on services offe…
an entire segment of congress was given zero input on this cr  that s just not right  i ve been here 25 years  and…
in a boon to the chemical industry   realdonaldtrump nominated a  scientist for hire  for no  2  epa flood the swamp
rt  georgetownlaw   repjerrynadler  repsarbanes  georgetownicap  brucefeinesq  vicnourse   repsarbanes says dems need house gavel back to r…
trump already has an alarming number of conflicts of interest and the list keeps growing 
additional implications of the g o p tax scam   the country s debt load is seen spiraling compared with the rest of…
millions in the streets  record levels of support  the question is not red or blue – it s action or inaction 
rt  antitrustcaucus  the  antitrustcaucus will hold a series of educational briefings this year to examine the effects of corporate power a…
with good friends  hrclasvegas annual gala  i m proud to be an original co-sponsor of the equality act which includ…
rt  wammezz  us congressman  repjimmcdermott calls  deptofdefense hagel for transparency over depleteduranium use iraq
well that s not right   housegop 
rt  poolsafely   our children deserve to be raised in a safe environment where they are able to reach their full potential – and i m proud…
i m looking forward to delivering remarks at the student-organized  why wake walks  rally this afternoon with stude…
from sonoma county  updated fire information
go  goldenknights  western conference final here we come  vegas born stanley cup
because no mother should be taken away from her child  honor immigrant moms
a business model based on dramatically raising prescription drug prices is a symptom of our broken pharmaceutical s…
while they cut taxes for the wealthy  republicans want to cut the supplemental nutrition assistance program  food s…
an america that wins in space also wins in the economy on earth  today  i m joining  congculberson and  billnye to…
so glad that only after going on a 6 month spending binge  republicans are now considering a balanced budget amendm…
on 9/3/1964  pres  lyndon johnson made history by signing wilderness act into law keep it wild keep it public
i hope that in doing this we remain vigilant in the time before the dod briefs hasc on the merit of chinese involvement in rimpac 
estoy satisfecho q cms propone ahora aumentar los tres componentes de la fórmula de gpci  geographic pricing cost index  para médicos en pr
fact  8-in-10 people who signed up to get covered for 2017 received financial help  open enrollment starts today 
 icymi  — the politicians screaming about a trade war are beholden to wall street 
whether you re learning to read or learning to dj  the  lacountylibrary welcomes everyone  it s a place where resid…
it s time for my republican colleagues to stop this high-risk game of chicken and work together with democrats on…
satisfecho con las reuniones q tuve esta semana con líderes del sector público y privado para discutir propuestas del task force de promesa
rt  nancypelosi  as a mother & grandmother  i know that our children are the most precious and important things that life can offer  that s…
what is more shocking than republicans adding  1 5 trillion to the debt  for our children & grandchildren to pay fo…
happy veterans day  we owe so much to america s veterans 
happy 81st anniversary  social security  we must expand social security and protect it for future generations
moments of silence aren t enough  we need moments of action   speakerryan  give us a vote no fly no buy close the loophole gun vote
president trump alone bears the responsibility for the consequences of the dangerous decision to pull the plug on the iran deal 
i will work closely with my colleagues to add new funding resources in the house-senate conference committee  opioidepidemic
of course it is  that was the plan all along 
so proud to see all those who came out  in our community and across the nation  to make their voices heard today  i…
happy easter to all who are celebrating 
rt  rephankjohnson  this mothers day  i can t imagine the horror of being a child forcibly separated from my mother by the government  immi…
rt  aapd  we are grateful to have  replowenthal join us this evening to present the aapd catalyst award to  meaf  a a p d gala
his legacy can be seen in today s attribution announcement – the increased use of economic and diplomatic tools in…
it s health care open enrollment season  if you re in ca & looking for a plan to get covered  visit…
rt  car_nove  i was hiding in a closet for 2 hours  it was about guns  you weren t there  you don t know how it felt  guns give these disgu…
rt  senduckworth  this morning   repschneider   janschakowsky & my staff helped illinoisans learn more about federal grants & resources ava…
rt  nancypelosi  tune in as democrats join students for today s enough is enough d m v event at the capitol  never again
the us alone cannot prevent iran  and other nations  from developing nuclear weapons  we must work in concert and c…
thanks to  shannonyoung413 of  masslivenews for visiting me in dc for a preview of the  sotu  tonight  watch here 
rt  vincentharding  thx  lloyddoggetttx  juliancastro  joaquincastrotx  mayoradler for a great  tcdp  gotv  rally  txlege dems im wit her …
happening now   unmc announces  20m award to fight against highly infectious diseases such as ebola   ne02 
right here 👇 sums up horrendous  costly trump/pruitt gift to special interests  why do they always side with pollut…
i was honored to join martin luther king iii  officialmlk3   repbarbaralee & pam horowitz in memphis as we honor…
what an amazing wave of fired-up people in washington today  change will come  march for our lives never again
rt  andybcampbell  scoop  i talked to a man who opened a neo-nazi record shop in long island  he says it s all about  esoteric pagan ideolo…
proud to introduce the enhance cybersecurity for small manufacturers act  this bipartisan  bicameral bill addresses…
urged  mickmulvaneyomb to withdraw trump administration proposal to unnecessarily disrupt the world trade center he…
you cannot use the bully pulpit to make excuses for hatemongers  3/5
once again  tens of thousands are without power in puerto rico  the response to the aftermath hurricane maria remai…
americans want action to end gun violence  in fact  97% of gun owners want to see congress require background checks…
 secarmy  judgecarter  armychiefstaff thank you for joining us  for your leadership and your service to our nation 
rt  steveespaulding  snowed in    watch  commoncause s fair maps panel from yesterday  -  replowenthal -  reprodblum -  micahsimsshow -…
rt  replloyddoggett  since 2006  the average cost for a year of medication for someone with a chronic disease has more than doubled to over…
the house is in session this week  here s what we re scheduled to vote on
rt  countyofsb  don t leave your pets behind  there are many options for housing & care at no cost  please call santa barbara county animal…
after adding  2t to the deficit with their g o p tax scam  congressional republicans and the administration now want t…
visited with journalist emilio today  he made it clear that his life is at risk if we send him back to mexico  i be…
if congress can t pass a budget  we shouldn t get paid  for more on the bill i am cosponsoring  the no budget  no p…
republicans must join democrats and move to protect special counsel mueller s investigation  americans deserve the…
the farm bill provisions that cut  snap  & impose work requirements are disgraceful  this is a bill written by the…
rt  justiceforyouth  on the 50th anniversary of dr  king s death  we remain committed to fighting for justice for all   repjasonlewis   bob…
as home to 3 000  farms   wa01  farmers produce some of the best berries and dairy  i m pushing for programs that su…
my statement on president  realdonaldtrump s decision to approve the release of a misleading memo authored by house…
en gran parte  para compensar ese trato desigual  el gob ha gastado más de lo q tiene a nivel local  causando deuda y déficits excesivos 
 hunttownhall
   y presupuestos balanceados  y que se adhiera a los mismos 
  i knew  and i still feel  it s the best job in the world   tsongas said more than a decade after first taking off…
rt  housesbcdems  small businesses and entrepreneurs want to see their taxes simplified  however  just 7% of small businesses who thought t…
your or house delegation is live on facebook talking about the damage the g o ptaxbill will do  tune in …
this is a grave moment for our country  the special counsel must be allowed to finish its work  but these people wi…
honored to nominate these young leaders to  westpoint_usma  navalacademy  af_academy & other military academies  ou…
rt  officialcbc  for  bhm   we highlighted african americans who 𝘮𝘢𝘥𝘦 america great  today  for  whm2018   we re highlighting women of color…
this year we observe kamehameha day2016 the friday prior to june 11th 
rt  propublica    repmarktakano introduced legislation last week requiring federal authorities to examine racial disparities in auto insura…
rt  nilc_org  news  the federal district court in dc has just found  realdonaldtrump s termination of  daca  unlawful  here s what the decis…
2  a cap on service contracts  to match a similar restriction on our federal workforce  ndaa17 
proud to introduce the sustainable shark fisheries and trade act w/  repwebster today  preventing exploitation in g…
happy to be joined by students from  clearcreekhigh  love seeing young people getting engaged w/ their community 
today is another chance for gop members to sign the discharge petition and force a vote on dreamer legislation  all…
this bill is a shame and a disgrace 
fifty years ago in memphis we lost a hero and moral leader  we should follow his lead and resist those who are work…
local economies like ours in san bernardino county rely on the contributions of immigrants  and this administration…
thanks mr  harrison  let s get some bulldogs into the  congressionalac   
rt  jacksonleetx18  it s one thing for  realdonaldtrump to rescind daca on a whim without any plan to replace it  it is entirely another to…
  repyvetteclarke  we mark this anniversary with sadness and also with a little gladness that some of the…
my amendment will help get our astronauts to mars by 2033 by requiring  nasa to incorporate a 2033 mission into the…
heck of a coincidence 
want to stay up to date on legislative news and events i m holding  sign up for my newsletter here 
yesterday  i met with the u s  army corps of engineers  usacehq and representatives from the laredo delegation to d…
the  epa scientific advisory board hasn t met in 6 months  the fact that adm  pruitt refuses to listen to scientist…
team castro visited with the hidden meadows neighborhood association and the pipers meadow neighborhood association…
rt  homelanddems  shameful  nunes has got to go 
i spoke with  burtonabc7 in memphis ahead of events to mark the 50th anniversary of martin luther king  jr  s assas…
thank you to the  bedrosiancenter for hosting a forum last week on the fbi s black identity extremist report and ra…
rt  anaiscarmonadc  today   repvaldemings dropped some of the most moving discourse around gun control  it s not the rap music  it s not ab…
we must all do our part to rid the world of female genital mutilation  and i will continue to lead the fight in con…
 sportsmom0621  sportsmom0621  happy to do that for you  please contact my office in towson at  410  832-8890 
dc residents are marching to tell  marcorubio and  reptomgarrett to keep their hands off d c gun laws …
the disproportionate power of moneyed interests to influence public policy and election outcomes is deeply concerni…
rt  machinistsunion   we re going to make the union movement the next great iteration of the american story   great to have  reptimryan at…
today i met with san joaquin valley dreamers and the chancellor of  ucmerced to hear their stories and discuss my o…
joining  cmtmosqueda for the launch of  rowefinkbeiner s new book   keep marching  how every woman can take action…
we need commonsense laws to prevent gun violence – from universal background checks to limiting high capacity ammunition magazines  2/
for the remainder of his term  i hope he feels freer to reach across the aisle so we can address pressing issues th…
congratulations 
thank you   theiacp  representing 18 000 police departments  for your letter to congress opposing the gop bill to a…
 icymi   erna fergusson library will have master garderners available to answer your plant-related questions at 10…
everyone deserves safe drinking water  any bill to fund the government must fund flint  flint water crisis
thank you to my mom jean and all the mothers across this nation  you are raising our future  have a…
icymi—we had an enlightening conversation about advancing women  thanks  firstladynj   gabby_mosquera &…
congrats to  thevycc on the national recognition for their health care share project  which connects  vt  families w…
wish i could be in san diego today to participate in dining out for life  dofl is a collaboration between local res…
cyber attacks are becoming more frequent and nefarious  eliminating the top white house cybersecurity job will only…
family is an american value  but the trump administration is seeking to drastically cut family immigration  to be a…
yesterday  steve bannon refused to answer all but 25 questions concerning his time after the campaign  and all thos…
    if trump fires sessions in order to rein in the russia investigation  there would be no choice  but for this co…
rt  foxnews    repjohnyarmuth   we re perfectly in favor of giving middle income americans a break  and we re all supportive of that  what…
cities along us-mexico border are safer than washington  d c   contrary to republican claims during trump shutdown …
rt  montefrankct   rideonteam26 rode through se washington to stop at brishell jones way to let our friend nardyne know we stand with her a…
thank you for all of the work you do to end stigma around mental health in this country 
met with folks from  giffordscourage  which is committed to saving lives from gun violence  they and thousands of o…
at a  housecommerce hearing this afternoon  peter questioned epa administrator scott pruitt about his reckless spen…
our constituent service representatives will be throughout the district this week during neighborhood office hours …
there are over 100 h b c us in the country and 8 of them are in south carolina  i proudly represent seven hbcus and am a graduate of one 
rt  waysmeanscmte  it s been six months since hurricane maria struck puerto rico  and americans there continue to suffer  the republican ta…
2018 predicted to be another active storm season – get flood insurance coverage now to be hurricaneready & safegua…
wonderful news  the 6th circuit court of appeals has upheld the rights of trans individuals to be protected under…
any discussion or movement toward  va  privatization is an insult to the men & women who selflessly put their lives…
as we celebrate womens history month  check out some of pieces that  librarycongress has  and learn about all the gr…
trump wants to keep families apart by expanding the definition of  public charge  to include programs related to he…
a mind to work  
rt  eastbaycitizen  for seniors  said  repmikehonda   living in the valley  social security doesn t cut it   ss cap needs to be raised abov…
may is national foster care month  a time to recognize our nation s more than 400 000 foster youth in addition to t…
rt  drdenagrayson  🚨alert🚨 my hubby  alangrayson needs your help  in congress  alan will  ✅fight for medicare for all ✅push for gun reform…
for a a p i heritage month  i sent a letter to  usps & the citizens stamp advisory council asking to create a stamp to honor  aja  during  wwii  
simply having a job is not enough to lift someone out of poverty  teachers across america are striking for better w…
rt  nationalnurses  watch our facebook live event to learn more and get involved with h r  5223  the federal legislation to prevent workpl…
critical  fcc vote coming to roll back net neutrality  working to oppose it by introducing the save net neutrality…
rt  dougomalleyenj  bipartisan event at the shore to ban offshore drilling in state waters   govmurphy  repchrissmith  frankpallone gop ele…
  donaldjtrumpjr  you knew exactly where it was coming from  they were sitting across the table from you 
eager to be working with chairman  repgoodlatte to advance these long overdue and important music copyright matters 
sinclair is happening now and we must do everything we can to sound the alarm and stop their plans of expanding to…
i m leading  appropsdems  hearing with  interior  secretaryzinke this morning  we ll be discussing  realdonaldtrump…
thank you  gabbygiffords &  giffordscourage for your leadership  your support & your help with this important bipar…
 bhm  spotlight  after breaking world records at the 2013 world championships  simone manuel went on to become the f…
today marks gold star spouses day  a day dedicated to remembering the courage and strength of spouses whose wives and…
we join together on yom ha shoah to remember the millions of jewish lives lost and reiterate our promise to never ag…
spending the day  asteelflash with  sjsu students to celebrate american manufacturing  mfgday m f g day16 watch live 
rt  housesbcdems  economic empowerment is key to wealth creation  check out new data regarding female and minority franchise ownership  ht…
wishing all pakistani-americans a wonderful pakistan s republic day 
a mind to work  
proud to support this effort by  davidcicilline  strong support for human rights must be the cornerstone of america…
joined residents of all faiths at the la mirada mayor s prayer breakfast where we discussed faith  community servic…
every year  we gather today to remember those who gave their lives for this nation  let us never forget their sacrifice  memorial day2016
join me tomorrow on  reddit r/politics at 3 p m  where i ll be doing an  ama  on net neutrality and the  fcc  s upco…
enough is enough  congress can do more to help prevent gun violence  i support banning assault rifles  stopping s…
as americans we can never stop standing up and denouncing violence and bigotry  we must band together to fight the scourge of hate 
on this day in 1775  the us marine corps was formed  happy 241st birthday   usmc   usmc  semper fidelis
communication between volunteers & staff is critical in the rehabilitation regimen for the animals at  spcaoftexas …
 cqprofiles mahalo  cqprofiles
i ve co-sponsored legislation to safeguard bears ears national monument from this unprecedented attack and preserve…
happy teacher appreciation day and thank you to all of the hard working teachers across western new york
please see my statement on the u s  government shutdown  governing crisis to crisis is irresponsible  congress nee…
  housegop should follow suit and release all the house intelligence committee interview transcripts so we can get…
    i owe something to the dead and anyone who does not remember them betrays them again -elie wiesel  never forget…
today s announcement establishing the great lakes partnership to block asian carp is a proactive and important move…
open enrollment starts in one week  get the info you need to get the best plan for you & your family  get covered
great conversation with the hardworking men and women of the northwest oregon labor council this morning 
reminder  tomorrow is the last day to apply for my office s summer internship program  internships are available in…
rt  sunsentinel  wasserman schultz  frankel want review of all congressional sex harassment cases
betsy de vos and her corruption racket 
the  nra s  highest legislative priority  is also one that 473 police officials from 39 states warn will hurt publi…
today marks a time in u s  history that we should reflect on and acknowledge the critical work dr  martin luther ki…
rt  nmaahc  one of the most renowned units of african american combat troops was the highly decorated 369th infantry regiment  known as the…
calling on all business and restaurant owners in the san antonio  join us for dhs image and i-9 workshop next thurs…
rt  jhanscom3  thanks for meeting with your fellow  wsma_update colleagues  repjimmcdermott 
rt  senatorserrano  happening now   repjoseserrano giving introductory remarks at our black history month2018 celebration at  hostoscollege …
 bradybuzz did you know  60% of recovered chicago crime guns come from out of state  this must change  which is…
i want to thank  repjohnlewis for cosponsoring the house bill to save net neutrality 
we re 4 months into the fiscal year and already   housegop have issued 4 short-term continuing resolutions to fund…
rt  senwarren  democrats want to stop internet providers from blocking access  filtering content  or charging higher fees  i m speaking on…
it is no secret that i have been extremely frustrated that our committee has done nothing over the past year to add…
equal pay day tuesday thoughts i support  equal pay paycheck fairness act raise the wage…
nearly all middle and southwest georgia counties have been designated as drought response level 1
  realdonaldtrump s year of harsh rhetoric against drugmakers has been accompanied by 0 action  now  he s reversing…
attention a z vets  we re partnering w/  repraulgrijalva    arizonavets to connect vets  servicemembers  and family…
rt  newshour   facebook is no longer the company you started in your dorm room   says  repbobbyrush to mark zuckerberg in exchange on data…
congratulations to conor lamb  who became the newest member of congress when he was sworn in last night  i look forward to serving with you 
today  npr interviewed me about trump s tax plan  a blueprint for red ink 
a key step in addressing the opioid crisis is making sure people can safely dispose of unneeded medications  drug t…
 yet working-class  middle-class and upper-class americans all hold negative views of the tax-cut law  women who ha…
i am saddened to learn of the passing of former first lady barbara bush  her love of country and family  and her un…
rt  simonwdc  important work from these deeply talented members of congress  be sure to read  share  part of how we keep the internet hea…
6 months after maria - the blackouts  water shortages  and lack of supplies continue to hurt our fellow american citi…
we ve got the experts on our side   lacofd chief osby and medical director dr  kazan are here with me in sacramento…
if you  or someone you know  has questions about their daca status or eligibility  give rep  cicilline s office a c…
join my solutions only roundtable on trafficking - humans  drugs and illegal guns 
rt  cau   au president horace bumstead brought du bois to atlanta to establish a sociology program and to develop the university s curricul…
the flint water crisis is not an anomaly—what happened to flint is a warning to all americans  many communities are…
all of us should be able to live  work  and make decisions about our health and our future with dignity and economi…
it is - without question - our job to protect our schools  that s why i ve been working w/ local school officials …
rt  testudotimes  it really happened  maryland is 1-0 
john kelly s remarks about immigrants are ignorant  unfounded and unamerican  this country was founded by immigrant…
rt  nitalowey  an important monday afternoon read enough is enough ask m s d students
rt  waysmeanscmte  ranking member  reprichardneal is calling for bipartisan action on legislation that will strengthen health insurance and…
19 years ago  15 students and educators died in their classrooms in columbine  the students leading the…
the holiest day on the christian calendar is upon us  have a blessed and happy easter    resurrection sunday
international chart day
  housedemocrats want to invest in america s workers  we have a bold agenda that will provide working families with…
last week i had the honor of recognizing some of our outstanding public servants here in the valley  deputy alicia…
today is teacher appreciation day  teachers such as brigitte from stella schola are doing a fantastic job educating…
97% of all americans support universal background checks   in calling for them  i think the parkland students are s…
rt  repjohnlewis  50 years ago today  i learned the painful news that my friend  my mentor  dr  martin luther king  jr  had been assassinat…
today s ruling is a reminder that voter disenfranchisement is one of the gravest threats to american democracy  restore the v r a
have you filed your taxes yet  san diegans have until april 17th to file  but if you can t meet the deadline  reque…
as we have seen in parkland  las vegas and in many other horrific tragedies across our country  military-style weap…
rt  bluecollardems  mr  president  you seem to be confused  it s your job to grow american jobs  and to use the resources of our federal go…
on this day 14 years ago  congress debated military force in iraq  i was proud to stand with many central coast con…
for gop to claim nunes memo has nothing to do w/ undermining the russia investigation is an appalling lie  look at…
mark zuckerberg s congresswoman   facebook s platform was weaponized to do damage to our democracy  via  mercnews
i am pleased that epa recognizes the importance of the breton s cleaners brownfield project and will be providing a…
taking part in eagle scout court of honor ceremony held by boy scout troop 253 in flushing  always an honor to rec…
rt  therac  we will hold this space with song  with love  and with a commitment to dreamers  let my people stay  dwstweets  repsandylevin  …
idiot
the  hfacdemocrats hearing considered multiple bills including the israel security assistance authorization act  wh…
it was an honor to meet with dr  samuel stanley  president of  stonybrooku today  among the many things we discusse…
 we make a living by what we get  we make a life by what we give  - sir winston churchill givingtuesday
today   houseforeign heard from  statedept on the syrian civil war  one of greatest humanitarian crises of our time…
what would happen if your school closed due to a sharp drop in enrollment and students and their families remained…
his infrastructure plan is classic trump  boast of the grandeur when it s really not  then fizzle out like his fail…
 injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere   – mlk  jr  i am holding these wise words dear as we enter black history month
rt  voxdotcom  rep  anna eshoo   are you willing to change your business model in the interest of protecting individual privacy   zuckerb…
rt  oversightdems  here in congress  our attention should be on investigating how russia attacked our electoral process—not trying to prote…
and our  warriors are back in the western conference finals  strength in numbers
they will have the resources they need readily available to them so that they may advocate for themselves & their communities 
i m proud to kick off womens history month by honoring  doloreshuerta  a fearless champion for women s rights  immig…
rt  crampell    dleonhardt  democrats are the party of fiscal responsibility
rt  georgetownlaw  at our may 20 commencement ceremony  georgetown law will award honorary degrees to the hon   eleanornorton  d c  delegat…
starting soon at the grand in long beach  community hospital l b save our community hospital
rt  keithellison  remember  the flint water crisis wasn t a natural disaster  it was the consequence of politicians prioritizing tax giveaw…
  realdonaldtrump s decision to abdicate american leadership during a critical moment in our effort to advance a de…
proud to support this bipartisan legislation  protect dreamers
may is national foster care month  and i m proud to work with the congressional caucus on foster youth to make…
earnest  idealistic  pure    a breath of fresh air  not a word about himself  all about about america 
we just passed h res128 to support respect for human rights and promote inclusive governance in ethiopia  i will c…
every one deserves equal protection under the law  including transgender americans  as we celebrate…
i am honored to receive the  goparks park champion award  as ranking member on the house interior-environment appro…
jean was a personal friend & neighbor – she danced at my wedding & baked cookies with my kids  she was a passionate…
rt  housebudgetdems  ranking member  repjohnyarmuth on  cspan newsmakers   housedemocrats are committed to investing in our future by supp…
i am proud to stand in solidarity with puerto rico students  teachers and parents  basta ya enough with the…
it s  infraweek and now is the time to build  as nevada and las vegas continue to grow we will need to make much nee…
maurice hinchey was a legend in the hv & beyond – he deserves this recognition & more for his years of service to t…
cuts to  snap  hurt the most vulnerable members of society  our children  taking food away from children and familie…
at every turn   realdonaldtrump tries to drag us back to the past  watch his nominee for secretary of state try to…
we ll let the courts decide and i can assure you that i ll respect that decision 
rt  usatoday  nancy pelosi has been telling dreamer stories for 4 hours  and she s still talking
students interested in applying for a nomination to a military academy should attend u s  service academy informati…
  realdonaldtrump saying that he wants to  end the gravy train  on prescription drugs is rich  considering most of…
rt  usprogressives  congratulations to one of our founding members   repmaxinewaters on being named by  time as one of the world s most inf…
tomorrow — join me at a student town hall on gun violence at west haven high school 
further analysis of senate trumpcare 
i m sadden to hear of the passing of atascosa county commissioner freddie ogden  freddie was an outstanding man who…
some of these bills are ideas decades in the making  i hear time & time again from veterans across ct about how imp…
today only 10% of the people who need treatment are getting it  we are better than that  c a r e act
rt  vtanr  nice work vermont - the green mountain state was just named the greenest state in the country 
proud to be an original co-sponsor of the keep americans safe bill - limiting high capacity magazines & clips  congr…
i have been blessed to call dudley dudley a friend  and i have greatly admired her incredible public service and ac…
rt  bridgetgainer  loving this display of the red  white & blue   repschakowsky  repjayapal
rt  aquinaslearning  this was cool  congressman jim himes popped by the ferguson to talk about the entrepreneur in residence program i kick…
thread  in nj  deaths from heroin & fentanyl overdoses more than tripled in the last 5 years  that s tragic & unacc…
i had a great time meeting w/the leaders of the tenant task force at the mary ellen mccormack housing development a…
rt  demsespanol  el congresista  repdarrensoto  fl-09  asistió a la celebración del festival y desfile puertorriqueño de orlando dems at wor…
this bill will bring jobs to local communities by encouraging people to chase their dreams and start their own busi…
22 million people will lose care under the senate healthcare bill  see the cbo report here 
solutions only idea 4  we simply need more resources  at all levels  to tackle trafficking  support survivors and p…
i started off my day at the science academy in mercedes  tx  it was a pleasure to join south texas isd   
today  1   yosemitenps has a free earth day festival  10am to 2pm  at the valley visitor center 2   rideyarts is f…
arizona teachers and all public school teachers inspire the whole nation  thank a teacher 
mark zuckerberg s testimony before congress is a good step  but we must continue to press for diversity and inclusi…
rt  theview    meghanmccain and  repjoekennedy bond over the friendship between her father and his grand-uncle  ted kennedy  that crossed p…
congratulations  atlantafalcons  you worked  you played hard  and you made it happen  one more game to go  rise up
 a very low iq individual     -the man whose own cabinet calls him a moron  🤔
rt  fuelcell_energy  we thanked  repjohnlarson at c c a t s press conference for his support of the fuel cell industry and for advocating the…
rt  nancypelosi    epascottpruitt s tenure has been a part of the trump administration s culture of corruption  cronyism and incompetence …
the president should have kept his promise and allowed medicare to negotiate to lower drug prices  i m proud to be…
there is no such thing as a  good government shutdown    realdonaldtrump should be ashamed for suggesting that ds a…
big crowd on hand for tonight s art competition ceremony  always one of my favorite events of the year   oh 
rt  bellafaye30  thank you to  repjimmcdermott for speaking at au tonight  so proud to call you my congressmen  a utalksmalaria  nothingbut…
today we re holding a public hearing on the fbi s targeting of black activists through a new  black identity extrem…
thank you  heidimurkoff for the support  we all have the same goal  healthy and happy moms  kids and families  happ…
us district court judge michael j  davis  ret  shares his reflections on the life and contributions of clyde bellec…
happy national peanut day  georgia is again the leading u s  peanut producer  so let s celebrate today with some pe…
as co-chair of the national parks caucus  i firmly believe that we need to be protecting our monuments for all
the president launched another reckless outburst at north korea s leader  his irresponsible tweets could lead to wa…
one of the first things i learned  growing up in new york  is that on this day we are all irish  happy…
rt  bpcaction  we applaud  replahood &  replipinski for their work on restoring order to congress 
congrats to the winner of the 2018 congressional art competition  jaslyn ortiz of cloverdale high school  her piece…
 docstevegallon   the people who experience gun violence can t ride this wave because they ve been drowning in [it]…
tune it to see  bonnieerbe  larambrownphd  aews  higs118 & i discuss presidential politics  breast cancer & other…
grateful to  repsinema for her leadership on our bipartisan plan to protect dreamers  u s aact
  housegop should bring the paycheck fairness act to a vote  so all women in our nation can earn equalpay for equal work  latina equal pay
if this were a fire  we would bring water  if this were a virus  we would send medicine  if this were a storm  we would give shelter 
my thoughts and prayers are with those affected by today s terror attack in barcelona 
on this throwbackthursday  as  senduckworth & baby maile make history on the senate floor  i m reminded of my own…
today the supreme court is hearing arguments on janusv a f s c m e  we must ensure the rights of workers to organize whi…
rt  mattcorridoni  team  sethmoulton at the march for our lives in d c  - standing with the brave high schoolers from across the country sayi…
merry christmas to you and your families  sending warm wishes and thanks to those in our armed forces who are away…
pleased to speak at  utaustin s  thelbjschool today 
this was the right decision  i stand firmly behind nh s indonesian community  and my office will continue advocatin…
mail your vote by mail ballot today  you can return it to polling location on 11/6 but today is last day to mail & make sure it s counted 
join me at 1 30pmct/2 30pmet for a major announcement with  secelainechao &  usdot  concerning memphis &the future…
union membership provides workers leverage in an economy where employers hold almost all the power  that s what mak…
42% of gun owners bought their last firearm w/o a background check  background checks mean 63% fewer mass shootings…
american ppl fought to defend critical components of aca  but  potus wants to sabotages it from within  despicable 
by illegally bombing syria  president trump has once again denied the american people any oversight or accountabili…
i had a wonderful time at today s westchester celebrates israel 70 event  thank you   wjcouncil  israel70
yesterday was the six-month deadline since president trump ended  daca   since then  he s attacked tps and diversity…
thanks to  yvfwc lancaster family health center in salem for providing local and comprehensive family healthcare
my thoughts and prayers are with the family and friends of former woodbury mayor bill hargis  he was a visionary le…
excessive force is inexcusable  inaction after these incidents is inexcusable  law enforcement must do better  and…
impressed by great work of  servicesource1 clearwater s veterans mall to provide wounded warriors with opportunitie…
rt  repdankildee  four years later  flint families are still recovering from the water crisis and having to use filters & bottled water  in…
to all who are celebrating  shanah tovah  wishing you a happy  sweet and healthy new year
daniela  you are an incredibly special person who is making a positive difference in the lives of families across c…
  epascottpruitt got rid of epa employees who objected to him wasting taxpayer dollars and abusing his authority  o…
no better way to start the week than helping dozens of new americans take the oath of citizenship at  fergusonlib i…
here s how to know if you were one of the 87 million facebook users whose data was breached
looking forward to our facebook town hall with  senatorcarper tonight   7pm  we ll take questions during the event…
today   tedlieu and i introduced legislation to clarify responsibilities and increase oversight of global engagemen…
my thoughts and prayers are with congresswoman louise slaughter s family and friends  it was an honor to serve alo…
a former small biz owner & ranking member of small biz subcommittee on contracting & the workforce  i know the importance of small biz to us
a1  immigration is a pivotal women s rights issue  that s why i m proud to be co-chair & founder of the women s wor…
ellie schmidt & her family stopped by to talk w me about possible cuts to medicaid during the speak now for kids fa…
 scotus  ruling on sports betting is a win for nj & our entire country  i have long believed that nj should have the…
 there is too much at stake for congress to continue playing these partisan games w/ programs that affect americans…
in honor of courtlin arrington  age 17  of huffman high school in birmingham al i joined the students for today s…
i was concerned moving the us embassy to jerusalem could provoke further unrest in the region  i have long advocate…
congresswoman louise slaughter was a passionate advocate for her constituents and dogged in her determination to do…
4  the bill breaks president trump s promise to end the carried interest loophole for fund managers  g o p tax scam
with earth day approaching i ll be holding a facebook live q & a on our fight against offshore drilling  tweet me y…
rt  mmconthehill    repyvetteclarke   repcardenas  and 37 dems sent a letter to the  thejusticedept urging them to block sinclair s dramati…
proud to cosponsor  repjeffdenham s bipartisan queen of the hill rule to allow for debate on legislation to…
as turmoil reigns in the west wing  the president must be reminded that any attempt to impede or interfere with the…
 potus however  the  57 000 that hhs officials say is currently in the public health emergency fund is a grossly insufficient dollar amount 
2nd best female rap collaboration  foxy brown - ain t no jay z demonstrates beyond a reasonable doubt why we came…
rt  nypd30pct  what a wonderful mother s day celebration  thank you district leader norma campusano for the recognition and for organizing…
a great afternoon celebrating the ribbon cutting of the winnemac park & amundsen high school baseball diamond refu…
rt  aslavitt  if you re wealthy the government will subsidize your property health care  if you re low-income  we re going to stop if you g…
rt  housebluedogs   reploucorrea  repcharliecrist  repstephmurphy  repjoshg gov t reform & accountability   repohalleran  repschrader leadi…
was so pleased that one of the loudest voices on social media over the martin luther king weekend was all about res…
rt  legalaidnyc  we re at city hall with  nydiavelazquez   repjeffries   repespaillat and others denouncing  hudgov secretary ben carson s…
pruitt has demonstrated himself to be as corrupt as he is dishonest  and it is clear that he remains incapable of l…
happy birthday to my birthday buddy  rep   bobbyscott  i can t think of a better person with whom to share my birthday 
team clark is ready to play-win-and support the incredible work of  bgcstoneham  see you wednesday on the field …
we all know someone who is touched by the opioidepidemic  while we continue to work in congress for ways to combat…
last night we found out pruitt s questionable morocco trip may have actually cost taxpayers more than  100 000  mo…
at a time when twenty veterans a day are taking their lives  it also includes a provision i led to expand access to…
i congratulate the participants of  turnaroundarts  and hope these critical programs will continue in  hidoe808 schools  turnaround arts
the  wcchamberca accepts outstanding individuals from around the county to its leadership contra costa  llc  progra…
protect your family w/ a plan that covers essential health benefits like er services & newborn care ➡️https //t co/422qiinka5 get covered
open enrollment is 6 weeks shorter this year  november 1 to december 15  don t miss your chance to get covered …
the  usedgov has a responsibility to protect all students – regardless of sexual orientation or gender identity  re…
thank you  scotus  for ruling in favor of diversity & equal opportunity in higher education  every student deserves a chance to succeed 
rt  indefchristians  idc presents  bradsherman w/ the 2018 idc congressional champion award for his constant support for armenian genocide r…
rt  silverrj99  great meeting with  repgregorymeeks who supports the coalition building work of the muslim-jewish advisory council 
today  the 6th court of appeals is hearing arguments in hamama v  adducci  i filed an amicus brief w/ repdankildee …
i am so honored to be the new co-chair of the bipartisan congressional arts caucus  the arts are a great way to bri…
rt  hispaniccaucus    realdonaldtrump  since you ended  daca   democrats & republicans in both the house & senate have introduced at least 1…
icymi  i firmly believe that threatened or endangered species should not be killed for sport  so it was incredibly…
community health centers are uniquely situated to gather data from a wide variety of economic  racial  and geograph…
proud & heartbroken to join my colleagues on the house floor to celebrate the life & legacy of louise slaughter  sh…
sometimes you have to get in the way and get in good trouble  necessary trouble  to make a way out of noway  goodtrouble
as chair of the texas democratic congressional delegation  it has been an honor to serve with my colleagues in   
rt  telegraphherald    repcheri donates books from  librarycongress at eastdubuque district library
you cannot hide the truth from the sick  the elderly  the disabled for whom this bill may mean life or death  all t…
rt  sbgc2c    repkihuen   what we re seeing right now is the president has been dividing not only our country but the rest of the world   n…
the republican farm bill will make it harder for families to put food on the table  while doing nothing to help str…
happening now   epascottpruitt before  energycommerce committee  watch live 
rt  frankpallone  administrator pruitt has brought secrecy  conflicts of interest and scandal to the epa  in any other administration  rep…
i agree with  senjohnmccain  it is time we work together through regular order to recognize what works in health care & fix what doesn t 
the iran deal was much better than president trump thinks  he is making a big mistake by withdrawing from it  this…
rt  johndingell  i shouldn t be busier than the president 
rt  housebudgetdems  we ll be livestreaming the second public hearing of the joint select committee on budget and appropriations process re…
my office is closely monitoring the canyon fire   vandenberg air force base  thanks to our brave firefighters for their coordinated efforts 
my heart goes out to the family of congresswoman  louiseslaughter  a dedicated advocate for our nation s values  he…
if only there was a constitutional clause that blocked this type of  quid pro quo  by prohibiting the president fro…
russia is not waiting for the trump administration to come up with a  coherent strategy  before attacking our democ…
click here to tell the supreme court that we demand marriage equality -
rt  nowthisnews   fight for your lives  before it is someone else s job   — these girls are the future
great to meet with st  joseph s health and adventist health about the great work they are doing to keep our communi…
to be better stewards of taxpayers  money  we need to end congressional perks and funds for promotional mass mailin…
  seanhannity is so into this  like a pig in the mud  he can t get out of it and i think he deserves to be fired  h…
we served  az09  residents at mobile office hours in mesa  couldn t attend  call us for help  602-956-2285 
climatechange is real & i am encouraged by this step by  govmurphy to follow the paris accord  act on climate
rt  geoffreyphilp   cbrangel thank you  sir  this means a lot to me coming from you as one of the original crusaders for pardon marcus garve…
when we have decent  affordablehomes & stable communities living for our area improves  our homes our voices
i ll be visiting our new train station this afternoon to unveil it  displayed for all visitors to see  it will be a…
the meeting between kim and president moon was promising  and we hope for progress towards the goal of denuclearization 
today  i took to the house floor to decry  speakerryan s constant effort to undermine programs that help americans…
this is a gross dereliction of duty by the hpsci majority — ignoring evidence from as far back as 2015 if russian h…
rt  nancypelosi  no matter how you look at it  the reality is that the billionaires first tax plan will explode the debt   cnnsotu 
special counsel robert mueller should be able to finish his work without interference of any kind  i encourage my c…
watch now as  speakerryan learns the hard way  don t mess with the jesuits 
trump is trying to turn title x from a program that helps low income families receive healthcare  to one that promo…
excited to be hosting the second florida ports caucus meeting of the year   rephastingsfl  reprutherfordfl
rt  radiofreetom  federal agency  kellyanne conway and nikki haley violated federal law trump admin  these things happen  it s not a big de…
i ll stay in session as long as it takes to get a real deal to reopen the government  because unlike…
rt  militaryofficer  col  robert hill met with  repesty today as m o a a storms  thanks for taking the time  congresswoman  why i storm never s…
rt  washingtonpost  opinion  have you noticed how poor people are bankrupting the government  neither have we 
our solano county finalist is stephanie simbol from jesse bethel high school for her piece  precedent   2/4 
kudos to ica miami  miami-dade college  miami light project inc   and miami-dade county department of cultural affa…
with a bipartisan approach  we can close the skills gap and grow our economy by investing in skills training and ed…
sharing the latest information from washington  dc with the south county economic development council and south bay…
congratulations to my summer 2017 intern  hadeel abdallah  on being named a 2018 truman scholar  the prestigious…
phone scams are no joke & can do serious harm – & now there s a new twist  scammers are using caller ids that look…
the republican farm bill cuts nearly  20 billion from  snap   america s most effective anti-hunger program  our nati…
  potus is threatening to deport the dreamers if he doesn t get  18 billion in taxpayer money for his wall  i m no…
thank you   1cstrip  it s an honor and privilege to work for you and this remarkable community  i l02 proud
today marks the beginning of the holy month of ramadan  a time for spiritual renewal and reflection in the muslim c…
this  politico article goes deep into what we already knew   realdonaldtrump responded more urgently in texas than…
we ve got to work to ensure that minorities are better represented in companies and c-suites too  that s why…
so  to recap  the republicans  plan to fight poverty is preventing low-income women from accessing contraception  b…
we must speak with one voice in condemnation of the bigoted hatred and violence on display in charlottesville 
rt  janschakowsky  remembering my dear friend  louiseslaughter today  here we are in 2013 at seneca falls in her district for  nancypelosi …
rt  repjayapal  my colleagues and i write to the senate  at the cia  gina haspel oversaw torture and participated in evidence destruction …
it s no secret that fixing our nation s crumbling roads  bridges  and railroads remain a priority for both sides of…
i just sent a letter to acting dhs sec  elaine c  duke urging her to extend  tps  for haitian nationals for 18 months
rt  repdonbeyer  yet another reason scott pruitt shouldn t be at the head of the epa  this administration has taken step after step to give…
i m proud of my community for stepping up and demanding change to end gun violence  san bernardino has shown time an…
rt  fairfoodnetwork   by supporting successful programs like michigan s double up food bucks  we are increasing the purchasing power for fa…
wishing  senatorreid a speedy recovery 
i take the issue very seriously & my office has a long-standing  zero tolerance policy for such behavior  i require…
it s housing week of action and i m proud to support affordable housing that provides shelter  increases access to…
did you have coverage through for 2017  you will need to sign up again before december 15 t…
 this court should not establish a precedent inviting discrimination against historically marginalized communities…
this is good news but our work is far from over  we must move immediately to stabilize the marketplace and pass my…
loved meeting future hofer and merciless yankee killer big papi  davidortiz with  repespaillat  but informed him ou…
busy day today but it was fueled by the bestcornedbeefhashever  thanks to laura and the team at hudson point cafe…
today i met with the  naahq to discuss infrastructure  cyber security  and reauthorizing the national flood insuran…
  epascottpruitt is putting dirty polluters ahead of people s health  he s also wasting taxpayer s hard-earned doll…
rt  foxbusiness    repgaramendi on the u s  withdrawing from the iran nuclear deal   this is going to be a very  very difficult geopolitica…
thread  i hosted a gunsafety roundtable at highland regional high school today  here s what a few students said    1/6
rt  cteworks   thank you  reproybalallard for discussing the importance of changing the perception of career-based education during house l…
rt  waysandmeansgop    repkevinbrady   repjimmcdermott introduce bipartisan bill to combat medicare fraud
today  i spoke in education and workforce committee markup in full support of h r  5963  the supporting youth   
there continue to be reports of lead contaminated water throughout nj  including in many schools  i have introduced…
 epascottpruitt your denial of climate science is also profoundly disturbing  withdrawing from the paris climate ag…
in 2016 more than 1 in 6 latinos lived in poverty  we need an economic future that works for everyone  hispanic heritage month
rt  oversightdems  happening now  all oversight democrats urge gowdy to subpoena documents on census bureau s concerns about citizenship qu…
rt  mayorofla    lacityparks is partnering with  lasbest to offer free programming at 20 recreation centers for children and families from…
6 months after maria congress should provide more funds to rebuild puerto rico -- current funding still falls short o…
congratulations to all the  hssef2018  winners and everyone student and school who participated  your hard work and…
today i visited  argonne as part of a  housescience delegation  i help oversee facilities like argonne  which chan…
rt  houseradiotv  news conference   repmaxinewaters   repjerrynadler   repraskin et al in support of special counsel robert mueller  access…
the lies & the deception continue  more important than ever that we protect the integrity of the mueller investiga…
congratulations  eileen  a historic moment for the city of lowell  we are so fortunate to have you in this role a…
proud to join  reppaultonko  repebj & 60  of our colleagues calling for a 90-day comment period on epa s proposed  …
today  i am joining a bipartisan group of members to introduce the medical cannabis research act  this bill prevent…
congratulations   houlahanforpa  that s leadership that can win in november 
many people can t afford to take the unpaid leave guaranteed by the family & medical leave act  that s why i m cosp…
rt  wusa9  without hesitation  maryland s  repanthonybrown says the us isn t doing enough for puerto rico off script on9
dreamers and their families are living in uncertainty and fear every day congress fails to act  we must…
we must work together to pass a bipartisan year-long budget and reopen the government immediately 
always inspired by our central m a students  congrats to inahah alam  a student at alhuda academy in worcester who…
reports that paul manafort was promising employment in the trump administration in return for loans are extremely t…
proud that stevens point fire dept was awarded a  98k grant to buy 6 cpr machines  fed/local gov working together t…
rt  ncpssm  we are on facebook live now with rep  joe kennedy iii  p2  repjoekennedy
 potus  views on haitian and african immigrants are ignorant and offensive on so many levels  immigrants from hait…
i stand with new yorkers who go to planned parenthood for health care  and oppose the trump administration s attack…
  realdonaldtrump s trade war with china is going to have a massive and negative impact on illinois farmers 
thank you to everyone who stands up for a woman s right to choose  all women deserve the right to health care …
wishing  flotus melania trump a speedy  easy  full recovery 
the  uscg is underfunded   customsborder says a wall won t work   dhsgov reports a majority of undoc immigrants ar…
the trump administration s removal of  tps  for hondurans in the u s  is unconscionable & will tear families apart …
i posted a new photo to facebook
joined bipartisan group of nj lawmakers to stand against letter by 27 gop members of congress trying to take away g…
loebsack statement on the state of the union address
people are still dying in puerto rico from causes that are directly related to hurricane maria s impact  and more t…
great to have  nashuafire chief brian rhodes in dc to discuss the safe stations program & efforts to address the op…
 there s nothing more noble than fighting the good fight for the american people   president obama to the bicameral…
rt  repwilson  the flint water crisis can t be allowed to happen elsewhere  congress can—and must—make critical investments in water infras…
 irs  reminder  approximately  95 745 100 in unclaimed refunds are pending for taxpayers in california who didn t f…
republicans are not the party of  family values   there s no value in policies that lead to more hunger  more homel…
north korea s reckless & incendiary behavior is unacceptable & must not be tolerated  nuclear
it s open enrollment for covered ca  our state s health insurance marketplace  see how you can get covered 
rt  sbcountysheriff  we would also like to honor deputy chief lana tomlin  who was recently promoted to assistant sheriff  chief tomlin is…
rt  clarkcountysch  and the winners of the 2018 congressional arts awards from  rubenkihuen congressional district 4  thanks to  ccsdpartne…
rt  housenewdems  last week the financial services committee voted to approve  repjohndelaney s legislation to protect the credit scores of…
gearupworks / congrats  
watch my press conference live to learn how  potus s budget proposal for fy 2018 and the ahca affect tx-34
fattah moment in congress - brain science / health / 7 billion investment
i just commemorated the  eagles with an official entry into congressional record  now their super bowl victory will…
the p r o s p e ract fails to promote equality in higher education  i had a great conversation with  ucsantabarbara stud…
hey south bay  heading to the  dodgers game tomorrow  save money and ride metro s free dodger stadium express  less…
rt  usrepkcastor  voting on amendment by  nydiavelazquez to waive local cost-share  ensure fed gov t will cover 100% eligible costs of hurr…
rt  latpoliticsca  no  california s  sanctuary state  law does not allow the release of dangerous criminals to the streets
our valley town hall meeting scheduled for sunday  january 21 from 3 00-4 30 pm at reseda h s  will still take plac…
i am saddened to hear that jennifer riordan  a fellow community member from albuquerque  has passed  my heart goes…
rt  ala_wo  thanks to the sponsors for their work and commitment to advancing this important legislation   greggharper   repbrady   rodneyd…
i m honored to have earned a perfect score on the 2017 l c v scorecard  i will continue fighting to protect new mexic…
i m proud to stand in solidarity with the mn state building & construction trades  let s rebuild america  they re t…
tennessee ranks at the bottom in voter participation  it s time we change that  project register t n
  statedept u s  amb mexico  jacobson_rs embodies the best of our diplomatic corps  she has has been a steady voic…
rt  allisonsherry     amyklobuchar says 11 people really understand the farm bill  10 are in north dakota and the 11th is  collinpeterson
talk is cheap  look at  realdonaldtrump s budget & actions of gop congress to see how they really feel about gun sa…
looking forward to being on  850koanewsroom in a few minutes to talk about why i believe the mueller investigation…
this bill supports our troops  it gives them a pay increase   and  it rejects a pay increase for members of congress like me  
rt  oversightdems    washingtonpost reported   gowdy said there were trump-related matters that he did see falling within the  gopoversight…
the pope was quite critical of your party s approach to the poor and needy  right there on the floor of the house …
it s unacceptable that harmful efforts to dismantle va from both inside & outside the  whitehouse are having a chil…
rt  housejuddems  🚨  breaking  🚨 democratic members call for hearings to investigate threat to u s  voting infrastructure in order to secur…
we must have a thoughtful and deliberate discussion on matters this serious  we must also work as an international…
i was privileged to join with my colleagues  repjoseserrano &  repgutierrez to work on this memorial saluting the g…
another exhibit in the case against guns in schools 
rt  psscares  rep  charles rangel  cbrangel  commends pss circle of care for its efforts to create a structured network for our city s ca…
these investments are key to strong families & communities  job creation  & economic growth  also  the fy18 omnibus…
this saturday my office will be holding a passport fair with the  usps and the community affairs and resource cente…
trump restricting women s access to birth control is another effort to use the govt to tell women how to live their…
i strongly urge the vietnamese authorities to release nguyen ngoc nhu quynh immediately and unconditionally 
rt  derricknaacp  judge rules in favor of  naacp daca lawsuit our nation made a promise to protect undocumented y…
there was another tragic shooting yesterday  as we pray for the victims and their families  we must adopt common-se…
congrats to kevin boykin  ceo of  path_tec for being named 2017 ga small business person of the year by  sbagov 
rt  team_mitch  thanks for playing   donblankenship  w v sen
so-called president regularly lies to american people but henchmen care about alleged lack of candor  we will rid a…
looking forward to seeing you on the campaign trail as i seek re-election 
  speakerryan says tax relief is about middle class  but with 38m potentially seeing a tax increase in 2023  that s…
nunes memo irrelevant to the credibility of mueller and investigation of trump collusion says ryan  this memo is no…
 calpoly produces some of the best viticulture talent on the central coast  it was great to meet with students in t…
rt  ianbremmer  for kim jong un  denuclearization of the korean peninsula also means no us troops in s korea  no  nuclear umbrella  
rt  news4buffalo   repbrianhiggins posted this photo on instagram  which shows buffalo police lt  craig lehner being recognized at the 37…
lowey   repeliotengel   repseanmaloney announce  3 6 million federal grant for westchester county buses --&gt  🚌🚌🚌
just sent a letter to  ajitpaifcc  requesting to address the  fcc at thursday s open meeting  net neutrality is on…
proud to get the support of the sd chamber of commerce for my bill to increase healthcare opportunities for disable…
enjoyed meeting with rockdale county commission chairman oz nesbitt today in washington 
rt  housedemwomen  women of color must work even longer to catch up to what white men made in 2017 ⬇️ -black women must work until august…
peter s statement on the lack of dedicated broadband funding in president trump s infrastructure proposal 
congratulations to doug jones on his senate victory  we may not agree on every issue but he will serve the people o…
  epascottpruitt s pattern of unethical and industry-friendly behavior goes back years  a must read 
rt  cmcelroy5  thank you to my own congressman and  shedd_aquarium congressman  repdannydavis for your time today and your continued suppor…
 realdonaldtrump  interior  secretaryzinke   secretaryzinke  your task is to protect  preserve & use resources wise…
rt  roslehtinen  such a pleasure to be recognized alongside  repgutierrez by  weareunidosus at their annual cap awards18  thank you for thi…
wilson foster was a trailblazing barrier-breaker who selflessly dedicated himself to his community and city  he wil…
did trump propose steel tariffs in cynical effort to prevent republicans from losing special election in pittsburgh…
preparing to file your taxes or issuing a claim with the irs doesn t have to be stressful and my office may be abl…
our democracy was attacked by a foreign adversary and our  potus s admiration of vladimir putin has left it vulnerable   1/3 
looking forward to joining the  prosecutorsagv to discuss the urgent need to pass the  gvro  act 
rt  chubailiang  china s second aircraft carrier -- its first domestically made carrier -- left dock on sunday  chinese media say it will s…
rt  housedemocrats    repmaxinewaters is a fighter for social justice and stands as an example of what can happen when you make some good t…
great to see young vermonters making their voices heard 
so excited to hear about the new biomass project at  mclbalbany that will help the base reach net zero energy status
great time speaking with seniors about social security  healthcare  and more at the 22nd annual senior concerns ral…
rt  civilrightsorg  it s shocking that  in the year 2018  wendy vitter refused to say whether a unanimous supreme court did the right thing…
thank you  healthmyne for taking the time to show me your offices in madison  wisconsin  the lasting differences yo…
rt  dberrygannett     officialcbc members  reps  davis and fudge  held copies of  at the dark end of the street  black women  rape and resi…
thrilled to learn that for the 10th time   aflac has made  blackenterprise list of 50 best companies for diversity 
did you know the aca has helped spur a nearly 50% decline in personal bankruptcy filings since it was signed into l…
 jim_brunner technically  it didnt
peter s statement on the federal budget agreement approved early this morning by congress 
we must resist  realdonaldtrump slamming doors on refugees  innocent people  and men and women who have made sacrifices for our country 
promesa cumple con esa norma 
  housegop  handing millionaires and corporations kickbacks one day  while making massive cuts to medicare  medicai…
 cathymcmorris and i will be hosting the military family summit on oct  17 at the  infantrymuseum in columbus  ga 
had some great submissions for congressional art competition  stay tuned - winner will be announced soon 
this christmas eve my thoughts are with our brave servicemembers overseas away from their families  please keep the…
reminder  today  the  uscensusbureau is hosting a free webinar for world trade month at 2 00 pm cdt   read more her…
rt  housenewdems  welcome to the new dem coalition   congressmanruiz 
great to meet with  ppgnhi today  and also great to see a spokane judge halt the trump administration s arbitrary a…
republicans have dismantled net neutrality  saddling consumers with higher costs and less choice  throttling compet…
on saturday  i was honored to congratulate six new eagle scouts  while i never made it to eagle rank  i am proud of…
shocked and saddened by the fatal amtrak crash in south carolina  as we pray for those harmed and their families  t…
yesterday  i had the incredible honor of nominating 10 young constituents to our nation s service academies  join m…
video  loebsack questions epa administrator pruitt s commitment to rfs
rt  abc7newsbayarea  the trump administration wants the epa to roll back emission standards put into effect during the obama administration…
today  we announce an ambitious new addition to our plan to give america a better deal 
today   als  advocates are on capitol hill asking for policies that will improve the lives of people with als and in…
rt  justicereform  no rest for the weary  we have moved from the senate to the house  we have a packed room for our second briefing on the…
congress is debating the republican tax bill that raises taxes on middle class families to pay for a huge giveaway…
don t be too old nor serious to have fun in life  happy halloween
fact  trump s 2019 budget cuts  665 million from the substance abuse and mental health administration 
  abqcity revamped civic plaza just in time to celebrate for earth day  come check out all of the new family friend…
rt  johnwdean  can rudy explain why trump s lawyer michael cohen got  500 000 from company tied to a russia mogul  not to mention millions…
rt  farmpolicy  audio - -  collinpeterson on today s  agritalk radio program w mike adams- farm bill -  mp3- 10 18 
more donations are rolling in for care packages for overseas servicemembers through  helpusatroops  you can drop of…
with 1 in 7 americans age 65 or older  it s more important than ever to ensure our seniors are empowered to live th…
rt  repjohnyarmuth  a statement on the ongoing violence in gaza from me   janschakowsky   repdavideprice   replloyddoggett   repblumenauer …
rt  jciv   mr  cohen s companies would buy a building  often in cash  soon after  they would flip the building in another all-cash deal for…
if you had trouble following the evening s news or thought 2018 was too calm a year  read this thread 
rt  rweingarten  glad  amprnet could take  rosadelauro   repgracemeng and others to schools in puerto rico  they are centers of community a…
rt  senmarkey  live  today is the net neutrality national day of action   senatedems and  housedemocrats are joining forces with innovators…
today begins national police week  when we honor and recognize our law enforcement officers for all they do every da…
rt  policy  the  fcc should stand up for the consumers it represents and protect net neutrality on december 14 
happy 4th of july  wishing everyone a fun and safe holiday as we celebrate our nation s 240th birthday 
new on langevin hits the rhode  i joined a group of talented students at the 35th annual rhode island academic decath…
rt  oversightdems   repcummings  replynch   repcummings  replynch to chairman gowdy  issue subpoenas to compel the wh/hhs to finally produc…
rt  davidhogg111  i will be retweeting this everyday until may 29th  we have had over 100 schools sign up just on the first day this was po…
rt  southkcchamber  manny abarca from  repcleaver  s office talks about activity in dc  leg breakfast
april 3rd is not  punish a muslim  day  there should not and will be no such day  ever  love a muslim
his answer  no 
lowey to  sgottliebfda  given fda s responsibility to regulate roughly 75% of food supply & implement new food safe…
here in los angeles  ktla will become a sinclair station soon if sinclair gets what it wants  watch la in these map…
my thanks to hospital leadership and their staff for taking proactive steps to build on their already impressive re…
in commemorating the 43rd anniversary of the fall of saigon  we remember that the americans and vietnamese whose li…
getting it done 
rt  repjayapal  the g o p tax scam is a thinly-veiled attack on the initiatives that millions of americans count on every day  including medic…
after joining the student-led marches this past saturday  i was proud to see young people demonstrating with a spir…
rt  nprhealth  hospitals in states that expanded medicaid less likely to close
 realdonaldtrump america s constitution and rule of law aren t a partisan issue  they aren t a joke 
horrifying  hate has no place in our community  i m glad law enforcement officials are acting swiftly to ensure tha…
rt  nancypelosi  republicans should think twice before voting for the g o p tax scam  trickle down didn t work before  it won t work now  and…
joined by my colleagues this morning  i told reporters that  by pulling out of the iran deal  president trump has u…
rt  oversightdems  now in  top dems request ig investigation of illegal hiring allegations at justice department 
rt  lauraoften   capuano4senate cast my vote for you today  good luck and do us proud  // you bet laura  thanks for your support  masen
racial hatred like  stevekingia s is what motivated  potus s mass deportation policy 
there is no logic in letting banks engage in the same speculative activity that took down the economy in 2008  yet …
fact  black students  boys  and students with disabilities are disproportionately disciplined in k-12 public school…
 lgbtq  kids experience disproportionate levels of harassment and abuse just for being themselves
let s go huskies   uconnwbb final four
preventing iran from obtaining a nuclear bomb is critical to national and global security  the conversation about h…
 senbobcorker it will take us years to come back from just these 11 months  investigations need to continue  but th…
rt  whiphoyer  on the 4 year anniversary of the flint water crisis  families there are still using filters & bottled water  the crisis is n…
rt  housesbcdems  small businesses and entrepreneurs want to see their taxes simplified  however  just 7% of small businesses who thought t…
alert  alert  alert  house jud comm chair bob  repgoodlatte is taking steps to make it easier for trump to fire dep…
icymi  we ve been able to get the job done for arizona businesses and arizona families by coming together and worki…
during womens history month i am proud of  starbucks commitment to achieve 100% pay equity for women and men   peopl…
actually  dan  i think the 20 indictments  multiple guilty pleas by senior campaign managers  national security adv…
 epascottpruitt no matter what  epascottpruitt does to prioritize the profits of big fossil fuel & chemical corpora…
i m encouraging high school students on the central coast to apply for the 2018 congressional art competition  lear…
legalizing marijuana will create jobs  increase desperately needed tax revenue for state and local governments  and…
when womensucceed  america succeeds  this equal pay day  let s recommit to ending pay disparity once & for all 
i know how important healthcare is for the constituents of  la02  and i want to make sure you get covered starting…
let s stand in solidarity with the lgbtq community against hate  gun violence & terrorism pray for orlando
 drovell2  johndiazchron 🙄
rt  housedemocrats  the trump administration is gutting the  cfpb  putting american consumers at risk 
rt  caucusonclimate  this administration has led an all-out assault to scrub important climate change information from federal websites  it…
proud that my bill  h r  5236 passed the house today & will help employee-owned businesses such as co-ops secure ac…
team fudge was more than happy to lend a couple of hands  keep akron beautiful
rt  juansaaa    repjayapal  playing with the lives of dreamers is wrong  we will hold the line   repzoelofgren  we cannot leave town  was…
i don t believe the president had the authority to order this strike and escalate a long standing conflict without…
fantastic turnout for best of reston tonight  a celebration of investment in the dignity and worth of every human b…
more evidence of the cruel racial injustice of the failed prohibition of marijuana  congress can & should act by pa…
as teachers around our nation have taken collective action to better their lives and the lives of their communities…
congress must act to pass legislation that brings down costs  expands access & improves quality  read more about st…
rt  verifiedvoting  thank you  repjimcooper for advocating for backup paper ballots to further election security in your home state of tenn…
rt  hfacdemocrats  rm  repeliotengel s statement on the release of the state dept  human rights report 
 nobody is tougher on the russia than trump   says  realdonaldtrump  which is true  depending on which trump he mea…
are you a young entrepreneur   sbagov s mentor-protégé programs can help connect you with experienced contractors t…
congratulations to my colleague and friend  eileendonoghue on being named lowell s first female city manager in a u…
rt  housejuddems  rm  repjerrynadler    jacksonleetx18  repcohen intro d the bipartisan special counsel independence & integrity act to ens…
 breaking   i am leading a coalition of 16 attorneys general to defend the  aca  against federal lawsuit filed in…
trump shutdown fact  roughly 850 000 people will be furloughed as a direct result of the government shutdown  it wi…
hey   realdonaldtrump  in iowa  wind = 17 000 good jobs by 2020  and that s no hot air  wind works
to all of our team u s a athletes competing in the pyeong chang2018 winter olympics  including our san joaquin valley…
another day  another scandal  another resignation in disgrace  not clear these people could organize a two car fune…
if true  these disturbing reports suggest a reckless disregard for american interests and a blatant violation of th…
a kansas schoolgirl who became an american hero  grateful to linda brown for standing up to injustice and moving a…
rt  repadamschiff  china backs trump project in indonesia to tune of  500 million  trump backs china with fix for zte  a company that has c…
proud to have supported this major step forward in women s healthcare 
another gop bill on the floor today would severely hinder the  ftc s ability to challenge proposed corporate merger…
eight years ago today  pres  obama signed the affordable care act into law  in 2010  48 million americans lacked he…
congratulations to yejun oh from mills high school for winning the congressional art competition for his beautiful p…
rt  clyburn  tune in live  starting soon  souls to enroll souls2 enroll
watch my discussion with  anacabrera on  cnn about the tangled web of lies trump finds himself caught in  the need…
rt  demsespanol  en ocasión del small business week  los congresistas  repdwightevans  pa-02  y  nydiavelazquez  ny-07   miembro de alto ran…
commend mspb & judge schroeder for ruling in favor of sherry chen & recommending her employment be reinstated by th…
sorry to hear that  saba  one example is a requirement in the omnibus spending bill that passed a few weeks ago tha…
proud to announce that the strengthening protections for social security beneficiaries act was signed into law toda…
proud to have joined 89 other house democrats in sending a letter urging omb director mulvaney and agriculture secr…
being thankful for our teachers is not enough  america s educators determine the shape of our country for years to…
rt  globalhealthorg  strong health systems that are responsive and nimble are also strong health systems that are capable of improving glo…
 icymi   i haven t given up my fight to prevent cruel acts against animals for entertainment  there is no reason the…
rt  cruickshank  the great  repjayapal writes an excellent op-ed on homelessness  housing  and head tax   we might not need the head tax if…
happy new year  wishing everyone a happy and healthy 2018 
rt  repdonbeyer  this is americans  consumer watchdog  sabotaged by the trump administration 
excited to be at  dpc18  to discuss how to best equip the young people across delaware with the skills they need to…
i joined my colleagues today to say times up and to show solidarity with the women who have said metoo  no woman s…
i bet  realdonaldtrump and his buddies are happy it s tax day 
rt  repbarbaralee  read my  psiimpact op ed w/  roslehtinen &  repjimmcdermott on importance of  pepfar  frontline health workers
rt  techdirt  techdirt podcast episode 153  an interview with rep  zoe lofgren
thank you to everyone who attended tonight s open house in stockton  looking forward to seeing many more of you at…
in feb   my bill with  susanwbrooks became law authorizing safe sport  which will help protect the nation s athlete…
rt  officialcbc  well  we ve turned that policy document into a comprehensive 1 300-page bill called the jobs and justice act of 2018  if…
a new  istcoalition report shows that illinois university startups have more than doubled in the last 5 years  th…
friends -- see my statement on senator-elect  gdouglasjones  right side of history
republicans and democrats agree that we can t wait any longer to protect dreamers  i m proud that 240 members of th…
creativity doesn t care about zip codes  by taking these steps  we can unleash the economic potential of americans…
rt  repperlmutter    realdonaldtrump has refused to hold russia accountable for attacking our democracy  i m cosponsoring a bill to require…
rt  repdonbeyer  19 years ago a shooting at columbine high school took 13 lives  it was a horror with many sequels as our gun laws got weak…
here we go again - america is looking at another budget deadline  it s time for the  housegop to put an end to thei…
happy birthday justice ginsburg 
rt  repdonbeyer  this is a big deal  pruitt s chief of staff tried to  screen  materials before epa investigators could review them  leadi…
aircraft noise is a serious problem  take a look at my testimony before the t-hud subcommittee on appropriations wh…
quiero dejar claro q la oposición a esta legislación está basada en información errónea  en borradores previos y en pura semántica 
congressman cedric  la-02  gives floor remarks re  h r  2874  the 21st century flood reform act  via  youtube
congress must change the law  i support bills that eliminate the hush fund  require proper disclosure of such settl…
rt  repadamschiff  breaking  gop just shut down house intel investigation  leaving questions unanswered  leads unexplored  countless witnes…
rt  repcardenas  sinclair was forced into the national spotlight when  deadspin s  bubbaprog made a video splicing up different anchors say…
classic pruitt  rather than give documents requested by members of congress to show whether he acted appropriately …
this international womens day we celebrate the incredible women whose resilience sparked change and broke barriers 
tomorrow  i ll be participating in the  officialcbc s twitter town hall on community policing and police accountabi…
proud to be an original cosponsor of  davidcicilline s bill banning bump stocks  it s a small but commonsense step…
it s never too late to celebrate the  astros world series championship  members of the texas delegation had a great…
the findings of this survey are concerning  on holocaust remembrance day  we remember the millions that were murdere…
rt  repbecerra  inaction is a choice for  housegop  millions of lives are on the line  it s time to do your job on zika 
this hearing is an important part of helping restore the public s trust in government  mahalo  senbrianschatz…
my bill would use our tax code to allow school buildings to qualify for a tax credit in order to fix our crumbling…
great town hall meeting last night in santa fe  thanks to all those who took time to attend 
the  gop  with  potus s approval  is fixated on repealing the aca—commonly known as obamacare—to the detriment of our most vulnerable 
glad to see cecilia gómez return home safely to her sons and a supportive community 
the 2018 farm bill presents the opportunity to strengthen valley agriculture & our nation s food policy  we must c…
happy national coming out day to all of the lgbtq people & allies in western and central wi  proud to protect your right to be you 
rt  uncpublichealth  congressman david price addresses the participants at the  unc  gillings going viral 1918 flu symposium 
rt  gumedicine  iconic view while heading to the offices of  repcardenas   marcorubio &  repallawsonjr for the afternoon  health justice ht…
always great to be with reston s finest  kenplum1 and senator janet howell  the three of us are proud to represent…
a president who would use the power of the presidency to exculpate himself and incriminate his foes is a danger to…
great to talk the issues w/  umnews students including the abby honold act  a bill i helped introduce to help train…
tomorrow  if you need help with a federal agency  my office can assist you  my casework staff will be at the…
for  fmla25  today  we re talking about what paidleavemeans to america s workers and families  if you ve taken…
thank you to the grassroots activists on the national mall today protesting  realdonaldtrump &  secretaryzinke s pl…
 joseph_marks_ i certainly hope so   deptofdefense &  usgsa already have successful programs thanks to hard work by…
rt  repbeatty  america has message for  housegop  do your job  watch  nancypelosi   senatorreid &  vp at 12pm to learn more--&gt 
rt  susanthesquark   speakerryan note  this bill doesn t ban arbitration altogether  only *forced* arbitration  it gives victims the option…
happy pi day –not just celebrating the mathematical constant π  but the incredible advances we ve made in the field…
today – september 19th at 12 00pm cst – i will hold a press conference with va and triwest to announce the   
amazingly the trump administration refuses to recognize the legacy of the spill and is pursuing the largest expansi…
we need a long term strategy in syria  not just military strikes  congress should have been consulted  it s the nex…
today   scotus  is going to hear janus v  afscme  a case that has the potential to divide working people and furthe…
today  we celebrate 50 years of the fair housing act  every american has the right to choose where they want to liv…
by adding this question to the census  the trump administration is ignoring bipartisan precedent and playing politi…
yesterday  russia  clearly  behind skripal poisoning  today  fired via tweet  tillerson out
please do join me tomorrow at 10 am for a day of action to  gotv   details here 
rt  repgregorymeeks  no  no   notorious  a very happy 85th birthday to a tireless protector of women s rights and a true pioneer in her own…
i sent a letter with 60  house members to president trump demanding that pruitt be fired for his gross misuse of t…
we spent this morning at the arlington heights memorial day parade to honor the women and men who have sacrificed   
tbt
getting ready to stand with students across the country to say never again  end gun violence enough is enough d m v
it is past time that the president uses the recommendations from this report to take action to support and defend o…
kicking off literacy week with the kids at head start high point center and a good book   clw2018 
the health care exchange is open for business  visit or between now & 12/15 to get covered 
rt  bakemaster can t wait for primary results tonight  still sad that i m no longer ma resident  go capuano-somerville leads the way  ma sen
rt if you agree  it s time for congress to pass the paycheck fairness act and ensure equal pay for equal work …
merry christmas and happy holidays to all who are celebrating across  roc  and the country  may your day be merry an…
rt  thetoddschulte  great to see so many leaders including  reppeteaguilar  repjeffdenham  replujangrisham  repmikecoffman  hurdonthehill m…
deadline extended  2018 congressional arts competition open to all  ny13  district high school students - through ma…
rt  repbobbyrush  7 000 shoes are lined up in front of the capitol to represent children that have been killed by gun violence in the unite…
the facts in yemen are clear  -40 000 killed or injured -3 1m people displaced from their homes -8 4m people at…
the trump administration is rolling back rules put in place after the deepwater disaster at the expense of american…
while gop plans to eliminate children s health funding to pay for g o p tax scam  dems want to strengthen the middle c…
rt  evalongoria  felicidades to the final five and especially team member  lzhernandez02 – the first us-born latina to make the team since…
learn from history  end gerrymandering restore democracy
rt  rightcarenow  il rep  janschakowsky gives a shout-out to right care mother s day event for affordable insulin  a better deal
free and fair elections are the bedrock of our democracy  we must do everything possible to uphold the integrity of…
thank you to the  ohioepa and local partners for cleaning up the arco recycling site in east cleveland  the cleanup…
rt  repjoecourtney  today i joined my colleagues in the house as a cosponsor to  repjerrynadler s bipartisan legislation to protect special…
last yr  congress gave  potus the tools to impose sanctions on those behind russia s attacks on our democracy  he h…
one lead would lead to another after conversations with archivists  historical societies  antique dealers  and rail…
rt  mayormikespano  today we recognized the coast guard s latest report which did not recommend the installation of new anchorages  this a…
ajit pai s appointee to chair a key fcc committee was arrested by the fbi for an alleged  250 million dollar wire f…
looking for an opportunity to grow your business   here s 33 700 active opportunities for contracts …
when you have no core set of principles  you d crazily put chinese businesses ahead of an american worker  or somet…
rt  reptimwalz  2 million people will have their access to food threatened if the  housegop passes their hyper-partisan farm bill  that s…
proud of the students at lebanon hs and across new hampshire and the country who are standing up for what they beli…
yesterday  my staff and members of the laredo delegation met with staff from the office of  collinpeterson  mn-07 …
rt  frankpallone  it s time for this committee and this congress to pass comprehensive legislation to prevent incidents like this in the fu…
comey interview resurrects jan  27  2017 dinner invite  realdonaldtrump extended out of blue to the director  that…
another reason i fight to protect our care 
the new division and the proposed rule by  hhsgov are just the latest in a long list of attacks by the trump admini…
your income level shouldn t determine your access to knowledge about your family planning options  by rolling back…
rt  alilapp  seriously  the gop deserves credit for their fantastic expectations-setting for pa-18 today  don t forget   10m spent  a trump…
russian propaganda on twitter is infiltrating fake news websites
mayor reiman should be congratulated for his tireless efforts to bring ferry service to carteret  i am proud to hav…
thanks to mrs  sturdy and her students at  sms_flatrock for participating in the valentines for veterans project to…
i made a quick stop by  aspca to visit with some of the adorable dogs and cats that are up for adoption today on ca…
reminder  i m hosting a veterans town hall tomorrow from 10 00-11 00 am at health plan of san joaquin  representati…
important to raise awareness about hemochromatosis as it has affected several members of my family  if you are of…
rt  drcurtisgregory  great discussion on access to capital  philatec  repdwightevans  phlcommerce
with  tammymurphynj keynote speaker at  cleanwaternj s annual conference and assemblywoman  nancypinkin  tammy outl…
drexel gets  6 million to help 7 philly schools via  phillydotcom
this time each year  folks in san antonio celebrate fiesta with colorful medals  this fall  let s turn out to the p…
 otd  1993  prez clinton signed into law brady bill  which required waiting period for handgun purchases &…
president trump has ignored our letters  dismissed our concerns  and enacted policies that hurt our communities  to…
families thrive when women have access to comprehensive  supportive health care within their communities  i enjoyed…
i commend  pc_executive  the developer  ruston and tacoma for reaching an agreement  this is good for our entire re…
i have often asked folks hailing the  civil rights act  as a model of legislative perfection   which one   the  64…
had a great discussion this morning with representatives from the united steelworkers and steel companies during a…
50 yrs  ago president lbj signed into law legislation that established the medicare & medicaid programs  happy50th
5-0  you backed luther strange in a primary that he lost to the pedophile roy moore  who you also backed until he l…
rt  demsespanol  atenciÓn d r e a mers  aún puedes solicitar la renovación de tu permiso  daca   estas preguntas frecuentes de  nilc_org y  uni…
i just donated  100 to buy pizza for the teachers striking in west virginia  no one becomes a teacher to get rich…
many thanks to everyone who attended my housing roundtable or tuned in on facebook over the weekend  it was a spiri…
it s no wonder the tax law is losing support  it adds  1 5 trillion to the deficit  and now donald trump and republ…
happy international womens day today is the perfect day to commit to measures like equal pay for equal work  access…
rt  reptimwalz  2 million people will have their access to food threatened if the  housegop passes their hyper-partisan farm bill  that s…
i m proud to announce that leticia herrera-mendez  a daca recipient and student leader at  csusbnews  will join me…
polluting pruitt has consistently proven he cares more about helping past political donors than protecting the heal…
may the fourth be with you  today and always  star wars day
rt  crgvaldez  congratulations to the 15 outstanding asian american  aapi  students recognized at the 20th annual  acc  scholarship banquet …
who does the trump budget hurt  1  americans with a pre-existing condition 2  students trying to afford a college…
i ll be on  morning_joe today to talk about the role of congress in overseeing the trump administration  tune in to msnbc at 7 15am est 
rt  tugovtaffairs  wishing a happy birthday to  repdwightevans  who represents  templeuniv and  templehealthmed
before any further actions are taken in syria trump must immediately brief congress on his strategy  allow for a br…
another cruel and unnecessary announcement from the trump administration  we must pass the esperer act and save t p s 
today  we are once again touched by a senseless and tragic act of violence  my heart goes out to the people of las…
telling  sounds like there s something to say  a direction to turn 
congratulations to i ❤️ wilmington on their 6 year anniversary  the work you do to empower residents is inspiring a…
 vets  deserve the best  the best jobs  the best health care  and the best person leading the va  nothing less …
we reject  realdonaldtrump s attempts to divide immigrant communities by race  religion and nationality cleandream…
i am closely monitoring the developing situation at marjory stoneman douglas high school in broward county  the vic…
rt  houseadm_dems    repbrady  fundamental to our gov is the admin of free & fair elections  eliminating the  eacgov is something cha dems…
rt  nancypelosi  my staff & i are closely following developments from the active shooter situation at youtube hq in san bruno  ca  thank yo…
as the prices of prescription drugs  gas and health insurance skyrocket  the g o p tax scam isn t helping florida s w…
 repealing the estate tax isn t just a boon for the 5 500 wealthiest americans  it is a bust to federal taxpayers 
to end the opioid epidemic  we must protect medicaid & expand states  capacity to combat this crisis – while takin…
 us military action against syria will simply escalate & prolong the war  resulting in more senseless death  destru…
may 5th is the national day of awareness for murdered native women and girls  too often  the victims of these trage…
see my full floor remarks here  end gun violence never again
dairy farms are an important part of nh s identity & economy & contribute to our state s beautiful landscape  i ve…
happy birthday to my friend and colleague  tulsigabbard 🎂🎉
if you re keeping score  this week  realdonaldtrump insulted the  paralympics and  speakerryan fired a priest  what the hell is going on 
heavy snow predicted in indy tomorrow  please stay safe & warm 
rt  nfudc  thank you  repanniekuster for securing omnibus language to make it easier for farmers to access conservation programs  read more…
i m inspired by the talented students who presented results from their hacking for defense courses to lawmakers at t…
rt  repcleaver  the 2018 congressional art competition is underway  please join us tomorrow as we announce the winning artist and other top…
congratulations to the  girlscouts  which this week celebrates its 106th anniversary  more than 50 million young wo…
i proudly stand with hi  wa  or  mn  ma  ny  and any other state that challenges this atrocious executive order 
rt  repteddeutch  a weapon of war should never be in the hands of a civilian  luckily  james shaw jr  was courageous enough to stare down t…
looking forward to our town hall today at 5 30 p m  at the columbus public library  tweet us your questions with the hashtag g a02 town hall 
i m in sacramento with  asmmikegipson meeting with lawmakers to advocate for common sense paramedic reform  read mo…
horrified by news of attack on  auaf  in kabul  my thoughts are with the students  faculty & staff  praying for their safety  kabul attack
today s merced  statecwa luncheon was a great way to celebrate national agriculture day  the vibrance of our…
following a meeting between  realdonaldtrump & leading auto executives  i led a group of 10 democratic members in c…
russia uses chemical weapons in u k   and we still are not implementing sanctions for their actions against us and…
rt  jodienbc4  dc congresswoman  eleanornorton just drafted a letter to oversight & government reform committee chairman requesting a heari…
 suchirasharma  psegdelivers i m so sorry to hear that  please call my office at  609 -883-0026 and we ll see what we can do to assist 
great to drop by the annual wilton winter festival this weekend and catch-up with so many local folks  happy holida…
attention  ga13  high school artists  our 2018 congressionalartcompetition is now open  submit your original artwor…
the people of parkland endured a cold-blooded mass shooting  they deserve more than a cold-hearted congressional re…
trans people still face deeply misguided perceptions about who they are   hb2    which often limits opportunity & increases victimization 
attending de kalb n a a c p unity breakfast this morning  greenforestbaptist  great to see everyone  celebrating…
rt to remind your friend that it s tax day 
  threesmommy we must invest in green technology and renewable energies to spur job growth  keep environment clean ask julia  ca26 
rt  amyecollins3  thank you  repdwightevans for your support of the women s health protection act  actforwomen
today i testified before the armed services committee to protect funding and resources for  nellisafb   creech_afb …
skeptics may lecture  but california high-speed rail is already proving them wrong
thank you to everyone who informed the report  especially  lines_for_life and  cccportland  thank you to commission…
we know that when kids have a healthy breakfast  they are more likely to thrive the classroom  during…
rt  aisisteel  steel caucus urges president to complete steel imports investigation  repvisclosky  repbost  reprickcrawford -
i stand with students in my district and across the nation that are participating in the national school walkout to…
  speakerryan & i served together on the budget committee for nearly a decade & shared countless flights to & from…
very exciting news for the  uiowa 
thank you  patientaccess for recognizing my commitment to protecting seniors  access to medicare part b in  ne02  
as  realdonaldtrump tours his wall prototypes today  he would do well to heed the words of president ronald reagan …
so it appears that wells fargo executives were either a  incompetent  b  grossly negligent  or c  in on it 
glad to meet yesterday with local advocates from the american diabetes association  i m proud to support federal re…
my family fled vietnam after the fall of saigon to escape persecution  we might have perished in the south china se…
rt  hfacdemocrats  rm  repeliotengel  could not agree more with this letter from 200 former us diplomats  trump admin is slashing  statedep…
the senate unanimously passed the beau biden gun violence prevention act  this legislation—one piece in a package i…
 alas  americans have now been collecting post-tax-cut paychecks for more than two months — and they still don t li…
an unknown number of veterans of the u s  armed forces have been unceremoniously deported  we must bring these…
rt  juddlegum  1  congressman brings giant photo of carl icahn to the house floor in an effort to get people to pay attention to the stock…
i m proud to announce that  jolietjrcollege will receive nearly  650 000 from  nsf for  stem  education programs 
congressional republicans are rolling out their new farm bill this week  listen up  because it s bad  1/
katrina12 today  as we reflect on how far we ve come  we must continue to pray for the safety of everyone affected…
if republicans love the children s healthcare insurance program  chip  so much  why didn t they just extend it when…
online fast-lanes undermine the open internet as we know it and only benefits big business and not you and your family  save the internet
tomorrow is the first day of the open enrollment period  visit and get covered 
happy birthday   repbrady  appreciate your leadership on  houseadm_dems 
proud to support the men and women in law enforcement who help keep our communities safe …
gop farm bill  does little to invest in beginning and socially disadvantaged farmers 
this mothers day i partnered with  ozy to share a few stories and why they are important to me as a mother of 5 and…
planning a visit to dc  we can help you and your ohana schedule tours of the us capitol  library of congress & more 
rt  uscapitol  our staff preserves and maintains the historic buildings  monuments  art and gardens on the capitol campus  📣 to each of our…
i had a great time touring amazon s aurora fulfillment center today  it s colorado s first fulfillment center and o…
we will miss louise -- a consummate stateswoman who was an indefatigable advocate for the values that made america…
while donald trump ignores the overwhelming evidence on climate change  it s up to us to make a difference in our o…
rt  popdemoc  breaking   repmaxinewaters leads call for diverse candidates for  newyorkfed president  significant progress still needs to…
with rep bobby rush & rev  jessie jackson announcing the beginning process of introducing anti-lynching legislation…
 1/2  although  speakerryan & i don t share the same political philosophy  i believe he s a good man and i apprecia…
rt  buzzfeednews  on today s  am2dm   we re talking to rep  john yarmuth  d-ky  and rowan blanchard ⬇️⬇️⬇️
 ahca  does not improve the well-being of americans  you can watch my full speech in opposition to the bill here 
the gop refused to work with democrats on a bipartisan budget deal  they are now holding the government hostage  je…
e-cigarette use among young people is becoming the next public health emergency  the  us_fda is not doing enough to…
this week  i took to the house floor to urge my colleagues to stand up for clean energy  our environment and to tak…
across the nation today  our young people are standing up and boldly making the statement that it s time for thei…
 c_andsons being quotable is a side effect of attempting to put something unique in your inbox  glad to have you as a subscriber 
rt  housenewdems  today  new dem coalition members met with students from the marjorie stoneman douglas high school in parkland  it s extre…
our vendors were here early setting up  come take advantage of all the free screenings they ll provide at our  ga13… 
rt  nextgov  bill from  reprokhanna and  repratcliffe would set 2-year deadline for agencies to get digital 
i am grateful to  usdot for quickly providing  10 million in initial funds to get started repairing i-85
important reminder for d r e a mers  you can still apply to renew your  daca  protections  learn more & reapply here …
i have long advocated for the va to look at complementary and alternative treatments that can help veterans cope wi…
rt  senmarkey  live 11 30am  join men   repjohnconyers  senmurphy to demand no war in north korea w/o congressional authorization
this weekend i revealed the winner of the congressional art competition as carolina trujillo  a senior at new mexico…
attention sonoma county – be advised that heavy rain has led to flood conditions in some parts of the area  click f…
 usafmatthew  repandrecarson  usafmatthew  it can be funded by ending special-interest perks in our big-money political system  /1
the congressional art competition provides an opportunity to showcase the work of talented wny students  congratul…
happy mothers day to my wonderful wife gwen and all the moms who go above and beyond for their kids  you truly mak…
four years later  flint families are still using filters and bottled water  completely unacceptable …
 realdonaldtrump  sir  you continue to bring disrepute and dishonor upon the presidency and our country with your b…
only on long island  long island sheriff  no  bacon  egg and cheese   but handcuffs via  newsday
50 years ago  we lost an iconic civil rights leader when dr  martin luther king  jr  was assassinated in tennessee …
rt  495mwptnership  looking forward to hearing from a member of our congressional delegation  nikiinthehouse as well as from our state dele…
today  three colleagues and i led 148 members of congress in sending a letter to speaker ryan asking why he fired f…
admiral ronny jackson has none of the necessary experience to run one of the largest and most vital government depa…
rt  vvmf  on this day 1973  the last combat troops leave vietnam  more than 3 million americans served and more than 58 000 men and women m…
threats from  realdonaldtrump to abandon the iran nuclear agreement damages us leadership and risks war with iran …
52 years ago today  i joined dr king  rev abernathy  and more than 3000 people to begin the march from selma to mon…
tax security  don t buy security software offered as a pop-up or by email  it s likely a scam   irs 
really excited for  homewoodscience center s hands-on exploration at homewood rail fest on may 19th  i l02 proud
just in  my latest offthe cuff episode with  repspeier is now live  we talk about the powerful me too movement and…
rt  americanlegion  on march 29  1973  u s  combat and combat support units withdrew from south vietnam  to all those who never came home …
rt  houseadm_dems   repbrady - the congressional workplace should have zero tolerance for sexualharassment and any kind of discrimination
tonight i will join my fellow co-chair on the congressional military family caucus   cathymcmorris   at the…
rt  hpard  pleasantville residents packed the building for the grand opening of the new  6 9 million judson robinson  sr  community center …
i will be holding two town hall meetings tomorrow in eugene - one at 10 am focused on seniors  and one at 5 30 pm 
throwback thursday  used to be  housegop asked the president for details as he considered military force in syria …
icymi  last week  we started our jobs tour to hear from arizona businesses about the challenges they face  we ll ke…
in the coming weeks  i plan on addressing even more aspects of the gun violence epidemic with my colleagues  this m…
rt  talkpoverty   food should be a fundamental right for everyone in this country  it makes me so angry that they look for savings for this…
we need your help in the last week of this race  click here to sign up to knock doors  call voters  ask julia  ca26 
in 2017   timkaine and i wrote to  potus to ask for the legal justification for the syria strike  we never heard ba…
happy st  patrick s day  🍀
we pledge more resources for our veterans to ensure every single one is getting the care they need and deserve 
rt  transportdems  ranking member  reppeterdefazio delivered the weekly democratic address on a better deal and the need for investment in…
rt  larryschuler  the words of dr  king still ring true today 50 years after his death  r i p am hero
love this  jackson heights s own jonathan kane will be recreating his father s famous  a great day in harlem  photo…
rt  thehill  just in  dem vows to vote on impeaching trump by christmas after trump retweets anti-muslim videos htt…
rt  msnbc   the lies  the distortions  the confusion  the chaos  it is pathetic   --  maxinewaters says about the white house s porter  cov…
rt  antitrustcaucus  today  the  antitrustcaucus submitted the following statement for the record for the  senatecommerce hearing on four o…
rt  matthewamiller  and with that we come full circle from 2016  when mcconnell refused bipartisanship for a warning about russian tamperin…
rt  normeisen  important  judge in ny emoluments case discussed key congressional oversight role — oversightdems rightly pushing for actio…
glad my storm tweet s been taken by the storm & is keeping your eye on the storm  matthew   stay vigilant  ps  sto…
as a marine  i can t let anyone walk by with a medal or pin that s not on straight   including the vice president …
and when you break it down by group  the rates are even higher  among transgender people of color  65% of native am…
in a desperate effort to appear fiscally responsible   potus is urging his  gop  allies to sacrifice health care for…
we should all be disturbed by president trump s willingness to undermine the special counsel investigation  it s ti…
for the past 40 years  afs4kids  the largest foster care agency in northern california  has supported children and…
our children s lives are worth more than any  nra donation  we ve got to honor our responsibility to them with more…
rt  repgregorymeeks   my mother has been forced to discuss with me my fear of safety while at school in light of the mass murder of childre…
today is national garden meditation day  remember to take some time to relax in your garden or visit a garden  whet…
rt  nlirh  thank you  reproybalallard for being a champion for pregnant immigrant women in detention  we agree that the detention of pregna…
reminder  submissions for my 2018 congressional art competition are due to our san pedro district office by 5pm tom…
on april 11th  fosta was signed into law  this legislation will help the survivors of sex trafficking seek justice…
if  epascottpruitt doesn t resign in disgrace  he should be fired immediately by  realdonaldtrump 
rt  bobbyscott    housegop s  aca  repeal would leave 4 million children without coverage – doubling the child uninsured rate by 2019  prot…
rt  wcbs880  today   repeliotengel will be among those hearing testimony from mark zuckerberg on facebook data use this week  he tells  ste…
wishing a happy mother s day to all in  ca17  and beyond  enjoy this special day with loved ones in your life 
rt  housedemocrats    repspeier  ca-14    rephuffman  ca-02   and  repthompson  ca-05  held a public meeting on the dangers of off-shore dr…
great meeting with the  usacehq today on updates on their progress with critical flood control projects throughout…
rt  aclu  as trump s muslim ban heads to the supreme court  the world is watching to see whether or not we will rise above this repugnant p…
yesterday kay simpson of  spfldmuseums and i took dr  seuss  stepdaughter leagrey dimond on a tour of springfield…
read my statement on the  fbi executing a search warrant for  realdonaldtrump s lawyer  michael cohen …
 itin  taxpayers in ma-09 should know about changes that may impact your  irs  return - go to
republicans are trying to sell the g o p tax scam as a bill for middle class families  it s really a handout to corpo…
rt  lasdhq   lasd  career opportunity  sign language specialist the  lasd  is excited to announce the open position of sign language speciali…
we in the san joaquin valley know small businesses are the backbone of our economy  small business owners contribut…
rt  udems  thank you  replloyddoggett for your tireless support of our undocumented community  their safety and welfare should be priority…
 dyk   black women must work until 8/7 for salaries to finally catch up to what white men made in 2017 equal pay day…
high school students  my office is now accepting entries for the 2018 congressional art competition  all submissio…
the trump budget would gut medicaid  which puts everything from long term care to mental health and substance abus…
attended the hampton university 150th anniversary gala and president harvey s 40th anniversary last evening  pictur…
rt  cmk256  she s recognizing something very important  that whenever a  facebook like or share button is placed on a website   facebook s…
 i meet people where they at   a conversation with muslim  usarmy chaplain khallid shabazz
petaluma fd  petaluma basin will be filled w  smoke this wknd due to shifts in wind direction no current fire
the female veteran suicide prevention act was signed by  potus today 
be best
deadline this friday  march 9  don t miss your chance to submit your public comment about the administration s offs…
rt  repterrisewell  62 years ago today  rosa parks took a bold stand against racial discrimination by refusing to give up her seat on a pub…
join the thunderclap 
this veterans day  i want your help recognizing past & present service members  send their name & address to carson…
everyone should have the right to marry who they love   scotus  should reaffirm that right bc love cant wait
  realdonaldtrump i agree that we can t simply  take actions that make us feel like we re making a difference   the…
this year  for  apahm2018   we are celebrating having an historic 18  aapi  members of congress and a record 63 membe…
proud of my f grade from  nra  and wear it with great joy  i will run home to show my mom this grade  when i think o…
rt  officialcbc  c b c demands justice
rt  officialcbc    zachseidl c b c demands justice
rt  afitzpayne  today  repdarrensoto introduced the bipartisan ai jobs act of 2018  co-sponsored by  aspenfuturework advisory council membe…
rt  teenvogue   we are not going to solve this problem by locking people up and throwing away the key   – repjoekennedy
after the 2013 shutdown ended  hundreds of thousands of private sector employees could not work and were unlikely t…
rt  azi   cbrangel rangel &  mmviverito
the teen pregnancy prevention program educates teens on sexual harassment prevention  healthy relationships  delayi…
rock on   tblightning ⚡️⚡️⚡️⚡️⚡️
rt  reploisfrankel    speakerryan  no more moments of silence without action  americans want commonsense gun legislation to disarm hate  ht…
if the gop is serious about fiscal discipline they should consider a realistic plan that is thoughtful and not driv…
it s national apprenticeship week  and i m working hard in congress to pass  hr52   a bill i introduced to recruit yo…
robert mueller s investigation should be allowed to follow the facts where they lead  the american people are owed…
it was great to visit  cree today and learn about their fascinating  innovative work in lighting technology thanks to a new  energy grant 
the republican healthcare plan is a shame and a disgrace  it must be stopped 
one year ago  president trump reinstated and expanded the global gag rule  the rule continues to prevent women in de…
my friend rep ileana  roslehtinen takes the stage for her lifetime achievement award from  weareunidosus at the…
rt  nancyscola  reupping because today s the day  have a great panel lined up  with  byron_auguste   repjohndelaney   reppeteolson  and  os…
my bipartisan fra safety data improvement act improves & standardizes reporting & training around railway accidents…
at  eparegion8 headquarters in denver today  i demanded that agency leaders halt environmental rollbacks and end th…
i will defend e p a because of the crucial role it plays in protecting the public health from dangerous global warming emissions 
rt  keithellison  the republican tax bill gives 83% of its benefits to the top 1%  that d be bad enough  but there s more in there to hurt…
last week  i had the privilege of meeting the  congressionalac winners  the apps they built were remarkable  check…
thanks to the students at coconino high school for inviting me to talk about the legislative process and what is go…
members of the congressional black caucus joined  castro4congress & i in sa on fri to show support for  petegallego
cpl  bruce bennett nobly served our country in the vietnam war  & i was honored to present him w/ his purple heart …
rt  karlalammers   ailasoflorida  immcouncil proud to stand next to  repgutierrez thank you for all you do  right side of history
it s absolutely unacceptable that schools are punishing our african-american kids the way they do  these kids are d…
happy national agriculture day  thank you to our hardworking farmers for all of your contributions to wisconsin …
rt  repjohnlewis  there is so much hurt  so much hate & violence  we have a moral obligation  a mission  and a mandate to do something abou…
designating rural communities as opportunity zones will create jobs and strengthen the local economy  i m glad to s…
rt  cotnews  to serve and protect and drive her chrome ride proudly  glad to see  tallypd s first black  female motorcycle officer living h…
rt  cbsnews  watch live  democratic lawmakers hold a rally to support special counsel robert mueller s russia investigation
we got the gold      congratulations  mrbenjaminboom  your hometown is so proud  usa  teamusa
si necesitan una prueba más de que el presidente trump ha abandonado por completo a puerto rico  aquí está 
more than 80% of americans support the commonsense no fly no buy gun safety measure   housedemocrats are sittingin to represent them 
tonight  we paid tribute to christine loeber  jennifer golick  and jennifer gonzales  these three incredible women…
disgusting--and disgustingly predictable 
8 years ago  obamacare became law  since then  we ve seen a historic increase in health coverage with millions of…
to improve military readiness  i introduced an amendment to allow qualified immigrants to enlist & patriotically se…
now that everyone s march madness2018 is blown  how about determining who will be the next to be axed in the white house 
thanked the armenian diaspora for all of their efforts over the years to achieve genocide recognition  i m optimist…
thank you  pahumcouncil for all your great work 
honored to serve as co-chair of the 2018 national prayer breakfast  tune in via  cspan 2 starting at 8am 
so who s running the  housegop  at moment house voted on impeaching irs chief   speakerryan was lighting the capito…
 sullied18
the office for students and young consumers has a critically important mission & is remarkably effective – returnin…
it was an honor to serve as the keynote speaker at the 10th annual sergeant francisco barrientes middle school   
i sent a letter to the director of  bureauindianedu about the condition of & education quality at the havasupai ele…
the trump administration s addition of a citizenship question will only discourage participation and result in an i…
rt  alzadvocatefl  thank you  theresa frederick  in  repallawsonjr tallahassee office for meeting with us yesterday & for all your support…
no one should go hungry in the richest country in the world  food insecurity is the highest amongst families with…
otd in 1965  two weeks after bloodysunday  my colleague and dear friend  repjohnlewis started his march from…
oh   erictrump - bless your heart 
 kenvogel  corybooker  stanford  notredame  nfl  toddlyght  jonathantamari boo  that loss helped cost us a national…
as part of today s make it in america listening tour  i joined my congressional colleagues  whiphoyer &  repbarragan…
rt  dinatitus  looks like our state flower has been replaced by  goldenknights goalie marc-andre  flower  fleury  we re not complaining   g… 
thanks to my colleagues from both sides of the aisle who are working hard to fight for gun safety  susanwbrooks…
my bill would scrapthecap  leveling the playing field and preserving soc sec for future generations  2/2 
yesterday was girls inc  & tuesday s children shadow day on the hill  had so much fun showing annicha  ariella  and…
starting now  i m leading  appropsdems  hearing with  epascottpruitt  you can follow along to our questions and his…
thank you for visiting and speaking with me today  end hunger now
i m holding a special order in the house tonight in support of the mueller investigation  it must continue without…
tonight  trump will rally for roy moore  a person who honors slavery and is running for u s  senate  tomorrow  he e…
this week  hasc  debated  amended & passed the  fy19ndaa   i introduced numerous provisions to the bill to integrate…
with herb s passing  we lost a compassionate leader who sought to build bridges between people and improve our comm…
proud to announce that the american planning association designated downtown santa ana as one of the greatest place…
ar-15 guns & similar semiautomatic rifles are weapons of war  not self-defense  but don t take my word for it  dr …
i m glad to have earned a perfect score on the 2017 l c v scorecard  check it out here 
another great caucus day with my family  meeting voters in mission hill  mattapan  back bay  brighton  jamaica plai…
rt  wbfo  revisioning buffalo s dl&w rail line into an urban connector   mikedesmondwbfo
thank you  congboyle for introducing legislation to ensure that the u s  recognizes north korea s human rights viol…
rt  whiphoyer  a few reminders  mr  president  1  you ended  daca  & created this crisis  2  you ve rejected every bipartisan solution put f…
today we look back at the contributions strong women around the world have made to advance civil rights & promote j…
despite protests from senior diplomats at the state department  trump and his cronies still moved forward with endi…
  ryseyouthcenter  inspires youth to live with pride and purpose  where the sounds of gunshots have been replaced b…
rt  keithellison  thanks for your great work for the american people   sensanders  ricknolanmn  repbarragan  tulsigabbard  repjayapal  repr…
the g o p tax scam is an insult to bronxites  it affects working families  the most vulnerable & only benefits the ric…
reminder  my district office is having mobile office hours this wednesday  april 18  at the heritage park senior fa…
rt  usprogressives  president trump s reckless decisions do not reflect the will of the vast majority of americans  the congressional progr…
rt  housenewdems  join us tomorrow at 10 15am on the house steps when new dem chair  jahimes  infrastructure task force co-chairs  repjohnd…
there is no effective treatment for alzheimer s  no way to prevent the disease  & no method for slowing its progres…
want to learn about how campaigns work and make a difference in the process  sign up to be an intern or fellow wit…
today marks the 18th school shooting in america this year  and it s only february    how many more students hav…
i was proud to lead efforts to to secure federal funds for a veterans home in flagstaff  veterans in rural communit…
productive nj congressional delegation meeting with  govmurphy to discuss federal priorities for the garden state …
  usgao study my colleagues and i requested finds numerous anti-consumer practices in ticket marketplace  will cont…
four years later  flint families are still using filters and bottled water  after elevated levels of lead were foun…
tomorrow  march 17th at 10am  i will be hosting a discussion on gun violence prevention at the heritage presbyteria…
h r  3962  the stop online ammunition sales act of 2017  requires any individual who orders ammunition online to ve…
rt  repbobbyrush  removing an otherwise eligible american off of medicaid because of an arbitrary time limit is bad policy and defeats the…
  potus  decision to withdraw from the iran deal is reckless and puts america s national security at risk  ending t…
on this day in 1965  the marchers from selma arrived in montgomery  i m in awe of  repjohnlewis for his leadership…
 fbf   enjoyed meeting yesterday with  howardu orthopedic students from  ga13  
on gold star spouses day  we recognize the sacrifices made by our gold star families & commit to supporting them  i m…
4 --&gt  we knew all along that republicans wrote the g o p tax scam to benefit their wealthy and well-connected donors 
rt  cathcharitieslv  thank you  repjackyrosen for meeting with deacon tom about important issues facing nevada 
important step to protect those on capitol hill from harassment and abuse me too congress
 wbcbowie not as high had there not been the acaworks
reminder to dc kids and parents  our provision ensures capitol hill is open for sledding  get out there and enjoy t…
rt  nancypelosi  wonderful to join  repespaillat in welcoming  davidortiz to washington for semana dominicana 
  hispaniccaucus chairwoman  replujangrisham and i welcomed  amazon decision to increase board diversity  we wrote…
free associate s degrees coming for some phila  h s  students via  phillydotcom
now meeting with skagit county interlocal drug enforcement unit  which works on drug suppliers cases and continues…
so it looks like  realdonaldtrump wants to rob the military to pay for his useless wall  not only is this going aga…
i worked my last  mmb  of 2017  texastheatre helping make sure that the concession stand was fully stocked & locale…
federal scientists have been prohibited from speaking about climatechange and climate data have been scrubbed from…
since 2015  security forces in ethiopia have killed nearly 1 000 people and detained tens of thousands more  it s t…
in the latest edition of the apprentice  ambjohnbolton  vocal supporter of the iraq war & consistent advocate for t…
public service loan forgiveness and income-driven repayment have built pathways to the middle class for graduates a…
i m proud to voice my support for small businesses as we celebrate their contributions to our neighborhoods  today …
appreciate my friend  rosadelauro keeping the conversation honest - we have a problem with *gun* violence in americ…
rt  jwestropedma   repgutierrez preaching about pr utilizing its own natural resources - sun  wind and  gente  power 
for high school students interested in attending a military service academy  my office is hosting an information se…
patients in nursing homes are human beings  they shouldn t be treated like dollar signs by nursing homes and the co…
susan moore has given young girls in our district a leg up and a vision of a more equal world  she is a champion fo…
trump pardons  scooter  libby in cia leak case  libby leak
rt  hansilowang  all house  oversightdems  including  repmaloney of ny &  repcummings of md  are asking for justice dept docs related to 2…
congrats to austin and mankato east boys basketball on making it to state  good luck and make southern mn proud 
congratulations to the students from the alabama school of fine arts on advancing to the national science bowl fina…
bravo to the hundreds of thousands of women who are marching in communities across our country today  the strengt…
rt  emilyrpeck   i had hope that they d actually lean in and lead by example on this    repcheri throwing shade at sheryl sandberg
rt  wbez  the state s prison population is dropping dramatically  3 takeaways 
today  on may day  we celebrate the workers and union members who are fighting for better working conditions and fa…
beautiful night on the national mall  biggest crowd yet of 2017  god bless america 
the moocher states stole our wallets by gutting salt  and it s only fair for us to fight back any way we can  i m p…
 forestparkbruin these phenomenal students are spearheading the effort in pwc to increase awareness and offer suppo…
the members of the house  146  and senate  22  who have cosponsored our d c statehood bill represent a combined 188…
in charge  in power and still can t get anything done  it s as if work isn t something republicans actually do …
if you re on the roadways  please continue to exercise caution as delaware  delawaredot continues to clear roadways 
rt  califesciences  thanks  repcardenas for meeting with us during the b i o fly in to discuss the importance of biomedical innovation  inves…
  americanair want to create a better experience  don t shrink your seat sizes  & drop change fees  🤑…
rt  oversightdems  according to press reports  a year after becoming a white house advisor  jared kushner still has access to our most crit…
a callous and counterproductive decision by an administration hell-bent on attacking low-income americans   hudgov…
new on langevin hits the rhode  i always enjoy attending  necouncil luncheons to provide an update on my work in d c …
thanks to members of  pancancolorado for meeting at my denver office yesterday to share your personal…
more bad news about the g o p tax scam -- this time to our trade accounts   [ potus] signature economic policy—a maj…
felicito la labor del director y el personal de la oficina del dpto de vivienda federal en pr ante distinciones otorgadas por  hudgov
rt  usrepkcastor  14 suspected fl cases of mosquito-transmitted zika &  housegop is on the longest summer recess since at least 1960
i m with  govmurphy for his signing of a crucial bill to prevent offshore drilling and to discuss our ongoing effor…
kay hultgren made good use of this fan during a hot day at the mcleod county fair 
that s why i joined my colleagues in a bipartisan call for the trump administration to consult with congress before…
rep  delaney applauds bipartisan funding of critical aviation and economic priorities in faa reauthorization bill
we can never forget this dark chapter in our history  and must commit to educating future generations and preventin…
today on a a p i equal pay day  we honor the work of all  aapi  women and individuals  but we must do better  aapi women…
estoy aquí para trabajar para ti  es hora de volver a abrir el gobierno  por ahora  aprende cómo el cierre del gob…
happy new year  looking forward to the start of a new year in congress by passing legislation that will create job o…
rt  ericschultz  cillizza cites 11 examples  11 come from republicans  journalists bemoaning our  terrible new normal  should call it for w…
rt  energycommerce  the uninsured rate is growing thanks to gop a c a sabotage and more americans are losing coverage – a stark shift after y…
honored to be receiving  cossadc 2018 distinguished service award  it recognizes leaders who have gone above and b…
 the fight for dreamers and a daca solution is far from over  and i will continue to call for protections and a fin…
congress must act now on measures to end gun violence 
rt  joelconnelly  connelly  rep  al swift was a man of martinis  cigars -- and class via  seattlepi
rep  tulsi gabbard has continued to fight to keep air travel taxes & fees as low as possible for people in hawaii…
the bank lobbyist act is so bad that even the  wsj editorial board opposes it 
 hmnorthey  ctraywick you folks do great work 
madeleine husvar of  nardinacademy won the people s choice award  decided through online voting  for her acrylic pi…
rt  housejuddems  that is why he introduced h r  1025  the  eyes on the courts act   which would require  scotus  to permit television cover…
recently  we ve seen fatal amtrak and nj transit crashes in hoboken  new jersey  washington state  south carolina …
thank you so much to advocates like  starttalkingal  who are fighting to raise awareness and reduce the stigma arou…
the students participating in today s national school walkout deserve to be heard  peaceful civil disobedience is no…
i strongly oppose the result of today s shameful fcc vote  and i will work to restore the net neutrality protection…
icymi—i spoke with  msnbc about morally bankrupt polluting pruitt  who optimizes the swamp that president trump pro…
rt  theleadcnn  rep  lieu  i support us move to expel russian diplomats  but we have a long way to go for the trump administration to  [sto…
rt  repdwightevans  thread   1/2  last year  puerto rico was devastated by hurricane maria  which caused major structural damage throughout…
rt  larryrulison  at fab 8 today   reppaultonko appeared with  globalfoundries ceo tom caulfield and  mubadala ceo khaldoon al mubarak to m…
the republican tax bill will widen the income inequality gap and make it more difficult for working americans to re…
check out a sneak peak of  officialcbc c b c t e c h2020 s new logo  more coming soon from silicon valley 
 the swamp  wins again in the trump white house  students are the ones being  drained  while big banks get a pass 
i want taco trucks on every corner 
 nwlc  ladepthealth  nationalcouncil  aarplouisiana the experts agree that this bill is bad for la  i will continue…
rt  repcummings  we must work to unite families  not separate them  we cannot return to the days when we closed our doors as a nation to gr…
rt  nbclatino    repdarrensoto   to separate families who have contributed to our nation s security is unacceptable  
25  oil spills in the united states alone since the deepwater disaster in 2010 is one too many 
always good to see  umich students in washington  thanks for coming by and spending part of your spring break with…
in honor of national police week  tens of thousands of law enforcement officers come to dc to participate in events…
congress heads back to d c  today to address looming deadlines and tackle the litany of legislative priorities the…

unacceptable  i will not stop working for you during this government shutdown  my office will be open to answer you…
rejecting advice of experts and pleas from allies  trump instead followed his own personal dislike of obama and dec…
50 years ago  they may have taken the man  but they can never take the message   mlk  jrs  dream lives on  we re not…
beyond outrageous  heartbreaking to think how scared this little girl must be right now  she should be released to…
these comments are false and offensive  they demonstrate  yet again  just how ill-informed and anti-immigrant this…
yes   christinesexton  fineout i m hearing this from hospitals across florida  gov rick scott targets health care…
gop may think it s satisfying its base by blaming dems for trump shutdown  but they are losing the battle w/ the pu…
something to bear in mind this tax day  86 million americans will see their taxes go up so that the g o p tax scam can…
congratulations 
as we participate in thanksgiving day activities  let us keep the residents of puerto rico & the u s  virgin island…
thank jeanne 
rt  toendhunger  big thanks to chairman  repedroyce  ranking member  repeliotengel and all the members of  houseforeign for passing global…
rt  repgregorymeeks  the flint water crisis should have been a wake-up call  lead poisoning is a real danger that must be taken seriously …
on national walkout day  i m carrying the photos & stories of xavier joy  23   blair holt  16   hadiya pendleton  15…
when it comes to the opioid crisis ravaging america s communities  i fight for families like the coles  who lost th…
rt  mark_tarello  wow  spectacular sunrise seen this morning from duluth  minnesota  sunrise duluth m nwx
the 2018 new mexico district small business awards celebrate all of the entrepreneurs & small businesses that our pr…
scott pruitt s epa is a wrecking ball for the polluting class  proud to join 120  colleagues in calling for pruitt …
thank you captain james hawkins for your service as commanding officer at naval station great lakes and welcome to…
wishing everyone a happy easter 
simply stated  ma is a better place thanks to  nikiinthehouse s lifetime of service  proud to call her a friend 
tpp is an unfair trade deal that will hurt our workers  our environment  and give corporations dangerous new rights
rt  nvhscounselors  michelle obama reach higher riverside riverside invites michelle  rcecus  rcoe  bettermakeroom  reachhigher hey  michelle…
rt  repadamschiff  mr  president  i see you ve had a busy morning of  executive time   instead of tweeting false smears  the american peopl…
 otd  1969  sesame street debuts on  pbs as the 1st episode airs  thank you  pbs for helping educate several generat…
leaving the capitol today  i applauded hundreds of brave  daca  protesters blocking the independence ave  entrance …
zinke has repeatedly claimed to be a geologist  despite apparently never having worked as one 
always great to spend time with you   sadiqalul 
rt  realdanstoller  yesterday   repkathleenrice  repjohnkatko introduce bill/resolution that would require house members to take annual cy…
rt  ramblersmbb  saturday s elite eight game vs  kstatembb in atlanta will tip off at 6 09 pm et on tbs  no finish line onward l u m v c hoops…
rt  repesty  you see 7 000 pairs of shoes to represent 7 000 children killed due to gun violence since sandy hook  i see 7 000 birthdays  h…
rt  repteddeutch  trump 2/28   some of you people are petrified of the nra  you can t be petrified  you can t be petrified   realdonaldtru…
by choosing to prematurely end the committee s investigation into russian meddling in our election  house republica…
rt if you agree  clean drinking water should be a basic human right  dont forget flint
here s a list of things the congress should be doing this week but isn t  ❌funding  chip  which expired two months a…
we must do more to help families who already struggle to make ends meet by expanding programs and investments to pr…
get out & find your park during national park week 4/15-23  visit places in ia like  hooverpreslib  effigy mounds   lewisclarktrail   goparks
rt  housebudgetdems  live now  our hearing on cbo s budget and economic outlook  watch 
i posted a new photo to facebook
congratulations to all  utrgv graduates 
prayers for first lady barbara bush and her family 
net neutrality protects small businesses and innovators in our district by ensuring they have a level playing field…
what are we leaving our future generations to enjoy  keep it public monuments for all
keeping  senatorreid and his family in my thoughts through this difficult time 
four years is an unimaginable amount of time to spend worrying about your child  but on 4/14/18  112 families will…
rt  cheathwftv  keeping guns out of the wrong hands  following  wftv report   repdarrensoto asks atf to look into so-called ghost guns  fir…
it s diabetes alert day   dyk  that 84 million americans have prediabetes & afams are almost twice as likely to be d…
happy easter to all of those celebrating  may today be filled with family  friends and joy 
rt  nydiavelazquez    realdonaldtrump  our fellow americans  lives are on the line  puerto rico must receive every resource it needs to con…
enough is enough  i m not going to let the gaslighters gaslight me  let s work together to change the words being used & conversation itself
rt  lauraevansmedia  incredible roundtable   fantastic discussion about the solutions to help all cancer patients access clinical trials   …
met with a wonderful group of artists from  tampaprep at my art competition this year and highlighted the creativit…
it s been an honor to serve on the  houseappropsgop/ appropsdems committee under  usreprodney  a friend & true patr…
today is the start of election season – but  realdonaldtrump &  speakerryan refuse to do what is necessary to take…
it s not enough to thank teachers once a year  gratitude doesn t buy school supplies  feed hungry students  or rebu…
removing him is tantamount to the religious bias of  no catholics need apply   furthermore  why would a lame duck s…
 epawatersense labeled products are 20% more water-efficient  learn about the w a t e r use act here --&gt 
the president s racist remarks undermine national security from the caribbean to the horn of africa  does he not e…
rt  repbradashford  wishing everyone a happy new year as we count down to 2017  i hope you have a healthy and prosperous year   ne02 
women in michigan on average make 78 cents to men s dollar  we must do better for our state economy & working fami…
the g o p tax scam
rt  repjohnyarmuth  today  the  housegop will once again vote to pass the g o p tax scam  it s an insult to our democracy 
rt  gmfus    repgregorymeeks   no matter if you re at the bottom of the rank  democracy gives you the hope that you can lift yourself up  …
8 8m americans enrolled in  healthcaregov  96% of last year s total   despite trump admin s outrageous sabotage  ty…
thank you to the salvo family for stopping by to share your story and to bring awareness to als  i am proud to join…
sorry  realdonaldtrump  you re trying to sell concern for  daca  recipients and we re not buying it  you ended daca …
mr  president  if you fire mueller or rosenstein  millions of us will see that as obstructing justice in broad dayl…
i respect the office of the president  but trump clearly does not 
celebrating the dream and the dreamer for m l k day at ugm baptist church with clergy & colleagues   rubendiazjr…
 reidsetzer from  younginvincible on why we need to support simplifying the fafsa process to encourage students fro…
heard lauren day of  indygobus on  1a on  npr this morning  great job  indy busrapidtransit
rt  mbsewald    lvchamber salutes  repjackyrosen for her award from  uschamber eggsand issues teamchamber nick clause captures the moment …
rt  lawgovauwcl  tonight we honor  repraskin as our founder and steadfast supporter for the past 25 years   lawgov25 
rt  umichbball  let s go     michigan leads  54-44  with 2 15 to play     it s time to finish  go blue | elite8
rt  dpham20   replipinski  ranking member of  housescience  we must ensure all individuals treated with dignity they deserve  issue of sexu…
if anyone thought that students would end their advocacy  think again enough is enough
and shout out to my friend  repvaldemings  a distinguished police officer  public servant  and member of congress 
rt  networklobby   it boggles the mind that the snap program is under attack    for me  the value at stake cuts across every faith traditio…
rt  seculardotorg    reploiscapps on the floor of the house   as a person of faith  i cannot stand by while others use religion to deny the…
rt  huskerfbnation  new week  one game at a time   gbr 
  epa is rolling back standards for light-duty vehicle greenhouse gas emissions & fuel economy  this will boost oil…
rt  sirivanlopez  present at this mass are  lorettasanchez and head of  consuladomex and guatemalan consulate  thank you  gracias  mass for…
can someone in trumpland let their puppet-master know that obstruction of justice is an impeachable offense 
wray was appointed by trump  as was rosenstein and boyd – all of whom opposed releasing this memo  if there is a co…
look out  nra  the next generation is making themselves heard and i couldn t be more proud  i m excited to meet wit…
19 years after the columbine shooting  our hearts are with the victims  survivors & families of columbine  & our vo…
 potus eo=return to bad old days  cheaper skimpier plans that don t cover much  don t pay much – but undermine  aca  
listen to the poem sahmi submitted for my office s poetry showcase  truly a powerful statement on immigration &…
happy international womens day  today  we celebrate strong women with a collective call to action in the fight for e…
no way yet to evaluate the rush to fire andrew mccabe  but each fbi official who corroborates comey on the issue of…
monday  march 5th marks six months since trump terminated daca and set into motion a crisis he and republican leade…
i am so thankful to spend mothers day weekend with my mom and the many incredible women in my family  here s to cel…
congresswoman louise slaughter was an icon and true champion for others  she fearlessly led by example  and it was…
had a wonderful time reading with students at the hellenic american academy in lowell for read across america day 
 jtrjules feel free to contact my office if you re planning a trip to dc  we re here to help 
happy casimir pulaski day  appreciate the recognition from the polish american congress and their great work to sup…
standing in solidarity this morning with students in vermont and across the country  you are inspiring the nation t…
rt  repcohen  i joined  davidgura on  msnbc to discuss letter i sent to trump to demand scott pruitt s removal from  epa   pay raises to fri…
our teachers are at the frontlines of fulfilling the american promise of a great public education for all students …
today is equal pay day  let s closethegap 
now is the time to build upon the initial guiding principles of the marquette plan and realize the full economic po…
today on world refugee day  i reflect on the syrian & sudanese refugees whom i have visited & the critical effort needed to keep them safe 
programs like head start keep the doors of opportunity open for all kids and families  regardless of where they liv…
rt  lvchamber  chamber ceo  mbsewald  we appreciate entire nv congressional delegation  repdinatitus  markamodeinv2  repjackyrosen  repkihu…
great to be with  aravellasimotas &  melindakatz celebrating the accomplishments of  cb1queens s marie torniali …
this is very odd  president trump himself nominated tom bowman eight months ago  then he was unanimously confirmed…
rt  aarptx  thanks to  repgenegreen s sponsorship of the raise familycaregiversact there s now more focus on family caregivers nationwide-…
it s always great visiting the beloit boys and girls club  this time around  i was able to perform a magic trick  i…
heard at our bipartisan hearing   sexual harassment is not about sex  it is about power   -- i couldn t agree with…
rt  housejuddems  🚨  breaking  🚨in the wake of vegas mass shooting  top  housejuddems &  nrdems call on  speakerryan to pull gun silencer bi…
4 years ago eva and her husband maxi transformed their neighborhood bodega into corona s top oaxacan restaurant  c…
i was disappointed with president trump s pandering  platitudes and props in tonight s  sotu   you can read my full…
our entire state is deeply saddened by somerset county sheriffs deputy cpl  eugene cole s death in the line of duty…
rt  nytpolitics  pushback to the citizenship question was immediate  xavier becerra  california s attorney general  is suing the trump admi…
my thoughts are with  flotus and the entire first family and hope that melania trump has a swift recovery from this…
this week  i joined  repmarktakano   repgonzalez &  repraulgrijalva in hosting a congressional member forum on the…
i applaud the  cityofhobartin for successfully seeking out and obtaining this cops grant award 
join me on facebook live shortly for a conversation with  sierraclub climate policy director liz perera  we ll disc…
i urge gov  brown to get us on track to a healthy and sustainable salton sea and reduce ca s future economic burden…
  secelainechao s misinterpretation & misrepresentation of facts have already been used to help kill funding for a…
honoring the congressional art competition participants at the national art education association  congratulation…
rt  machinistsunion  local 1580 s lewis spoke about the  siemens  dresserrandco wellesville facility s uncertain future
it is immoral to force tps recipients to return to dangerous conditions  my bill to save t p s  the american promise…
rt  repcicilline  democrats have a real plan to give people a better deal through investing in our workers & reprioritizing groundbreaking r…
today is the 8th anniversary of the affordable care act  proud to support a law that provides millions with health care  protect our care  a c a
as g o p budget slashes spending to pay for  realdonaldtrump s tax cuts  regular families will get stuck with the bill
we re launching volunteers tom to knock doors from offices in oxnard/camarillo/to at 9/12/3  join us for a shift   ca26 
this week s to-do list  pay special attention to the environmental phone banking project--it s vitally important
rt  cspanwj  wed| del   staceyplaskett  d-vi  on hurricane recovery efforts in the virgin islands & puerto rico
had an informative conversation with our friends from  kaporcenter during  cbctech2020  silicon valley visit on crea…
rt  mariauxpen  rep  norma torres trump s  deportation force  and calls for protection of veterans and their families
many have asked what we can do in ma in this political climate  here s one item
i ve introduced the p r i m e act with  repthomasmassie  r-ky  because if we can change federal regulations to make it…
proud to join  dorismatsui as a sponsor of the clean and efficient cars act  which ensures the trump admin can t ro…
congress needs to protect d r e a mers and pass commonsense legislation like the b r i d g e act 
rt  housedemwomen  on average  women are paid just 80 cents for every  1 paid to male counterparts  for women of color  the wagegap is muc…
rt  nytimes  president trump has announced the withdrawal of the united states from the iran nuclear deal
83 percent of the benefits of g o p tax scam go to the wealthiest one percent in this country  and the american people…
our interns play a critical role in helping me serve the people of delaware  i recently took them out for lunch to…
both parties must work together to reassert congress  constitutional role and demand that the president obtain an a…
the effort to protect dreamers continues  i ve just updated coloradans who are engaged in this fight about my ongoi…
so many great projects happening in lake oswego right now  thanks to mayor studebaker for showing me around 
rt  nitalowey  f s aren t good  unless they re from the  nra  thanks for the pin   repjohnyarmuth 
i am incredibly grateful for the great work this past year by usmc major luke wood  who served as a defense fellow…
president trump s  election integrity  commission is a distraction from russian meddling & pretext for suppression 
trump s decision to end  daca  is heartless and irresponsible  destroying the lives of young americans doesn t help america 
rt  jimsciutto  looking forward to interviewing  repswalwell &  francisrooney at 1p et  as well as talking trump-giuliani contradictions wi…
tune in to  newshour tonight on  pbssocal to hear more about the u s aact  our bipartisan bill to protect dreamers …
d r e a mers should not have to wait 10 years to become citizens  let s not forget that most came to  usa  as infants   sotu 
awful tragedy in forest park  as a parent of young children  i cannot imagine what the family of anthony perez is g…
in 2016  i helped break ground on the  midcoasttrolley--a milestone in better connecting san diego s neighborhoods…
witness just pointed out the u s  got a man on the moon in 9 yrs  ptc has taken 50 yrs & it s still not operational…
may is chronic fatigue syndrome/ myalgic encephalomyelitis awareness month  proud to meet with  plzsolvecfs & stand…
we had a great federal export resource conference in fresno this morning  focusing in part on trade and…
2/2 new studies show for  1 spent on pre-disaster mitigation saves  7  hope to see my bill pass t&i soon to save lives and disaster costs
every 98 seconds  someone in america is sexually assaulted  we cannot ignore this crisis – we need to confront it h…
stand with the democrats for a better deal
rt  repcummings  our children are the living messages we send to a future we will never see  the question is how will we send them into tha…
i posted 15 photos on facebook in the album  veterans signage at dhr 
rt  kurtbardella  just published at  cnn com   with  realdonaldtrump on the attack  congress should act to protect journalists and the 1st…
how will the republican tax plan affect you and your family  join me saturday for a tax resource fair  more info he…
 ladepthealth in la  833 725 citizens benefit from medicare & medicare advantage  rt if you agree that the…
 kevinmkruse carry on  teach your children  almost cut my hair running on empty  the road  rosie come together  som…
beat the heat at a wisconsin county fair this summer  it s fun for the whole family 
instead of tackling the real problem that is our broken immigration system  this administration wants to roll back a policy 1/7
happy lunar new year  wishing the aapi community in san diego and imperial counties a prosperous and healthy year ah…
our children and grandchildren are demanding that congress put their lives above the profits of the  nra  they aren…
 tps  helps hundreds of thousands of immigrants whose countries have been ravaged by war or natural disasters save t p s
once again  the president is threatening u s  national security and international stability  the iran nuclear deal…
did you know that bexar county also turned 300 last week  learn more about the history of bexar county as it shares…
amazing to see the incredible entries from all our talented local students in 2018 congressional art competition  c…
today  realdonaldtrump traveled to dallas to pander to the gun lobby at the  nra conference  if today is an average…
rt  housedemocrats    repbobbyrush  il-01  gave the closing remarks at an  nih event introducing a new program that will use research to i…
woody durham s energetic play-by-play accounts were world class  the tar heel community cherished his broadcasts an…
it s march 5th and congress has not passed legislation to protect d r e a mers  today  we are standing with d r e a mers a…
rt  cspanwj  rep  john garamendi  d-ca  joins us today to discuss the recent military action by the u s  against syria amid increased tensi…
so happy to meet eighth-grader salomé  who shadowed me and my staff this morning for take our daughters to congress day…
  repdannydavis  more must be done to bring back our girls  4 years too long
mari waters  so proud of you 
with congress coming back to washington this week  here s a look at our congressional delegation s trip to jordan …
on 4th of july  we reflect on our precious freedoms that we ve fought hard to secure and protect 
i fight for arizona jobs every day and am honored to receive my fifth consecutive  uschamber spirit of enterprise a…
solano-napa habitat for humanity is a driving force behind community development and empowerment and this weekend w…
while the va has long had its issues  there are clear processes for congress and the public to hold it accountable …
congratulations  social enterprise at its best – a business creating a solution for an important social need 
we must protect our d r e a mer they are american in every sense of the word 
i had the privilege of presenting a purple heart to widow of korean war veteran  willie matthews today  i m proud t…
why are the president s false claims about ratings and audience size suddenly making me feel nostalgic for a simple…
rt  luptonsusan  watch rep  keith ellison s video about what s at stack if congress rolls back  cfpb guidance that prevents borrowers of co…
 darkness cannot drive out darkness  only light can do that  hate cannot drive out hate  only love can do that   –…
i hope all of america will join me in saying a prayer for mrs  bush  the former president  and the rest of the bush…
on average  women are paid just 80 cents for every  1 paid to male counterparts  for women of color  the wagegap i…
wishing everyone a very happy2018 
epa s release of the administrator s unredacted calendar for his morocco trip showed little official work  having o…
big banks just received the first installment of benefits corporate america will reap from the new federal tax law …
wishing  repanthonybrown   a fellow freshman and friend in congress  a speedy recovery  he and his family are in my thoughts 
toys r us is closing  33k american jobs lost  and this guy continues to lie about trade deficits with canada  sad
trump s  daca  decision was never about the rule of law and was erratic  impulsive  and based on pure nativism  i st…
rt  pcgtw    repdebdingell reacts on reports that  realdonaldtrump is open to rejoining the  tpp  despite a broad public opposition  never t…
rt  nextgov  bill from  reprokhanna and  repratcliffe would set 2-year deadline for agencies to get digital 
wisconsin small businesses  schools and families depend on a free and open internet  today  i introduced a resoluti…
federal agencies  usbr and  usace are preparing for a dry summer  if you are interested in reclamation s…
i support closing down rikers island but completely oppose the building of a new jail in the south bronx  the commu…
sgt  william carney  civil war hero & 1st african american congressional medal of honor recipient black history month
as a member of the house diabetes caucus  i want to congratulate the ogden & hughes families  this year s honorees…
high school students  my office is now accepting entries for the 2018 congressional art competition  all submissio…
rt  nickalbares   reprichmond  nometrealtors this is an easy one  the richest 1% of earners will see a windfall  and their benefits will gr…
joined 170  housedemocrats in letter to pres  trump calling for action to protect dreamers  comprehensively fund…
rt  repmarcykaptur  thank you to the people of ohio s 9th district  and thank you to my colleagues and everyone who made this honor so spec…
rt  antitrustcaucus  this is the official account of the congressional antitrust caucus  dedicated to fighting corporate monopolies  creati…
a  1 trillion deficit makes it nearly impossible to invest in rebuilding our roads & bridges  fixing our schools  a…
honoring cesar chavez s legacy today in san luis  az by announcing new legislation that will finally allow farmwork…
rt  shannonbrockman  thanks to superstar  repvaldemings staffer aimee collins-mandeville for meeting with me &  joanymeek this morning to d…
what moms need  high-quality  woman-centered healthcare  what moms dont need  repeal of the aca  we need to protect our care 
thank you to rep   davebentz  senator henry  and all members of the ga from both parties  i look forward to signing…
it s a national embarrassment that veterans who served our country have been kicked out & deprived of the care & be…
rt  noonpropa  take a stand  protect your pay  add your name --&gt &gt 
this week congress will vote on a  balanced budget amendment  which would trigger huge automatic cuts to social sec…
talking red for ed and the power of teacher organizing 
and always remember   darkness cannot drive out darkness  only light can do that  hate cannot drive out hate  only love can do that  
i agree with  senjohnmccain   any american who wants to serve our country and is able to meet the standards should…
i want to to thank everyone who participated  especially the residents who asked questions and provided comments  m…
 repdankildee mahalo  repdankildee
rt  philabundance    repbrady shares with  phillyrecord harmful effects  cnr2016  house version will have if remains unchanged 
calling high school artists  it s not too late to submit your piece for this year s congressional art competition …
i ll be on  cnn in a few minutes to discuss the news of the day tune in
excited to announce that the house passed the ego act  a bipartisan proposal to save taxpayer dollars  glad to have…
what is still deductible in the g o ptaxbill  medical expenses ✖️ student loans & tuition waivers✖️ interest for big…
 wall street bonus pay dwarfs that of the average american worker  according to the bureau of labor statistics  the…
rt  oversightdems  breaking   repcummings sends email preservation letters to ivanka & kushner - asks  fbi  to conduct security review htt…
fake president s name-calling skills have really fallen off the ledge  little adam  lame
rt  sxmprogress  is scott pruitt s corruption just a part of the pattern that we see in the trump cabinet   reptedlieu /  tedlieu thinks s…
so proud of all those at the shipyard whose hard work and dedication have made it the  gold standard  for public sh…
passed  the house of representatives just passed our commonsense fix to protect arizona kids from the growing threa…
a3 en un año  millones de mujeres ya han sentido los impactos negativos de la administración trump y su agenda equi…
people pay big money to visit the awesome place we call home  tourists spend more than  21 4b annually in our state…
  speakerryan s to-do list couldn t be clearer  -pass the billionaires-first g o p tax scam  done  -attack funding for…
proud to announce my national animal rescue day resolution  ccasnj  details https //t co/ovtf0amwlc my family s…
this administration s misguided decision to level a tariff on solar panels threatens to hurt thousands of nevada wo…
the u s  postal inspection service has identified two scams targeting veterans  make sure to take the necessary pre…
today in womens history month  i want to recognize helen keller from tuscumbia  al  keller was a tireless advocate f…
rt  repdwightevans  president trump and a gop-led congress appear to want to punish people who can t find a steady job  rather than enact p…
families in my district want to drink clean water and breathe clean air  our drinking water is too important to tak…
student leaders from woodburn s five high schools met with me today to talk politics  can t wait to see what these…
vital journalism re  epascottpruitt = corrupt polluter lapdog rather than enviro watchdog boot pruitt read this th…
rt  unmc  we were awarded nearly  20 million by the  hhsgov for a training & treatment center for highly infectious diseases 
we are shocked and dismayed by the lethal force used by israeli troops against mostly unarmed palestinian protestor…
the results of the census help allocate representatives and electoral votes  government funding  and are essential…
my op-ed in  thehill  our government is stalled- it s time to invest in innovation
saddened to learn of the passing of longtime congresswoman  louiseslaughter  keeping her family in my prayers 
 ywca_rochester we re seeing a true cultural shift that s forcing many institutions  from the u s  military to the…
statement  we worked across the aisle with  senjohnmccain to honor the will of arizona voters and protect  3 5 bill…
proud to be named  most valuable house progressive  by the nation 
read my opening statement here 
every american should ask why republicans have decided to put tax cuts for billionaires ahead of health care for si…
for all children  black panther s use of technology opens up their minds  the movie gives food for thought and enco…
this tax scam gives 83% of its benefits to the top 1%  including billionaires like  realdonaldtrump 
if we can avoid prescribing opioids when non-narcotic medications are enough  we can take an essential step towards…
rt  repgutierrez  original cosponsor  jacksonleetx18 discussing legislation to protect due process and the independence of special counsel…
wonderful breakfast at spanish american center in leominster with  repgutierrez and community leaders to talk abou…
thanks to  nvta_napavalley for stopping by my office in washington to talk about what we can do to support infrastr…
rt  steeleandungar  you can listen to our full conversation with  reploucorrea here 
the resolution affirms a commitment to elevate the voices of historically under-served communities and currently di…
somehow the federal budget for housing & urban development doesn t have enough room for community development block…
my recent interview with  msnbc and  alivelshi v i strong
it s american education week  thx educators & support staff for striving to provide a quality publiceducation for every student   aew2016 
rt  maketheroadny  thank you  reptomsuozzi for your leadership in protecting dreamers & tps holders in your district  your constituents giv…
rt  oversightdems    repcummings  president trump has demonstrated contempt for public servants from his first day in office  he has attack…
rt  mollyknc    reppaultonko at democratic presser ahead of house hearings with  epa administrator scott pruitt  tonko is part of a bicamer…
they try to spread fake news stories to undermine policies that they think would be contrary to their best interest…
today  i had the pleasure of meeting stephanie yellin-mednick  a school nurse with the l a  unified school district…
reunido con el grupo de coordinación de respuesta al zika en puerto rico 
fattah team / real results - 2010 /  3 billion mortgage assistance included in financial bill via  realestaterama
the use of chemical weapons in syria is a horrible war crime  an investigation and unified  comprehensive action is needed 
 bhm  spotlight  austin  texas native ron kirk became the first african american mayor of dallas  he was later nomin…
rt  kevinlove  there s so much power in articulating what you re going through to another person  especially a professional  i want to help…
tune in at 11am  i will be announcing a new action that seeks to protect access to affordable care for californian…
i am very proud of the fact that women in  nm  are launching businesses at a faster rate  and in 2016 the top 50 wom…
rt  caucusonclimate  11 lost lives  5 million barrels of spilled oil  catastrophic loss of wildlife and habitat  that was the result deepw…
great news  the  energycommerce committee passed the comprehensive opioid recovery centers act  a bipartisan bill i…
i am disappointed that  speakerryan and the  housegop are unlikely to allow the amendment to come up for a vote  but not surprised 
today  the house passed legislation to strip away title x funding  war on women
trump pardons  scooter  libby in cia leak case  libby leak
rt  houseagdems  be safe out there   repcheri  plant18
rt  kollinkosmicki   sanbenitohighca senior jasmine ulloa took first place in the 2018 congressional art competition  as announced by  re…
i get it  mc cabe shows lack of candor  is fired and loses pension  flynn and sessions lie and keep their pensions …
rt  repdonbeyer  as house & senate hold hearings on equifax  senategop is quietly courting votes to repeal consumer protections & reinstate…
the corporate interests & dark money behind the janus  scotus  case want to use the court to rig the economy even mo…
 i worry that trump s zero sum  myopically nationalistic vision of the world is misaligned with macron s vision of…
i applaud the students taking part in national walk out day  you are the voice of our future  but gunviolence has si…
it was a treat to present a flag to residents at the vineyard valley mobile home park and to vietnam veteran paul s…
every veteran deserves the care they re promised and should never be turned away from receiving a medical examinati…
rt  uwghrc  faculty  dr  al-sabaak and dr  savabiesfahani with  repjimmcdermott at univ  temple united methodist  starts at 6 
yesterday i voted in favor of a spending bill that will fund the federal government through september and provides…
rt  sba_georgia  residents & businesses affected by hurricane irma can apply for sba disaster loans 
i encourage president trump to act with the utmost urgency and send a resounding message that the foundational equi…
bashar al-assad s use of chemical weapons on his own civilians is abhorrent and beyond the pale  as is the support…
rt  repswalwell  every day   realdonaldtrump brings us closer and closer to a constitutional crisis  he needs a check  there is no excuse f…
merry christmas & happy holidays from my family to yours 
the house passed my bipartisan amendment requiring airlines to provide a simple one page explanation of consumer ri…
today   hudgov awarded  100 million to mo to support disaster recovery after major floods in 2017  the   will go to…
keep up with memphis s  loquaciouslions as they roar their approvals  dissents and general feline-feelings on the…
rt  spudelski  great to chat with  congressmanraja and hang with the amazing judy hackett and tim thomas of fed-ed who do such terrific adv…
  realdonaldtrump did putin tell you he d solve the conflict between israel and the palestinians  what happened to…
rt  maricopafirepio  mfmd captain brad pitassi  bottom right pic  is a lead pio on the swa type 1 imt and had the opportunity to give congr…
 this congress approved  1 8 trillion in tax cuts for the wealthiest corporations and wealthiest people in our coun…
great to meet with sacramento area firefighters local 522 this week  our firefighters do a tremendous job keeping o…
thank you   donaldglover aka childish gambino  who hails from 4th d  for profoundly weighing in on the gun reform d…
  realdonaldtrump s latest shameful action  taking  15 billion in federal funds away that was budgeted for the hurr…
rt  officialcbc    repbrochester  it s up to all of us to fight sexual harassment me too times up
rt  stonelab  meanwhile at  cedarpoint  congratulations to teams from  perkinshigh and  brunswickcsd for winning this year s marine debris…
corporate profits are at an all-time high  but stagnant wages are leaving american workers behind  that s why i m…
  johnjhudak gets it right   deptvetaffairs gets it wrong 
delaney  byrne introduce the don t tax higher education act
yucca mountain would require moving tens of thousands of metric tons of radioactive waste across the country and through southern nevada 
good debate on health care today w  seanspicer & trish regan at  medimpact conf  in san diego 
 secy_state_us  haiti is not ready  save t p s
rt  nycmayor   nycschools  nycsanitation if you have to travel today please exercise caution and stay off the roads if you can  if you can…
nine years ago today   barackobama signed his first bill into law  the lilly ledbetter fair pay act  while signing…
my heartfelt thanks to the capitol police  thank you for protecting me and my fellow members  our staff  and our visitors - everyday 
i m hopeful president trump will talk about rural broadband in tomorrow s stateoftheunion  this digital…
if local communities like parkland want to enact sensible gun laws to save lives  tallahassee should get out of the…
four  two-thirds of  snap  recipients are children  elderly  and people w/ disabilities  five   you want everyone…
i am proud to congratulate the state of israel as it celebrates its 70th independence day  the u s -israel relation…
rt  danielleisb  remember that one time our congressman hugged my kid  invited her to sit at his desk  gave her  1 and encouraged her to ch…
rt  housenewdems  the letter  led by  repcheri   repterrisewell   repanniekuster  and  donaldnorcross outlines the importance of apprentice…
trump pardons  scooter  libby in cia leak case  libby leak
today is the deadline  realdonaldtrump set to end  daca   because of scotus s decision last week  daca recipients ca…
today marks 19 years since the columbine massacre  that s older than many of the parkland students whose voices ar…
rt  runningstart  what s better than a night focused on mentoring w/ 3 congresswomen  replawrence  repbarragan  repdebdingell  3 women ceos…
rt  repswalwell  it s no hoax - russia really did interfere with our election  and we re still investigating the trump campaign s role  let…
happy birthday to thomas jefferson 
dems will seek to publicly release committee transcripts so that the american people have access to evidence—& the…
declaring lake erie impaired is long overdue  we have to remain diligent to heal our lake and work together to redu…
rt  afgenational  12pm today  afge local 2607 members to protest the blatant attack by betsy de vos and  usedgov to strip employees of their…
50 years ago dr  martin luther king jr  stood with striking memphis sanitation workers to demand their freedom to j…
the simple truth is  it doesn t matter your age or where you are in life  we can all recognize when something is wr…
i m so proud of the students making their voices heard for action to prevent gun violence — including the 100  mound…
on teacher appreciation day just like every other  i m proud to fight for the 9 000 teachers like ivonne  a dreamer…
in advance of  epascottpruitt s hearing  i firmly stand with my colleagues in opposition to his proposed cuts to the epa 
yesterday morning  i joined  governortomwolf   meekmill  members of the  palegblkcaucus and stakeholders to call fo…
rt  repmcgovern    housegop told us they wanted to work together  but they shut out democrats & steamrolled a bill they knew the senate wou…
instead of adding trillions to the deficit with an irresponsible tax plan  i urge my colleagues to consider the eco…
so  to recap  trump and the  gop  sell a tax plan that promises to raise wages & boost investment  nope not happeni…
on world autism day  we commit to light it up blue to help promote understanding and awareness for the millions of pe…
do you support tougher sanctions on russia  i m right there with you  according to a recent poll  nearly 7 in 10 am…
republicans have failed to meet their responsibility to govern  1 million children in texas  along with 9 million c…
can t think of better way to spend earth day2018 than on ellington town green  here with  earthlight_tech  a local…
thanks to the g o p tax scam  our nation is expected to hit its debt ceiling earlier than expected  it s outrageous th…
i wanted to remind you of my town hall at  hsfi_news  monday april 30   6 00pm  i will provide an update on my work…
lawyers from the new jersey chapter of  ailanational joined me today to discuss the repeated attacks the trump admi…
now is not the time for any ambiguity on what steps will be taken to protect our personal data  americans need cla…
nebraska and iowa veterans will soon have a state of the art medical facility in omaha 
no one should fear dropping off their kids at school or at a movie theater  i am inspired by the parkland students…
a3  it s appalling that the trump admin continues to increase the number of pregnant women in detention  where thes…
no more help with substance use disorders  no more coverage for maternity care  no more preventative care to help c…
the tax scam undermined decades of bipartisan conservation efforts in order to give the wealthiest americans a tax…
if the florida legislature doesn t have the courage to get weapons of war off our streets  let s give the people of…
ten months since democrats released a plan to lower prescription drug costs  the president is still silent  it s ti…
rt  chiefjeffodell  thank you representative val demings for generously hosting a reception this evening for central florida survivor famil…
   and his  gop colleagues have been so noticeably unwilling to criticize  potus s inhumane deportation strategy 
just a reminder that in march  i invited  betsydevosed to visit struggling voucher schools in wisconsin  six week…
extending a very warm welcome and expressing deep gratitude to the navy band southwest brass quintet for   
our hearts go out to the families and friends of dozens of people  including 9 reporters  killed by twin blasts in…
rt  repjudychu  with millions of families seeing a tax hike and 83% of all benefits going to the top 1 percent  its clear the g o p tax scam i…
 my fellow americans  we must be ready to stand up again and again to answer the call when our nation is under atta…
rt  nrdcwater  rep   bettymccollum04 asks about the ethics review for pruitt s sweetheart condo arrangement -- did they have complete info …
so pleased  vadetroit has been selected as a priority site for a new va fisher house location  this was a true comm…
tomorrow  april 28th  is drug take back day  for more info and to find a safe  convenient and responsible place to di…
this mental health month  let s work to cure stigma and change the conversation by supporting those who are struggli…
rt  oversightdems  breaking   repcummings seeks subpoena after white house stiffs gowdy on security clearance docs 
scott lloyd should have been fired months ago for putting the health and safety of young unaccompanied minors in gr…
rt  lvmpd  the police unity tour - team vegas is in washington  d c  for police week2018  teams across the country ride into d c  leading u…
throughout my tenure as a legislator  my priorities have never changed  i ve always been committed to finding solut…
proud to sign on to this bipartisan letter with my colleagues  syria
our liberian neighbors deserve our full support  we should be providing a path to citizenship for liberian ded reci…
it was an honor to address the 98th annual disabled american veterans department of minnesota convention today  tha…
irs free file can help save you time and money this tax season  see if you re eligible at
proud to join  billpascrell to slam the trump admin s cruel decision to severely limit the number of refugees who c…
today is a victory for justice & equality  i m pleased alabama chief justice roy moore was removed from the bench - he s not above the law
rt  oversightdems  breaking  republicans are now attacking the fbi in order to undermine special counsel mueller and protect president trum…
congrats to  mikaelashiffrin  check out her run  team u s a pyeong chang2018 winter olympics
entries can also be mailed to  congressional art competition office of rep  rick nolan duluth technology village 1…
not having power is frustrating  i am still w/o at my home  but let us keep in mind the inherent danger our wapa linemen face each day 
incredible news  glad to see our tourism economy continue to grow and succeed 
started the day practicing mindfulness with ms  herschschlein s kindergarten class at mount pleasant elementary—one…
want to learn more about my bipartisan bill to simplify medicare enrollment for seniors  click to read this great o…
great hearing from french president  emmanuelmacron about our two countries rich history and how we can work togeth…
pleased to sign this letter to support strong buy american policies in upcoming nafta renegotiation discussions 
l shanah tovah  wishing a happy & healthy new year to everyone celebrating rosh hashanah in  ny04  & around the world 
rep  tulsi gabbard has continued to fight to keep air travel taxes & fees as low as possible for people in hawaii…
as dean of the delegation  i hosted my democratic & republican colleagues from the ny congressional delegation befo…
congratulations  lacey
about 600 of us left brown chapel to march in a peaceful  orderly  nonviolent fashion  selma52
a mind to work  
the trump administration s proposed tiprule would make it legal for employers to pocket the tips earned by their e…
given recent attacks on our democracy  we need to vote on my bills to protect our election integrity …
thank you jack benny middle school for inviting me to drop by this morning s 8th grade assembly and answer student…
loebsack announces winner of 2017 congressional art contest people s choice award
as a former educator  thank you to all the teachers who do a wonderful job educating our kids  happy…
for this week s magic monday  here s one of the greatest card handlers in magic  ricky jay  don t play cards with h…
congrats    jamiraburley
  epascottpruit is literally locking the doors  prohibiting note-taking  and shutting down public transparency at t…
my interview this morning w/ mariabartiromo on flawed gop tax plan  eliminating salt would devastate ny taxpayers 
rt  thedcarts  next up we have cha cha and the suspectz to keep up entertained here on the national mall summer set d c 202 creates  cgonsoci…
rt  repdankildee  four years later  flint families are still recovering from the water crisis and having to use filters & bottled water  in…
great town hall today in aliceville  thanks to everyone who turned out - we need to make your voices heard in congr…
rt  andclev  both  repmiketurner and  nikiinthehouse bring up physiological episodes during this combat aviation fy19 budget hearing  also…
louise slaughter was a trailblazer  a champion for women & diversity and a cherished colleague  i will miss her lea…
thank you for your nearly 20 years of service to the bethel community  warren 
summer 2013 intern justin shares his favorite part of our internship program  apply by march 16 …
mourning the loss of congresswoman louise slaughter today  louise was a trailblazer who paved the way for so many o…
 the 2018 farm bill slated for floor consideration next week would impose draconian new requirements that would pre…
rt  zcohencnn   i believe that president putin has clearly come to the conclusion there s little price to pay here   rogers said  adding th…
once again the trump administration is recklessly attempting to gut the primary office responsible for combatting a…
rt  first_focus  now  check out  cpag_usa for a livestream and livetweeting of the launch of our kids  our future  solutions to child pover…
we are now in a world in which north korea  our enemies and our allies know that an american commitment is worth no…
the real winners of the g o p tax scam have become clear--not workers and consumers  but shareholders 
your active  informed participation matters  keep pushing for accountability 
rt  harvardchlpi  if you missed yesterday s foodis medicine congressional briefing w   repmcgovern  a recording is available on our fb page…
rt  transportdems  ranking member  reppeterdefazio on the importance of our nation s railroad  pipeline  and hazmat safety regulations http…
internet inequality threatens economic equity in our classrooms and communities  we will not allow  fcc s attack on…
let today serve as a call to action for us to push past partisanship  to ensure americans are paid equal pay for eq…
rt  senatorisakson  the georgia congressional delegation always helps make academy day a truly unique opportunity  thanks to  repdavidscott…
rt  jenmonago  thanks for visiting us   gerryconnolly   thrilled to have you in our corner  ❤️ 
that s me on the pole  i spent some time on sat  w/ ibew local 1049 s apprenticeship program - which requires 7000…
meeting with  wwu s institute for energy studies to learn more about their interdisciplinary energy studies program…
i am saddened to hear of the passing of my dear friend  former state rep  maxine berman  her many accomplishments d…
what an honor  today  i took part in the ribbon cutting for the new runway at the delaware airpark  when we invest…
as trump russia investigation nears completion  it s time for  realdonaldtrump to come clean  it s quite binary  ei…
house gop released their version of farm bill today  to no one s surprise  their plan is more subsidies for industr…
rt  mililaff  happening now  town hall for our lives at  ilima_inter  thank you to  rephanabusa for joining us this morning 
good to see so many friends at the all islands association 44th annual hacinth s  peters scholarship luncheon today…
rt  nancypelosi  it s wonderful to hear that  realdonaldtrump wants to fight opioid addiction  he should start by requesting congress quick…
 realdonaldtrump and  gop in congress claim their tax cuts will create growth and jobs  history says they re wrong 
rt  repgracemeng  congress must act on zika funding  critical that we protect families & kids   housegop  you must do your job 
read more here 
thank you  claytoncountypd for your service 
quiero un camión de tacos en cada esquina 
rt  texasdemocrats  two years ago  marriage equality became the law of the land  🏳️‍🌈
incredibly proud dad today  my oldest son  cullen  is graduating from the naval academy prep school this weekend  t…
joining  msnbc  hardball  hardballchris tonight at 6 15pmct/7 15pmet to discuss the house intelligence committee majority s russia report 
first lady barbara bush has touched lives around the world with her faith  grace  and humor  sending my thoughts to the entire bush family 
today s  housejudiciary hearing on debunked claims of social media censorship was a waste of taxpayer funds  rather…
well said   jeffflake   for the record  i stood several times during the  sotu  speech  
rt  engineorg  thank you  repraskin for supporting maryland startups 
last month i wrote a letter to  secretaryross opposing the addition of a citizenship question to the 2020 census  i…
each year my office hosts a teen summit job and college fair to help connect students to resources and opportunitie…
netneutrality will officially die in 3 days thanks to the republican-controlled  fcc   rt  if you think the interne…
after passing a  2 trillion tax cut for the rich without a thought toward the deficit  republicans are bringing a h…
interested in attending a service academy  come to my service academy info night oct  9  6-8p at eastlake high info…
click below to visit my website page dedicated to hurricane maria disaster response resources  additionally  should…
rt  everettherald   write  call  email    repdelbene tells lake stevens high school students regarding gun control legislation  via  herald…
the g o p tax plan will raise the national debt by  1 5 trillion  that s trillion with a  t  
i m excited to share that the following farmers markets have recently become outlets for double up food bucks  dixon…
rt  k_jeanpierre  i can t even  don t not come for auntie  repmaxinewaters
our military wouldn t be the elite force it is today without military spouses  thank you to all the men and women w…
and then there s fox business guest talking-head and trump defender ret  air force lt  gen  thomas mcinerney  who r…
  potus  revised travelban is not about national security  but rather targets people based on their background  it…
looking forward to cheering on western wisconsin s matt antoine   mattantoine  and ben loomis   lenboomis  - and al…
rt  repesty  you see 7 000 pairs of shoes to represent 7 000 children killed due to gun violence since sandy hook  i see 7 000 birthdays  h…
about to chat with  melmcintire from  rollcall about the current health care policy landscape and challenges …
happy to see people enjoying detroit lake this summer  thanks to everyone working to keep the marinas afloat 
rt  taps4america  join us for special screening of  korengalmovie on capitol hill w  sebastianjunger &  repjimmcdermott  veterans week
during this government shutdown  i am continuing to work for permanent legislative protections for our d r e a mers an…
on the central coast  you can now book online to tour & see beautiful views from the piedras blancas lighthouse 
rt  repmikequigley  from property damage & economic challenges to health/safety risks  americans are often unaware of the dangers they face…
rt  repteddeutch  ahead of tonight s cnn parkland town hall  you re invited to join me   everytown   momsdemand   sandyhook   giffordscourag…
republicans just released the nunes memo  ignoring warnings from the fbi and department of justice that doing so wi…
rt  repmarkpocan  we are shocked & dismayed by the lethal force used by israeli troops against mostly unarmed protestors demonstrating in …
nothing changes inside the capitol without persistent and consistent pressure from outside the capitol  thank you a…
when you combine the ingenuity of the american people with the passion of eagles fans you get      
met with the army corps of engineers to discuss local projects such as flood control on the pajaro and san lorenzo…
there are too many parts of texas where people can t get online to look for a job  take an online course  or read t…
this infrastructure plan is a sham  which amounts to a toll tax that san gabriel valley residents do not want and c…
the fact is administrator pruitt has used this office as nothing more than an opportunity to enrich himself and his…
we need to put the united states in the strongest trade position possible - when this president threatens our allie…
it was a pleasure to join the u s  department of agriculture yesterday to announce two grant awards to utrgv   
san antonio dems criticize proposed cuts to  snap  via  tprnews protect s n a p farmbill2018
rt  waysmeanscmte    repjimmcdermott   i encourage my republican colleagues to move beyond cynical attacks and to join me in working to mak…
my full statement on  realdonaldtrump s growing trade war and its negative impact on illinois farmers …
 tbt  to otd 5 yrs ago   1 2 trillion in blunt  across-the-board spending cuts went into effect  republicans  cared …
while the political and military situations are complex  one thing is abundantly clear  the united states cannot tu…
rt  repseanmaloney  congress has got to invest in our failing water systems  there is no more time to waste  dont forget flint
congrats to  wa10  manufacturer  alaffiaskincare on the nationwide expansion of their retail network  alaffia create…
well the students from parkland seem to show us that standing up and speaking out can make a difference  representa…
wow wow wow  this is how desperate and corrupt the fossil fuel industry is 
a mind to work  
this week s action newsletter--check it out 
the sarah long bridge is essential for commerce & the portsmouth naval shipyard  i am so glad that its replacement…
on national voter registration day  remember that your vote is your voice  find a drive  bring a friend  and register today 
rt  waysmeanscmte    reprichardneal   by enlisting the assistance of medicare providers  we in congress can create policies that better hel…
it s been 19 years since columbine  if you want to end gun violence you should be as angry as i am  housegop has bl…
rt  edworkforcedems  today  ranking member  bobbyscott met with  cncs_ceo  barbara stewart  ahead of our full committee hearing next tues…
i joined an enthusiastic group of students at  pencollege this evening to talk about what s on their minds  thanks…
congratulations to the new  wbcboxing world champion  jose ramirez  you make our san joaquin valley proud …
a vote for a continuing resolution without a clean dream act is a vote against dreamers  and rest assured  under no…
the greater los angeles area is home to the largest armenian diaspora community in the united states  i stand with…
rape is rape  and rape is wrong 
  housegop s farm bill proposal seals their betrayal of rural communities & the seniors  veterans  individuals with…
great meeting folks at  dancingdeer baking co &  roxtech today  enjoyed meeting employees and learning more about both businesses mapoli
i m joining  repjoecourtney and a representative from the irs for a seminar on the irs casualty loss deduction for…
thank you to all the young people participating in today s national school walkout  keep raising your voices and par…
rt  housebluedogs  as this vile and dangerous extremist ideology grows in strength  we need to take steps to protect americans  that s why…
for many  daca  recipients – who often come to the u s  fleeing dire situations – this is the only home they have ever known 3/7
 and now goodbye again  all of you—gerhard  ilse mouse  hannele child  little eva  and my precious dorle  may god p…
el gobierno de puerto rico debe utilizar este mecanismo para realizar una consulta sobre si la isla debe convertirse en un estado 
president trump is looking for someone to blame for ronny jackson s failed va nomination  but the truth is that the…
honored to join  rephuffman this morning at  first5marin s policy breakfast  we ll be discussing how we can fight b…
net neutrality ensures free speech and the protection of consumers  bedrock american values which have successfully…
  jerusalem_post s  mawilner  u s  lawmakers demand progress on plo lawsuit for american victims of terror
congratulations to  senduckworth on the birth of her second daughter 
 realdonaldtrump is holding up a bipartisan bill to lower health insurance premiums and save taxpayers  198 billion 
meet ms  kirtina jones  she is the  durhamcounty teacher of the year  giving thanks to ms  jones and teachers acros…
live shot of pruitt out buying milk
rt  exchangeswtci  a big thanks to  anthonybrownmd4 for taking some time out to talk veteran affairs with our u k  delegation  my u k2 u s a 🇬🇧…
rt  vincentharding  thank you to 500 or so that have come so far to atx l t  great speeches by  wendydavis &  replloyddoggett   mannygarciat…
title x is critical to ensuring everyone – especially low-income women of color – have access to the comprehensive…
it s been 8 yrs since the largest oil spill in us history  now  realdonaldtrump wants to expand offshore drilling t…
 the researchers couldn t find any trace  in federal records or online  of half of the 228 groups it tracked that p…
open enrollment starts tomorrow  you may be eligible for help with your premiums – 8 in 10 people qualified last ye…
rt  repswalwell  four years later  flint families still must use filters & bottled water  in the richest country in the world  that s unacc…
best of luck to the  warriors as they kick off their playoff run  let s go dubs 
every american deserves to have their voice heard  it s about time we remove dark money out of politics  rt if you…
rt  housenewdems  newdem healthcare task force co-chairs  repschrader  repanniekuster &  repbera led plan to improve insurance mkts
if this  reuters report s true  this undermines our work to get to the bottom of this mess & counteracts my efforts…
i was fortunate enough to secure an additional ticket for tonight s  sotu   my guest will be michael taylor  vp of…
the one year anniversary of pres  trump s inauguration is also the first day of the gop s trump shutdown 
my full interview this week with  msnbc  hardball  hardballchris on  devinnunes document request from…
the awesome folks of wisconsin deserve better than scott walker s trickle-down non-sense  the numbers prove it  che…
rt  repstephmurphy  the students of marjory stoneman douglas returned to class today for the first time since the parkland shooting  what…
proud to recognize my constituent grace on receiving the congressional bronze medal of achievement for reaching her…
the castro staff attended the burial of vietnam war veteran and  usarmy maj  donald g  carr today in san antonio  i…
team peters attended the groundbreaking of a new  deptvetaffairs clinic in chula vista 
rt  reploisfrankel  equal pay day recognizes that women must work 3 extra months just to earn the same pay as men  closing the gender wage ga…
rt  edmpirg    repmaloney gets mulvaney to admit he s started zero  cfpb  enforcement actions since november  protect consumers stop the deb…
 icymi   trump tried to hide his shameful trans military ban in a friday news dump  it s spiteful  doesn t have milit…
i joined  repjoseserrano and over 50 colleagues in sending a letter to  stevenmnuchin1 urging him to expedite the c…
rt  votevets    realdonaldtrump do you still believe a president must go to congress before striking assad  we do 
congratulations to  atherton_high senior emily aycock  national winner of my 2018 congressional art competition for…
moving the world trade center health program would put the care our 9/11 heroes need at risk  this decision is ju…
i m still in washington but i stand with every single teacher rallying in frankfort today  120 strong
today is  un int l day to end violence against women  info & stats on this pandemic 
rt  danielbiss  this isn t just about the need to defeat rauner  i m endorsing jb because of the progressive campaign he s running and the…
republicans have lost the right to claim fiscal responsibility after blowing a  2 trillion hole in the deficit just…
the job of congress and the president is not to offer  thoughts and prayers   it s to protect children from harm …
my op-ed in the memphis commercial appeal  memphisnews   we still need m l k s  fierce urgency of now    concerning…
so much interest in 60 minutes tonight  i ve always appreciated how unstoppable giannis antentounmpo is in the lane…
rt  sensherrodbrown  watch live  as  repmarcykaptur becomes the longest-serving woman in the history of the house of representatives this w…
the opioid epidemic across long island  and america  is a public health emergency  and needs to be treated that way…
all californians – regardless of immigration status – have rights  at a time when the trump administration is sowi…
rt  johncraigwnyt  flags flown over u s capitol on behalf of three rustin boys  usnavy presented by  repjohnfaso  reppaultonko to family mem…
  realdonaldtrump knows exactly what he s doing  and he thinks he can continue to get away with it  we can t let him 
rt  jasonrothfl  good to see congressman  allawsonjr & congressman  kycomer at the  jaxchamber this morning talking about resources for min…
abandoning the iran deal not only hurts our credibility overseas but puts the u s  in a weak position on future ins…
sex trafficking is a plague on humanity & has dramatically impacted our san joaquin valley  in this speech  i call…
rt  reduce_spending  we re happy to be involved in money-saving efforts like this   repcartwright
rt  shannonrwatts  not  one  second  maxine waters is a national hero   
experts & our allies all agree that this landmark agreement has been successful in preventing iran from obtaining a…
it s not  off the table  until it s actually off the table  we must remain vigilant to protect florida from drillin…
rt  nwindianalife    repvisclosky &  teamgaryindiana announced the  us_eda awards grant to develop national civil rights hall of fame  htt…
today is take back day  where americans can turn in expired  unused and unwanted over-the-counter and prescription d…
this was a compromise and i m disappointed bipartisan proposals like the  dream  act were not included  there is no…
i am pleased that we now can provide federal agencies & programs with the certainty they need to carry out their mi…
team mike  have you voted yet  polls are open for another 7 hours and we need your support  go team mike  masen
so proud to have you on the hill today   ryanforrecovery  thank you for your courage  for sharing tyler s story  an…
really enjoyed speaking to small business owners from central florida at the 2018  franchising411 symposium this we…
rep  cicilline visits with seniors in pawtucket to hear about the issues that they want congress to address 
check out our east bay congressional app challenge winners who created an app to find businesses with gender-neutra…
thanks to the students  faculty  and administration at infinity institute for inviting me to hear about their capit…
on peace officers memorial day  we pay tribute to the local  state  and federal law enforcement officers who have die…
rt  housedemocrats  one year ago today   housegop and president trump celebrated their vote to take health care away from 22 million americ…
sanctions against russia passed the house 419-3 and the senate 98-2  president trump is ignoring congress while his…
congratulations to the omni financial center on their grand opening and ribbon cutting  only in district1  nv01 
proud to kickoff the walk2 end alz in plymouth w/  alzassociation - beautiful morning and a great crowd
the omnibus made nearly  20 million available to fl through  eacgov to secure election equipment throughout the sta…
rt  markwarner  every member of congress  republican and democrat  needs to speak up in defense of the special counsel  now 
reps  delauro  pascrell  & i led a letter  signed by 183 members of congress  to the u s  trade representative dema…
it s ok for trump to come to california  as long as he doesn t go back to washington 
the equifax data breach shook public confidence in the entire credit rating industry 
rt  americanrivers    repraulgrijalva   nikiinthehouse   repblumenauer   replowenthal   rephuffman  and  repjayapal - thank you for opposin…
outdated regulations keep arizona small businesses from growing and hiring more workers  we passed the fostering in…
rt  repmceachin  it s tax day – which means my republican colleagues will be talking up the g o p tax scam until they are blue in the face  ju…
rt  repteddeutch  last night  our community stood together with the mourning families  now  we must turn our thoughts and prayers into acti…
today we remember those who paid ultimate sacrifice in defense of our nation & freedoms we enjoy  freedomisnotfree
  potus is right that our police  military and veterans deserve our total and unwavering support  we will make sure…
this reckless attitude towards americans  lives and careers is exactly why this man should not be president  mr  mc…
 housedemocrats  realdonaldtrump  repjimmygomez  repgutierrez  repjerrynadler  repcummings  repjayapal…
rt  ticas_org   repbrochester  bobbyscott  repsusandavis  repbera bill would also provide critical data on % of students who are selected f…
 icymi    the white house has made it official  the all-republican government in washington has no major legislative…
joined  nancypelosi and  frankpallone today in reminding the  fcc that the national cap on tv station ownership is…
rt  wastatelib  our state librarian cindy aden and a contingent of wa library powerhouse  representatives was in dc last week for library l…
rt  repcohen  my office hosts  congress on your corner  coyc  events throughout memphis to help tn09 residents w/questions&concerns about f…
louise slaughter was an inspiration  a principled leader who understood & defended the values of hardworking people…
day 17 of womens history month -  speakerryan  your silence is deafening  you can either protect millions of women f…
appearing on  msnbc with  yasminv at about 4 10 today  comey cohen chemical weapons 
know a high school student who is an artist  i am now accepting submissions for the 2018 congressional art competit…
in violating the iran nuclear deal  president trump has triggered a self-inflicted crisis that will increase oil pri…
rt  housedemocrats  watch live  house democratic leaders provide an update on the trump shutdown
we have remarkable students in our district  and i had the opportunity to recognize several of them for their achie…
under  realdonaldtrump s  america first  agenda america has found itself last as trump s foreign policy continues t…
rt  garywhite13   repdarrensoto invites julie hill-gabriel of  nationalaudubon as guest at joint session of congress with french president…
m₃a₁r₁k₅ y₄o₁u₁r₁ c₃a₁l₁e₁n₁d₂a₁r₁s₁ 
ice s targeting of immigrants outside of courthouses in queens  the bronx  and throughout  nyc  is a threat to our…
fortunately  committee democrats have been demanding answers and five independent federal investigations are now be…
from the horrifying reality of constant school shootings  to the everyday threats of gun violence faced in cities l…
tune in now to wbz newsradio 1030 am to hear my discussion with dan rea on  wbznightside 
hope staff didn t say that  to clarify  committee reps & dems have own staff  website  & social media  here is the…
improving our infrastructure is bipartisan  and we should be able to come to an agreement that emphasizes need  no…
rt  repbonnie  i am calling for polluting pruitt s resignation  he is a disgrace to public service and is currently under at least 7 indepe…
thank you to our amazing volunteers in camarillo     ca26   gotv  we stand with julia
 epaoig again  for a brief accounting of just some of these taxpayer-funded flights  check out this previous…
asked  commercegov about proposed cuts to  nws staffing  this could undermine weather forecasting and public safety…
the administration is required to accept new  daca  applicants and uphold the current law  i will keep working towar…
to help pay for tax breaks for the 1%  the g o p tax scam will also cause americans  health insurance premiums to skyr…
in america  the rule of law must prevail over politics  fundamental rights of free speech and peaceful assembly gua…
  realdonaldtrump continues to nominate unqualified individuals to run our nation s most critical agencies and depa…
the house is moving ahead as well  we now have 160 cosponsors on the cra to save net neutrality
today  i joined 64 of my colleagues calling for the resignation or firing of scott pruitt  his unethical behavior …
rt  repyvetteclarke  i ve also asked mr  zuckerberg what facebook has done to stop these kind of racially divisive tactics from being explo…
if  potus is looking to display a real  time cover  he should consider this one  with parkland survivors  it s p…
rt  hispaniccaucus  🗣🗣🗣 césar chávez risked his life to overcome the very racism & bigotry that rep  gohmert espouses  for him to twist & w…
we come together today to celebrate and give thanks as we remember and help those who are less fortunate  thank you…
i had a great time at the 3rd annual donny higgins winter gala  family & friends of donny higgins have done a fanta…
stan  green energy starts   home  what are you doing to educate your family   thinktechhi live now 
rt  ilhousing  a reminder to please join us on april 7 from 10am–1pm for a free housing fair to help struggling homeowners and prospective…
rt  repbobbyrush  my staff wanted to see what they could get with a buck fifty a week  they learned that they can t even buy a bottle of water…
i m speaking at the florida healthcare summit and i d like to see you there  let s bring humanity and common sense…
next week  there will be a vote to impeach the bigot-in-chief  our constituents expect us to eliminate  not tolerat…
i commend the historic steps by  barackobama  whitehouse to chart new course for cuba policy by establishing us diplomatic relations w cuba
moreover  this farm bill fails to invest in rural development and bioenergy programs  and undermines conservation efforts 
great to meet with barbara and gerry from  aarphawaii to discuss supporting our caregivers and kūpuna by protecting…
net neutrality protects small businesses and innovators in our district by ensuring they have a level playing field…
 jenniferwillen yes
say congrats to this year s congressional art competition winner  from alabama s 7th congressional district  destin…
see you saturday california at  vromans  cali  lax  big guns gun safety gun lobby rep steve israel
medicaid and the protections guaranteed by the  aca  have helped americans grappling with substance use disorders g…
rt  leedsgarcia  important oped from house dem caucus chair  repjoecrowley on new york state policy  bail reform will bring justice
proud to join  senduckworth in introducing legislation to help struggling & homeless veterans get back on their f…
why is that whenever the president speaks of immigration it always seems to be in the context of gang members and m…
every student  regardless of immigration status  is entitled to feel safe and secure at school  families should not…
forbes  really  have some class  consider national geographic  dump trump
rt  barackobama  there are few issues more important to the security of the us than the potential spread of nuclear weapons or the potentia…
disregard for consumer data privacy is shameful and equifax needs to be held accountable 
happy to talk  call my minneapolis or dc office 
i am once again honored to join the michael e  debakey va medical center for their annual national salute to vetera…
i think we should engage the high school students of  ny03   and all of long island  to promote gun violence preven…
 jim_brunner that s cold  jim 
while ernie was focused on helping fellow veterans  my office assisted him with obtaining the va benefits he had e…
rt  garywhite13   repdarrensoto says bill he promoted that unanimously passed house is first step toward protecting kissimmee river as  wil…
americans have had enough of the chaos in republican-controlled washington 
rt  latimes  a man who threatened to kill rep  maxine waters is expected to plead guilty to threatening a united states official  he told t…
last week  the house passed the nuclear waste policy amendments act  a bill i cosponsored that will lift the burden…
the tornado in albany has tragically claimed another life  my heartfelt prayers go out to the family of patricia ann gohman 
trump shamelessly made the decision to end daca & his  art of the deal  continues to be using children s lives as b…
the beau biden gun violence prevention act also will ensure that delaware s health professionals and law enforcemen…
rt  glfop  the fop stands with  billpascrell   davereichert  and the 133 other members of congress who support robust funding for the  cops…
without the affordable care act  leslie from tiverton would not have been able to afford the preventative screening…
what are you top 10 of the worst provisions in the  housegop tax bill  share them
rt  saccteam  our 2018 host committee for our 2nd annual capital region executive leadership mission  saccteam  regionbiz  mayor_steinberg…
had a wonderful time seeing the innovation and creativity on display this year at the silicon valley u s  patent an…
enjoyed stopping by the international day of the child event in independence this weekend to celebrate america s ch…
rt  repdwightevans  we need to make strategic investments and help our communities  instead of throwing individuals in jail for small viola…
proud to join my  housedemocrats colleagues today to introduce a legislative package that will give economic power…
every day i get letters from nevada students begging congress to act to protect them from gun violence  i read ever…
rt  repjimmygomez  she s 85 and still raising hell for our rights  happy birthday to the one and only  notorious r b g   supreme court justic…
50 years after martin luther king s assassination  we still feel his loss as we confront the injustices that contin…
if  realdonaldtrump wants to take care of our veterans  then his focus should be on improving va hospitals and rec…
rt  officialcbc  this is just a photo op   realdonaldtrump  if you care about minority businesses  why does your budget propose to eliminat…
team gottheimer joined faith leaders of different backgrounds for a national day of prayer service to pray for amer…
gearupworks everywhere  
thanks  nbaybohemian for the ride & the interesting discussion 
cantwell  young  markey  delaney & olson introduce bill to further understand and promote development of artificial…
70 years ago  israel declared its independence and created the modern jewish state  70 years later  israel has flou…
 whiphoyer you re right   whiphoyer  as this new update from the  house_drtf shows  the relationship between the go…
another week  another lie by  realdonaldtrump  despite the president s repeated attacks on dreamers  my democratic…
rt  mayorbriley  we are one week away from the deadline to register to vote in the may 1 election  register online now and go vote t n
update  the building blocks of stem act  a bill i cosponsored  is up for a vote on the house floor today  this legi…
at a time of rising nationalist sentiment  president macron is a champion for democracy  peace and security in euro…
rt  repthompson  the president s public posturing on potential military action in syria is reckless and irresponsible  launching missiles i…
rt  taps4america  join taps   repjimmcdermott &  sebastianjunger tonite  uscapitol for korengal screening & talk on transitioning vets
check out some of the great dishes from  dpsi2018  
wishing good luck to  dennis_magnasco  who serves on my team in salem  and the rest of the military relay team runn…
rt  ncaied  thanks  normajtorres for her continued leadership to ensure committee passage of the jobs for tribes act  learn why this legisl…
it s important to take time to remember how far we ve come and the work that s left to be done in the struggle for…
i have constituents living in cars & on the streets because of soaring housing costs  students are taking on 2-3 jo…
congresswoman louise slaughter was a truly remarkable woman  it was a privilege to know her and experience such a g…
rt  repjoecrowley  mick mulvaney is on another rampage at the  cfpb  this time  he wants to hide information from the public on the wrongdo…
tax day truth 2  to pay for tax breaks for the 1% and their wealthy donors  the g o p tax scam will cause americans …
this bigoted assumption that immigrants from country x cannot assimilate has been used as a weapon against every wa…
china has stopped buying u s  soybeans because president trump launched a trade war with no strategy behind it  wel…
rt  housedemocrats  happy mothers day to all the moms out there who do everything they can for their families  you are strong  you are brav…
net neutrality protects small businesses and innovators in our district by ensuring they have a level playing field…
free associate s degrees coming for some phila  h s  students phillyhighlight
rt  madonnalong  thank you  repkihuen thank you for meeting with my buddy joe today n your support of people with disabilities in n v  nca…
this trump trade war is bad for illinois  thank you to the  suntimes for speaking out against these trump tariffs th…
rt  repmikequigley  in our letter   repjoseserrano   nitalowey & i explain that these programs provide individuals in detention with essent…
the department of homeland security under president trump has already ripped tps protections away from nearly 200 0…
honored to announce the heroes lesley zerebny and gilbert vega first responder survivor support act 
rt  getuscovered  🚨 today is the deadline to get covered 🚨 go sign up for affordable health coverage right now at
congratulations to everyone who made this weekend s kiki raina tahiti fete in merced such a success  these cultur…
rt  tnchawaii  heading in to see  repmarktakai staff to wish him well and thank him for his support for hawai i and powerofnature
rt  usgsvolcanoes  the latest  civildefensehi update about the kilauea eruption at leilani estates can be found here 
april is s t d month18  a time to highlight access to quality and affordable health care for every american  learn mo…
the senate judiciary committee s bipartisan decision to approve legislation that would protect special counsel robe…
so proud to honor st  petersburg legend and hero  officer freddie crawford  from your days protecting our streets a…
esta es una propuesta originalmente mía  cuenta con mi respaldo 
happy birthday to a true hero  justice ruth bader ginsberg  her contribution to our country through her decades on…
so inspired by all those who took a stand to demand action to end gun violence this week  i hear you  i stand with…
protect dreamers go nancy go  
trump russia the truth is closing in and the coverup is falling apart  collusion money laundering…
rt  edworkforcedems   read  ranking members  bobbyscott and  pattymurray s blog   every young learner deserves affordable  high-quality educ…
tune in   1 45pm ct on  msnbc w/ davidgura to discuss the latest on votingrights and  realdonaldtrump s racist rant against immigrants 
it was a pleasure to stop by the bell gardens veterans park senior center to take part in their mothers day celebra…
rt  whiphoyer  joined  repdavideprice &  repschneider in an op-ed for  time to call on president andrzej duda  prime minister mateusz moraw…
recent revelations & untruths call into question the testimony of a lot of key players who should be brought back t…
scooter libby lied to investigators & obstructed justice while working in the white house   realdonaldtrump s pardo…
rt  prochoicecaucus  this caucus condemns  housegop efforts to insert divisive  anti-choice policies into the continuing resolution to fund…
president reagan understood then what 60% of the american people do now  walls dont work
rt  webertom1  at 11 on  dailycircuit  i ll speak w/ mn cd7 rep  collinpeterson  ahead of next tuesday s election 
my live telephone town hall is about to begin  i m looking forward to a great discussion about the many things happ…
polluting pruitt is the subject of at least seven different independent federal investigations  i m supporting a re…
rt  paulbegala  so impressed by the work my pal  vanjones68   repjeffries & others are doing to pass bipartisan prison reform 
there s absolutely no place in this country for the hate & racism we saw last weekend  we must condemn bigotry everywhere  charlottesville
i look forward to continuing to work with our community partners to protect programs that support critical affordab…
great meeting with  ccdstockton  we talked about a number of policy priorities  including the need to find a perman…
i was honored to join troop 1 east greenwich for their eagle court of honor ceremony   boyscouts
1971 was when i first came to congress  not too long after enactment of civil rights act & voting rights act  your vo…
at least 26 people  including kids  felt that way in the moments before they became the victims of another mass shooting in america 
rt  disneychannelpr  elenaof avalor was la madrina of the east los angeles mexican independence day parade
en mi carta enviada al gobernador le solicité que su administración debe tomar acción ahora para cumplir con promesa
 5 751 for a bandage and ice pack  americans are struggling with ridiculous bills like this every day because of ou…
  realdonaldtrump has refused to hold russia accountable for attacking our democracy  i m cosponsoring a bill to re…
every day we learn more about the cultureof corruption running rampant in  realdonaldtrump s admin   epascottpruitt…
rt  oversightdems  gowdy has issued no subpoenas to the trump administration—ever—and has scheduled no interviews with chief of staff kelly…
join fellow environmentalists at the levy center on september 30th for a free screening of before the flood 
rt  noblejonesontv  we re talking about medgar evers this morning on  wjtv mississippi blackhistorymonth
far too many hardworking american families are getting a raw deal from washington republicans  it s time to give th…
rt  oversightdems  just in   repcummings and  repstephenlynch raise  grave concerns  about rapidly deteriorating security situation in afgh…
i voted no on  hr620   which would place the burden of complying with the  ada  on the victims of discrimination rath…
a free press is fundamental to democracy  on world press freedom day we celebrate the important work journalists do t…
this 4/20  my thoughts on the state of cannabis reform in america  and where this growing movement is going next 
i remain a firm no gop s new & awful  ahca  bill  this bill is nothing but a tax cut for the wealthy at the expense of 25 million americans
stoneman douglas shooting survivors will speak to the nation tonight on  cnn  i encourage everyone to tune in at 9p…
i disagree with the snyder administration s decision to allow more nestle water withdrawals  in michigan  water sup…
great to meet with  ucdavis students sophie from vallejo and her friend abigail to discuss my work to support highe…
that s why i support the legislation introduced by  usrepmikedoyle that would restore the well-crafted and balanced…
i m proud of communities like my home deerfield that are stepping forward to say enough is enough  i don t believe…
it s time  town hall for our lives in san lorenzo  come join me at  arroyohs at 1pmpt 
the deepwater disaster oil spill taught us an unforgettable lesson  we cannot go backward  protect our coast
the condition of havasupai elementary is unacceptable  director dearman s visit is a step in the right direction  b…
rt  juliancastro  people don t stop being human beings just because they cross a border  so we shouldn t stop treating them like human bein…
fighting prescription drug abuse is a team effort & all californians can help keep drugs out of the wrong hands  th…
rt  norml  thank you  repdwightevans for your leadership  others can message their federal officials to join you on the ending federal mari…
photo credit  geoff forester of  conmonitornews
rt  reprichardneal  you can t upend the tax system without creating serious problems – & we re already seeing the g o p tax scam creating many…
trump s reckless approach to the iran deal makes us less safe all in the name of undoing president obama s work the…
rt  andytarsy  do all these mass  senate race tweeters vote  rumor is that capuano won the twitter primary  such as it is   masen 
had a great time on site w/ chicago green insulation  which offers home spray-foam insulation to increase comfort a…
rt  housedemocrats  for national small business week   repdwightevans  pa-02  and  housesbcdems ranking member rep   nydiavelazquez  ny-07 …
trump administration claims it s adding question on immigration status to census to enforce the voting rights act…
fortunately for rural america  the house voted against these cuts & protected eas today  yesterday  the house voted…
with students owing  1 4 trillion in loans  trump s attempt to dismantle the cfpb s student loan office is outrageo…
i m offering an amendment to ensure persons with disabilities are not left out of the electoral process  watch live 
dreamers are hardworking students and young people in our military who make incredible contributions to our economy…
rt  reprubengallego    gop s proposed cuts to  snap  are a cruel way to pay for tax cuts to millionaires  all communities  including 10m low…
right now  my office is looking to hire a wounded warrior or medically retired veteran for a fellowship in my distr…
we have sat on house floor for 26 hours to call for legislation to prevent gun violence 
would you ask the kid who got strangely ill before every baseball game to pick your starting lineup …
fact  someone in the united states has a stroke every 40 seconds  learn how you can prevent this from happening …
every day our brave firefighters keep our families and communities safe  proud to join  senmikemoore and fire chi…
easter sunday holds a special meaning for me  it is the time to reflect  and count our many blessings  happy easte…
as we head into st patricks day let us remember the 20th anniversary of the good friday agreement  the us must contin…
rt  repcohen  need republicans to join and bring to floor  have one need about 25  been two week break since filed  renewing push tomorrow…
this is a bill that was drafted of  for  and by the powerful special interests in washington  and it should be reje…
rt  selwinhart  thank you  staceyplaskett and  say_ccaa for partnering to host rebuild rethink and resilience 
republicans spill the beans about the g o p tax scam 👉
rt  rhookinitiative  red hook  nycha residents cannot afford to see their rent increase  we re rallying at city hall with  nydiavelazquez  …
continuing today s make it in america listening tour at the indianapolis airport where we are discussing the economic…
house intel republicans have also now set a precedent that a witness can refuse to testify to congress pretty much…
rt  cardiology  thank you  repjoewilson   reperikpaulsen   repstephmurphy  and  repdarrensoto for supporting h r  3325  the advancing care…
can t wait to see you all there  tasteof d e
 icymi   did you know texas is one of three states with the highest number of tuberculosis cases nationwide  while t…
i m co-sponsoring the v a m i s s i o n act because veterans in nh & across the country deserve reforms to improve access t…
the g o p tax scam was just that  a scam  now republicans are trying to make up for it by cutting every program that h…
outdated regulations keep arizona small businesses from growing and hiring more workers  we re cutting red tape and…
i posted a new photo to facebook
an old article  but a good read on this jackie robinson day h/t  hawaiinewsnow
the eac is giving tennessee an additional  7 5 million  that means our state will have nearly  36 million to improv…
as of today  12 762  daca  recipients have lost their status after trump ended the program on sept 5th  dreamers ca…
clyde bellecourt - thunder before the storm - fighting for indigenous rights  and the dignity of all  as he address…
she admits the object of citizenship question on census is to undercount immigrants  because she disagrees with cle…

wishing dr  willie j  hagan  president of california state university  dominguez hills  the very best in retirement…
statement on u s  withdraw from iran nuclear deal -
no  the cfpb is still fighting for consumers 
thank you so much for stopping by  i m happy you had the opportunity to meet with my staff 
members of  dstinc1913 met with staff from my office today as part of their 29th annual delta days in the nation s…
had a wonderful time at  autismprojectri s imagine walk2018 today  i look forward to this event each year to spread…
yesterday i addressed rio grande valley media to talk about daca  border security  gun-control  chip & among other…
feliz día de las madres to all the mothers in  tx33  celebrating with their families today 
kelly sadler s comments are utterly disgraceful  senator mccain is an american hero  is there nothing sacred anymor…
rt  essence  johns hopkins welcomed its first black female neurosurgeon resident this year 
usps update  last month  i sent a letter to senate majority leader  mitchmcconnell & chairman  senronjohnson  askin…
the all-hands-on-deck battle to restore net neutrality is on  along with 149 house colleagues  i cosponsored legis…
rt  empress491   joanne_antoine  carryonfriends  glyndacarr  k_jeanpierre  staceyssamuel  mayaharris_  yamiche  rdotjohnson  kristenclarkej…
it s unacceptable that women still earn on average just 80 cents for every dollar earned by men  today marks…
our nation s servicemembers undertake enormous sacrifices every day to keep us safe  and we must ensure they can sm…
don t wreck the net—stand up for a fair and open internet  protect net neutrality
i oppose this conference report with every bone in my body  this tax bill is a  2 3 trillion holiday gift for wall…
rt  usgsvolcanoes  new  usgs   hvo  fissure map  9am hst  may 13 shows fissure 17  opened   4 30 a m  hst  it was initially called 18 but cha…
 taranaburke is the founder of the me too movement  and the non-profit just be inc  she works to help victims of se…
rt  usda  during national ag week  we pause to celebrate the many farmers  ranchers and foresters working hard to grow the food  fuel and fi…
scooter libby s pardon is meant to send a message to potential witnesses against trump  that s why i ve drafted a b…
this is a real travesty for those impacted as we have seen in the past  when no protections exist  it back to the…
met with school officials  spoke with students  visited classes and toured the two facilities  also discussed fundi…
enjoyed meeting with maitland fire chief kimberly neisler and other members the florida fire chiefs  association t…
interesting reading 
shoutout to district 9 s own  8-year old amira williams who sold the most girl scout cookies in brooklyn  our commu…
jessica & jonathan from dutchess county were on capitol hill this week to advocate for disabilityrights & push for…
four years ago today  hundreds of schoolgirls were kidnapped by boco haram  over one hundred are still missing  kid…
 never tell me the odds   -han solo may the fourth be with you star wars
important new information regarding medicare  instead of your ssn  medicare will now issue a card to you with a uni…
19 years ago today  12 students and one teacher were murdered in the horrific columbine massacre  it s been nearly…
the  housegop wasted so much time before bringing their bill to a vote last night – 4 months late  time for them to…
as my colleagues on the ag committee celebrate earth day this weekend  i hope they consider the damaging effect eli…
rt  flyont  get ready to pull up to the curb  🚗 valet parking is coming to terminal 2  here are the deets  🗓  beginning may 10 💳   25 per…
hmong & lao american veterans supported u s  forces as soldiers in special guerrilla units  s g us  in the vietnam…
today  i attended a breakfast that was held in honor of the republic of azerbaijan with rabbi marc schneier  pastor…
promesa le provee a pr un mecanismo amplio para reestructurar la deuda avalado por el dpto del tesoro y crea una junta de supervisión
small businesses and entrepreneurs were hoping to see their taxes simplified  however  just 7% of small businesses…
i don t know about you but i think a partnership between the  portofla and  spacex would be out of this world  🌍🚀
rt  repmarkpocan  president trump s infrastructure plan is just another example of the gop looking out for the wealthy & corporations inste…
rt  goldgooseaward  we love this quote that  repjimcooper often uses  that  scipolguy just mentioned at the  aaas_gr making our c a s e worksho…
confident that trump apologists/puppets will find a way to excuse this reckless and corrupt conduct  they have no s…
rt  wpplibrary  thanks  repstephmurphy for sharing stories with us on saturday national library week libraries lead
from the first day of his campaign   realdonaldtrump promised to go toe-to-toe with big pharma  and now  after mont…
scott pruitt is the perfect example of crookedness in the age of trump  and how trump embodies what he once called…
happy easter to you too  president trump 
thank you to all of the educators across the country who dedicate their lives to america s children  we need to inv…
today i met with social work students from the university of alabama  a big thank you to these young leaders dedica…
though they were unsuccessful in enacting their dangerous bill  republicans have spent the past year working with t…
this is simply unacceptable  democrats are looking for ways to make health care more affordable and accessible  not…
i sat down with  aipac to discuss the continue hostility of iran towards israel  congress must continue to support…
congrats  sanjaccollege  higher ed
 darkness cannot drive out darkness  only light can do that  hate cannot drive out hate  only love can do that    mlk 
had the pleasure to meet w/ members of the mason tenders district council  part of  liuna  to discuss various issue…
polluting pruitt s guide to running the  epa  treat yourself to the high life on the taxpayer s dime while proposin…
afternoon read  thank you to the first responders  law enforcement agencies  health care providers  treatment facil…
this is my last participation in the mark-up of the  ndaa  and it s been my honor and good fortune to serve on this…
nh has some of the most interesting & challenging ski terrain in the east  expanding access to glade skiing & the p…
the national memorial for peace and justice  which is the nation s first memorial dedicated to the legacy of enslav…
congratulations to phillips exeter student vinjai vale  who just won 7th place in the regeneron s t s 2018  a prestig…
rt  nancypelosi  important reminder for d r e a mers  you can still apply to renew your  daca  protections  learn more & reapply here 
rt  hispaniccaucus  climatechange is a serious threat to people with breathing conditions  hispanics are 40% more likely to die from asthm…
rt  demsespanol  en promedio  las mujeres ganan 80 centavos por cada  1 que sus contrapartes hombres ganan  para las mujeres latinas y afro…
a4  restrictive voting laws disproportionately suppress latino voting participation  our voices & votes must be protected  v r a chat
rt  repdwightevans  the republican party is consumed by chaos and confusion  while my dem colleagues & i are focused on delivering a better…
i was proud to be part of the creation of the sabinoso wilderness and am pleased that the long process of providing…
 soundersfc -- best of luck tonight against fc dallas  m l s playoffs
this week is sunshineweek  from campaign finance reform to open data policies  here s more on what i m doing to ma…
rt  voxdotcom  trump s ex-health secretary accidentally told the truth about obamacare repeal
thank you  george  for the chance to ride along with you on your route in salinas  appreciate the chance to see fi…
i was encouraged that the commissioners were open &willing to explore non wire solutions in states like nj that are…
rt  propublica  update  two members of congress are pushing back against a proposal by the justice department to add a question on citizens…
i have always admired ambassador eisen s outstanding public service  and i am delighted that he will be my guest to…
rt  center4native   this class represents the next generation of native scientists  environmentalists  and water protectors  i believe in t…
the balanced budget amendment is the wrong policy  is being presented to the people in a deceitful manner and is be…
i thank mayor mccarver  the cheatham county election commission   ccboe and major bates for getting our great students excited about voting 
changes to our tax system will affect every american  congress should work together to create a system that benefit…
as gop leaders again dismiss gun control  we are reminded that too many of our leaders value firearms more than hum…
rt  repsires  the tragic loss of life this week on the east river was completely avoidable  as a result   repdonaldpayne joined me in conta…
in my last question  i pointed out that gdpr also gives users the right to object to the processing of their person…
republicans and their bosses at the nra believe almost anyone should be able to carry weapons of war - firearms des…
good news  one of the highest minimum wages in the nation - in the  nj/ ny  area  now  let s raise the wage across-t…
most powerful rainfall since 1/8 is expected to begin tuesday night on the central coast  a pre-evacuation advisory…
pres trump is sinking to a new low with highly offensive comments about people from certain countries  see my stat…
we need more aircraft carriers  check out how  hiindustries is using lessons learned to build the future cvn 79 as…
rt  drdenagrayson  thanks  colleen  both  alangrayson and i will fight for sensible and appropriate gun control laws‼️ gun control now gun…
rt  repmarkpocan  kids like owen rely on the aca for affordable & guaranteed health care  but the g o p tax scam would threaten their families…
national walkout day is a testament of the power of america s youth  i m so proud to see student activism at work— i…
watch as  waysmeanscmte considers the  housegop billionaires first tax plan
fact   epascottpruitt is currently under three separate investigations  he needs to be held accountable for his fai…
rt  nrdems  interior  secretaryzinke has referred to himself as a geologist at least 40 times in public settings  including under oath befo…
it is national ag week  i will be highlighting central coast & california agriculture facts every day this week  sta…
i just voted against the g o p tax scam and i was proud to do it  here s why 
instead of letting working folks take an extra work shift or continue looking for a job  they would need to partici…
congratulations to nyc police officer and peekskill resident christopher vega for earning the medal of valor  we ar…
was glad to visit the rockville learning center in vernon and meet with career pathways coordinator michelle vachar…
cosponsoring  jimlangevin bill to restore cyber adviser post at white house  decision by  realdonaldtrump to elimi…
happy mother s day   
great seeing cathy doyle and the entire  yearuppvd family tonight  1000alumni yearuppvd
rt  falmouthl1397   usrepkeating thank you for coming and for being there to support all of us 1st responders 
i m proud to stand with the immigrant advocates  union leaders  and workers who took to the streets today to protes…
at the apex of the edmund pettus bridge  high above the alabama river  hosea williams asked if i could swim  i said…
i joined  100 house democrats in objecting to ag sessions  termination of 2 legal assistance programs that help ens…
97 years ago the 19th amendment was ratified giving women the right to vote  today we remember the women who fought for those rights
rauner went alt-right and hired ex-breitbart and illinois policy institute head as chief of staff  bad    
russia hacked 39 state election systems  more proof my bill is vital to our nation s security  we must develop more offense cybersecurity
scotus  ruling has given a brief reprieve to our brave young dreamers  we must do everything we can to help them s…
eileen has a remarkable record of service to the city of lowell and to the first middlesex state senate district  a…
rt  carrollwoodday  thank you  usrepkcastor for the support of our patriots  we could not agree with you more honami is an amazing artist …
get the dirty details  boot pruitt
  interior is expected to launch a lease sale for oil gas drilling in the arctic refuge soon  the arctic national w…
tune in to  kfiam640 at 3 00 pm to hear my thoughts on tonight s  sotu  on the  johnandkenshow 
rt  officialcbc  it wasn t a voter fraud commission  it was a voter suppression commission  we re glad taxpayers will no longer be footing…
on workers memorial day  we remember & honor those that died while working  we must keep up the fight for a healthy & safe workplace for all 
rt  amjoyshow    repmaxinewaters to donald trump  if for some reason mueller doesn t get him  stormy will  a m joy
i m with the minnesota lawmakers courageously sitting in to end gun violence  as  repjohnlewis taught…
i m hosting another college prep workshop on 3/30   washington middle school  rsvp here 
you should read house dpcc co-chairs  piece on cnn website about democrats  new plan for a better deal
rt  waysmeanscmte  yesterday   reprichardneal and other members of the joint select committee on the solvency of multiemployer pension plan…
we can and must do more to end poverty  had the chance to speak with amy and rev  carol huston from  results_tweets…
polluting pruitt has consistently looked to enrich himself and cares more about helping past political donors than…
rt  officialcbc  we can t let  realdonaldtrump politicize the courts  we re urging  senjudiciary chairman  chuckgrassley to uphold the long…
thanks for having me  and congratulations again to gwynne and  spacex  your work inspires us all 
about to deliver the john d  greenwald memorial lecture  georgetownlaw iiel s 2018 international trade update 
 sbagov s office of native american affairs provides free technical assistance  and paths to secure capital  to nat…
thank you   normajtorres for signing onto our d c statehood bill  you ve given us another boost on our way to securi…
trump promised over and over again that he would work with congress to pass bipartisan bills to help stabilize prem…
 la02   today is your last day to get covered  head over to to learn more 
yes  this economy is rigged to keep your pay stagnant  but we can change it 
enough is enough  we need common sense gun safety now 
a child dies from malaria - a preventable and treatable disease - every two minutes  on world malaria day  i promis…
honored to speak to a great crowd of advocates for the enough is enough summit & congressional briefing on sexual h…
as americans rush to file their taxes before the deadline  let s remember who the g o p tax scam really benefits -- bi…
rt  joseadelgadoend  gutiérrez le ofrece trabajo al ex número dos del fbi
gearup works everywhere   for millions of young americans & millions more to come  
  speakerryan is the 43rd republican to announce their departure from congress  while i respect his public service …
rt  abcworldnews  the whistleblower  kevin chmielewski  part of trump s presidential campaign who became deputy chief of staff for embattle…
rt  cossadc  we re thrilled to announce that the 2018 recipients of the cossa distinguished service award will be  replipinski and bill ril…
instead of the republicans terrible g o p budget  we need smart investments to grow the economy and target funding where it is needed most 
  potus is lending validity to hate groups that incite violence & divide us  disgraceful  as americans & citizens…
despite their best efforts  the internet does not belong to  ajitpaifcc &  realdonaldtrump  today  senate dems move…
on this day of remembrance  let us ensure that the lives of all who were lost are honored and never forgotten …
from my family to yours  we wish you all a happy easter  🐰🐣🐇
today  i called on congressional gop to stop undermining critical reproductive health programs  like teen pregnancy…
  potus said the gov t could benefit  from a good shutdown    housedemocrats don t want that  we want to fund criti…
it was great to attend california s vietnam war veterans day commemoration in sacramento today  these veterans have…
these strong summer storms present a credible threat to our safety & personal property  that s why i recently intro…
who loses under the g o ptaxbill  middle-class wisconsin families - while the wealthiest americans and corporations get a tax break 
tom price  who led  housegop efforts to repeal the aca and then was put in charge of sabotaging it as trump s healt…
thank you to the tuberculosis community for awarding me the tb leadership award this evening  i consider my work to…
i lost my father to colorectal cancer  it is the second leading cause of death for men and women combined  but it i…
the passing of my fellow  prochoicecaucus co-chair and colleague  congresswoman louise slaughter  is a tremendous l…
cyber aware tip  back up your computer as often as you can with an external hard drive  it s a great way to keep yo…
reminder that cruelty to animals is highly correlated with domestic violence
fact  60% of americans oppose building  realdonaldtrump s border wall  walls dont work
 rcmhere  chrisinsilico thank you 
rt  amjoyshow    repmaxinewaters on trump  this president has been called stupid  ignorant  and even his secretary of state did not deny t…
rt  acscaniowa  thank you  daveloebsack staff for meeting with our  acscaniowa volunteer last week to discuss the importance of cancer rese…
at appropriations briefing by  usdotfhwa  they discussed their disaster relief program in puerto rico…
  senjohnmccain s integrity has characterized his senatorial career  it comes as no surprise that he would wish for…
it does all this while giving tax breaks to millionaires  billionaires  and big corporations that ship jobs oversea…
participated in the virginia international tattoo s advisory committee breakfast this morning  pictured with my col…
rt  oversightdems    repcummings  i know my republican colleagues want to talk about former fbi deputy director andrew mccabe  fine  but we…
rt  jfeit  jolt  video clip of the day starring u s  rep  jim mcdermott 
i had the privilege of honoring nearly 900 vietnam-era veterans in 2017 as part of the vietnam50 commemoration  la…
congratulations to the  hartfordcourant editorial team and  carolynlumsden for winning the 2018 s d x award for their…
president marcon s speech this week sent a powerful message  the united states must continue to lead  we must uphol…
rt  ash_hematology  a heartfelt thank you to rep   michaelcburgess   repdannydavis  and rep   gkbutterfield for sponsoring this important b…
rt  lacountyceo  tune in at 10 00 a m  today to livestream the unveiling of  countyofla s 2018-19 recommended budget 📊
march madness is upon us  here s sending good luck to  setonhallmbb   angelluis45  and  desirodriguez6 
 1/2  potus s decision to leave the iran nuclear agreement despite the outcry from his own administration and our a…
what  oprah insecure  i don t think so  as a matter of fact  oprah is richer than you are  deal with that  not true  show your tax returns 
rt  hispaniccaucus  day 8   speakerryan  dreamers are students studying to be our next trailblazers  they re teachers working hard to unl…
a little high of a pitch  but an absolute honor to throw out the first ceremonial toss of the season at the…
rt  repronkind   govwalker once again  govwalker misses the point  he continues to ignore what is best for wi taxpayers & wi families in fa…
rt  repadamsmith  the men & women of our armed forces make us proud every day  but the republican-controlled congress is not serving our mi…
the future is hopeful for the chibok girls who ve been released or escaped  the 112 still held by boko haram deserv…
this is what putting party before country looks like  i ve been pushing for an independent commission to investigat…
after exploding the debt by nearly  2 trillion with their g o p tax scam  republicans are intent on using a radical  b…
i find it offensive that nevada is being offered up as the dumping ground for the rest of the country s nuclear was…
  speakerryan fires the house chaplain for praying about protecting the poor  but can t fire rep nunes for not prot…
yet another nightmare is unfolding  we stand with the victims  families and the state of florida  our schools shoul…
proud to be named most bipartisan freshman democrat in the 115th congress   thelugarcenter bipartisan index
this is truly disturbing  just another reason why  thejusticedept needs to do a thorough antitrust review the…
since coming to congress i ve been fighting for strong federal coalash standards and was proud to be recognized as…
rt  repdavejoyce  it passed  the title viii nursing workforce reauthorization act passed the house unanimously  thank you  reploiscapps for…
rt  colinwilhelm  we live in weird times 
big thanks to plow drivers and police for their work to have the roads ready this morning 
we must protect our schools from gun violence  accidental or not  each year more students and teachers are killed i…
for his life  his legacy and relentless pursuit of freedom for all  mind body and soul  we honor frederick douglass…
rt  pathadvocacy  ensuring that the world is safe from global pandemics is good for american businesses too  public health emergencies can…
chicago is the crossroads of america  our infrastructure helps drive our economic success but it s also used by bad…
rt  senschumer  the american people know the trump admin is responsible for the repeated sabotage of the health care system and that republ…
do as i say  not as i do 
tomorrow in augusta  boem_doi will hear from mainers who oppose the trump admin s outrageous plan to open up our co…
i m sharing highlights from tuesday s live telephone town hall  in this clip  i speak about what it will take to pa…
save the date   orlandojobs will be hosting the first-ever hire day orlando at the  amwaycenter on june 8  2018 …
in  washdc100  i explain why wide-ranging tariffs are the wrong strategy for addressing trade imbalances  instead…
spotted  vermont s own  burtonsnowboard at pyongchang2018  congrats on supplying the winning board 
if today s legislation was only about hiding the real republican record on rising debt  it would be bad enough  but…
a mind to work  
at today s  thud  appropriations hearing   usdot  secelainechao tried to convince me that in most cases  federal lo…
class acts in trumplandia  1-reveal tillerson was fired while on the toilet  2- sue porn star  3- fire career fbi a…
rt  jilldlawrence  rep   billpascrell of new jersey  amazon didn t kill toys r us  greedy wall street profiteers did it  private equity is…
so proud of my dear friend peter hayden  founder and president of turning point  helping african americans restore…
we re still on the house floor taking a stand on commonsense gun legislation  sign our petition to demand action 
rt  liveonny  the fed l budget is critical to supporting older nyers ability to age w dignity  thats one of the many reasons  thenyhc s con…
for 45 yrs  the endangered species act has served as one of our nation s bedrock environmental statutes  today  i sp…
rt  williamcosut71   joaquincastrotx  cnn  cnnsitroom  wolfblitzer  realdonaldtrump mr  castro  devinnunes is a patriot for exposing the tr…
rt  nrdems    natresources is desperate to find someone who agrees with their extreme views so they ve stooped to the level of tweeting fak…
david is right   without action  ideas stay ideas and children die   congress has plenty of ideas w/bipartisan supp…
san pedro man expected to plead guilty to threatening to kill rep  maxine waters via  ladailynews
i support the me too military march  sexual harassment should not have to be tolerated by our veterans 
stock market is down  dysfunction in dc is up  what happened to all the winning 
rt  asiandems  capac members issued the press release on rubio & wray s remarks singling out chinese students as national security threats …
saddened to learn of debra king  casahousing s untimely passing yesterday  debra was a visionary advocate for the m…
the g o p tax scam does create jobs – jobs for d c  lobbyists and washington insiders 
a clean lake erie is essential to our ecosystem in ohio and beyond  we must protect and support our great lake …
rt  reploisfrankel  equal pay day recognizes that women must work 3 extra months just to earn the same pay as men  closing the gender wage ga…
pleased to see connecticut continue to lead by example in preventing future gun violence after a bipartisan vote in…
… or you could just extend open enrollment 
the disgraceful comments made by the president should not be ignored or normalized  the u s  is a nation of immigra…
congratulations to everyone who made yesterday s festa in dos palos a success  yesterday s event was full of frie…
eighteen-thousand precision manufacturing jobs in new england go unanswered every single day  one million tech jobs…
excited that paris climate agreement threshold has been met & will enter into force nov 4  we must acton climate 
rt  paloaltoweekly    repannaeshoo will host a town hall meeting to discuss new legislation on social security this tuesday in redwood city…
withdrew from paris agreement  ended netneutrality  repealed clean power rule and  cfpb arbitration rule  187 polit…
 allegiant air is a tragedy waiting to happen  | my floor speech w/ video  oversight…
this bill will protect colorado s continental divide and preserve the camp hale legacy  read about it here →
i posted a new photo to facebook
the members who are retiring – including representative bryon short  senator brian bushweller  representative melan…
rt  chelliepingree  if you re watching this video and your internet isn t buffering that s because of net neutrality  i urge chairman  ajit…
to pay for  housegop s tax breaks for the top 1%  the g o p tax scam will cause americans  health insurance premiums t…
rt  repbillfoster    realdonaldtrump has denied the science of climatechange and let  epascottpruitt gut environmental regulations  it s d…
i am a cosponsor of the federal retroactive pay fairness act  h r  4827  which ensures that all federal employees…
high school students  want to hang a piece of art of your own in the capitol  enter the congressional art competiti…
thanks  housegop for urging release of the comey memos  oddly you ve proved comey s consistency and bolstered argum…
rt  ccsnj    donaldnorcross begins his remarks to  ccsnj   let s start on a noncontroversial statement     eagles   cue the applause of 120…
rt  usrepricknolan  thanks for working on what americans need - universal single payer health care  college for all  raising the minimum wa…
after committee markup of the gop tax plan  the bill is still a massive tax break for the wealthy paid for by raisi…
horrified by hateful attack on the lgbt pride flag in  uscapitol-it s an attack on entire lgbt community and american values standwith l g b t
vital position to combat anti-semitism hasn t been filled at state department  i sent a letter to president trump urging immediate action 
it was a great day to attend the unveiling of a new mural by asa jackson of the late  great newport news native  pe…
i spoke with  komonewsradio this week about my plan to allow students the ability to refinance their student loans
rt  repdwightevans  in celebration of small biz week i stopped for lunch at  marclamonthill s  unclebobbies  a café   bookstore in the❤️of g…
the need to prioritize our water quality means that each level of government must work cohesively with the members…
had a wonderful time at the south boston citizens  association banquet last night  where we honored a few of our ne…
rt  keithellison  read about my amazing staffer cheniqua johnson  commencement speaker and university of minnesota graduating senior  proud…
looking forward to joining my colleague  repespaillat in  nyc  new york to discuss mueller trump impeachment…
today we are celebrating the new 34-unit condominium complex right in the heart of nob hill  this project will cont…
rt  repratcliffe  today  reprokhanna & i introduced the 21st century idea to improve citizens  interaction with the federal government onli…
rt  ppd24dist  amtrak train 188 sunset memorial ceremony & candlelight vigil  tonight  7pm  2045 wheatsheaf lane  phillypolice
visited  md02  randallstown w/  baltcogov to annouce federal     for  bacopolicefire to make house calls w/ new smo…
around the world  instability in the form of conflict  famine  or disease sends millions of people fleeing from the…
4 years and 4 days later  our commitment to the movement to bring back our girls is steadfast   rephastingsfl…
looking forward to working with the new senator from alabama 
president trump has attacked the scientific community time and again since coming to office – from prohibiting fede…
fra  fed railroad admin  just claimed the trump budget plan to cut their   in 1/2 won t hurt their work  that does…
i helped initiate this request into administrator pruitt s security spending back in october  glad we are finally g…
today i joined  oversightdems to file lawsuit against trump administration for withholding docs on trump hotel …
happy presidents day 
a wide array of coloradans took part in today s community forum  among them  these young people with…
tomorrow is d e a take back day  find locations in south jersey at people often ask how to p…
it s no wonder the american public is so opposed to the g o p tax scam  only 22% have reported seeing a pay increase …
these grants will help revitalize the city of albany by supporting the assessment of contaminated properties in the…
i join in wishing muslims around the world and in the ninth congressional district a ramadan filled with peace  re…
each march 8th  we celebrate international women s day and honor women making h e rstory worldwide   iwd2018 
rt  cheddar  we re joined by  repmarcykaptur   georgegascon   loconservative   robinlordtaylor  and more  cheddar l i v e
selfie thanks for supporting our hardworking  lapd  dispatchers  beverlynbcla
rt  carltonward  great work  repdarrensoto keep f lwild protect  fl_wildcorridor 
given all the secret meetings with the russians  the denials  the false statements  and the guilty pleas  your atta…
rt  amprog   the problem with public stigma is that it digs deep roots  unchallenged  undeterred  quietly making itself at home until it be…
the call is coming from inside the house  more like it s coming from pruitt s illegal privacy booth that cost taxpa…
rt  stephenmfee  leading today s edition of the  washingtonpost editorial page  a warning that our elections are still vulnerable to outsid…
today i visited the valley of the gods  part of the area that will lose protection under  realdonaldtrump s plan …
rt  melslien  johnson jokes that there s  someone out there in the audience  who s probably just here to take this info  back to whomever …
including more than 2 million children and expectant mothers in california  extend c h i p
kind of a big omission  how does one forget a hush payment  the trump administration continues to be the least tran…
during police week  we show our appreciation for the brave officers who put their lives on the line each day to kee…
with a pro-yucca mountain bill coming to the floor this week  i filed an amendment that would strike the language a…
right now  you can still apply to renew your daca  if you meet the requirements to apply for daca renewal  you shou…
rt  brittanyjburnam   when you go back to your communities it is important for you to stand with us   - congresswoman joyce b  beatty  repb…
may is military appreciation month  this month--and every month--we honor those who steadfastly defend our american…
political attacks on special counsel mueller s probe are dangerous  he must be allowed to follow the facts  whereve…
on this day of remembrance  let us ensure that the lives of all who were lost in the shoah continue to be a source…
rt  repkarenbass  this mothers day  i stand with immigrant mothers simply seeking a better life for their children  we must stop inhumane f…
a well-deserved ceremony honoring my friend and partner  judgetedpoe for his leadership and passionate advocacy for…
still looking for  repgoodlatte s response to my request for  housejudiciary hearing for mr  zuckerberg to testify …
best of luck to the students competing in the 2018 rhode island science olympiad  ricnews   soalumninetwork
rt  repsandylevin  today  i along w/  repdankildee   repdebdingell &  replawrence sent a letter to mi gov snyder expressing concerns over l…
rt  tulsipress  intro d resolution w/  repmarktakai to commemorate 75th anniversary of pearl harbor this year  renewing our commitment to p…
rt  repkclark   sotu  is about to begin  we re wearing black to say times up on sexual harassment 
for our children we need to make sure we have  a planet that is still hospitable in 25 years 
rt  keithellison  so proud of  jca_mn and  cairmn for building bridges where others would build walls  thanks for stopping by mayor  jacob_…
the priorities americans want to see addressed  healthcare for kids  giving our military the certainty they need to…
happy 286th birthday to the father of our country and the namesake of our state 
rt  vnrcorg  thank you congressman  peterwelch for tackling this important issue  the current ethanol policy is bad for carbon reduction …
thanks to all who came out to support the campaign this week  including former nfl player and somerville high schoo…
 tunein  i ll be on  msnbc with  alexwitt in a few minutes talking about trump gun violence prevention russia investigation
rt  forrest4trees  so   texasdemocrats are pointing to a comment from former cia director michael hayden that jade helm — remember when gre…
thank you to all students in the 8th district who submitted artwork  it was wonderful to see the talent and dedicat…
the supreme court s decision is good news as renewals will be allowed to continue  but d r e a mers need a permanent l…
starting this morning  i and other members of the congressional black caucus will answer your questions about commu…
rt  icrc  20 examples of when it s justifiable to torture an enemy combatant  1  2  3  4  5  6  7  8  9  10  11  12  13  14  15  16  17  1…
watch--&gt  child care allows parents to work and support their families  we must support parents  their children  and…
this mothers day  we affirm the truth that no child should face the unthinkable terror of being forcibly separated…
rt  repbonnie  i m honored to have earned an f rating from the  nra for supporting commonsense gun safety legislation  alongside  repjohnya…
  housedemocrats stand united demanding  speakerryan &  housegop end their obstruction on gunviolence  disarm hate
rt  edworkforcedems  read ranking member  bobbyscott s statement on the april jobs report
also  meet my new friend nala 
delaware is proud to celebrate international womens day   delawarewomen delaware women
los q queremos lo mejor para pr debemos hacer todo lo q esté a nuestro alcance para q el proceso funcione de forma justa y sin contratiempos
my full statement of  realdonaldtrump s flip-flopping on gunviolence policy  once again   nra dollars matter more…
andres and vashti – two  utep students – know that texas should lead when it comes to protecting dreamers  grateful…
i joined  the_uso today to assemble care packages for our troops  always a great way to show our support …
yaaresi leon of houston is 18 and registered to vote  one in 4 young people in the us are hispanic citizens and th…
unifying families must remain a pillar of our immigration system  and efforts to eliminate family-based immigration…
i got to meet james today who is currently a student at  tcnj doing great work  his research on automation and the…
our politics may be different but john mccain is an american hero  the vile and repugnant attacks we ve seen from p…
america was founded on basic principles of equality  acceptance and unity – all tenets embodied by dr  king  his un…
rt  sierraclublive    repraskin at  savetheusepa rally  i want to call up  epascottpruitt in his secret phone booth and tell him two words …
sometimes you have to get in trouble--good trouble  necessary trouble--to make a way out of no way 
rt  11thhour  speaking to  joyannreid on  allinwithchris  rep  maxine waters says she will not be attending pres  trump s state of the unio…
rt  ignite_national  meet washington state congresswoman  repjayapal at young women run in  dc  this summer  get tickets 
we are the only nation that suffers this type of violence on a nearly daily basis  something needs to change 
prc latest acts & treatment of uss william p  lawrence at fiery cross reef warrant us to revisit their involvement in  rimpac  
thank you to beloit college for letting me visit and speak with the u s  health policy and politics class  with the…
i am deeply concerned by the report of russian interference in the us election  i am calling for an immediate bipartisan probe 
this decision to is based off of misguided and hateful policies that president trump insists on advancing to appeas…
another day  another terrible decision for the environment  under pruitt s leadership  trump s epa has gone to grea…
carmella hernandez is a mexican immigrant who is fleeing awful violence  she is living in sanctuary at the church o…
it is great to see the extraordinary progress that is occurring along the grand calumet river as plant life and ani…
a2 solo con la política  esta administración ha erosionado las protecciones vitales para las mujeres y las familias…
  realdonaldtrump  awwww look at you trying to pretend you have any idea what you are talking about  disgusting tha…
 centeronbudget gutting those protections puts patients who need care the most at risk and makes emergency  materni…
polluting pruitt s serious ethical lapses continue to pile up  monday  the  usgao concluded epa broke the law in co…
today was the first public hearing of the joint select committee on budget and appropriations process reform  i was…
america has long led the world in refugee resettlement  admission ceiling has averaged 94k per yr since passage of the refugee act of 1980 
it was great speaking to women ceos and business leaders at the  ceonexus luncheon today  i m fighting for central…
rt  repcohen   thank you  mr  trump   how the president drove me to run for congress  inspiring story by a great la…
just four months before  thejusticedept decided to suspend their legal assistance program that educates detained im…
as we recognize the fourth anniversary of flint  another water crisis is brewing in our nation s backyard - in rura…
i take great pride in the work my office has done to cut through red tape and get the taxpayers of new jersey s fif…
rt  keithellison  today marks the four-year anniversary of the crisis in flint  but the reality is water infrastructure around the country…
the cambodian community is one of many that contributes to rhode island s dynamic and vibrant culture  i hope every…
today s  southgatecagov s jaa opening day ceremony was more than just a celebration of baseball  it was a celebrati…
eliminating special envoy for northern ireland would be a tragic  short-sighted mistake  much more work to do 
barbara bush was a remarkable woman who spoke honestly about what she believed  i am deeply saddened by her passing…
important info re  tinder fire  do not fly your drones near firefighting operations  it is dangerous for the brave…
rt  seec    seec members  repbarragan &  repdavideprice are leading the safe c o a s t act to block trump s safety rollback and help protect our…
today is the anniversary of the first freedom ride  which began on may 4  1961  we should remember the courage the…
as a longtime supporter of animal rights  i m proud to have earned a 100% rating on  hslegfund s humane scorecard f…
great event on saturday at  vromans  thanks to all who attended  bigguns
rt  amjoyshow    repmaxinewaters on why she wants to  encourage impeachment  of donald trump among her colleagues in congress a m joy
yesterday  i had honor of meeting w/ reps from regional defense partnership for the 21st century  rdp-21  to discus…
we cannot allow states that allow the purchase of weapons of war to jeopardize the safety of nj citizens  congress…
glad to participate in today s event and continue this important nationwide discussion  it s beyond time we pass co…
i ll also be participating in earth day events & i hope to see you there  i m committed to fighting for the future…
loebsack statement on granting of e15 waiver
the las vegas armenian-american community commemoration of the 103th armenian genocide remembrance day 
in 3 weeks  i file for re-election for cd35 in same district that i serve today  please support my efforts …
  realdonaldtrump s infrastructure plan is an unprecedented privatization scheme which avoids real investment in ou…
rt  thehill  just in  170 lawmakers sign resolution demanding trump epa chief resign
great visit with employees at  transamerica s denver office earlier this week  we talked about a range of issues in…
the number of students at our students speak town hall in east brunswick right now that are demanding we…
check out this story about how a family in port angeles learned new computer skills at the north olympic library fo…
rt  tictoc  in a  united message to president trump   house judiciary committee ranking member jerry nadler says  do not meddle with the sp…
happy easter to everyone celebrating today 
rt  nphw  thank you   reproybalallard   repkaygranger   repgenegreen   repmcgovern and  robwittman  for introducing 2018 national public he…
my guest for this evening s state of the union  capt  scott wilson of the riverside city fire department  capt  wilso…
fattah tax credit permanently extended 20 billion dollars last year helped 11 million via  thestreet
thank you  themishpacha
protecting  neaarts with  thecreativec   shiriappleby  timmydaly  rbronk  stevehowey  madchenamick  novocure…
that is why i voted no today & i urge congressional leadership from both parties to work together  end the partisan…
helped pass the servicemember family burial act to provide headstones for all military spouses and children who die…
rt  toledolibrary  so honored to host  repmarcykaptur at the mott groundbreaking this morning   the library is the place a community comes…
hoping all those living through hurricane harvey stay safe  our thoughts and prayers are with you 
honored to be named  first_focus  campaign4kids 2014 champion for children invest in kids must be a congress priority
rt  repsandylevin  the flint water crisis was a man-made disaster  lead exposure can have lifelong impacts on neurological & behavioral dev…
i am proud to stand with students today  and after seeing their grit and determination  i believe they are going to…
had an interview this morning on  foxbusiness  i discussed the negative impacts of the elimination of the state and…
the famous poet maya angelou said  when someone shows you who they are  believe them the first time   america  wha…
rt  nscpatterson  thanks for joining us rep  kihuen
 ahca  is expected to kill 46 000 wisconsin jobs by 2019  western/central wi cant afford a healthcare bill that would hurt our local economy 
i stand with students in florida & across the country who are protesting congress s inaction on gun violence by sta…
rt  nancypelosi    speakerryan &  housegop seem to have forgotten that americans will not stand for their attacks on medicare & social sec…
9  the g o p tax scam gives a tax advantage to companies to move abroad 
the american people deserve an  epa administrator that has respect for the mission of the agency  i am supporting a…
this memorial day  we remember those who made the ultimate sacrifice by giving their lives in exchange for our freedom  honor the fallen
rt  ames_simmons  nc h r c on the hill meeting with strong lgbtq advocate  repdavideprice — thank you for everything you do for lgbtq nc ans i…
ramadan mubarak  wishing a peaceful and joyful ramadan to all in houston and the surrounding area 
president george h  w  bush on the passing of his remarkable wife barbara  grace and dignity  both of them 
rt  metrounitedway  give a day lou2018 is👏🏾trending👏🏾in👏🏾louisville  as it should 
rt  nitalowey  i ve cosponsored  repjaredpolis  student non-discrimination act because it s time to put an end to discrimination in schools…
if you need assistance with the social security administration or another federal agency  please contact my office…
rt  amjoyshow    repmaxinewaters joins a m joy this sunday morning reiders  see you at 10 am et on  msnbc
people maligning the parkland students and spreading conspiracies that they are fake are learning the hard way tha…
 snap  has been shown to improve educational outcomes  reduce health problems later in life  and improve families  i…
i stand with students  teachers & parents participating in march for our lives rallies on li  in dc & across the coun…
countless students would be devastated by the  790 million  potus wants to slash from work study programs  it doesn…
rt  mwaccessproject  powerful keynote  natabortionfed annual meeting  powerful advocacy on the house floor  ty  repjayapal for fighting ag…
proud to have signed on to the queenofthe hill resolution to bring up several immigration proposals for a floor vo…
rt  davidbrin  scientific american makes it explicit 
another cold day out there in western and central wisconsin  as the winter months continue  i will keep working wi…
it s my pleasure 
president trump s prescription drug price proposal fails to truly tackle the exorbitant costs that millions of hard…
this morning i testified at the u s  itc hearing on wire rod  i stated that we must not waiver in our efforts  and…
3 years of u s  bombs in yemen  zero votes in congress  until now  yemen cant wait -- the senate must pass s j res54
read my statement on trump s decision to withdraw from the iran deal
looking for an opportunity to grow your business  check out these over 33 700 active opportunities for contracts …
 richardrubindc seen progress  no person of color nor woman at signing in  86 vs obama signing aca led into passage…
it is all the more disturbing that the wh continues to delay sanctions on russia  while referring to these now exte…
at the ribbon cutting for the new nh correctional facility for women  this facility has enhanced programs & treatme…
today we thank teachers - in  ma1  and across the country - who go above and beyond in their quest to cultivate lear…
congratulations to all the central coast runners who finished the  bostonmarathon today  we were cheering for you a…
in silicon valley this week pushing tech companies to improve diversity and inclusivity practices  yesterday  we me…
trump keeps touting his greatest ponzi scheme — the g o p tax scam  i dare him to come to new jersey and explain to u…
rt  houstonrockets  round 2 l game 1 ✔️
*us not use in that first tweet  not only does our violation of the agreement damage the credibility of the united…
special counsel robert mueller s trump russia investigation has already found serious wrongdoing  with a defendant…
my opening statement at hearing with with epa administrator pruitt   administrator pruitt has brought secrecy  conf…
rt  houseradiotv  news conference   repjoecrowley   repjerrynadler   repkeithellison   repcicilline   replindasanchez  and  repmarkpocan ho…
there was never a need to  fix  daca  instead  trump decided to throw red meat to his base and impose an artificial…
it was a pleasure speaking with  omaharotary yesterday during lunch  i enjoyed answering qs about the new va hospit…
proud to support this bipartisan effort for a fair and open debate on  daca   over 800 000 young americans in our mi…
last night house passed  fy18ndaa  ➡️ bill included provision to put the brakes on closing nbacc in frederick  md6 
reminds us of the courage it took for louise and many other women to become leaders  we ve come a long way  but i k…
it is heartbreaking that our children and their families are facing such hateful rhetoric and unprecedented targeting 5/7
on world press freedom day   i enjoyed meeting with reporters and editors from a variety of local community papers to…
this ill-advised  public charge  proposal is intended to discourage hardworking people from seeking legal status an…
rt  pattymurray  instead of president trump s wall  we could invest  25 billion to combat the opioid epidemic  improve our schools  and re…
rt  transport  two members of congress testified at this morning s  ptc  hearing   repderekkilmer and  repdennyheck  both from washington st…
seeking  curious students who want to be challenged like grant  10 days left to apply for our summer internship pr…
serena seymour valiantly represented  theschschargers at my congressional art competition this year by showcasing h…
rt  slotribune  a new bill from  repcarbajal would make slo county an  energy opportunity zone 
👍🏽 to  senschumer for telling  realdonaldtrump where he can stick his wall
tune in  coming up next on  fox5atlanta  gooddayatlanta with  emoryuniversity vets prgm dr  liza zwiebach 
thank you to the  torrancechamber for inviting me to speak at today s  lunch with our leaders  event  solving our m…
rt  rafael_bernal_    repgutierrez mocks  bobgoodlatte6 comey subpoena the hill latino
green city market lincoln park is finally open for the season and i m stocking up 
rt  usgsvolcanoes  field photos just in  at 07 45 a m  hst  today  may 5   lava from fissure 7 slowly advanced to the northeast on hookapu…
rt  annmariebenitez  great meeting w/ nicole  repveasey  thank you for your support on women s health protection act actforwomen  ncjw  th…
met with  citizensclimate to discuss how we can increase bipartisanship when it comes to addressing climate change …
need some monday motivation  look no further than the teacher who made or continues to make a difference in your li…
rt  kaylalivyy  met  repsinema for the first time last week  it is so important to meet with your local and congressional law makers to hel…
i ll be on  msnbc this morning at about 10 20 am 
the w a t e r use act will help consumers identify more efficient water products  such as toilets & washing machines --&gt 
free admission  join us tomorrow for a national dayof prayer breakfast at 8 45 am in winter springs with special gue…
the court s temporary injunctions are not a permanent solution  congress must act immediately and pass a…
rt  jdsalant    repbillpascrell says  realdonaldtrump tax plan  declared war on paterson   video 
  speakerryan should let us vote on  at the very least  bipartisan bills to strengthen background checks and end th…
it was my pleasure to meet you and your employees  thanks for the tour
rt  yoginucs  and right on cue  usrepkcastor points out that he is not only failing to accept responsibility for ethics scandals  but more…
happy birthday   reprobinkelly  proud to work with you to decrease gun violence in america 
our students deserve someone who is willing to fight for them  time and time again  secretary devos has proven this…
sending best wishes to our east bay sikh community  happy vaisakhi 
rt  demsespanol  el día de hoy los republicanos votarán a favor de un fraudulento plan fiscal que aumentará los impuestos de decenas de mil…
to all those celebrating  have a happy passover & a blessed good friday 
the united states will always stand firm against those who would wish us harm  acts of terror will never break us  -
president trump s decision to strip tps from salvadorans  many of whom have legally lived and worked in this countr…
moved by the thousands of young people throughout our country who came out to call for solutions to reduce gun viol…
rt  agefriendlysea  another photo of our special guests at the  agingkingcounty advisory council meeting  foreground  left to right   raman…
rt  krassenstein  breaking  lloyds of london has announced that they are terminating all insurance policies that they made available throu…
it was a busy spring break week in our dc office  more than 200 constituents stopped by for a tour of the capitol l…
rt  oversightdems    repcummings requested gowdy issue subpoena to obtain docs relating to allegations that cambridge analytica may have vi…
on monday  march 12 at 4 p m  mt  i ll hold a live telephone town hall to answer your questions about my work in co…
good things happen when we work together as a team  still a lot more work to do  but together we have put this proj…
to those who have been wondering how  collusion  might be charged  the special counsel has now given us a good indi…
happy to announce  metrolosangeles has been awarded  2 4 billion to expand  lacity transportation  including the me…
rt  housebudgetdems  ranking member  repjohnyarmuth s statement on new  uscbo baseline  which confirms that president trump and congression…
rt  lauriemacph  congress exists to have debates-  gerryconnolly why won t  speakerryan allow debate on gun reform now town hall for our lives…
rt  waysmeanscmte  ways & means democrats  reprichardneal   repjohnlarson  and  repdannydavis are working to reduce social security hearing…
rt  susanwbrooks  the national non-emergency mobile number act  which rep  brooks introduced w/ repannaeshoo  would direct the fcc to desig…
 secazar has a staff member who abuses his authority and tries enforcing his personal views on immigrant women  he…
gop budget cuts billions from medicare  medicaid  ssi  other important programs to offset massive tax cuts for rich 
the trump administration s failure to protect american citizens of color knows no bounds  let s be honest  flint…
i urge the trump administration to improve upon the current iran deal  pursue a path of diplomacy with iran  and wo…
i strongly condemn the appalling & horrific attacks at istanbul ataturk airport  heartbroken by turkey s continued suffering 
rt  repjerrynadler  protect mueller protect rule of law
quincy has a great team of elected officials  led by mayor tom koch  who work hard to make it such a wonderful plac…
rt  waysmeanscmte  yesterday   reprichardneal and other members of the joint select committee on the solvency of multiemployer pension plan…
rt  fscdems  tune in  the  ustreasury secretary mnuchin testifies before the house financial services committee 
rt  oversightdems    repcummings  only 10% of the people who need drug treatment are getting it  if we told our cancer patients that only 1…
rt  tomperez  trump talks a big game  but his reckless decisions are hurting people where they feel it the most 
i m glad the omnibus spending bill will include a much-needed funding fix for wildfire suppression  wildfires will…
go to or to find a plan that works for you and your family …
it s a beautiful day in signal hill  today  i celebrated the grand opening of zinnia- a charming and affordable apa…
rt  hispaniccaucus   the chief of staff s bigoted comments about immigrants seeking refuge are a slap in the face to the generations of peo…
rt  sfntweets  thanks so much to  repmcnerney  drs  windy mcnerney and john morrison  and ms  soy lopez for touring the sf n17 floor and le…
i joined  alexgangitano of  cqrollcall to talk about the 3rd district  what it takes to run for congress  and—of co…
rt  ncuscr  our new report on u s china f d i  https //t co/lye3fd99rv  cited by  nytimes  suilee   between 1990-2017  america pumped more than…
rt  repdonbeyer  not a word  not even a thought for the women porter is accused of physically and verbally abusing  completely unacceptab…
to end a i d s2030  we need everyone in our communities  especially communities of color  to get tested  it s national…
you don t want to miss my impeachment update from the floor of the house of representatives this morning between 9a…
rt  nowthisnews   i do not yield  not one second to you  not one second   — rep  maxine waters will never stop reclaiming her time
grateful for the opportunity to kick off i p c summit2018 today  now more than ever  we must build on the movement to…
i believe cybersecurity is one of our biggest challenges  it s now time we declare our election tech as  critical infrastructure  
the biomedical and life science industry is an integral part of the u s economy  tmc3 is great news for the houston…
the attacks on journalists today in kabul are tragic and appalling  a reminder of the importance  and risks that re…
rt  heatherkellyphd  we  apa and  apapractice are so grateful to rep  tulsi gabbard  tulsipress for hearing our concerns and including an a…
rt  kevinlindamood  great way to end a d c  lobby day with the maryland delegation by meeting with  hchomeless friend  repraskin  he sums…
rt  replloyddoggett  since 2006  the average cost for a year of medication for someone with a chronic disease has more than doubled to over…
i ve known  johntierney_ma for years & have watched how hard he works for his district  if you re in  ma6   i hope you vote for him  mapoli
each social security contribution buys retirement  disability & survivor insurance  it works & i m going to keep it strong social security80
very concerned about offshoredrilling off of md s coast  so i m joining my md colleagues in urging governor…
thanks  repmaloney for your leadership  we will work to take guns out of the hands of those who should not have the…
yesterday s mass shooting at marjory stoneman douglas high school is a horrific tragedy that must be a call to acti…
i m deeply concerned by reports that administrator pruitt intends to revoke the california waiver to set vehicle em…
cada día que pasa sin que se den las negociaciones que la ley promesa propicia para lograr esa reestructuración  es un día perdido 
we can and should do better  it s on all of us to close the gender pay gap  lawmakers  employers  & workers alike  equal pay day
s/o to  rupahuq for organizing around such an important & overlooked issue  it s high time we realign our legislati…
i had the opportunity to visit fuller elementary school in raleigh today for  bring your legislator to school day  …
after viewing the stunning submissions for this year s congressional art competition  i m amazed once again by the c…
truly honored to be recognized as a bipartisan leader by  bpc_bipartisan  watch the event live  congressmanruiz
do you take the train to work  we need your help  metra and cta stations are some of the best places to gather   
rt  lvchamber  welcome  repjackyrosen to eggs and issues  smithcenterlv  discussing the bipartisan work she s doing as a member of the prob…
rt  davemkoehler  our defender of the ca coast  on the hill and at home  fun to see him in action     rephuffman  sonomalandtrust  ltall…
tune in now for my joint town hall with  asmsusaneggman 
heading back to d c  where trump wants billions for a ridiculous border wall  go ask mexico for the money  like you promised 
i have yet to see the president s strategy or plan regarding the north korea summit  i hope it s as least as good a…
that is why congress is standing up today to ensure that this administration understands that the constitution   
many americans were shocked to learn of sinclair s top-down programming agenda and consolidation of local news  che…
after saying she made no effort to visit struggling schools during her 60 minutes interview  i invited…
rt  patciarrocchi  with the  realromadowney and  padua_academy and  repbrochester for a night of women s achievement 
rt  howardstutz  7-0  goldenknights lucky seven go knights go vegas born s jvs v g k
this week s action steps 
the house gop farm bill proposal creates massive state bureaucracy and burden on state budgets  putting all the cos…
rhode island is fortunate to have a champion like  senwhitehouse leading the charge on climate change and other imp…
happy birthday to rosa parks  thanks to her tremendous courage  we are a better country  may we never forget her le…
the outright lies by president trump  his campaign  and this entire administration just reinforce the importance of…
rt  officialcbc  watch our press conference on the jobs and justice omnibus legislation we re introducing 
 cbs46 for health hair interview on  atlpluggedin  tune in at 12 30pm today 
rt  jaketapper  remains of wwii serviceman finally return to ohio today
will join  nancypelosi today to discuss trump s destructive decision to withdraw from the iran deal  in today s…
as we ve worked to find common ground & seek solutions that both sides of the aisle can embrace   repdonbacon and i…
very proud of the rio grande valley s own sister norma pimentel  representing catholic charities and addressing   
  housedemocrats are here to help america s workers get ahead  i m proud to be in the fight with my colleagues for…
immigrants who come as family are workers  entrepreneurs  caregivers  teachers  and neighbors  value our families no family ban
103 years after the start of the armenian genocide  the us still has not recognized it  that s why i joined my coll…
this mothers day  we must recommit to opposing divisive trump administration policies that seek to rip families apa…
rt  repgregorymeeks  the trump administration is making it harder to protect college students from predatory lending and return money to th…
rt  ppaplac  great meeting with pp champion  repcardenas  thank you for standing w/ the 250 000 patients of la  stand with p p
my weekly newsletter on welcoming hector barajas home and upcoming events in  ca44  
great speaking with  yourchamberor today about how my work in dc can help to support local business in north clacka…
those serious about criminal justice reform should look to the efforts of the philadelphia  san francisco  san dieg…
congratulations to julianne annika elipse  a student at father gabriel richard catholic high school in ann arbor  f…
so proud of the students participating in national walkout day  these kids are the future of our country and they ar…
rt  kamalaharris  it s simple  students should be able to go to college without being weighed down by mountains of debt that trap them in a…
15 mil people who gained coverage will lose it  older americans get charged 5x more for their plans  gop made us wait 7 years for that   aca 
peotus trump s claims of voter fraud & that he won the popular vote are not only un-presidential  they re scary 
we must continue our efforts to keep housing affordable  especially for the most vulnerable residents throughout ou…
i sent a letter to  secelainechao in support of san diego s application  our weather  diverse geological terrain  a…
rt  aflcio  on average  women are paid just 80 cents for every  1 paid to male counterparts  for women of color  the wagegap is much large…
ag on sotu  the president is going to brag & boast about what he s going to call the best tax cut in history  when …
rt  energycommerce  watch live  full committee hearing with facebook ceo mark zuckerberg →
sba s nationwide network of women s business centers can help women entrepreneurs across the country start and grow…
rt  hfacdemocrats  rm  repeliotengel s statement on the state dept  authorization
terrific conversation with wachusett regional high school government class this morning  these thoughtful students…
rt  cardschat  supreme court overturns  paspa   paving way for states to determine sports betting legality  repdinatitus
 this position is also dangerous for the north korean nuclear crisis  where the costs of war would be catastrophic …
rt  repesty  you see 7 000 pairs of shoes to represent 7 000 children killed due to gun violence since sandy hook  i see 7 000 birthdays  h…
refreshing and inspiring speech from president macron where he spoke passionately about the importance of multilate…
 epaoig  tgowdysc  gopoversight update   epaoig has accepted our request for an independent review of…
the  fcc  is voting on rolling back net neutralityrules today  call right now and tell them to keep the internet free and fair  202-418-1000
 believe in something larger than yourself    get involved in the big ideas of your time - selfless words by a devo…
we joined the martinez chamber of commerce in presenting awards to eight citizens & businesses in contra costa coun…
rt  jblasconyc  our amazing elected officials greeting constituents at the district2fair  carlinarivera  galeabrewer  nydiavelazquez
astronomically price-gouging the epi pen--a lifesaving drug that american families depend on--is reckless & unconscionable 
great to be back at my alma mater  napa valley college  for their 75th anniversary founders day  thank you for all…
as 2017 draws to a close  i m proud of what we have accomplished on behalf of the hardworking people of  oh11   ther…
thank you to everyone who attended my town hall last night in beloit  i always enjoy hearing from my constituents a…
today  we mark 75 years since the attack on pearl harbor  we remember all who gave their lives on that fateful day 
live  proud to stand with dreamers from across the country here at the  uscapitol as guests for tonight s  sotu  add…
today  repgwenmoore made a birthday wish to bring back our girls  happy birthday and thanks for your support and fait…
rt  chci  don t miss  lorettasanchez and  pennypritzker deliver remarks during the  chci   2016hhm  closing plenary 
rt  coveredca  find the best health plan for you  use the covered c a shop and compare tool to view 2018 coverage options available in your…
we have no choice  we must stop this bill  202-224-3121
my colleagues and i write to the senate  at the cia  gina haspel oversaw torture and participated in evidence destr…
on yom hashoah  we remember the holocaust s devastating demonstration of the depths to which those who commit & tur…
rt  repteddeutch  remember when trump fired comey b/c russia investigation  or when trump ordered the firing of mueller but backed down whe…
a2  to be blunt   epascottpruitt has failed the american people  he must vacate his office immediately  and that s…
rt  nrdems  breaking  the trump admin is moving the country closer to opening the arctic refuge to drilling  house dems sent a letter to  …
arizona schools rely on the individuals with disabilities education act to serve kids with special needs  we re wor…
proud to support the president s action on the paris climate agreement on earth day
looking into the fierce  young eyes at today s student rally  i was filled w/ sadness at the reality that  gop lead…
rt  mkink   private equity made a quick buck on the back of workers  and it s not just the money — it s about dignity and respect  there i…
rt  repdwightevans  as a former teacher & an indiv who greatly benefited from attending  ccpedu    lasalleuniv  i advise students who visit…
it s with heavy heart that we mourn loss of maria santiago-burgos  a puerto rican survivor of hurricane maria this…
to honor the lives of victims and survivors on international holocaust remembrance day   we must remain vigilant agai…
congratulations patrick wilson— newly sworn in as mayor of rolling hills  looking forward to continuing to work tog…
today  tune in live to our state of the district address  we re bringing jobs to arizona by putting aside our diffe…
just spoke out re  the importance of making sure that people in rural wi communities don t lose access to affordabl…
thanks to the warpinski family for sharing their story 
thank you to  repdelbene for her work on this important issue  everyone has a family member or knows someone direct…
saddened to learn that south tx native was among those killed in uss fitzgerald collision  full statement here …
reminder to el paso high school students  the submission deadline for the 2018 congressional art competition is com…
donald trump said a good shutdown is what the country needs  he wanted this  it s time for trump and the republican…
to all those celebrating  may you and your family have joyous and blessed easter sunday  happy easter
while the wealthiest households in la will enjoy this tax break  low-income families will see the eitc under attack  g o p budget
one year out from president trump s inauguration & the historic womens march   housedemwomen are hosting a tweetsto…
since republicans took control of government and began their work to undermine the  aca   the number of uninsured am…
rt  bluecollardems  as we fight for better wages and better jobs in america  we must hear from stakeholders across all industries  thanks t…
the supreme court  affirmed the july 2015 decision that the pr public corporation debt enforcement and recovery act is preempted by chap  9
rt  transportdems  ranking member  reppeterdefazio sat down w/  bgov to discuss infrastructure week and his priorities including  -faa reau…
 floridasbdcn  flsmallbizguy the pleasure was all mine  i appreciate the opportunity to work the  floridasbdcn on…
 donomom54  wilberforce_u you bet 
happy to spend some time this morning with a group of smallbusiness owners that either live or have operations in…
rt  officialcbc  join us on tuesday  may 8  2018 from 9 am - 5 pm est for c b c demands justice – a twitter town hall on community policing an…
rt  naleo  19 states have created new barriers to latino voter participation since 2012  v r achat
what s your favorite pinellas small biz and why  small biz week
get ready san antonio     ramblers m b b loyola chicago
thanks to the  bi_chamber for the welcome this morning  it was great talking to you about the infrastructure that s…
rt  sxmpolitics    repjoekennedy called on congress  to try to do something to make sure that we don t have kids that are getting gunned do…
  neinstitutetech s expansion is a testament to its success preparing students for 21st century jobs  i m pleased…
californians  haven t filed your federal tax return  do not panic  you can request a 6-month extension from  irs  
rt  foxnews    cbrangel  i d push to abolish electoral college even if  hillaryclinton won  tucker
rt  nitalowey  a bipartisan group of 6 former  uscensusbureau directors warned against including a citizenship question on the 2020 census …
don t tell me this is about protecting the second amendment when you won t stand up for the first amendment 
over the weekend we lost linda brown  who at just 9 years old became a model of heroism in the fight for equality i…
we can do it  repdonbeyer  repmaloney -  era  now 
thank you for stopping by 
congratulations to captain dan mcclellan for being named the kiwanis club of concord s firefighter of the year for…
are you a sacramento county veteran who needs help with your benefits or health care  we ve helped return more than…
 congressbdaybot  senatorhughes
shame  9 000 nepalese  200 000 salvadorans  45 000 haitians  2 500 nicaraguans  and now 50 000 hondurans  uprooted…
arizonans  your voice matters   interior might reconsider  natlparkservice fee increases after overwhelming public…
the saudis do not share american values of freedom and democracy  they are authoritarian monarchs who have already…
 realdonaldtrump has neither responded to our requests nor fulfilled the promises he made from our first meeting 
🚨 attention dreamers 🚨 right now  you can still apply to renew your daca  if you meet the requirements to apply for…
thank you to our veterans  please take time today to reflect on the profound sacrifices and contributions they have made for our country 
we march today to commemorate the 1 5 million men  women and children killed in the armenian genocide more than one…
  reppeteking and i are committed to working with local high school students on gun violence prevention 
my colleague asked sec  zinke a serious question about gov t funding and received the response  konnichiwa   this b…
check out  sbagov s free webinar on creating and sustaining a strong social media presence for your small business …
1 of omb s key responsibilities is production of the president s budget gov-wide  on that measure  i m afraid omb h…
i know that 2017 was tough for a lot of people  it s more important than ever that i hear your concerns  so please…
it was wonderful to join a big crowd today to kick off the 50th anniversary celebration for the saint croix nationa…
thanks to the students and faculty at  stmarysmd for inviting me to speak at the natural science and mathematics co…
rt  dutchessofdork  join the resistance and help end the trump presidency  via  lockawaytrump
rt  cleanairmoms  thank you   reprubengallego for standing up for our children s health and making it clear that  epascottpruitt is failing…
republicans control the house  senate and white house  the american people are well aware who s to blame  we need t…
wishing a happy birthday to my friend   repdwightevans  thank you for your leadership and commitment to ensuring al…
let s solve problems  reach compromise  fund our military & domestic agencies  protect d r e a mers & children s healt…
defendclimate
i stand w our fellow americans in puerto rico &  usvi   we must deploy resources needed to help those 3 600 000 americans survive and recover 
i am sad to hear about the passing of congresswoman louise slaughter  she dedicated her life to helping others thro…
here is a poll that  realdonaldtrump should remember – over 90% of americans support universal background checks   nraam 
update  the suspected shooter has been taken into custody 
rt  jrosenworcel  thank you  repbillfoster &  repmarktakano for your resolution reintroducing the office of technology assessment  which wa…
rt  hawaiiredcross  red cross recommends volcano evacuees pack 2-week emergency kits via  staradvertiser
we have some important questions for  facebook ceo mark zuckerberg 
check out  boston25 s latest series   crossroads   which profiles lowell in the program s first episode  i sat dow…
my heart goes out to the workers killed or injured in the colonial pipeline explosion in alabama yesterday
we have spoken for the overwhelming majority of americans that support simple  sensible steps to prevent gun violen…
rt  tinderfireinfo  evacuations  road closures  and structures burned as high winds drove tinder fire into local communities today
  potus let me give you a few ideas you can actually advocate to recognize our service members  -additional resourc…
today  on the 50th anniversary of dr  king s death  i am continued to be inspired by his teachings and dream of uni…
this legislation will reverse the  prison gerrymander  by which prisoners are counted as living in districts they w…
polluting pruitt has proposed drastic budget cuts to  epa programs that protect americans  health  now he s under a…
rt  iexaminer  before congresswoman pramila jayapal s town hall meeting in downtown seattle at the beginning of may  ie writer  thecliffc3…
rt  repteddeutch  19 years have passed since the horrific shooting at columbine  since then  there have been 85 school shootings  223 tea…
watch live  as i sit down with bob cusack  editor in chief of the hill newspaper to discuss the infrastructure need…
today  i stopped by  delawaretech s terry campus to meet with  drmarkbrainard  faculty  and high school students  w…
rt  repmcgovern  tonight at 6pm  proud to join  repgutierrez for worcester town hall at  ymcaofcm on issues facing latino communities in…
as national park week begins  it is fee free day today at all  natlparkservice national parks  including 27 parks acr…
this to  stevebellone for hosting the conversation on big guns  bookrevueli
15 yrs later  we still feel the pain of 9/11  today is for reflection & service  my heart is especially with families that lost loved ones 
rt  march4livesnyc  delivered postcards to congressman himes  thank you  jahimes for sharing your frustration on gun control inaction and d…
rt  peta   repdinatitus thank you so much for testifying and speaking out for animals  you are an inspiration 
 stuffjudesays thank you jude  i m glad you are becoming politically active  as for guns  during my entire career i…
she makes sure students have school supplies  clothing & food and has been a champion of increasing district-wide a…
thanks to everyone who came out for tonight s town hall in jersey city  the young people who worked on tonight s ev…
thinking for our neighbors to the west  california  we stand with you and pray for a speedy end to these devastating wildfires
as we wake to the horrific news of the mass shooting in las vegas our prayers are with the victims  families  and law enforcement officials
new  cbo  score shows 32m lose coverage in latest repeal/delay hc plan  congress must be held responsible   ussenate should consider my bill 
rt  oversightdems    repcummings and  repjohnconyers letter to cambridge analytica giles-parscale targetpoint consulting the data trust and…
rt  scicmtedems  the g o p tax plan would put an unduly tax burden on graduate and phd students  we should be encouraging our best and brighte…
200 democrats & republicans aren t afraid of the gun lobby and are willing to pass the thompson king background che…
holocaust remembrance day  join me in a pledge to never forget the 6 million jewish people  and the countless others…
including a citizenship question in the 2020 census only serves to suppress participation & will result in inaccura…
rt  senatedems  flashback  republicans should follow 2010 precedent and delay g o p tax scam until senator-elect doug jones is seated 
the  usda has reopened enrollment for the mpp program to support our local dairyfarmers after i led a bipartisan l…
happy birthday to my good friend  corybooker  thank you for your endless work for the people of new jersey and the country 
rt  cetworks  a special visit by our  repzoelofgren visiting our culinary students  our future workforce  enrollment is open
i m speaking about the importance of an accurate 2020census to make informed decisions  whether it is the allocati…
good speaking with you mr  chairman 
the biggest economic challenge of our time is that too many people are in jobs that do not pay them enough to live…
a former senior aide to  sentedcruz  the nunes memo  and the gop campaign to release it  is an effort to gaslight a…
looking forward to taking your questions and hearing what s on your mind at our next town hall — tuesday  february…
i took to the floor today to remind  speakerryan and the  gop that hunger sees no gender  race  religion  or politi…
discussing early stem programs w/educators  administrators & students at  plymouthstate center for young children &…
rt  jbendery  rep  gerry connolly tells me he is  informed reliably  by gop colleagues that paul ryan  who abruptly fired the house chaplai…
thanks for having me  it was an honor to be with such a dynamic group of women today 
students will be required to bring their school id and a release form signed by their parent/guardian to enter the…
  officialcbc delegation is at  merrittcollege to discuss techquity and education  tune in at 7 pm et/4 pt to watc…
rt  cancercare4all  when insurers demand higher out-of-pocket costs from cancer patients  fewer patients can afford to fill their cancer m…
the faces that are going to change the world  march for our lives portland
rt  taxmarch  panelists wrap up our trump tax town hall with words of advice  ✊  know your power  – nancypelosi 💪  be an activist  – dwst…
had a great time at tabernacle baptist church east end s southeast community priase break block party today
there have been media reports about how more than 3 000 russian ads were bought on facebook to incite racial & reli…
i led a group of my democratic colleagues from california in calling on calpers to uphold its stated values of soci…
this year s fourth district  volunteer of the year award  goes to  cityofrpv resident and green-thumb extraordinair…
rt  electprogress  a vocal leader in the house   lloyddoggetttx understands what we must do grow our nation 
each year  future build helps train east county young adults for high-wage jobs in a variety of in-demand industrie…
this was long overdue and will help deported veterans in the tijuana region  we must keep working to help deported…
the annual navy  seaperch challenge at  navstaglakes is always such a great event  so impressed watching students t…
rt  kamillekstewart   our magic is no longer for free      cc   repyvetteclarke black girl magic i am an overcomer
do you have an idea or are you seeking opportunities outside of the traditional workplace  join me next friday  4…
an entire generation has come of age since the horrific tragedy at columbine  their courage and determination to ch…
  thejusticedept should reject the merger of  wearesinclair and  tribunemedia  if it fails to do so  one media cong…
honored to stand w/ bill lucy  coleman thompson &former memphis city councilman michael hooks sr  at dedication of…
rt  housejuddems  rm  repjerrynadler  i am standing here with my democratic colleagues from the house judiciary committee to deliver a unit…
just in ➡️some good news  the m train repairs will be finished on time and regular service will resume on april 30t…
rt  oversightdems  just in  dhs releases hold on ig report on trump s muslim ban -- unprecedented report issued by the ig on president dona…
rt  smalluavs    repricklarsen says on house floor that  hr4  aircraft certification reforms will support integration of  uas  into the natio…
as of today  11 912  daca  recipients have lost their status after trump ended the program on sept 5th  dreamers ca…
a new  noaa report warns that by 2100  high-tide flooding could increase and occur every other day or more  this fl…
i m proud to cosponsor  repohalleran s resolution of support for raising teacher pay and increasing investment in p…
this february we honor the sacrifices and accomplishments of those who came before us – and recommit ourselves to w…
looking forward to attending the 2018 fiscal summit hosted by  pgpfoundation tomorrow  tune in at 1 30 pm et for my…
rt  oversightdems    repcummings   this is the latest in a string of grave national security breaches at the highest levels of the trump ad…
today   speakerryan and  housegop are forcing a vote – a vote many within their own party don t want to take – on a…
i m outraged by the racial bias on display at starbucks  but i m not surprised  this should not be treated as an…
it s small business week  👉🏼55% of small biz owners don t think new tax law puts them on level field w/ big biz 👉🏼6…
pulling out of the iran deal damages our credibility  divides us from our allies  and increases iran s ability to d…
huckabee sanders says firing of comey will be seen as one of trumps greatest achievements if so she apparently s…
these findings are a clear indication that the  usedgov needs to put guidance in place that will ensure our young b…
met with luis vera and other lulac leaders at estella s mexican restaurant on san antonio s west side to help get o…
a must see  sunshine week
here s a great list of 9 important things that all rhode islanders should know about our state s children courtesy…
new hampshire should be on the forefront of defending a free and open internet to maintain our economic competitive…
rt  senatorcarper  make that an even dozen for  epascottpruitt  after a request from me and  senjeffmerkley   epaoig is opening the 12th…
students are demanding gun control now  enough is enough never again
on important working-class democratic issues such as criminal justice reform  infrastructure investment   15 minimu…
rt  waysmeanscmte  ten ways & means democrats joined ranking member  reprichardneal today in questioning the possibility of politically-mot…
i just published  state of our union w  lynda bengtsson-davis & sarah mcbride 
rt  waysmeanscmte  do you or someone you love rely on medicare  if the g o p tax bill becomes law  medicare s funding will automatically be s…
this is pathetic and sad  what kind of person has to be reminded to say   i hear you  to victims of gun violence 
that would be good government  a good use of taxpayer dollars  and what the people of delaware sent me here to advo…
president trump is praising a g o p tax scam that gave 83 1% of the benefits to corporations and the wealthiest one pe…
today  members of the bipartisan congressional caucus of women s issues will host a hearing on combatting service   
denver is using tax revenue generated from legal marijuana to build affordable housing  it is silly to keep this in…
great to meet with lebanon native master gunnery sergeant stryker today  i appreciate his dedicated service to our…
the opioid epidemic has ravaged every corner of our nation—leaving no community unscathed  as millions of families…
  kingjames has proven time and time again that he s a champion on and off the court  he understands that politics…
  thejusticedept &  usedgov must uphold 2014 school discipline guidance package  to remind schools of their legal o…
thanks to all who showed up this morning for a town hall with the  tacoma_chamber westside wakeup  it was a great m…
i applaud  potus decision to visit hiroshima  my statement on the visit and my invitation to pearl harbor75 →
rt  cnntonight  the state of the union  trump and race   donlemon hosts a special conversation with congressional black caucus members  rep…
the st  croix festival village  irmaria stress free zone  is officially open  have a safe …
 let us march on   til victory is won…  i am humbled to sponsor legislation recognizing educator  activist & compos…
  ppofmi works every day to provide affordable  quality health care to michiganders  that s why i standwith p p and…
on holocaust remembrance day  let us honor the memories of the more than 6 million lives lost by taking the time to…
 morehouse  est  in 1867  is 1 of 10 hbcus in ga & 1 of 2 hbcus to produce rhode scholars  notable alumni include d…
my redlands town hall will be available to stream tonight on facebook live  tune in here at 6 30pm 
millions of outdoor recreation enthusiasts and companies overwhelmingly support publiclands and oppose efforts to…
my statement on the omnibus budget  latinos & immigrants got run over by the omnibus | congressman luis gutierrez…
yesterday s rocket attack on israel by iran s revolutionary guard is a serious provocation  iran is a threat to sta…
a mind to work  
i m celebrating national foster youth month by helping to make the foster youth voices in my district heard  we cann…
all americans should pay their fair share into social security  so the wealthiest don t receive a tax exemption on most of their income 
i ve always had a great time at knoxville s  peacetreebrew  another great small business success story in iowa   iowasbdc small business week
happy mother s day  arizona 
being consistent means that the things you ve said in the past remain relevant  alan has always spoken truth to pow…
hoping today was one full of family   friends  and enjoyment while celebrating the workers that make this nation so great  happy labor day
mark your calendars  all national parks will offer free admission this saturday  4/21  to kick off national park we…
congratulations to the 2018 district and charter teachers of the year  thank you  and all de teachers  for your com…
rt  kingscollege_pa    repcartwright presents a lecture by polish ambassador ryszard schnepf at king s on monday  details 
rt  mrpak95  thank you  repfilemonvela for discussing higher ed issues with  big12conference student leaders  big x i ionthe hill
rt  tedxrainier   repjimmcdermott encourages us to look at advance directives  t e dx rainier
rt  repkclark  i will never forget watching as the  housegop celebrated passing trumpcare – a vote which caused families across the countr…
the people have spoken  an iconic brooklyn restaurant has responded  we reject the nra and the gun manufacturers wh…
in this week s e-newsletter  i recap the latest from dc  including my ongoing work to protect dreamers  an inquiry…
a special congratulations to one of michigan s own for winning the boston marathon2018  and for making history as…
rt  repteddeutch    realdonaldtrump is one  foxnews segment away from another saturday night massacre  that s why the senate cmte s appro…
enjoyed my time at the howard beach senior center earlier today  proud to rep bk & queens in the house  will make i…
rt  oversightdems  if true  these reports raise significant questions about what was discussed in these meetings  the terms of these loans …
there was a lot of talk last week about facebook  but no action on the honest ads act  this wed   issueonereform s…
with the changeover at the  deptvetaffairs  vets in our region--know i ll keeping pushing the  va  to serve you bett…
had a great time today at the 3rd annual fiesta north las vegas celebration  thank you councilman  isaacbarron &…
america needs to engage in the world  not withdraw & undermine our credibility  iran deal
rt  eugene_scott   his response to a whole host of policy challenges have been extremely regressive  there has been such a sort of underton…
tomorrow is election day for  ca26   polls are open 7am to 8pm  find your polling location 
met w/ business agents from the international brotherhood of  teamsters today and discussed the impact multiemploye…
as republicans meet behind closed doors to slash taxes for the wealthy  today s job report shows 33k were lost in september  trump economy
we must all condemn the attack on a synagogue in shiraz  the iranian government needs to protect all its citizens…
had the privilege of honoring so many talented young people at our congressional awards ceremony 
all systems are go  tomorrow   nasa and  nasajpl will launch a mission to another planet from the west coast for th…
it is hard for seniors to make ends meet when they rely solely on social security  nobody should be able to retire…
like any country  israel has the right to defend itself against attacks  yesterday s missile strikes aimed at israe…
  repvaldemings  and thank you for sharing your powerful message of political empowerment & progress with oregonian…
water is not a privilege  which is why today i m introducing a resolution on the u s  house floor advocating for th…
rt  progcongress  thank you progressive champion  repcartwright for passionately defending access to affordable healthcare for americans  p… 
a mind to work  
rt  repadamschiff  china backs trump project in indonesia to tune of  500 million  trump backs china with fix for zte  a company that has c…
enjoying a warm cup of coffee with our  chaffeycollege mugs  thanks for stopping by this week  sorry you missed the…
town meetings in vermont exemplify the way we do business  we listen to one another  we respect different opinions …
rt  housebluedogs  congress should have voted on  repstephmurphy s blue dog-endorsed balanced budget amendment that upholds our promise to…
joined  senatormenendez & mayor reiman in carteret to announce grant of  9 million from the federal transit admin…
thanks to everyone who took the time to chat with me this morning at the canyon park – park and ride  i really appr…
rt  housedemocrats  fifty years after the loss of his mentor and friend  dr  martin luther king  jr    repjohnlewis reminds us that real pr…
overall  the g o p tax plan is heartless  raising taxes for middle-class families  taking away vital tax deductions …
 hr36  would criminalize abortions 20 weeks after gestation & send our country backward  it s past time to…
rt  march_ct  kids and teens across ct preparing for saturday s march for our lives  🇺🇸
need republicans to join and bring to floor  have one need about 25  been two week break since filed  renewing push…
good to visit with  uscoastguard commandant admiral paul zukunft on capitol hill during a sea service award ceremon…
rt  aslavitt  breaking news on chip  cbo now says if congress extends chip for 10 years instead of 5  it will not cost the government anyth…
while this omnibusbill is far from ideal  i am happy it includes many items that will benefit residents of the fir…
tune in 
rt  mkennedychouane  katy castagna  unitedwaymcca welcomes  repjimmypanetta  phillipsforsupe other local leaders and community members to  …
 amy_baur  tblightning awesome  i ll tell mom
rt  repcohen  my op-ed in the memphis commercial appeal  memphisnews   we still need m l k s  fierce urgency of now    concerning  mlk50  &…
last week  i met w/ reps from planned parenthood california central coast to discuss ways we can continue to protec…
the democratic memo should be vetted by security agencies & immediately released so the public can get the full pic…
this mothers day  we honor the selfless  indomitable women who have helped make us into the people we are today  fr…
rt  officialcbc  cbc chairman  reprichmond to  nflcommish   for african americans  it is not about standing  sitting  or kneeling for the n…
infrastructure week is here again  and the administration still has not committed to robust investment in us infras…
wday tv covered my visit to moorhead with  amyklobuchar 
this is big news for those in western and central massachusetts dealing with crumblingfoundations in their homes …
rt  prfaa    fema ha acordado extender el programa  tsa  hasta mayo 14    fema ha comunicado que no se llevarán a cabo desalojos en el día d…
participated in the seay plaza rededication and time capsule ceremony at fort eustis  pictured with major general m…
the silver lining to a tough week  getting to be a part of the pony united youth baseball league s opening day last…
today i had the honor of speaking w/ students in their gov t class at merced s el capitan high  our young people…
teachers are so often some of the most influential people in the lives of our children  through their passion  tire…
thanks for meeting with me and sharing your stories  i ll keep doing everything i can to protect d r e a mers in congre…
glad that the  natlparkservice has added the ridgewood reservoir to the national register of historic places  prou…
check it out  jeep fest
welcome to toledo  cliffsnr 
on may 12th  our nation s largest one-day food drive is taking place  for your convenience  your mailman can collec…
great to be with ohio s family in washington tonight to celebrate the buckeye state s 215th birthday at the…
very true   tampabaywave building startup success w accelerator ⚡️⚡️⚡️ so vital in our diverse community …
ben carson s inability to uphold the role of hud in promoting affordable and inclusive housing must to be called ou…
latin american leaders   this year we ll be focusing on corruption at the summit of the americas   trump  arriving…
the so-called deficit hawks  g o p tax scam will cause the federal deficit to quickly rise  topping  1 trillion by 202…
hosting a panel discussion right now about the health impacts of poor air quality on low-income and minority commun…
rt  uw_rowing  official times from the pac12 row m2v8  final 
high school students  my office is now accepting entries for the 2018 congressional art competition  all submissio…
rt  eileenwbz  covering capuano tonight   any predictions my twitter friends  masen // what do you think  team mike 
  americorps and  seniorcorps volunteers in el paso and across the country are doing absolutely amazing work in our…
hurricane maria made landfall in puerto rico as a cat 4 storm this morning  congress must be ready to send whatever…
good morning  starting the day by talking story about school safety and gun control with the students of…
thank you  1800runaway for inviting me to visit and learn more about your work offering help and hope to runaway  h…
rt  housedemocrats   otd  50 years ago  we lost dr  martin luther king  jr  today  we live by his words   a man dies when he refuses to stan…
instead of carrying out its constitutional duty to conduct an accurate census  the trump administration is using th…
my bipartisan letter to  realdonaldtrump insisting he make buildout of broadband in rural america a top priority  t…
the flint water crisis is not an anomaly—what happened to flint is a warning to all americans  many communities are…
my heart breaks for their families but i continue to hope and pray that they will soon return home   bbog 
uh oh   marcorubio accidentally tells the truth about the g o p tax scam   there s no evidence whatsoever that the m…
hats off to  repdesantis  evolving on an issue  when it s genuine — and not political convenience — is always welco…
rt  goskagit    repdelbene spoke with mount vernon w a high school students last week about politics  civic engagement
i would like to offer a special thanks to  repblumenauer &  reploucorrea for their leadership on this issue …
it is my great honor and privilege to represent the people of ohio s ninth congressional district  and i thank them…
rt  repjohnlewis  58 years ago today  i was arrested for the first time as a participant in the sit-ins at lunch counters in downtown nashv…
great discussion this morning with members of the joint council of ct fire service organization  had the chance to…
glad to see so many dc students participating in dc s annual biketo school day  with more students biking each year …
rt  repbarbaralee  by illegally bombing syria  president trump has once again denied the american people any oversight or accountability in…
joined  repdonbacon in introducing joint electromagnetic spectrum operations readiness act of 2018  to restore elec…
kicking off our  fafsa  and federal student aid event at  rlhspanthers now 
seattle made history w raise the wage  your turn  speakerboehner   mayor_ed_murray  speakerboehner
i m proud to support  davidcicilline s assault weapons ban  this is commonsense legislation that targets the high c…
i applaud this ruling  allowing a lawsuit against the president s financial conflicts of interest to move forward …
general aviation supports more than 30 000 jobs in washington state and this comprehensive  bipartisan faa reauthor…
6th best female rap collaboration  lauryn hill - ready or not on song after song lauryn hill runs up the score  bu…
today  the senate votes to preserve net neutrality and save the internet  do the right thing 
without fixing our broken immigration system  i m concerned these i-9 audits will be counterproductive  divert…
  usdot and  njtransit must heed  ntsb safety recommendations in report on hoboken crash 
*four years* without clean drinking water is something no family should have to suffer  congress must act to ensure…
rt  vetaffairsdems  trump should spend less time undermining 2020census & focus on questions that matter   uscensusbureau  if we are to se…
barbara bush led a life of grace  compassion  and kindness that touched countless texans and americans  my thoughts…
the  fcc has voted to repeal obama-era net neutrality rules  rt if you agree that the internet was meant to be open…
in 2013  while president obama weighed a military strike on syria in response to assad s use of chemical weapons on…
my job is to listen and learn from you--to figure out what s working  what s not  and how we can work together to e…
pleased federal courts said in strong terms what northern oh has known for years -- lake erie is impaired  the stat…
follow  libnofcongress to learn about dr  carla hayden  the first woman & first african american to lead the…
we re holding mobile office hours on wednesday in baldwin to help  ny04  residents find affordable coverage during o…
rt  limeylizzie  my rep   cbrangel just referred to  realdonaldtrump as  this real-estate guy    we ll miss him in harlem  burn
we can t confirm or deny any potential or ongoing investigation  in keeping with our policy at ca doj  but these re…
closing the gender wage gap isn t a women s issue  women not earning equal pay for equal work impacts our families …
rt  greenpeaceusa    reppaultonko just grilled pruitt on his proposal to limit the science the  epa uses in writing environmental protectio…
let us end the uncertainty surrounding dreamers and firmly reject these xenophobic policies  dream act now…
rt  d2dfund  join us 11/4 in washington  dc with  repcartwright &  usreprhinojosa to talk savings bonds
thank you to the longest serving woman in house history  repmarcykaptur for your steadfast advocacy on behalf of ha…
rt  allsaints_fl  zhihan  john  s art received awards at this year s state competitions  we just found out he s won the congressional distr…
rt  repadamschiff  breaking  gop just shut down house intel investigation  leaving questions unanswered  leads unexplored  countless witnes…
 they ve all spent the past 38 years proclaiming that tax cuts for the rich work in theory  and ignoring all the ev…
rt  dcexaminer  california sues epa for easing rules on  major  polluters
i led 120 of my colleagues in writing a letter to u s  secretary of labor acosta  which successfully reversed propo…
rt  waysmeanscmte  after handing big corporations a  2 3 trillion tax cut  president trump and  speakerryan now want to cut billions of dol…
rt  utahdinebikeyah   reprubengallego meets with traditional and tribal elected leaders from hopi  navajo  ute mountain ute  and zuni  cong…
congrats to my friend and colleague  repbradwenstrup  it s an honor to serve with you in congress 
months after it was passed into law  the american people overwhelmingly report that they aren t seeing the benefits…
the trump administration s attack on american manufacturing is setting ohio back and putting gm lordstown at risk …
congrats on earning a 2018  us_imls national medal and thanks for all you do for the community of roch m n …
more important question  why is the ag asking for a fisa investigation at all  doj and fbi already said the nunes m…
nra = no republican action on gun safety       or the dream act or securing our elections       the list goes on  shameful inaction 
america needs to engage in the world  not withdraw & undermine our credibility  iran deal
rt  repcummings  our children are the living messages we send to a future we will never see  the question is how will we send them into tha…
rt  vp  discussing recovery efforts in pr & usvi w/  secelainechao   repjenniffer  sec  wright   staceyplaskett  &  fema s john rabin on wa…
when it comes to syria  we must respond to show this kind of cowardly attack is unacceptable  but we must do it st…
despicable that potus would express lack of support & threaten to withhold federal aid from puerto rico in the mids…
tax cuts don t pay for themselves  so how do republicans want to pay for the g o p tax scam  by cutting crucial benefi…
 ndaa17  includes hundreds of mil  of dollars in infrastructure & defense upgrades  & research funding 
new jersey is leading the nation on equalpay & the rest of the country should wake up  take notice & make changes …
i was deeply saddened to learn of the death of winnie mandela  she was a brave woman who stood for what she believ…
does your  daca  expire between now and march 5  2018  submit your renewal application before october 5  2017 …
i voted against this back-loaded attack on the middle class  and i will continue to fight for tax reform that benef…
congratulations to the u s  women s soccer team on an incredible world cup victory  they made us all proud   uswnt 
the handgun trigger safety act would authorize grants for the development of new technology that allows only an aut…
congratulations to all the winners of the 2018 congressional art competition   oh 
this proposal would expand the port of wilmington through significant investments by the operator and increase good…
rt  dorismatsui  led over 50 members of congress in calling for cont  funding for preservation of historic sites where japanese americans w…
new reports that  dhs  will begin separating parents from children at the border stand in stark contrast to our foun…
the paycheck fairness act is part of the solution for equalpay  but we also must continue the fight on important is…
 riceid  wildstein  stephenathome  usreprodney well  i m on the way back to d c  from small business and health eve…
  repmcnerney and i at our joint town hall in antioch  thank you to all who joined us for this  ca11  and  ca9  speci…
it was an honor to participate 
scott pruitt s decision to end longstanding  epa clean air protections takes us backwards and must be reversed  i a…
for over two centuries  as required under the constitution  the census has striven to provide a fair & accurate rep…
what does the gun reform battle plan look like  read about it here  gunreform…
today s legislation is a step forward in making sure that our day care centers follow the law and that no more chil…
i voted against the g o p tax bill 99% of the tax cuts will go to the top 5%  taxpayers making more than  300 000  by…
thank you to everyone who came out to my open house tonight 
honored to accept  militaryofficer association of america s congressional leadership award  we ll keep working to h…
my colleague  repjeffdenham and i agree that this omnibus was an incomplete deal without a solution to…
rt  houseagdems  when ranking member peterson first got here  we didn t have twitter  however we did have a functioning  bipartisan process…
was surprised and grateful when maravilla community advisory committee officers surprised me with a plaque in appre…
i joined 18 of my fellow ags calling on congressional leaders to protect long-time residents of the us from being f…
this national women s health week  let s commit to taking care of ourselves  from annual check-ups to getting enoug…
rt  opticalsociety  osa ceo liz rogan  national photonics initiative chair ed white from  aimphotonics &  repjoshg at this morning s capito…
since the  aca  was signed into law 8 years ago  nearly 20 million more americans are now insured  i will keep fight…
the republican tax scheme hurts middle-class families and is a boon to billionaires  it should be rejected 
with this shameful action  donald trump has once again betrayed hardworking americans 
as a strong supporter of the hud veterans affairs supportive housing  vash  program – which is specifically designe…
rt  mediaite  dem rep tears into trump s mexico/daca tweets   it s either fox news or it s fantasy   video 
pay raise   yes we can   that s a great way to welcome a new year   plus the  eagles beat the cowboys   2017 mayb…
rt  nickkristof  mr  trump  one should never count one s nobel peace prizes before they re awarded 
instead of protecting americans from dangerous chemicals in their water  the epa says that enacting safe drinking w…
rt  houstonfoodbank  thank you  repgenegreen for fighting for your food insecure constituents  farmbill snap
happy to meet with  rutgersu students who are advocating for adequate student financial aid 
the hypocrisy of president trump s decision to block release of the democratic memo reaches out and grabs you by th…
thanks to  authenticom1 for showing me around your lax office  good local biz that creates jobs and grows the local…
congress can t prohibit the president from abusing the pardon power  but we can ensure that if he uses it to shield…
i believe students in our congressional district and across the country are taking our country to a higher level of…
we must hold hearings & finally address that terrorism inflicted by white supremacy extremists is destroying  usa 
if fl legislature can pass gunsafety legislation  congress can too  disappointed no assault weapons ban and more gu…
  senjohnmccain is a hero  plain & simple  he served & sacrificed for his country & has gone above and beyond for a…
pleased  google is showcasing pgh as an example of an  innovation ecosystem  that s reshaping the global economy 
rt  latinovictoryus   lzhernandez02 is making history  here are some fun facts about the young puerto rican gymnast team u s a
productive meeting talking nafta with  kathleen_wynne  premier of our neighbor ontario  especially about the need t…
rt  esopassociation  thanks to  nydiavelazquez   repstevechabot  and  repjaredpolis hr 5236 passes house  rep  velazquez calls bill a  comm…
sacramento police fire 20 shots at young  unarmed father  he was killed in cold blood  in his own backyard  thoroug…
spoke with  latamgoesglobal about the rapidly changing dynamics in the economy  education  and security between the…
rt  donaldnorcross  thank you  replawrence & the congressional caucus for women s issues for inviting me to your hearing today  it was an…
joining my e&c colleagues in calling for a hearing on gun violence prevention research   gun violence must be addre…
proud to join colleagues on both sides of the aisle in celebrating opening of  nmaahc - impt to add diverse voices to historical discussion
yesterday my staffer  patrick o connor  and officials from the  cityoflaredotx met with staffers from the  neaarts…
our thoughts and support are with the victims and the incredibly brave first responders in…
dear american taxpayer  as you complete your return  we thought you might be interested to know some of the ways th…
stop the vote  i sent a letter to the fcc along with 80 of my colleagues demanding they remove today s vote from th…
after stoneman douglas  fl passed a bipartisan law that doesn t violate the 2nd amendment and makes our communities…
we can never forget the millions of innocent people who were brutally murdered during the holocaust  today & every…
rt  housesbcdems  it s no surprise that ceos from 400  leading companies are urging  realdonaldtrump to reverse his decision to end  daca … 
when the perpetrator of the parkland shooting displayed warning signs  the legal options for police weren t enough…
loebsack introduces legislation to improve access to mental health services
republicans on the senate intelligence committee agree that russia interfered in our election  this is a serious ma…
all students should have access to an education free from discrimination  i sponsored the student non-discriminatio…
rt  nrdems  join  repraulgrijalva for a  facebook live convo about a public health issue americans across the country are facing — access t…
rt  repcheri   houseagnews hey  houseagnews and  housegop we fixed this for you  harm bill not a farm bill
today is the 50th anniversary of rev  martin luther king jr  s assassination  he showed us by his example what it m…
other staff memos   do not fire comey    seriously  do not fire mccabe   &  omg  do not fire mueller      
rt  replloyddoggett  since 2006  the average cost for a year of medication for someone with a chronic disease has more than doubled to over…
it turns out the g o p tax scam is not  paying for itself   instead  the republicans funded tax breaks for the wealthi…
thanks for having me   hughhewitt 
cesar chavez left an enduring legacy of service  community engagement  and dedication to justice  today on cesar ch…
  mariska hargitay s documentary  i am evidence  sheds much-needed light on the heartbreaking backlog of sexual ass…
thank you to all who attended my townhall meeting tonight  being accessible to my constituents is a priority of mi…
let s end this nonsense  work together and pass a long-term funding bill that gives our military   agencies the cer…
proud to stand with mr  mellin yesterday to announce new legislation to ensure folks like him — who were pows durin…
on average  women are paid just 80 cents for every  1 paid to male counterparts  for women of color  the wagegap i…
full moon  low tide  there will be clams 
today in s h estory  on november 4  1924  nellie t  ross of wyoming was elected the nation s first woman governor 
rt  oversightdems  watch the new sunshine week video on the trump administration s unprecedented cloud of secrecy  trump russia trump putin…
we served  az09  residents at mobile office hours in mesa  couldn t attend  call us for help  602-956-2285 
happy birthday  corybooker from your home district   nj05  harrington park
compared w/ decade before the 1994 federal assault weapons ban  the number of gun massacres ⬇️ 37% and people dying…
let s go rockies 
calling all  wa01  high school students  the 2018 congressional art competition is in full swing  due date is april…
inspired by the crowd fighting for their priorities  just as we will to end the shutdown womens march
oorah   and it s about time 
  senatortester faithfully carried out his constitutional duty by giving adm  jackson a thorough and bipartisan vet…
girls can change the world  that s why boko haram doesn t want them to learn   bbog  4 yearstoo long  repadams…
polluting pruitt has consistently proven he cares more about a lifestyle of luxury & helping lobbyists than protect…
i m looking forward to joining  defendourfuture for a twitter chat on climatechange  environmentaljustice  the pa…
 about 75% of traceable guns recovered by authorities in new jersey are purchased in states with weaker gun laws —…
mike capuano - making the right decisions at the right time  he has the experience to get things done  masen mike4mass  vote mike  
although omnibus government funding bill is not perfect  it is an example of what can be accomplished when democra…
rt  barackobama  john mccain is an american hero & one of the bravest fighters i ve ever known  cancer doesn t know what it s up against  g…
at every board meeting  i heard him state his core belief that  when you fail at character  you fail at leadership …
rt  swetalk  as a mechanical engineer   congressmanraja addresses swe s congressional reception and highlights the importance of filling th…
 karlv693 hi karl  we shared it on my twitter & facebook accounts earlier this week 
statement from rep  defazio on martin luther king  jr  day 
enjoyed meeting with this great group of future leaders 
womens history month olympic gold medalist  babe didrikson zaharias was one of the most versatile athletes of all ti…
happening soon  at 2 pm will be asking tough questions of  epascottpruitt regarding excessive travel spending  mana…
less than an hour until this afternoon s hearing on how prescription drug price increases impact families …
4 years ago today  276 female students were kidnapped in the town of chibok in nigeria  more than 100 are still mis…
just about to be on the  bpshow to talk about all what s going on in congress this week  you can listen here 👇
icymi  the house passed my legislation to help with rebuilding and repairs after last year s fires and to allow fem…
in the 21st century  access to a free and open internet isn t a privilege  it s a right  i m fighting for…
rt  repraulgrijalva  here s a brief history of the navajo nation  native american heritage month
on international womens day   we celebrate all of the inspiring women who ve made our lives  our society  and our wo…
the implementation of the national strategy to combat maternal mortality will work toward cutting the rate of mater…
the  fcc took away a free and open internet  i am supporting legislation that will bring net neutrality back  save the internet
rt  raatweets  raa congratulates  senatorcollins  repesty  repmimiwalters  senduckworth that their work in introducing promoting women i…
today the house passed my bill  h r  1135  to reauthorize the  hbcu  historic preservation program  my statement 
go  wjcrew 
proud to endorse kevin b  morrison for cook county commissioner 
way to go   astrostarbright  you continue to make our community proud  jacksonville  gma   stem 
thanks to american river college for giving me the chance to hear from students and educators  listening to you is…
119 republicans signed a letter to pres  obama  if those same members don t sign a similar letter now  we can ask w…
today  we remember the victims of the pulse nightclub attack  and pledge to keep protecting our  lgbtq  community from hate and violence 
deadline march 9  don t miss your chance to submit your public comment about the administration s offshore oil dril…
great news  this award will help increase access and consumption of fresh and nutritious foods -- critical for any…
rt  cleanairmoms_fl    repdarrensoto – thank you for standing up for our health and telling  epascottpruitt that enough is enough  polluti…
ranking member schiff s statement summarizes the problems with the nunes memo - and makes the case for the release…
congratulations to all the champions celebrating today  especially the  gatorsbb team  these are some impressive po…
it would take you months to fill up your gas tank with a buck fifty a week
rt  housesbcdems  there is nothing  small  about the impact of small biz on the american economy  they have created 40% of all new jobs ove…
🆕 conyers on horrific las vegas shootings shooting  congress must hold hearings on gun violence 🆕
rt  tamronhall  thank you  repebj i m honored and extremely grateful to be mentioned  texas
rt  officialcbc  today at 11 30 am et  the cbc will introduce the jobsand justice act  omnibus legislation that would  if passed  increase…
 avivezra on the other side of the fence 
today   housegop will bring  hr469  to the floor  this bill is an assault on americans  health  safety  and privacy  new day  same agenda 
rt  robertharding    repkathleenrice   repjohnkatko want to require cybersecurity training for house members
armando  a constituent in  nv03   reached out to our office about the status of his application for naturalization …
by partnering at the federal  local and private levels  we can help continue to rebuild san bernardino s economy  i…
we need to end the practice in every state 
i joined more than 100  housedemocrats in sending a letter to  secazar demanding  hhsgov withdraw its refusal of ca…
my fellow problem solvers caucus members and i attended a roundtable discussion with  technetupdate this week to he…
wishing all my constituents a most uplifting and celebratory thanksgiving with warm memories all around  from my f…
rt  momsdemand  young people have become a force in the gun safety movement and volunteers like martha are supporting their efforts to move…
rt  majorityspeaks   repmaloney opens up enough is enough telling us about her bills aimed at combatting workplace sexual harassment and emp…
today i spoke with wives  children & families of those taken away by ice in massive tennessee immigration raid ear…
medicaid expansion is more important than ever  and every state legislator should back  governorva s push for it …
congrats to the  goldenknights on their impressive victory   nv03  is rooting for you 
my town halls in tillamook and lincoln counties originally scheduled for tomorrow  saturday 20th have been reschedu…
if you or someone you know is having trouble receiving your mail-in ballot because you lost your home in the fires …
after yesterday s fbi raid targeting his personal attorney   realdonaldtrump is clearly rattled  and he should be …
join me and nancy pelosi for a trumptax town hall on friday 
tomorrow s our community youth program expo  join me   tbbuccaneers william gholston  and a host of community leade…
rt  s_walshpa  i had a great time at the 7th annual black history celebration heritage dinner  pictured left to right   usrepmikedoyle  pre…
as the mother of a veteran  i can t fathom throwing away the military s resources on such a wasteful vanity project…
mr  president  i think you are going to have plenty to talk to mr  mueller about  firm tied to russian oligarch ma…
i strongly condemn the racist comments made by donald trump  the comments were classless  un-american  and beneath the dignity of his office
rt  trevor_radio  live from the walker church in minneapolis —  kfaifmradio s al mcfarlane talks with  keithellison   kfai 
  seanhannity  rushlimbaugh  robertjeffress  marklevinshow where is your outrage  you would be inflaming your audie…
columbus nova claims  500k paid to cohen for  consulting fee   not vekselberg  what kind of consultation does cohe…
collaboration and communication among teachers on what s working in the classroom and what could be improved is inc…
happy opening day  best of luck to the  mariners as they begin a new season 
great meeting today in jonesboro with  gachildcare operators from  ga13  
had a productive talk w/ students from the colorado community college student advisory council today about college…
my interview with  lawrence on  msnbc
are you concerned about reproductive rights  me too  sign up here to take a stand this saturday by canvassing   
rt  housedemocrats  fifty years after the loss of his mentor and friend  dr  martin luther king  jr    repjohnlewis reminds us that real pr…
recently met w/ the eastlake high school titanbot robotics team  they ll be competing at the san diego regional fir…
like many of you  i grew up learning about everything from math to grammar and civics with the help of…
why we can not wait  mlk wrote  letter from birmingham jail  55 years ago  let us recommit ourselves to the ideals…
i visited the eugene airport today to check out the brand-new tsa precheck lane and also got to visit the control t…
it is ludicrous  outrageous  saddening and dumbfounding that the gop wants to cut a program that feeds hungry kids…
rt  demsespanol  este mes  acompáñanos en mostrarle nuestro agradecimiento a los veteranos  miembros activos y familiares por su compromiso…
rt  joycejohnsonr   drdenagrayson  chezargarnett  alangrayson yes i would say you both did  plus you two look great together 
i m looking forward to being in long grove  illinois this saturday and answering your questions  hope to see you at…
il was targeted by the russian hacking operation during the  16 election  i joined group calling for local support…
we need to start giving women a seat at the table  to all the working moms out there who are running for public off…
  senmikelee has misled the public about the impact of his anti-lgbt bill on dc and its residents  dc  like many ot…
