proud that the fifth district will soon be home to the largest glass recycling facility in the world …
this brings back a lot of great memories       randall is still the most exciting player i ever watched …
the trump budget belongs in the trash  it betrays working people and our most vulnerable citizens by making drastic…
thank you   wearealpa  ensuring safe aviation for all should be our top priority 
rt  rachelpleven    reppaultonko just cited  publici reporting --&gt  nearly 25% of u s  coal-fired power plants in 2017 lacked pollution co…
today our sikh american neighbors celebrate one of the most significant days in sikh history  please join me in wis…
today i attended a pre-construction conference at the international boundary water commission  ibwc  field office   
intel committee chairman devin nunes and the rest of the cover-up caucus now want to impeach the deputy ag and the…
we re working with  honeywell   orbitalatk   pacsciemc  and 34 other arizona-based  ulalaunch suppliers to support…
combating climate change has long been one of my top priorities  even w/ trump pulling the u s  out of paris clima…
rt  cecilerichards   repeliotengel  ppfa  ppact  pphp  pphpactivist thank you for your words and support  proud to fight alongside you 
happy to celebrate with the 2016 mls champions  soundersfc and fellow fans today  sounders march
check out these great photos from the new hometown heroes exhibit at the crockett museum where they are honoring lo…
our national monuments are our natural treasures  to  potus  nothing is sacred 
rt  waysmeanscmte  nearly six months since its signing  the republican tax law has spurred layoffs  higher health care costs  ballooning de…
students  send us your artwork to participate in the congressional art competition  art must be submitted by april…
today i gave my last speech on the house floor  serving congress has been an honor  thanks all who made it possible 
republican infrastructure plan another raw deal for the american people
this morning s 67th annual national day of prayer event at jacksonville city hall was very inspiring  thank you  r…
in this week s e-newsletter  i recap the latest from dc  including getting answers from mark zuckerberg  calling fo…
this week  i met with  aipac national council members deborah rudy and richard rudy to discuss issues concerning is…
there shouldn t have to be any decision  breaking from our g7 allies & the entire world on climate change is in no…
look at this stunning black & white landscape by tina from eldorado h s of an iconic  abq  sight  photography…
rt  bluecollardems  republicans claim their g o p tax scam benefits workers  but the results are in  the extra cash is lining the pockets of s…
rt  reptedlieu  it s made abundantly clear to us this past week that the white house security clearance process is deeply flawed  that s wh…
congratulations to western springs native and lyons township high school graduate jake elliott on winning the…
happy st  patrick s day 
some of my staff following a hearing in jax  from the boardroom to the to the classroom  women have brought us to…
rt  ehvalinnn   abrazos a todos  we are here to help others   -  repdarrensoto
as we work to address campus sexual assault  it s critical that universities are equipped to support all students  o…
we need a healthcare system that puts people first  ahead of the profits of insurance and pharmaceutical companies
this bill will take the first key steps to keep our nation on the forefront of sustainable  poverty-reduction focus…
rt  insulatorsunion  what a great meeting with local 5 members and  replindasanchez while in d c  for the  bldgtrdsunions legislative confe…
gave remarks this afternoon in celebration of the completion of jefferson science associates  12 gev project  pictu…
st  helens town hall meeting monday march 26  6 00pm-7 00pm st  helens high school  loo wit room 2375 gable road  s…
just like stock trades or financial assets  members of congress must report bitcoins & cryptocurrencies on their…
over and over  house republicans have ignored law-abiding young people brought to america through no fault of their…
on this day and every day  we stand with dreamers  protect dreamers here to stay
very pleased to hear of the release of three americans from north korea  the north korean regime has long used host…
health insurance shouldn t end at the neck  and neither should the va s standard medical benefits package  that s w…
here s how the trump shutdown affects you  mississippi   ms02 
no matter how painful  these are memories which our nation must confront  tomorrow  i ll be in attendance for the o…
rt  hispaniccaucus  as of today  11 790  daca  recipients have lost their status after trump ended the program on sept 5th  dreamers can t…
meeting texas soldiers in poland
joined  repcicilline & 160  mocs on ltr to  realdonaldtrump calling on him to rescind appointment of steve bannon …
happy veterans day  we re forever indebted to our vets and their families for all they ve sacrificed to defend amer…
on the 24th annual blue mass  we honor and remember the law enforcement and public safety officers who lost their l…
dr  king s vision of social justice stretched well beyond his civil rights accomplishments to his struggles to end…
rt  waysmeanscmte  new---&gt   reprichardneal to  repkevinbrady  delay the tax reform markup   it s better to do this right than to do it fas…
attending the 8th annual  hylton_pac gala  a state-of-the art venue in pwc  thanks to all who sustain diverse and a…
dr  king challenged all of us to listen to our conscience as americans & as human beings  50 years after his assass…
instead of a card for this mother s day  it d be better if congress made sure more working parents had access to pa…
thank you to the students and teachers from eagle school in fitchburg  wisconsin for visiting the hill today  we ha…
celebrating womens history month
joined  senatormenendez in edison to call on congress to pass legislation lowering the cost of prescription drugs …
our communities and families across  ca44  depend on the successes of small businesses  if you ve ever thought about…
addressing  fairfaxfed citizen of the year awards banquet  as a former two-time president of this organization  i a…
if infrastructure gap is not addressed by 2025  economy estimated to lose almost  4 trillion in gdp  costing economy 2 5 million jobs  /3
don t forget to vote for your favorite piece in rep  tulsi gabbard s kaha kiʻi congressional art competition now th…
rt  housedemocrats   otd  in 1961  president john f  kennedy issued executive order 10924  establishing the  peacecorps  today  more than 23…
day two of the trump shutdown  for months  democrats were clear on what would need to be included in any spending b…
  epa s announcement today that our region is out of compliance with ozone standards set in 2015 is only a first st…
rt  repwilson  on this international womens day i salute these brave and courageous young women who escaped or were released by boko haram a…
we need to affirm our commitment to elevating the voices & needs of historically disenfranchised communities in the…
tomorrow is an especially meaningful day for my family  i truly have so much to be grateful for and i m excited to…
rt  sawyerhackett    repdavideprice   with no strategy in iran  and no vision in the middle east  the president has taken a wrecking ball t…
yet again  our federal government is on the brink of a shutdown  this is unacceptable  that s why i introduced my…
should north korea denuclearize and american prisoners return home  as we all hope to be the case  it would be desp…
rt  nglcc  join nglcc and our three amazing honorees at this year s nbic best-of-the-best award gala   mandyharvey  repjoekennedy  adaripp…
i was honored to join other community leaders for the  tallahassee s black history firsts in government  reception…
securing reliable water sources for our san joaquin valley is one of my top priorities  my discussion w/  usda…
i m proud that after months of work  orlando international airport has officially decided to improve rather than re…
i  too  am concerned about sinclair s attack on local news  but actually i think the doj and fcc have enough info a…
i join fellow members of the house public education caucus in celebrating teachers and educators around the world …
wow  what a finish 
from the not-so-notorious ehe to the notorious rbg  happy 85th  you ve inspired so many women  myself included  to…
access to affordable child care gives kids a better chance at success and helps working parents find  hold  and adv…
the mitchell scholarship program application for a year of postgraduate study in ireland is now open  application d…
today  every member of congress will have the opportunity to go on the record in rejection of massive giveaways to…
it s estimated that we ll need an additional 3 million slots for workforce training programs under this proposal  w…
rt  vtstateparks  signs of spring  fiddlehead emerging over the weekend at half moon pond  photo by ranger brian 
last month i urged senate leadership to reject this nomination to our courts  protect our courts stop duncan
ramadan mubarak to my fellow muslim brothers and sisters during this holy month 
congratulations to charles rigby for earning the housing commissioner of the year award for his hard work and achie…
thanks to my friends at san diego planned parenthood for all they do  they came by today to advocate for title x w…
walking away from the iran deal is a move that weakens our standing in the international arena and creates a danger…
i had a great time and learned a thing or two at today s  cheri on shift  at plastic parts international in machesn…
rt  npwf  the cost of not having a national paidleave policy is damaging to workers  families and businesses  paidleavemeans growing the…
disappointed i can t be w/ my fellow hoosiers  wmwindiana due to the trumpshutdown  many of the proposals the trum…
abuse is an inexcusable act   agschneiderman s swift resignation was necessary and appropriate for the important w…
for more information on kilauea eruption and how to help the people of puna and hawaii island  please visit…
rt  owhnews  from  owhopinion  omaha national cemetery is a place for those who served us all
i wonder what his student loans were like 
thank you cecile for your devotion to women s health care and well-being  your work has been instrumental to countle…
thank you vice president  joebiden for speaking with  bluecollardems on ensuring the american worker is competitiv…
i wonder it there will be mention of how exactly we pay for it 
rt  usprogressives  this mothers day  we must fight to end inhumane family separation now  no child should face the unspeakable horror of b…
shopping for the holidays  take a quick break & head over to it s the final day to…
happening soon  at 1 30pm   usda secretary sonny perdue will appear before the house appropriations subcommittee on…
bipartisanship is often applauded  but seldom rewarded   that s one reason we haven t passed significant…
omb director mulvaney campaigned as a fiscal conservative  however  as omb director  he has defended the…
exciting morning in  westfield_ma welcoming home olympic gold medalist from team u s a women s hockey  kbells22  she…
on average  women in georgia who work full-time  year-round still earn just 82 cents for every  1 paid to male coun…
today  i had a productive meeting with  txstateunivsyst chancellor and presidents to discuss exciting work being do…
i said to press it is time for  speakerryan to honor his commitment to protect d r e a mers & bring daca legislation to…
the community celebrated the groundbreaking for the new san ysidro branch library  which will provide additional ed…
apparently the first time wasn t bad enough  we just heard the just-passed g o p tax scam violates senate rules  it ha…
i first met paul ryan in the house gym  where we used to work out together in my first term  although he and i rare…
the inclusion of the citizenship question in the census is an attack on california and our vibrant communities 
 dcmj2014 b b 
if you have daca  you can renew it  uscis must accept renewals  apply now  here s a helpful faq →…
rt  greenhousenyt  this &gt &gt  trump nominates to federal judgeship a former texas deputy attorney general who dropped that state s investigat…
it is not enough for us to only thank a teacher on teacher appreciation week  we re all a product of our education  a…
there is no reason to discriminate against transgender people   there is no reason to set them up for ostracism in schools we are with you
among many important provisions in the fy2019  ndaa   this bill will authorize the navy to pursue two additional sub…
 housegop  it s time for you to do your job and keep the government open & working for the american people 
rt  alzadvocatefl  always wonderful for the opportunity to thank you  repvaldemings for your support as an alzheimer s congressional champi…
republicans control the house  senate  & white house   housegop  senategop have refused to work with democrats  an…
our law enforcement officers put their lives on the line every day to keep us safe  33 officers have died in the li…
rt  choguetx  thank you  repgenegreen for meeting w/  naleo  anahdztx  repwalle to ensure texas has the adequate funding for our families…
good luck to the girls basketball teams from  ia02  as they compete in the state tourney   westgbb   reginagirlsbb …
¡privilegiada de trabajar con mis colegas  repjoseserrano &  repgutierrez en este homenaje al gran roberto clemente…
rt  mikebloomberg  great to see  govmurphy and new jersey take a big step toward renewable energy - washington cannot stop us from meeting…
rt  wgnotv  pioneering pharmacist horace bynum sr  was also a developer
congratulations to the 74 newest citizens of this great country  naturalizationceremony hoosiers america
rt  leagueofcities   i believe every member of congress should have two kinds of experience  managing a payroll  and serving in local gover…
rt  alzadvocatefl  thank you   repvaldemings for featuring my ambassador and me in your monthly newsletter  i m bringing 4 of your constitu…
rt  nikiinthehouse  attending the unveiling of a pow/mia chair of honor in the capitol  the commemorative chair  which will honor american…
i wrote in  thehill about how trump s cruel anti-immigrant agenda will not make our country safer or our economy st…
  housegop has tried repeatedly to limit the c f p b s ability to protect consumers & now they re getting their wish …
thank you to everyone that came to my listening session in sparta this past weekend  i always appreciate hearing ab…
as americans  concerns about data/internet privacy grows  gopers enabled isps to sell americans  personal and intim…
the president s infrastructure scam would make california foot the bill for fixing our nation s crumbling infrastru…
jxr constructors is using an sba loan to purchase a new warehouse for their construction equipment  the veteran own…
rt  rubendiazjr  andrew sandler was someone who cared deeply about the bronx and the communities he served  and was taken from us far too…
i posted a new photo to facebook
it s our solemn duty to ensure that our veterans are getting high-quality services & benefits when they return home…
wisconsinites  today is the first day of the open enrollment period  visit and get covered 
tune in now to  cnn as i join my colleague  hurdonthehill to discuss our bipartisan legislation to…
if you like big  expensive and slow bureaucracies  you re going to love the g o p farm bill  which the non-partisan…
one month after parkland  i m standing in solidarity with students in colorado and across america protesting…
my thoughts and prayers are with congressman de la garza s family during this difficult time  he will be greatly missed 
rt  nickaesp  it was a fun event with lively conversation  thanks again  susan  and thanks to  congressmanraja for listening and engaging o…
rt  ssworks  fdr is  the real  make america great again  president because of it weren t for him  older americans wouldn t even get social…
please share with me what earth day means to you  earth day in the9th
so inspired by the young people who took to the streets demanding action on gun violence  they re showing the leade…
pompeo has downplayed evidence the cia – which he directed – and others provided as part of the comprehensive revie…
may 5 is an important election day in many local communities  in san marcos  one of those strengthening public ed b…
for ec family court judge lisa bloch rodwin  the quest for justice isn t simply what she does  it s who she is  pl…
this is a huge step backwards that ignores scientific consensus  climate change requires action now - not years from now   2/3 
good morning  starting this day  punahouschool speaking with the 8th grade class 
go nancy go
i m standing with  davidhogg111 & those marching on the central coast demanding action on gun violence  congress mu…
rt  repcohen   mrdannyglover came to memphis to continue his lifelong civil rights advocacy  we met up at the withers gallery on beale str…
flashback - fattah team leadership on neuroscience / fattah awarded for neuroscience   scientific research
i am live on  am1690 now talking about my 15th annual jobs fair  be sure to tune in  listen here 
it is the fourth short-term funding bill  which is a harmful and irresponsible way to govern  2/4
as we honor our past & hope for a brighter future i wish my jewish friends a blessed l shanah tovah & happy new year  rosh hashanah
daca enabled nearly 800 000 talented young people like laura from nm to contribute more fully to this country …
on dec  4  1945  the united states senate approved u s  participation in the united nations   un
tonight  join my cybersecurity town hall w/  fbi & secretservice experts  learn to be cyber aware   cybersecmonth
rt  reptimwalz  2 million people will have their access to food threatened if the  housegop passes their hyper-partisan farm bill  that s…
rt  nafisschools  thanks to  repmarktakai and  siia s  siiabrendan &  maschneids for a fantastic briefing yesterday on impact aid 
last night  i spoke to constituents about the g o p tax scam  i oppose this bill because it s clear it will hurt hardw…
rt  c_m_dangelo  watch congress read stanford rape victim s statement   her words deserve to be amplified  
rt  salnews    facesofdaca features portraits and stories of more than 20 local daca recipients 
the clock is running out on open enrollment  have you made a plan to get covered for 2018  log on to…
iran must know that its destructive behavior throughout the middle east will not be tolerated  and we must now work…
icymi  i led the  housebluedogs special task force on rural america s first hearing on the issues impacting rural v…
rt  wearesfa 
the trump budget is one of the most ill-conceived i ve seen and his proposed cuts would devastate countless domesti…
best wishes to the newly installed officers of the  purpleheartpr chapter 730  thank you for your continued service 
today marks one year since the  housegop rammed through their shameful trumpcare legislation  trumpcare would hav…
rt  angela_rye  thank you  patriots 
walking away from the iran deal at this point would leave iran in a stronger position to develop a nuclear weapon…
billionaires first eliminates the electric vehicle tax credit
don t forget your hat  🌞🌞go dodgers opening day
during national school walkout our students are leading the way- telling the nation that they are not going to toler…
attention all  ga02  high school students  my office is still accepting entries for this year s…
today   congculberson and i introduced the the tools on our local streets  tools  act  the spirit of houston strong…
 sullied18 what 
born in 1920 near saledo  texas  liz carpenter began a career in journalism when few options were available to wome…
rt  nscsafety  thank you for introducing this bill and putting a focus on distracted driving  an estimated 40 000 americans died in vehicle…
we need to know if foreign or domestic terrorist organizations  hate groups  criminal networks or other extremist n…
today marks the first day of islam s holiest month  ramadan mubarak to all who celebrate  i wish you well as you be…
alan grayson doesn t sell out to the special interest group with the most to spend  this makes things a bit harder…
native women face higher rates of domestic abuse than non-native women  but thanks to reforms under the violence ag…
in firing comey   realdonaldtrump sent a message loud & clear—he believes our justice system can be used to serve h…
rt  lgbteqcaucus  please pause for a moment of silence in solidarity with  lgbtq  students protesting the bullying  harassment  and discrimi…
february 14  2018 – marjory stoneman douglas high school  parkland  florida photo   usatoday via google maps 19/19
we can still save net neutrality - my colleagues in the senate are voting wednesday to reinstate fcc rules to prote…
  housedemocrats will not be idle on gun violence  which is why we are sittingin for no fly no buy no more silence
tomorrow  i will be hosting a free tax preparation event in calexico  if you would like to attend  please call my o…
proud to join  hispaniccaucus and  vetaffairsdems in demanding the trump administration stop deporting veterans and…
rt  cnn  these are the 13 house republicans who voted  no  on tax reform
thankful for the service of the men and women who have paid the ultimate sacrifice in defense of our country
rt  networklobby    repmceachin   there are more than 2 000 verses in the bible on poverty    more than any other topic  500 of those are s…
i chose to enter politics to help ensure everyone has access to basic needs & an opportunity to provide for their f…
proud to join 180  of my colleagues in demanding  potus end his efforts to take away birthcontrol coverage from wo…
so where are all the patriotic republicans  do they stand with this lying president or do they have the love of cou…
rt  repswalwell  i joined  congressmanraja for a future forum to listen to  elgincommcoll students  here s what s most important to them  …
rt  akronlibrary  several of our branch libraries offer sensory story times for children of all ages with differing abilities  their siblin…
nearly half the students who use  dctag  have family incomes below  30 000  but dctag has preserved and helped grow…
trump dice que los latinos son violadores y asesinos  sin embargo  estos son los mismos inmigrantes que trabajan du…
thank you to officials from  minnstateedu who stopped by this week to discuss issues facing students - especially t…
according to  iteptweets  over 360 000 md households will get a tax increase under the new tax law in 2019 
with new hiv infections down 35% since 2000 & aids-related deaths down 48% since 2005  we are even closer to…
if you want to know which republicans actually believe in a balanced budget  i think you d be better off looking at…
shame on speaker ryan  he should rescind this firing
  realdonaldtrump s casual suggestions to jail journalists or strip them of their credentials is a despotic reflex…

rt if you agree  foreign money/influence has no place in our elections 
i am deeply saddened to learn of the murder of two gilchrist county deputies  my thoughts are with sheriff schultz…
rt  housedemwomen  this may  national foster care month celebrates families who offer children and youth in foster care permanent homes and…
as dusk approaches  wishing all who observe a happy passover 
house back in session this evening  it s time to crush the gun lobby  merchants of death  and protect our children…
republicans refuse to let congress vote on a clean d r e a m act  the people demand d r e a m act now  republicans refuse to…
rt  civildefensehi  intrusion/seismic activity appears to be moving in a north-east direction 
welcome to the newest member of the house of representatives  rep  conor lamb  i look forward to working with you 
rt  repsandylevin  suppressed wages in mexico  driven by a lack of independent unions and an inability for workers to collectively bargain …
from  centeronbudget &  fractweets   cnr2016=7 022  schools w/community eligibility restarting apps & checking eligibility in line w/in 2 yrs
it s official   taxpolicycenter shows that the g o p tax scam will hit nj the hardest of all 50 states  in fact  over…
rt  iowapork  several iowa pork producers visited washington d c  this week to meet with legislators and congressional staff  they emphasiz…
rt  amazon_policy  amazon thanks  repbillshuster  reppeterdefazio  replobiondo  repricklarsen  repdinatitus  repscottperry and the whole  t…
let s build an america that values and respects public service 
if by  tough   you mean praising putin  denying russian involvement in our election  and refusing to impose the san…
rt  cspan    repalgreen   tomorrow we will bring articles of impeachment to the floor of the congress of the united states of america for a…
nutrition assistance keeps nearly 40m americans from going hungry  yet  housegop s farm bill imposes new  largely u…
it s time to be responsible and come together on a bipartisan deal to fund the government 
congress responds to 60 minutes  allegiant air investigation
  mindyourbuzz must elect strong leaders who will protect choice  my opponent would vote with extreme right wing to oppose  ask julia  ca26 
who inspires you  there are so many tampa bay heroes working to lift families who need higher paychecks  better hou…
secretary   betsydevosed & congressional republicans want to rescind 2014 school discipline guidance  this turns a…
55% of voters say that in the past several weeks they haven t seen a boost to their paycheck as a result of the…
this may  we celebrate military appreciation month by honoring and remembering those who are currently serving  our…
happy national nano day  i was a proud coauthor of 21st century nanotechnology research & development act w/  3 7 billion-plus for r&d  ca17 
few people captured what makes our region so special better than ruth kirk  she was literally a trail blazer  she h…
so many important stories go untold when we don t have local reporters around to ask the right questions   roncjudd…
  realdonaldtrump s decision to end temporary protected status for 57 000 hondurans will tear apart families & comm…
before  potus hangs up the  mission accomplished  banner  he needs to realize north korea has long a history of vac…
it is abundantly clear that rep  conyers repeatedly acted inappropriately  he should resign  zero tolerance means z…
today on kauai  tulsi joined veterans and first responders with  teamrubicon in their ongoing recovery efforts in…
when you re the president and your party controls both houses  only the most minimal level of competence is needed…
icymi  earlier this week  minnesota joined 17 other states in suing the trump administration for their proposed rec…
encouraged to hear senators tillis coon booker pushing special prosecutor integrity act i…
a6  immigration enforcement falls primarily on  dhsgov under the direction of the president  however  it s our resp…
😂😂😂
congratulations  uaw4121 on organizing post docs  big win 
it was great to be back at my alma mater  ricnews - especially for the alumni awards  congrats to all the honorees 
i am honored to have received the 2016 lifetime literacy champion honoree award from the south texas literacy   
don t get me wrong - a low unemployment rate & a lower u6 rate is great  but when do americans get a raise  a thriv…
great article on my homeowners access to visitability enhancements act   have  act  age in place
rt  locklaw  lgn was happy to welcome  collinpeterson to the firm for an event on wednesday 
good news  my legislation to combat the widespread telephone scam known as spoofing has been signed into law   1/3 
rt  extrafooddotorg  new podcast from our  rephuffman on farm bill features impt discussion about foodwaste w/ chelliepingree &  repmcgove…
a student panelist said   a text book fell down and one of her classmates immediately dropped to the floor  put her…
and one common sense thing we should do right now to start making our communities safer is to allow public health a…
rt  d_townstockton  stockton bus transit becomes the 1st in the nation to provide 100% zero emission electric rapid transit   sanjoaquinrtd…
thank you to  mcdonalds employees and leaders for showing me the ropes and taking the time to discuss creating jobs…
always great to welcome the  usnavy junior sub officers of the year in washington  jooy is a squadron wide competit…

rt  repalgreen  the g o p tax scam is the grinch stealing christmas  increasing taxes for millions of families  the gop will use this as a rea…
rt  jasonloumiller   sometimes you have to do what you have to do  but you must lift people up  i can t even articulate what the us policy…
right now  less than 20 percent of members of congress are women  that s not representative of who we are as a nati…
rt  davidcicilline  new  my letter with  repdonbeyer and 54 of our colleagues calling for  scottpruittok s resignation 
union solidarity  iaff73
so excited for game 4 tonight against the  lakings   🏒 let s go  goldenknights  vegas born stanley cup…
it s a great day to be a nova nation wildcat  congrats to delawarean donte divincenzo on an incredible performance…
awful healthcare news for virginia  last year we stopped trump/gop attempts to repeal the aca and strip health ins…
the right-wing is smearing parkland school shooting survivors  a political attack on children   who does that  how…
i couldn t agree more  great to see you 
we must do everything we can to protect our health & environment  i m glad to have earned a score of 97% on the 201…
great to meet w/ west point first captain simone askew today to talk about how to increase diversity in military ac…
in baltimore taking a stand w/ my young constituents against gun violence march for our lives end gun violence
our lgbtq digital roundtable is live  watch and ask questions here →
in an america that values fairness  this fails  republican tax bill
rt  repalgreen  tonight  i released the articles of impeachment  tomorrow  the house will vote on the impeachment of donald j  trump   stay…
the g o p tax scam is working perfectly for the wealthiest americans  we could have used this     to revitalize our co…
my statement on the latest federal court ruling against  realdonaldtrump s decision to end  daca   protect dreamers
rep  cedric richmond  d-la  speaks with andrew cuomo re  president trump s immigration comments  via  youtube
i pressed secretary of defense mattis during yesterday s  hascdemocrats hearing about the potential for military in…
with deficit projections reaching record highs  i know some of my  gop colleagues are eager to use fiscal responsib…
my fort lauderdale office is still without power  please contact my office in washington  d c  for assistance at  202  225-1313 
 pcoschallenge  pcosgurl proud sponsor of h res495 to recognize the seriousness of  pcos  with further research and…
my full statement on president trump s  sotu  address 
amazing news  deported  usmc veteran marco chavez can finally come home 
we remain committed to helping our vietnam veterans and their families who sacrificed so much in time of war  thank…
great celebrating  wellspacehealth 65th anniversary today  community health centers like wellspace health provide a…
 l1c4 
today we commemorate an extraordinary man and the mission he left for the world  the legacy of dr  martin luther ki…
the american people deserve a full accounting of russian interference in our election  the house republicans  decis…
today  i was honored to join long beach educator nader twal  and other recipients of the prestigious milken educato…
congratulations to douglasville s own elana meyers taylor on winning the silver medal today in the winter olympics…
each year  i ask appropriators to robustly fund our community health centers because i know how critical they are t…
for those celebrating  wishing you and your family a happy passover 
proud to speak this week at the 14th biannual nuclear triad and advanced conventional strike symposium at…
awesome doodle 4  google from will gordon of  portlandpublic schools 
🚨⚠️ d r e a mers — you can still apply to renew your  daca   if you meet the requirements  please apply👇…
very proud to announce with  chrisvanhollen &  senatorcardin that baltimore county will receive  20 million in fede…
ebola has re-emerged in central africa  threatening countless lives—yet  housegop has cruelly cut funding to progra…
rt  cirseiu  thank you  cbrangel for being a champion on behalf of our patients and our communities for decades 
team dutch s danielle just attended the eagle scout  boyscouts ceremony of m d02 s joshua engelman   dulaneyhigh se…
frankly  there are a number of provisions in the g o p tax plan that are outright cruel  making it harder for survivor…
rt  hispaniccaucus  trump & republicans helping hispanics  ❌ terminated  daca  ❌ abandoned hispanic outreach for  aca  ❌ passed tax scam ❌ e…
every american deserves to have their voice heard  it s about time we remove dark money out of politics  rt if you…
senate trumpcare lets insurers discriminate against women simply because they re women 
my telephone town hall has been rescheduled for this thursday  nov  30th   7pm  have your questions ready and join…
met yesterday with major general calloway  army director of military personnel management  to discuss his work in r…
proud to join doctors and consumers from around the country  together with  uspirg  in urging  mcdonalds to cut rou…
there are about 6 000 kids with parents serving in the military or in the  delawareng stationed in delaware  duri…
as  speakerryan approaches his retirement  he is hoping to check off another one of his bucket list items  gutting…
my statement on tonight s airstrikes in syria 
my full statement on the release of three american citizens detained in north korea 
i am proud to stand with rocio sáenz  evp of  seiu  as  sensanders & i introduced the workplace democracy act  this…
are you a young entrepreneur   sbagov s mentor-protégé programs can help connect you with experienced contractors t…
rt  repscottpeters   nolabelsorg  larry_levitt  kaiserfamfound  voxdotcom  postopinions editorial board praised the plan  3/
the wage gap holds back women  their families  businesses  and the economy  proud to be a cosponsor of the paycheck…
proud to co-sponsor the student non-discrimination act to put an end to discrimination in schools based on sexual o…
rt  sbnation  not a bad year to be from philly 
rt  hungersolutions  thank you  collinpeterson  reptimwalz and  usrepricknolan for your strong defense of  snap  in today s farm bill markup 
getting ready to talk  barackobama s  sotu  and  gop  - the party of no clue - w  edshow  waysmeanscmte  housedemocrats
a mind to work   great science and tech leadership  
on i w d2018& throughout womens history month  we celebrate the amazing achievements women have made worldwide  honor…
rt  vcapethealth  due to the l afire and skirball fire  vcapethealth is currently offering free board at four locations  be sure to give th…
tonight my amendment to provide  dhsgov  10million for drug dogs passed   k9  teams stop drug smugglers & protect  usa  from narcoterrorists 
agriculture is a critical part of oregon s economy  and wine is one of our best-known and most popular products  th…
rt  hispaniccaucus  military families give everything for this country  we shouldn t tear them apart 
the next phase of this worthy battle is just beginning 
retired admirals and generals are saying it loud and clear  president trump s transphobic ban is  a troubling move…
 govmurphy congratulations governor  thank you for keeping your promises
today is the last day of open enrollment for health insurance through covered california  sign up today to…
yet another backward and discriminatory step by the admin as  usedgov abdicates its duty to uphold civil rights for…
in the korean and vietnam wars   aapi  veterans were discriminated against  and they were often under-awarded or not awarded for their valor
i am deeply concerned about carelessly getting involved in another war or repeatedly turning to military action as…
  alessialriccio thanks for making the trip to dc for cancer lobby day  keep up the good work & good luck  relaybu 
talking to  kqed about  potus s unsupervised tweets  the turmoil in his white house and the rest of the never endin…
last night  i hosted a ceremony at  qvcc to honor vietnam war veterans for their service  honorees were presented w…
i am so proud of our community and the stoneman douglas students and parkland families  tonight at the cnn town hal…
rt  ipatrickstevens   repbradashford - thank you for serving 
  realdonaldtrump s threats to interfere with the trump russia investigation must be taken seriously  i m proud to…
again  i called on house agriculture committee gop to halt attacks on  snap  provisions & so-called  work requiremen…
more than 4 in 10 americans live in counties with unhealthy levels of ozone or particle pollution  we must fully…
listening to you is my most important job  please take my survey to share your priorities with me as we kick off 20…
rt  peterwelch  clear message to  speakerryan  let s roll up our sleeves and get to work to stabilize and improve individual market
i commend  facebook s commitment to a civil rights and privacy audit in response to long standing requests from…
sosa and her parents will travel to washington in june to attend the national ceremony that recognizes the first pl…
today  sec  mattis told our committee the administration hasn t decided to launch missile strikes in syria  yesterd…
his visit is an opportunity to reflect on the importance of america s leading role as a member of the international…
state of delaware offices in kent county are closing on wednesday  march 21  2018 from noon until 11 59 p m  non-es…
the 3 6 million u s  citizens in puertorico &  usvi  deserve our focused attention  rt to show your support for our our fellow americans 
rt  thesunchronicle  kennedy gets friendly grilling at mansfield high  repjoekennedy  tscpolitics mapoli  scmansf…
from san bernardino to washington  i stand with all the students taking action today to end gun violence and tell co…
with the trump shutdown underway  i want to ensure my constituents know my offices remain open and staffed to provi…
it was great to attend an event this am at the mi defense center bfast celebrating how mi is a true leader in defense industry innovation 
rt  politicopro    call_me_dutch presents agenda for oversight of  dhsgov  cyber mission  the latest on that from  ericgeller on pro cyber…
rt  cal_humanities  thank you so much for meeting with us right after your committee vote  repsusandavis  with  cherylalethia hum hill18 h…
  sierraclub works hard every day to protect our environment and keep our families safe and healthy  glad i could j…
 2/2  cutting health care for some at the expense of others is a false choice and undermines kids  coverage   chip 
we spoke with the  johnmuirlt in our dc office about our effort to honor muir s legacy by expanding the john muir h…
great to join  comedycentral  thedailyshow with  trevornoah last night  you can catch the full interview here 
spoke with  carepointhealth about their work protecting accessible health care in  nj08  
i m saddened to learn of the passing of congresswoman louise slaughter  it was an honor to serve in congress alongs…
many members of congress  including myself  agree w/ senbobcorker that president trump poses a dangerous threat to…
it was a pleasure meeting with the assistant sec  for border  immigration and trade policy at  dhsgov  michael doug…
thank you students around the united states and the world for showing us the way to saving lives  end gun violence…
sending prayers to my republican colleagues and the victims of the amtrak train collision today  i ask you do the s…
check out a clip of my  cnnnewsroom interview yesterday w/  brookebcnn &  mariasantanacnn  full interview here …
great panel today at the c a p ideas conference  i talked national security with  repstephmurphy   denismcdonough  an…
today marks two years since our community was devastated by a cruel and cowardly act of terror  my full statement h…
according to the national women s law center 2017 let her learn survey  it found that 38% of lgbt teen girls report…
repairing the offutt afb runway was a priority of mine when i went to washington  with bipartisan support we secure…
  dianehessan is right  hardworking families across the heartland are sick and tired of turning on the tv and seein…
reducing the structural inequality in our economy should be at the center of our political discourse  i appreciated…
  speakerryan  see my bipartisan  daca  letter with problem solvers  we seek your commitment to follow the senate s…
rt  jeffsolheim   nancynmacrae and  jeffsolheim advocating for legislation to help reduce workplace violence against nurses with sponsor…
most  dctag  students receive the maximum award annually  we will win our fight to keep  dctag  funding 
to the students across our district and our country who are walking out  we stand with you  we are so proud that yo…
rt  lacountylibrary  big news   us_imls named la county library a finalist in the running for the 2018 i m l smedals  congratulations to all…
i m prepared to ask mark zuckerberg tough but important questions about americans  data security when he comes befo…
in light of president trump comparing not clapping for him to treason  here s a good reminder about free speech fro…
i am adamantly opposed to including a citizenship question that has undergone no testing and could derail a success…
for almost two decades  we ve witnessed tragedies across the country  but after each one  congress has done nothing…
day 21 of womens history month - regrettably  it s looking like  speakerryan is going to refuse to allow a vote on o…
the federal grants process may seem difficult to navigate  but it can bring millions of dollars to outstanding loca…
spoke to the garden club of america  in addition to promoting a love of gardening  they re committed to protecting…
congress passed the largest funding increase for vets  health care 10 years ago today  we have much more to do  if…
honored to be recognized for work/life office policies  as i fight for worker-friendly policies for all americans …
government must serve the interests of all the people  not just the billionaires and special interests who fund cam…
always a good meeting with the edina city council  terrific conversation on the importance of regional governance …
this video by texas congressional candidate jason westin  drwestinfortx07 is ambitious & inspiring  this explains e…
beating the opioid crisis in rhode island will not be easy  but these resources are an important next step  proud t…
in meriden discussing what else we can do to make sure our seniors have access to the resources and information th…
rt  azi  cuomo & rangel 
rt  squarepegdem   repjoseserrano calls out the trump administration for withholding approved aid to puerto rico 
congrats to anna capobianco of hall hs for receiving the milken educators award  great meeting her & desi nesmith …
saddened to hear of this tragic news  my heart goes out to the families and fellow guard members of the fallen 
rt  housedemocrats  democratic caucus vice chair  replindasanchez  ca-38  participated in the los angeles county business federal s leaders…
rt  cbcpac  congratulations to  allawsonjr  kamalaharris  val_demings  donald_mceachin  lisabrochester  brownformd   on their wins on t…
this is inaccurate in many regards  that discussion had nothing to with conyers 
now let s all say it together  why does jared kushner still have a security clearance 
this preliminary agreement holds the promise of significant new investment at the port that will expand job opportunities for years to come 
we believe this agreement will protect and expand access to good-paying  blue-collar jobs at the port  and will res…
thank you to sunnyvale presbyterian church for hosting an important discussion on gun violence with community leade…
we ve already gotten several submissions for the congressional art competition- there s still time for students to…
join us as we investigate how surging prescription drug prices impact working families 
congratulations on winning state lyle-pacelli girls basketball 
today i joined  reprichmond and members of the cbc in presenting the jobs and justice act which proposes solutions…
happy 85th birthday   scotus  justice ruth bader ginsburg  you are a true trailblazer and an inspiration to women ar…
american leadership is needed to stop iran s ballistic missile program  human rights violations  support for terro…
i m glad i was able to hear from so many  fl07  residents today during my  coffee with your congresswoman  events in…
we ve partnered w/ uscis to host an immigration information session where  fl07  residents can learn about the immig…
so sad to learn of the passing of my friend and colleague  maurice hinchey  we were elected in 1974 to the ny assem…
rt  repstephmurphy  great joining  weareunidosus and  repdarrensoto for a roundtable in orlando on federal issues affecting central florid…
team castro joined the interfaith welcome coalition meeting yesterday  the interfaith welcome coalition is where im…
 fbf   congressional problem solvers caucus had a great meeting with mayor mike bloomberg  discussed bipartisan appr…
sgt  henry johnson was a true american hero  his legendary bravery and selflessness cannot be overstated  i am prou…
today  the supreme court heard arguments in a landmark voting rights case challenging whether ohio s voter registra…
rt  johnbrennan  today  donald trump simultaneously lied about the iranian nuclear deal  undermined global confidence in us commitments  al…
 releasethedogs  sdsu  ca_dmv hi there  since this problem involves the dmv  we re not able to help because they ar…
rt  denmarkinusa  a huge congratulations to danish-american high schooler and artist camilla jensen  whose beautiful artwork  wpw syndrome …
congratulations to the young people who took the naturalization oath at the new americans museum in san diego 
rt  cbcpac  we must stand together to end the racist & discriminatory policies of the trump administration  root out racism
the affordable care act was signed into law eight years ago today  i have often said the  aca  is the civil rights a…
estoy colaborando con el miembro del consejo de maywood  eddie de la riva  para traer la cruz roja y su proyecto  p…
rt  sanpatriciocoop  stephanie and jarel visited capitol hill on the youth tour yesterday and met with  repfilemonvela   txyt17 
everyone that puts their lives on the line to protect and defend our freedom deserves our respect  we must protect trans troops 
here s that letter  as it states  the responsibility to authorize military force against a sovereign nation  is pre…
rt  massema  stay safe after a winter storm - dig out hydrants  clear exhaust vents & avoid downed power lines   m… 
this saturday at noon  i ll be hosting a youth discussion  young people have gotten involved like never before  and…
i m voting no on  housegop s sham  balanced budget amendment   here s why 
the work being done by the  nc100bwinc  including the bay area/oakland chapter  is important to promoting gender an…
 americans4arts  replancenj7 thank you  excited to work with you  replancenj7 
rt  verainstitute   we are a great country  we are also an overly-punitive country  we ve swung the pendulum way too far  assuming that peo…
glad to see the great colleges in the second district adding cybersecurity programs  cyber professionals are in hi…
they pushed the boundaries of technology and won three new patents in the process  this is what happens when studen…
i thank the u s  army corps of engineers  mayor karen freeman-wilson and the gary common council  and mayor christo…
thanks  jonathan segal for sharing your expertise on training leaders to better identify&respond to workplace sexua…
the extent of injury is particularly problematic for our youth as most brains are not fully developed until age 25 
when working women are shortchanged  families suffer the consequences  it s long past time to close the wage gap fo…
 perrybarber had so much fun  it was so great to see so many young girls playing baseball  count me in to help expa…
more than  8 in every  10 of nutrition assistance goes to households that include a child  a senior  or a person wi…
mr  zuckerberg has a long list of growth and success  but he also has a long list of apologies after apologies  thi…
 yahoonews
rt  gcsmathedleader  thank you  sanfordbishop for a great conversation about the importance of math education and the essential support fed…
as  bhm  comes to a close  it is important that we continue to reflect on the contributions made by african-american…
rt  replloyddoggett  with halloween approaching  i have a candy message to share about the republican tax bill that is expected to be intro…
 if i have to go back to buying an individual plan now  i wouldnt be able to afford it i would have to go without i…
senate democrats move one step closer to forcing vote to save the internet  proud to support similar net neutrality…
thank you to richard anderson  former ceo of delta and northwest airlines from minnesota  who testified as the curr…
some good progress at va committee markup today  passed a bill to extend benefits to blue water navy and certain ot…
rt  repraskin  i ve strongly condemned gina haspel s nomination for cia director and joined colleagues in urging a no vote in her confirmat…
 tbt  to one of my first bills that became law  helping als patients get health coverage 
this tax season  i know a lot of families are sitting around their kitchen tables and are trying to make ends meet …
fight back with this week s action steps 
on jan  2  fema updated its public assistance  pa  policy & program guide to include houses of worship as eligible…
rt  repjayapal  in 2017  there were at least 3 confirmed miscarriages in detention  more have been reported  we need a more humane  more ju…
rt  housebudgetdems  budgets reflect priorities   realdonaldtrump and congressional republicans couldn t have been more clear about theirs …
this afternoon  peter sharply questioned facebook ceo mark zuckerberg on his company s failure to protect the priva…
sitting down with  joyvbehar   sunny   paulafaris &  meghanmccain on the  theview this morning to share my political view  tune in at 11am 
trump wants to strip health care from millions while too many americans face third-world health challenges   1/2 
when detected early  skincancer is highly treatable  look out for changing or suspicious spots …
rt  housedemocrats    repmarcykaptur  oh-09  visited one of the many locations for national prescription drug take back day in ohio  dems at…
joining the  snocounty earth day celebration  it s important we work together to protect the environment & take ste…
 daca  needs protection  without legislation  800k d r e a mers are in imminent danger  the  usa  is their home  they deserve to stay 
the 15th annual la harbor international film festival is underway at the warner grand theater in san pedro  tonigh…
i joined  novatechcouncil this morning to talk about technological innovation  stem education  and the important of…
remember to join us tomorrow for play catch with your congresswoman  we ll be at wilson park in compton from 4pm-5…
i had a lot of fun this morning celebrating catholic schools week at  stchristinascl  my thanks to all the students…
great volunteer support all across vc today  ventura county is fired up to turn blue  join in  momentum  ca26 
wouldn t it be a better deal if you were to claw some of that back and have a real infrastructure plan 
proud to recognize vietnamese americans for their contributions to our great nation 
i believe that tax reform legislation must provide greater equity among taxpayers  encourage productive economic in…
yesterday  i met with  txaglandtrust ceo blair fitzsimmons and coo james oliver to discuss agricultural land easeme…
rt  jaketapper  calling  comey a  proven leaker & liar  while you re about to pardon scooter libby  who leaked the identity of a covert cia…
 2/4  as president reagan said in his 1984 state of the union address   a nuclear war cannot be won and must never be fought  
today is national voter registration day  without your vote  your voice won t be heard  register here …
i personally have seen the unmet needs of men & women who return from war  i served alongside them  instead of wast…
rt  nicosgonzalez  audubon s very own julie hill-gabriel   evergladesjulie  is  repdarrensoto s guest at macron s speech before the joint m…
 don t tell me what you value  show me your budget  and i ll tell you what you value   ―  joebiden
1st day house back in session & rumors  housegop is saying no 2 new funds 4 flint water crisis  insisting funds must…
happy new year  2017 was a busy year - i m looking forward to another year representing sw oregon in congress 
this week i was interviewed by  news3lv on everything from n  korea  to immigration  support for our teachers  and…
deported vet hector barajas is finally coming home  no one who served our country should be deported  join me in…
rt  dcspotlight  happy election day maryland  a beautiful day to vote  don t forget to support our local candidates   brownformd and  vanh…
rt  housesbcdems  sba has hundreds of offices across all 50 states dedicated to help you create  develop and finance your ideas  to find yo…
i asked  will the same right to object be available to facebook users in the u s   and how will it be implemented  …
republicans are trying to push a message that  chip   children s health insurance program  costs the american taxpay…
in 2060  more than 1/4 of the us will be tech savvy hispanics  and they ll represent more than  1 trillion in buyi…
rep  meeks  police shootings are a  national crisis  via  msnbc
check out my op ed on my opposition to a citizenship question in the 2020 census via  nydailynews
last week  i got a head start on teacher appreciation week by visiting classrooms across the 11th district  i spoke…
arpaio flouted federal court orders  tortured prisoners in his custody  and promoted poisonous birtherism  he embod…
lest we forget    throwback thursday
joined  uofsandiego for their climate action leadership event and shared how we need to implement san diego s colla…
 baxandobrien  tweetrock102 icymi - listen to the entire interview here 
the advance act will help ensure that highly-skilled military personnel can more easily obtain commercial driver s…
today s valley town hall will go forward at 3 00 pm from reseda high school  i will be there via a large video scr…
local boy makes good   food   grahamkerr the galloping gourmet made cooking fun on tv long before food network  now…
a message from congresswoman brenda lawrence in recognition of women s history month  womens history month
enjoyed spending time with the brilliant students of  ps11brooklyn who were in the house  of representatives  
excited to announce that my bipartisan bill to protect veterans from predatory financial scams has passed congress …
rt  houseagnews    conawaytx11   reptedyoho   repdavidrouzer   repjohnfaso &  repschrader enjoyed productive discussions in 🇨🇦 ahead of  na… 
 john_sipher great meeting you as well and i look forward to seeing you around reston 
rt  nancypelosi  build new vocational schools  with what  your fy18 budget *cuts* these programs and career technician education   realdona…
as  realdonaldtrump goes on another twitter tirade over asylum seekers  here s a quick primer he should read  in…
 _cccnh thank you for your work to support survivors 
rt  usmc_legaffairs  tbt to last season s evening parade honoring these congressional marines  reppaulcook   repjackbergman  &  repcarbaja…
so proud of  uofalabama for leading research in the deep south for this initiative   all of us provides us with an o…
rt  houseadm_dems   repbrady &  phillymayor met the capitolpolice to discuss congressional security plans for the demconvention philly htt…
rt  economicpolicy  the workplace democracy act  introduced today by  sensanders and  repmarkpocan would begin to restore workers  right to…
yesterday 7 000 shoes representing the lives of children lost to gunviolence since sandy hook were placed outside…
 edpartnerships the largest college awareness and scholarship program in the history of america   this year will h…
my h o m e s act protects our fighting men & women from exploitation by unscrupulous mortgage loan lenders 
by ending temporary protected status for 57 000 hondurans  the trump administration is ignoring humanitarian conce…
rt  senatorserrano  happening now  i m in albany moderating a somos2018 workshop on puerto rico and the island s recovery post hurricane m…
rt  demsespanol  los demócratas de la cámara de representantes acompañamos a miles de estudiantes durante el national school walkout  exigie…
my full statement on the announcement by the house intelligence committee majority to shut down the investigation i…
148 members send letter to  speakerryan requesting information on his decision to remove house chaplain | thanks to…
i am proud to introduce the crop insurance modernization act of 2018  this legislation will strengthen the safety…
rt  robertharding    repkathleenrice and  repjohnkatko introduce a bill that would require cybersecurity training for all house members 
   through its rigid structure not only of very low wages  but wages suppressed by a pervasive lack of labor rights  2/
rt  ncdaonline  thank you  repmcgovern for speaking at n c d a worcester2018
it s not often you can say this  but it would be better for our national security if the president of the united st…
cientos de miles de d r e a mers viven en limbo  mientras los republicanos pierden el tiempo y no actúan  hay que trab…
rt  lcvoters    juliabrownley is a staunch advocate for tackling climate change head on  ca26  2016 elections
rt  barackobama  dr  king was 26 when the montgomery bus boycott began  he started small  rallying others who believed their efforts matter…
rt  matthaig1   realdonaldtrump by separating mothers and children  not just at airports  but at the mexican border 
small businesses  or companies with fewer than 100 employees  represent 98 percent of firms in san diego  they repr…
good news 
rt  essence  trayvon martin should be celebrating his 23rd birthday right now  but instead  we re uplifting his memory and pressing forward…
the aca put a stop to insurers raising premiums for americans with pre-existing conditions  but graham cassidy would end that protection 
i was honored to sign the beau biden gun violence prevention act  and to help carry on beau s legacy and his commit…
rt  fiveslofiftynin  community roll call  central san pedro  thank you all for coming out  look for a roll call coming to your area soon …
there is no sound more powerful than the marching feet of a determined people  selma52 good trouble
voting on amendment by  nydiavelazquez to waive local cost-share  ensure fed gov t will cover 100% eligible costs o…
critical issues addressed were  making quality higher education accessible and affordable for all students  regardl…
flash salvadoran tps holders  don t let needless fear make you miss monday midnight deadline to renew your tps whil…
i stand with  sensanders   senmikelee &  chrismurphyct in demanding that congress stop the war in yemen and pass…
get covered today  there are only three days left to visit to buy or change your health car…
rt  buttahflyk  always happy to meet with  repeliotengel s senior policy advisor  catherine rowland  thanks for listening  & thanks to cong…
deeply saddened by the loss of my colleague  louiseslaughter  who paved the way for so many women to take on leader…
5  the   housegop tax bill repeals tax deductions for the middle class  including the medical expense and education…
congress should strengthen pell grants so fewer students are reliant on loans  unfortunately  the trump budget cuts…
rt  microsoftipc  thank you  governorva  govlarryhogan  markwarner  repjohndelaney  repscotttaylor for championing rural broadband connect…
today  i want to say thank you to all public school teachers for the incredible work that they are doing to lead ou…
the  washingtonpost found that more than 187 000 students have been exposed to gun violence at school since columbi…
19 years ago  13 people were killed at columbine  since 1999  over 150 000 students attending 170  schools have exp…
congrats to  judibosworth and  northhempstead team on being sworn in for another term  wishing you all the best of…
from coast to coast  urban flooding has a unique & powerful ability to wreak havoc in our communities  leaving our…
fue grandioso hablar con puerto rico gov   ricardorossello hoy  continuaré trabajando con él  junto con los muchos…
important  waysmeanscmte hearing looking at the dangerous flow of synthetic opioids like fentanyl  watch our discus…
open enrollment starts today  in colorado  it goes until jan  12  get covered
in today s world  this is an important idea to keep in our heads  there are more friendly people than hostile ones…
deeply saddened by news of the passing of a locust grove police officer involved in a shooting in henry county earl…
rt  repdankildee  bipartisan agreement to fund flint is a step forward for flint  we ll continue to fight til it reaches  potus desk 
the moment of keeps  giuliani  keep talking  mueller  keep connecting the dots  rosenstein  keep saying no  stormy  keep storming 
rt  drleanawen   it s time we give working moms  paid sick and maternity leave   —  call_me_dutch  womensmarchbalt baltimorewomensmarch ht…
 scotus  brief on the travel ban decision is here  read it here 
making our schools war zones is not the answer to saving our students lives  guns are killing our children and inst…
i am heartbroken by the passing of my dear friend & colleague  congresswoman louise slaughter  she was a phenomenal…
rt  kpolanowicz  ready for a great discussion with  repmcgovern &  repgutierrez  6pm tonight  ymcaofcm  be there  
 when the history of the trump era is written  it won t be kind to this president s enablers  and that applies to t…
rt  sr_simone  despite common conceptions  most uninsured people have at least one working member of their family  mendthe gaps
this was not the finding of the house intelligence committee  mr  president  but only a statement by its gop member…
thank you to the  ppfa staff from seattle for stopping by my dc office to update me on their work to protect women …
new on langevin hits the rhode  i had a wonderful time attending another  first  robotics challenge  neinstitutetech 
q  what is the u s  getting for its  1 trillion deficit  a  corporate stock buybacks and higher executive salaries 
 the arc of the moral universe is long  but it bends toward justice  
crisis pregnancy centers  fake clinics run by anti-choice activists  prey on women in underserved communities witho…
ebola has re-emerged in central africa  posing a threat to countless innocent men  women & children  meanwhile …
enough with the manufactured outrage  my advice to congressional budget office director at budget hearing …
it is the responsibility of congress to set the parameters for ongoing operations and determine the appropriate lev…
in these difficult times  i find comfort in dr  martin luther king jr s unwavering resolve in the face of adversity…
this is another document in the overwhelmingly tall pile of evidence that proves how much we need to reduce the pre…
rt  actioncorpsnyc  we stand with  repespaillat  repjeffries  repmaloney  nydiavelazquez & all 88 members of congress who today demanded th…
the city of albuqerque recently launched the sexual assault information line  sail  so sexual assault survivors wit…
if you have a casework problem   va   postal  uscis  social security or any other federal issue   staff from my offi…
the house rules committee is meeting right now to give same-day authority to whatever deal gets made to reopen the…
releasing a partisan memo based on cherry-picked information to cover president trump s obstruction and his continu…
corporate monopolies are driving down wages and raising prices for consumers across the country  middle class ameri…
happy easter  wishing everyone a day filled with happiness and the joy of friends and family 
having a great time at tonight s eastchester tuckahoe chamber of commerce dinner dance 
in t&i hearing now   transport discussing trump infrastructure plan that cuts funding for critical transit programs…
doesn t get much better than the  trappfamily lodge on a snowy winter day 
congratulations to megan chen from  dvhs_tuhsd  the winner of our congressional art competition  thank you to our ju…
rt  repdougcollins  grateful to work w/  repjeffries   repjudychu & others on the music modernization act to bring fairness & transparency i…
the internet doesn t belong to  ajitpaifcc and  realdonaldtrump  we need to save the internet and the fight for a fr…
net neutrality is the simple principle that lawful content on the internet should be equally accessible to everyone…
rt  repcurbelo  we owe it to our service members  and their families  to better help them transition back to the civilian job market   batt… 
as we begin this new year  i pray that you and your loved ones are blessed with a safe and prosperous 2018  happy new year 
want to end gun violence  here s how we start  pass the bipartisan thompson-king bill to strengthen america s backgr…
while this new campaign medal honors the service & bravery of our troops in iraq & syria  it will preclude those supporting them in kuwait 
declassifying the partisan & misleading nunes memo is another reckless attempt by  realdonaldtrump to obstruct just…
communities across indian country lack access to any form of cancer treatment  i introduced legislation to create g…
tune in shortly as i join  cnni at 2 15 pm ct / 3 15 pm est to share my thoughts on  potus  shortcomings and the  l…
rt  gkbutterfield  pleased that  amazon is listening to its employees & communicating a commitment to board diversity  however  rooney rule…
rt  pennenvironment  in the us house  we endorse  repbrendanboyle   repcartwright   usrepmikedoyle  &  dwightevanspa  all received environm…
to all who commemorate the crucifixion and celebrate the resurrection  happy easter  easter sunday resurrection sunday
it was an honor to deliver the 2018  ramapocollegenj commencement keynote address  congratulations to the 1 434 new…
rt  diegobernaltx  want to know what the digitaldivide looks like  schools adjusting the kind of homework they assign because their stude…
i intend to help with that 
rt  bukkyshonibare  4 years of advocacy  bring back our girls 1
the internet doesn t belong to  ajitpaifcc and  realdonaldtrump  we need to save the internet for all of our neighbo…
sorry i missed you all  but thank you for also coming to my d c  office to share your stories and for representing…
today the president showed that he is willing to get the job done on preventing another school shooting in our coun…
  housegop s  hr620  threatens civil rights for americans with disabilities and undercuts the  ada   i was proud to s…
rt  usgs  prelim m 5 7 - 18km sw of leilani estates  hawaii  did you feel it  tell us 
today  i m announcing my bill to reinstate a tax on big oil and chemical polluters in order to raise more funding f…
rt  colo_politics  the amendment — proposed by  repperlmutter and  repjaredpolis  both colorado democrats — requires newly manufactured h…
rt  emeraldcities  why we need the  prepare  act  the  usgao added severe weather threats to its 2013  2015 high risk lists  join us in supp…
rt  philatec  it s national small business week and today we added to the conversation around access to capital & advocacy for smallbiz owne…
when it comes to new yorkers  we put our parties aside to put people first  thanks for attending 
a few weeks ago we had a visit from  gayleking — you can see who stole the show  tune in for the full piece this mo…
round 2 starts tonight  let s go  goldenknights  🏒🏆 vegas born
below is my statement in response to president trump s comments on the u s  nuclear arsenal 
on this day we honor jackie robinson  he broke the color barrier as the first african american to play baseball for…
proud to see my bill  the honoring our heroes act  pass the house  thanks to tari from eau claire for the great ide…
proud of the leadership of  senatorhassan &  senatorshaheen in pushing for net neutrality in the senate  i m backin…
the majority doesn t just control what reaches the floor  it controls what time votes are held as well  i just lear…
 most importantly  facebook continues to frustrate many by putting the onus on its users to opt-in to privacy contr…
rt  thehill  official tax scorekeeper  gop tax bill breaks trump treasury chief s own rule against benefiting wealthy
don t forget  my staff will be at the rancho cordova library tomorrow from 10 00 am to noon to help you with social…
rt  replloyddoggett  since 2006  the average cost for a year of medication for someone with a chronic disease has more than doubled to over…
congrats to santa fe sophomore  rowan nadon  winner of the 2017 congressional app challenge  rowan s  smart securit…
it was great speaking to the robins air force base and community partners this morning  robins afb is an essential…
rt  cleanairmoms  we couldn t have said it better   repjackyrosen   epascottpruitt isn t effective – he s reckless and corrupt 
rt  tjpignataro  grants through  nysdec and  ltalliance will help  wnylc launch buffalo s linear park design competition  grand island wetl…
3 days until big guns 
we cannot continue down the path of funding the most powerful government in the world one month at a time 
happy 40th anniversary to  wildernessinq  thank you to the volunteers  staff members  and board of directors for al…
honored to be recognized with major general gretchen dunkelberger by  vamanchester during womens history month for f…
rt  emv52    repdarrensoto sez s n a pmatters serves fl well bc residents struggle w high housing costs & low wages  opposes farm bill that w…
delighted to receive a visit today from  danielellsberg & former congr   reptierney  exec dir of  livableworld  to…
today   repfilemonvela   repnewhouse   repgonzalez   repebj   repkevincramer   repterrisewell and i sent a bipartis…
on the 53rd anniversary of bloody sunday  let us recommit to rejecting intolerance and injustice in all forms  and…
society should be judged by how we care for our most vulnerable  the hollywood nursing home tragedy is unacceptable 
my amendment would prevent  energy from moving forward with its dangerous repository plan until omb considers a num…
honored assemblyman frank skartados and newburgh mayor judy kennedy in a speech today on the house floor  watch 
we re kicking off our first e3 summit panel now  focusing on the economy and preparing our youth for 21st century j…
rt  envam  hat s off to  repcartwright for leading on cleanenergy  go100percent
thank you  awoadvocacy for stopping by to visit today  team rep takai
today is the 54th anniversary of the march on washington  today  we still march together to fight for equality and…
proud to be an original cosponsor of the pink tax repeal act here in congress w/  repspeier  and to work with…
proud to join this bipartisan effort to provide tps recipients with a path to legal permanent residency …
the hot minnesota weekend didn t stop families and friends from coming out to see their town s parade 
release   it s common sense that the most classified information should be reserved for the most cleared individua…
as a member of congress  i will continue to support our constitution and fight the current administration or anyone   
leave new york taxpayers alone  in other words  keep your hands off our money 
thread  m l k s legacy & teachings are as important today as they were during the civil rights movement  over the p…
nearly 11 000 dreamers have lost their daca status since president trump decided to end the program on september 5t…
high school students  teachers  & community leaders joined me at last night s delray beach town hall  these young p…
i m incredibly encouraged to see so many davis high students outside of my office marching in support of commonsens…
so this is draining the swamp  huh  🙄
rt  lauradfrancis    repjohnconyers  this version of ag guestworker bill is  not an improvement over its predecessors 
rt  runclaytonrun  congratulations to representative rangel  cbrangel  d-ny  on his award tonight  cbcfinc & career of public service   htt…
proud to be a  preservation hero  and support our state s important historic preservation work  thanks to washingto…
met with  aarpmd this afternoon to reiterate my support for the important work they do in  md05  and across the stat…
everybody deserves access to highered regardless of income  i signed a letter w/123 of my colleagues to…
happening now   hispaniccaucus press conference on president trump s march 5th daca deadline  no more delaying  we…
 potus s request for  1 billion in funding for the expansion of the border wall would be a foolish expenditure of taxpayer dollars 
teachers  apply by 3/1 to attend a free  nehgov summer professional development program  there are sites across the…
this weekend i marched in the d c emancipation day parade  the us was early 156 years ago when lincoln freed dc slave…
as the weather continues to improve  be mindful of how you can protect yourself while outdoors  bug spray and check…
rt  repbillfoster    realdonaldtrump has denied the science of climatechange and let  epascottpruitt gut environmental regulations  it s d…
according to  everytown  americans are 25 times more likely to be shot and killed with a gun than people in other d…
loebsack  house biofuels caucus lead call for robust rfs volumes
highlights of the first half   1  kilmer  secret recipe  bean dip  2  trailer for solo a star wars story  3  that td o…
i m proud to have helped the girard fire department get this grant for a new fire truck  our firefighters need the…
get your tax questions answered for free from  yourvoiceatirs on problem solving day right here in pinellas  locatio…
my staff is in show low today from 10 am to 2 pm to answer your questions about veteran s benefits  medicare  and m…
my food and farm act  expands access to healthy food and brings rural and urban communities together  fix the farm bill
rt  cheathwftv    repdarrensoto won the open seat in 2016 after  alangrayson ran for us senate  today s move by grayson sets up what should…
tras el plebiscito de 2012  en el cual los residentes de pr expresaron su rechazo al estatus actual y su preferencia por la estadidad   
during his remarks to congress today  french president macron said there is no planet b and it s time to make our p…
rt  repdonbeyer  leadership    americans are dying in puerto rico  their condition is dire  you watch tv & tweet insults at their leaders f…
rt  columbia  we re live with the honorable  repjohnlewis at the david dinkins forum  watch here 
great to host our florida electrical workers of  ibew in dc this week  united we stand   aflcio  flaflcio…
rt  aslavitt  must read from  joekennedy  don t let them confuse guns and investing in mental health  two different things 
today marks 50 years since the assassination of civil rights leader dr  martin luther king  jr  his sacrifice and c…
yesterday  our youth advisory council met to discuss issues in  ca33  that matter to them and how congress can help …
rt  thebeatwithari   this president has a character flaw  he has no good values   i don t know what he s going to say tonight but he won t…
equal pay for equal work shouldn t be a partisan issue  but months ago the trump administration took a step in the…
i support the bills before  energycommerce today but i m concerned that many proposals that would meaningfully impr…
throughout her tenure  fcc commissioner clyburn has been a tireless champion for consumers and a staunch defender o…
i told  secretaryross last week   that this is about accuracy  this is mandated by the constitution to count every…
rt  fla_pol  stephanie murphy gets gun violence research language into budget bill via  scottfist fla pol
honored to join the family of gil vega and lesley zerebny at the 37th annual peace officer s memorial to remember t…
rt  jeremybkens5  eric cooper  the ceo of the  safoodbank with  lloyddoggetttx and  joaquincastrotx talking about the huge cuts to snap in…
the farm bill introduced by  housegop betrays working families and our most vulnerable by cutting nutrition assista…
the fight now moves to congress  i m proud to be an original cosponsor of the congressional review act …
rt  amjoyshow  watch  joyannreid debunk the uranium one deal fake news story on a m joy
my staff & i wore purple to wage hope against pancreatic cancer  3rd deadliest cancer in us p a n caware
icymi  my op-ed entitled bethune is making history
president trump has again called for the executions of drug dealers  we must again reiterate that violent brute for…
    reckless manner that endangers our troops stationed in south korea and our regional allies  
first  the gop passed a g o p tax scam that blows a  2 trillion hole in the budget to benefit only the wealthy 
rt  thehill  just in  nunes didn t read document that prompted russia investigation  report
from pay equity  to affordable child care  to access to & affordability for higher education  when every woman can…
asked congressional gop to confirm their hc plan won t ⬆️️ the nat  debt&won t make wisconsinites lose coverage the…
rt  ajentleson  more info on the unlv law clinic if you care to donate on behalf of senator reid   the unlv immigration clinic trains stu…
small businesses are the backbone of our economy  for national small business week i visited with local small busines…
rt  mbieseck   epascottpruitt demanded 24/7 armed security on day 1 at the agency  according to  epaoig  that s at odds with past claims th…
any strategy must also address russian president vladimir putin s role in financing and enabling assad s regime  as…
the trump administration terminated daca six months ago  calling it unconstitutional  today  800 000 d r e a mers are…
dr  martin kuther king jr  continues to inspire  progress on racial and economic equality must march on and i am gr…
congress lost a titan today  louiseslaughter
the home investment partnership program is the largest federal block grant to states designed exclusively to build…
today  my colleagues and i wrote to ag sessions about whistleblower allegations that doj is engaging in political d…
 shelhorowitz certainly  feel free 
facts are facts  i have always focused on putting the security and economic interests of nebraska families ahead of…
thank you to the brave men and women aboard the  ussharrystruman  our nation is grateful for your service   aircraftcarrier
rt  bpcaction  we applaud  chriscoons   senatorrisch   sentinasmith   sencorygardner   repbenraylujan   repchuck   rephultgren  and  replip…
happy birthday to the city we all love  vegas
here s proof  from montgomery county  maryland   that citizen-owned elections can fight big money 👇
this peace officers memorial day  we honor the law enforcement officers on the central coast who lost their lives whi…
i ll be rooting for  ladybirdmovie and greta gerwig tonight  oscars lady bird sacramento
rt  mmtconline  mmtc womens history month tribute pt 6  hon  patricia diaz dennis became the first hispanic-american to serve as a  fcc comm…
i don t know about the country  but it will take the presidency years to recover from this president s behavior 
i was so honored to help bring and welcome to the  cityofgardena  the wall that heals   a 350-foot-long replica of…
the government may not be open tomorrow  but our staff will be out in long beach helping  ny04  residents find affor…
rt  uhcougarmbk  thank you for the kind words  rep  green  it truly was an outstanding season and a sign of great things to come with  coa…
rt  repvaldemings  happy birthday to former congresswoman carrie p  meek  florida s first black member of congress  she served in the unite…
 pdxbusman  queenleslie1982 you should have asked for a selfie 
rt  repdonbeyer  the more we learn about what happened here  the worse pruitt s actions look  but there s a lot we still don t know about h…
 epaoig the republican chair of the house oversight & government reform committee  tgowdysc also sent a letter to p…
very fortunate to have  repjayapal as one of our amazing  housejuddems members  at what is a critical time for our…
glad gov brown signed sb 5  i wrote to him on importance of this   to mitigate health/economic impacts of salton sea
initially  h r  5503 was set to cut funding for  nasa s earth science programs by  471 million in fy19  almost a 25…
guest lecturing with my predecessor  former congressman tom davis  at george mason  though we come from different p…
rt  nancypelosi  tune in as democrats join students for today s enough is enough d m v event at the capitol  never again
rt  edtrust  join us &  amprog this friday  april 13 at 10 30am for a discussion on the success & rapid progress of  chipubschools  feat   …
rt  fairfieldctdems  today s century club brunch was a tremendous  standing-room-only success  wonderful to see & hear from so many democr…
happy national voter registration day  you can learn more or check your registration status at …
yesterday i met with  uhouston leland fellows to discuss important issues to texas as well as their experiences as…
rt  petra_catalyst  happy m f g day17   a great day to check out  makingurfuture or  madeinswpa
republicans and democrats agree— it s time to find a legislative solution to protect d r e a mers  these young people h…
rt  think100show  low-income & communities of color are disproportionately impacted by pollution and hit first & worst by climatechange   …
a mind to work  
former first lady barbara bush was an icon of devotion to her faith and her family  graceful  kind  and thoughtful …
i m joining  alexwitt on  msnbc at 9 am pt/12 pm et to discuss all things russia  north korea  and immigration  i hope you can tune in 
the trump administration s policy of taking children from their families solely because they are immigrants is crue…
republicans falsely sold the g o p tax scam as a bill for the middle class  in reality  people at the very top will ul…
gave my family an extra hug today and praying for anyone who lost a loved one or was injured by the horrific events in las vegas last night 
the senate judiciary  in its limited trump russia investigation  released trump tower meeting transcripts  we learn…
algae has the potential to provide an economically viable renewable source of fuel  that s why  exxonmobil is partn…
rt  johnrobertsfox  scott pruitt just told a congressional committee he gave his cos the green light to give raises to two epa officials  t…
 epaoig a few days later  tgowdysc  the republican chair of the house oversight committee  gopoversight  informed t…
rt  hillsboroughsch  way to go  alea  👏 and thank you  usrepkcastor for recognizing our students & making sure the nation sees why our dist…
today i joined other veterans in congress in telling the president to cease this behavior for the good of our secur…
this effort also shows just how critical a new training vessel is for  maritimecollege students to learn on and ser…
we can t get distracted from the ongoing republican assault on reproductive freedoms nationwide  congress needs to…
as the founder and co-chair of the congressional bourbon caucus  i have to agree with  senatemajldr here  that doe…
the paycheck fairness act would help close the wagegap by giving workers stronger tools to combat wage discrimination  equal pay day talkpay
america need s a bold  job-creating program that will not only reinvigorate our public lands but give the unemploye…
speaking to the  drchamber and  ftwchamber on jobs  funding our infrastructure and educating our workforce …
dr  roswell park gave the world cancer research when he opened as the first dedicated cancer center in 1898  and th…
catch peter live on  vprnet s  vermontedition today at noon  you can listen in and ask him a question by following…
proud to be introducing this bill to ensure that folks in affordable housing units aren t thrown out on the streets…
rt  repcohen  and the fact that 45 has time for rants on fox but not time to mention the victims or an american hero james shaw jr  who did…
rt  mccartneywp  break breakthrough in maryland on metro funding  as hogan and house come together to support bill calling for  150 millio…
today 13 russian nationals and three russian entities were indicted for buying online political ads in an attempt t…
it was a pleasure speaking with the students of the university of illinois agriculture and policy leadership progra…
mi expectativa es q al menos varios de los miembros de la junta sean puertorriqueños  de descendencia puertorriqueña o estén vinculados a pr
 salondelaguerre hi liam  these tweets are live from my chat with y d c to educate  ny09  on policies within the gop ta…
it s election day  texas  make sure you get out and vote - polls are open from 7 am - 7 pm 
it was great to be out saturday for the 16th annual north channel area community cleanup & empowerment day  thank y…
 ww3  is being waged over the net  we must invest in more & better cybersecurity
nashville played a pivotal role in the fight for equality  i m excited for the  fristcenter s upcoming exhibit   we…
rt  repbobbyrush  this black history month let s reflect on the legacy of jean baptiste point du sable  founder of chicago and haitian immig…
 usafmatthew  repandrecarson  usafmatthew  one example of these perks is tax breaks for big oil and gas companies  …
last week  i spoke at  usaseanbusiness gala on how the united states must deepen our economic cooperation and engag…
terrorist groups like isis must be degraded and destroyed  it s time congress authorize use of military force   ne02 
last night  i voted against advancing the republican tax bill because i ve heard from delawareans about the need fo…
our immigration system is broken and it is keeping families apart  we need comprehensive immigration reform so no f…
spoke with the  ctgrgov today about the great work they are doing for the tribe and the region
fake criminal justice reform  two steps backward  one step forward  is not acceptable end mass incarceration
fake news  your own ice spokesperson resigned today because he couldn t lie about immigration policies for you anym…
today is election day for  ca26   polls are open until 8pm  find your polling location   gotv 
  umasslowell center for wind energy is a nat l leader for new tech that can power our nation  proud to have their…
new on langevin hits the rhode   nearhodeisland s read across america  warwickmall is a great opportunity to read to a…
rt  mehdirhasan  listen to antiwar u s  congresswoman  repbarbaralee on trump s syria strikes  u s  defense spending and the  continuation…
 otd  in 1954  ellis island officially closed  12 million immigrants had passed through its doors …
 2/2  i will be joining with colleagues in introducing a resolution to overturn this misguided decision and ensure…
wishing a warm welcome to congressman lamb of pennsylvania  conorlambpa  congratulations and i look forward to serv…
members of congress are constantly on the battlefield  a message to staff members during this  bhm  event honoring…
earlyvoting in maryland runs through 8pm tonite  don t let something interfere  vote today  locations …
rt  am2dm   his actions are absolutely racist  his words are racist  his policies are racist   -  reprichmond when asked if trump is racist…
rt  realdonaldtrump  senator marco  amnesty  rubio  who has worst voting record in senate  just hit me on national security-but i said don …
we must protect d r e a mers and work toward comprehensive immigration reform 
rt  jessleavenworth  east hartford students form 17
it was great to attend the scituate town meeting  thanks to moderator richard bowen for giving me the opportunity t…
horrific reports of the school shooting in florida  my heart goes out to the victims of this senseless violence and their families 
disappointed in  realdonaldtrump prescription drug plan announced today   potus backed off his promises of real c…
rt  mitchellreports  full interview with  staceyplaskett on  amr   msnbc
congratulations 
snap works  last year alone  snap prevented more than 42 million people from going hungry—including nearly 20 milli…
  housegop is going after  snap  and other benefits for people living in extreme poverty  this week during the…
heckuva roi  why not give house gop super pac  30m  democracy be damned  this tax cut gives corruption a bad name 
ending tps for salvadorans forces nearly 200 000 immigrants to return to a country they barely know  many reside in…
  ginaepa and janet mccabe are right  this administration is making dangerous decisions that directly undermine sci…
you re not the leaders of tomorrow  you are the leaders now  here  today  march for our lives
i m joining  foxnews today at 1 pm et/10 am pt to discuss north korea and more  i hope you can tune in 
when things get chaotic in washington  there is nothing better than enjoying some peace and quiet and maybe even a…
8 yrs ago  the affordable care act was signed into law  since then  co s uninsured rate has dropped to 7%  we can im…
rt  repcicilline  democrats have a real plan to give people a better deal through investing in our workers & reprioritizing groundbreaking r…
i join the 168 democratic house members in calling on trump to reverse course and rescind his job offer to alt-right leader steve bannon
whatever the courts ultimately rule  i will file for re-election eight months from now 
doesn t matter whether you re a d  r or inbetween  our veterans deserve the best care in the world 
today  we released the dept  of human resources report on the state s sexual harassment policy and reporting proced…
it is painful to witness firsthand this attack on the remaining pillars of nonpartisan  governance  rules  and proc…
we have a big agenda this month  but last week we got off to a good start with a bipartisan agreement to keep the g…
had a constructive meeting with india s ambassador to the u s   navtejsarna  we discussed the u s -india partnershi…
i visited advocate christ medical center in oak lawn this afternoon to get an official tour of their new state-of-t…
last chance to rsvp for the  drphil and  robin_mcgraw briefing on the effect the opioid epidemic is having on our c…
rt  repdwightevans  it s hard to keep track of the priorities republicans have for the american people  1 day they care about chip  the nex…
rt  sylvesterturner  summer is quickly approaching  one way to help keep our youth busy is provide them a job  the city of houston is provi…
today i joined 130 house members & 39 senators in urging  epascottpruit to resign  his ethics violations  misuse of…
rt  nftc  higher de minimis levels in  nafta  will lower transaction costs and increase access to international markets for small & medium…
the vote is precious  almost sacred  it is the most powerful nonviolent tool or instrument in a democratic society  use it  election day
congress has a responsibility to strengthen affordable housing opportunities  so that more hardworking americans ha…
dreamers grew up in this county  and we deserve a chance to vote on bipartisan legislation that will protect them…
also  as we have seen too often  when spills occur  the companies leave and foot taxpayers with the bill to clean u…
i ve opposed the  wearesinclair merger since day one  it would allow one company to dominate media coverage in loca…
 statedept has given authorization for the passport application acceptance facilities in st  croix and st  thomas t…
promesa es la mejor oportunidad que tenemos para resolver la crisis fiscal inmediata en pr y lograr que se encamine hacia un mejor futuro 
i pledge to help right this wrong by fighting for the funding that my constituents and other hardworking americans…
secretary   betsydevosed & congressional republicans want to rescind 2014 school discipline guidance  this turns a…
looking forward to joining  amundsen_hs students on april 7th as they lead a town hall discussion on gun violence a…
a1  i am proud to join with my fellow public health caucus co-chairs to improve the health of all americans  and to…
since he s become president  trump s nativist policies have ended  tps  for vulnerable immigrants  put the lives of…
rt  tugovtaffairs   repdwightevans   councilwomanjlb   sensharifstreet &  senatorhaywood are with  tugovtaffairs at  templeuniv s  liacoura…
it was great to participate in fort lauderdale cares day  dozens of events were organized by volunteers and held ac…
please remember  if you receive an unsolicited call asking your for personal or financial information in reference…
standing with thousands of workers and immigrants on this may day to fight for better working conditions and livabl…
rt  aaaj_aajc  inspiring to see so many aapi members of congress and  capac members at a p a i c s gala2018  thank you for your leadership 
as i said in april  when the president first ordered u s  military strikes against the assad regime  the use of dea…
i ll be on  msnbc with rachel  maddow tonight at 9 30 p m  et to discuss  epascottpruitt and how the trump administ…
a major victory for fair maps  the supreme court has upheld new non-partisan congressional map in pennsylvania  a g…
scamming sick & injured 911 heroes is absolutely appalling  i   repjerrynadler  &  reppeterking are calling for a f…
proud to stand w/ our dreamers and those affected by  daca  and fight for a fix for tps - &lt iframe src= …
rt  hfacdemocrats  140 house democrats to trump  follow the law  impose sanctions on russia 
standing with mothers & sheros who understand that every dollar counts & food is no luxury  we must protect food ai…
rt  repjimcooper  earmarks encourage the worst behavior because they tempt people in congress to steal taxpayer money to benefit big contri…
it is national library week  our local libraries have so much to offer all members of our community  find yours  mo…
a8  that is why i fight to increase wages  fund workforce development  and improve economic well-being across bound…
  unmc is set to become the national center for treating highly infectious diseases  such as ebola   ne02 
rt  housedemocrats  a free society depends on a free press  on world press freedom day we commend all of the hardworking journalists who brin…
the old mt  zion baptist church in albany  georgia was a prominent gathering place for civil rights activists durin…
rt  julito77   we re not talking about foreign aid  we re talking about american citizens    repjoseserrano says puerto rico  usvi 
rt  gersonborrero  it s always good when i get to greet  cbrangel  insidecityhall watch the lion roar in interview with  errollouis 7pm ht…
in 2015  i took to the house floor to debate my youth empowerment strategy which would give students the opportunit…
workers or wall street  we ve known all along who the g o p tax scam actually benefits  this analysis only affirms it 
rt  repespaillat  the flint water crisis is not an anomaly—what happened to flint is a warning to all americans  many communities are one m…
about to be live on the air with  baxandobrien on  tweetrock102  tune in now 
worcester is home to one of the oldest armenian communities in the u s  today i was proud to join so many in…
by walking away from the jcpoa  trump makes it easier for iran to develop nuclear weapons  what a dreadful decisio…
thanks councilmember jenkins 
thanks toyota for coming out to meet with me  i look forward to visiting your facility in north long   ca44 
i am truly humbled and thankful to receive my 10th  best of austin  recognition by readers of the  austinchronicle 
last week i brought together bipartisan experts to talk about the permanent consequences of the sinclair merger lik…
 local338
transparency is essential to our democracy  as is trust and faith in our institutions  if sensitive information is…
the plan slashes epa s budget by  2 8 billion  this includes a 70% cut to environmentaljustice enforcement  elimin…
rt  uw_rowing  huskies leaving montlake  rowing barkthebay
rt  witnesses_natl   snap doesn t keep people in poverty--snap works to raise people out of poverty  witnesses chat
i joined  democracynow to discuss  realdonaldtrump s unacceptable  unamerican proposal for a muslim registry
these rent hikes will worsen n y c s affordable housing crisis  renters in queens  the bronx  and across the city…
thank you to  jmurguia_unidos and  weareunidosus for the honor  but i want to thank you and your work helping peopl…
rt  ruralcounties  supervisors kevin cann  mariposa county   rex bohn   humcogov  and lee adams  sierra county  meet with  rephuffman in wa…
rt  hfacdemocrats  now  rm  repeliotengel discusses syria strikes with  anacabrera on  cnn 
rt  eabrown18  my newest story has it all--drones  jailbreaks  the texas rangers  dummies made out of toilet paper   and a badass duke scie…
according to data compiled by  bgov  u s  weekly crude imports fall 6 7% to 7 08m b/d  eia  see attached image for…
thank you to the members who took a stand for moms and working parents running for office   today s decision opens…
rt  bflobizjimfink  erie canalway has a  1 5 billion economic impact via  bflobizfirst
the question is   if i do not stop to help the sanitation workers  what will happen to them   that s the question  …
here s your womens history month trivia for the day  she was born a slave but went on to became a journalist  suffra…
rt  repcohen   nobody can stay around donald trump long who has a conscience and who has character and who believes in ethics   i joined  …
love it  letoleadership  ❤️🇺🇸💛 i am back in dc tonight  a bit more optimistic because of our discussion today  youn…
the same people who blundered our nation into the 2003 invasion of iraq are still in charge of our nation s foreign…
rt  mmcauliff   electproject   repjoseserrano today asked secy ross if he agreed an untested citizenship question on the 2020 census was  t…
a horrible thing to say  secazar  you  don t see the premium effect   come to virginia  where premiums will soar b…
plainly  we have a very flawed human being in the oval office  and the only question is whether those flaws will pe…
the g o p tax scam will raise taxes on 86 million middle-class americans over 10 years  while causing americans  healt…
federal workstudy opens doors to great opportunities  congress should modernize it so students get skills they can…
ending  tps  status for these individuals is both immoral and impractical given the conditions in their home countri…
rt  tylercreighton   the complaint i am registering is not just voiced by democrats  republicans feel the same way   says  usrepricknolan …
happy 40th birthday  weaveinc  thank you for your important work to support women in sacramento 
right now   realdonaldtrump and california can agree on one point  read about it here  and also what the trump ad…
 otd  in 1977  the food & ag  act was enacted  paving the way for today s snap prgm  which helped 1 733 000 georgian…
i work for you  my offices remain open and here to help wisconsinites navigate how the shutdown impacts them 
proud of  domesticworkers &  campesinasunite for their advocacy on behalf of the domestic workers of this country …
on this day in 1859  oregon became the 33rd state in the union  more than 150 years later  we still boast some of t…
where is the national outcry  another power outage for puerto rico  cnn
proud to welcome jim montgomery of  sambondsbrewing to a very chilly dc  jim is here to participate in the small br…
i had the opportunity to attend the groundbreaking for the new fire station & governmental complex in blakely  ga …
on transgender dayof remembrance  we remember those lost to senseless acts of violence and we reaffirm our commitmen…
thanks to the work of  agbecerra and others  thousands of dreamers can breathe a bit easier today  but now is n…
rt  purduedc    lifeatpurdue and  repvisclosky share great pride in the contributions of  purduenorthwest to the community and economy of n…
thankfully  because of your calls and your activism  over 99% of calls to my office were opposed to trumpcare at t…
thank you so much for the honor  and for all you do on behalf of moms and children 
in late december   cbp ordered the transfer of ten officers from  mco to the border  which i successfully fought  t…
slashing housing assistance programs  spending tens of thousands of dollars on furniture  removing anti-discriminat…
rudy giuliani says  realdonaldtrump s son-in-law jared kushner is  disposable   is it iron…
rt  cbseveningnews   i call him my best medicine   today marks 5 years since the boston marathon bombings   dondahlercbs introduces us to…
happy thanksgiving  i hope everyone s day is filled with family  friends  food and fun  stay safe if you are traveling 
according to  sandyhook promise  most mass shootings are planned for 6 months to 1 year  most people who die by sui…
one of my first jobs was in a male-dominated industry selling steel  it didn t matter if i performed well  if not b…
 otd  in 2003  2013 & 2015  we witnessed incredible  scotus  victories for l g b t equality 
nathan  who is 7 years old  attended my  coffee with your congresswoman  event in orlando to share his thoughts on…
great visit yesterday to brooks middle school in bolingbrook with the students who take part in  girlswhocode 
we need a national approach to confront the threat of gun violence  i believe president trump and congressional lea…
the trump administration isn t just cutting a hole in our social safety net - they re selling it entirely in order…
rt  housedemocrats  the  sotu  address is tonight  follow us on snapchat to see democrats  reactions 
never doubt the ability of our youngest generation to lead the way  this weekend we remember the the children in bi…
it shouldn t take another mass shooting for us to deal with this crisis  students are dying every day in and out of…
enjoying the holi festival and earth day celebration recently held in queens by the hindu temple society of north a…
rt  housecommerce  watch now  sub environment looks at the impact of wildfires in the west on air quality &gt &gt 
it was an honor attending the  unlvvets graduation  congratulations  class of 2018  and thank you for your service…
 fcc without net neutrality  big corporations could have an unfair advantage over america s smallbiz  we are stron…
thank you members of  liuna  liunalocal78 who visited my office this week to discuss union and labor issues   ny13… 
unbelievable turnout for today s regional vitality summit in waseca  can t tell you how much i appreciate you takin…
i toured the coos bay  uscg station earlier today and saw their lifesaving boats - including one that was heading o…
i spent yesterday talking to folks in concho about the issues impacting the white mountains and eastern  az01   than…
to all of the hard working  loving and strong moms out there  happy mothers day 
rt  craigseasholes  amen  we are proud of  repjayapal for her tireless work for our communities  and especially for those needing advocacy…
a not so fun fact about  mickmulvaneyomb  congress must defend c f p b 
rt  sarahbrosario  wow  look at the march for our lives turnout in tampa  florida has already passed tougher laws but these students say it…
since parkland shooting  we ve seen unprecedented wave of student-led activism around gun safety  students are push…
rep  cicilline joins federal  state and local officials to outline vision for economic growth and new jobs in pawtu…
30 600 workers in texas are salvadoran  tps  holders  without them   1 8 billion would be lost from state gdp annual…
 shannon_patrick  michele4me it is a great tool which allows you to search by issue  you can also just tweet me and…
happy birthday  repspeier  i hope you enjoy your special day  🎂🎉
our nation s farmworkers are some of the most indispensable  hardworking people in the country   1/3 
a question on immigration status in the census will strike fear in the hearts of immigrant communities  skewing the…
great support here in los angeles blue wave is coming
rt  anneneville1  a moment on tour of  nfugrr leaves visitors teary-eyed as they walk in the shoes of freedom seekers   tubmanugrrnps  set…
rt  repbeatty  i am proud to wear this f rating pin today and every day  it stands for  fiercely fighting for families affected by gun viol…
today we must support youth who are marching for their lives  we cannot allow this to be just a moment in time  it…
pleased to speak at the portrait unveiling honoring my friend  hildasolis for her time as  usdol secretary & pay tr…
congrats to the tenth district s newest eagle scouts  i was glad to join your court of honor ceremony today in buff…
happy to join my sisters in atlanta where black women of all backgrounds  experience  and expression are gathering…
america is the bread basket of the world and the richest country that has ever existed  we must have it in our budg…
the new  nmaahc is the only national museum devoted exclusively to document african american life  history  and cul…
i am holding mobile constituent services hours this month in hollister  watsonville  and greenfield  for more infor…
rt  kqkellyq  make sure you call your congressional member and tell them to not cut food assistance programs for hungry central florida fam…
after months of fear  daca  has been saved theyre americans in every sense except for a piece of paper now we must work 2 get them that paper
join me next saturday for the farmers roundtable at the tallahassee community college center for workforce develop…
 ne02   do you have unneeded or expired prescription drugs  for take back day drop them off at a safe location  see …
want to make an impact in the promise zone in hartford  consider applying for a position with americorps vista  the…
the young people pictured here—and millions more across the country—are bringing new vision  perspective & energy t…
wow  what an exciting moment we experienced in our history w/ these young people who are leading a revolution  i m…
i opposed the fisa amendments reauthorization act   we must reform our surveillance programs to accomplish dual goa…
on a legal and level playing field  american steelworkers can compete with anyone in the world  and the u s  govern…
rt  housejuddems  rm  repjerrynadler    housegop have no time for substantive oversight of the trump administration  or election security …
my statement on the coalition airstrikes in syria
today is teacher appreciation day and i thank my high school history teacher  mr  waters  and every other teacher th…
  keithellison  we won t give up until we bring back our girls  4 years too long
listen here to this morning s supreme court case trump v  hawaii  that wasn t so hard to provide same-day audio  no…
rt  madkenney  loyola fans have come out in full force march madness
at&t confirmed they paid big money for insights into trump s administration  is there any question why this adminis…
today s not just another saturday  it s veterans day  find some way to show your appreciation to a veteran today 
as americans  it is our duty to respond when our democracy is attacked  the dnc is filing this lawsuit because russ…
no one should be the victim of identity theft and defending our children must be a top priority  i m pleased the ho…
last week  i enjoyed reading to students at elementary schools in yerington  schurz and hawthorne  i also had the p…
    this provides two years of funding for screening  preventative care  mental health services  and other essentia…
on teacher appreciation day  i join my colleagues in honoring teachers for their lasting contributions in the lives…
 realdonaldtrump and what does  realdonaldtrump do on these trips  🏌️ golf – a lot  /3
rt  nrdems  the trump admin has been actively working to eliminate environmental laws that protect our air  water  land and wildlife  thi…
as a single mother  i know how hard it can be to keep our kids healthy  safe & well fed  the last thing moms need t…
rt  housejuddems  under ag sessions  the  thejusticedept has taken a sharp turn away from the evidence-based policies & priorities establi…
rt  waysmeanscmte    reprichardneal and  repsandylevin are leading a bipartisan effort to protect medicare recipients from the opioid epide…
rt  votolatino  join us for  hhma  during hispanic heritage month and help mobilize our community  sign up 
thank you  tennessean and  davidplazas   dickersonfors20 and i are honored to be the newspaper s first champions of…
now we learn that as many as 87 million people could have had their data exposed  additional information will be se…
the senate must prevent the continued attacks on our freedoms  stop duncan
happening today at metro 
supporting the nursing community has been a great privilege  thank you to  anacalifornia for your california public…
breaking  dr  ronny jackson withdraws from consideration as  deptvetaffairs secretary 
i stand with our transgender service members  and i pray that they will not lose heart  they must know that we love them  we respect them 
thanks steve for this reminder  please remember to register to vote 
tomorrow  i will be hosting open office hours at my flagstaff office  view the details below to make an appointment 
the internet is for everyone  that means no throttling  no blocking  and no paidprioritization  proud to support…
thanks to the american federation of teachers massachusetts for your support of my candidacy for congress  mapoli
despite the many challenges  there is cause for hope  through tremendous effort  strong expertise  and improved fun…
fema has removed references to climate change from its strategic plans  this makes every american less safe  fema i…
we re working with the inter tribal association of az to protect tribal communities  access to clean water 
amazing to have seven scouts bsa from troop 127  in my hometown of carmel valley  achieve the rank of eagle scout …
rt  eugene_scott    repbobbyrush to zuckerberg   why is the onus on the user to opt in to privacy and security settings  
to kick off sunshine week  here are 400 ways that  realdonaldtrump has created the most secretive and unethical pre…
 dcexaminer i m proud to introduce the next generation  ng  9-1-1 act of 2017  which will upgrade our nation s 9-1-…
important reminder  the re-registration deadline for haitians & salvadorans with temporary protected status is this…
i ve said it since the beginning  the g o p tax bill had a lot more to do with helping the big guys at the top than yo…
rt  aclufl  one in ten floridians are shut out of our democracy due to a felony conviction  we can change that  sign the petition today to…
rt  mattyglesias  here s a fun one for the imagine if files  obama announces he wants to let a chinese company off the hook for violating…
rt  officialcbc  join us on tuesday  may 8  2018 from 9 am - 5 pm est for c b c demands justice – a twitter town hall on community policing an…
rt  repjimmypanetta  proposed changes will impact 23 000 active duty military households across the country enrolled in  snap   our military…
read rep  tulsi gabbard s latest e-newsletter for updates on supporting the people of kauai  calling for accountab…
no better example of why we need continued support for historical sites where the rights of japanese americans were…
rt  theatlantic   our battle cry is  let my people vote    in a 1965 editorial  martin luther king jr  urged the passage of the voting righ…
what a sweet thank you card from the students at jefferson middle school  i had the pleasure of meeting with them l…
rt  energycommerce  icymi  rm  frankpallone urged  epascottpruitt to finalize a ban on methylene chloride – after pruitt s efforts to delay…
rt  reprokhanna    repjohnconyers & i penned an oped on voting rights  we must protect the right to vote of all americans  https //t co/mse…
if you re reading this  remember to thank a teacher  teacher appreciation week
the recent mckinsey study makes clear that we simply are not spending enough on affordable housing  it s not just a…
 fascinationpol  fpdct  fudps  fairfieldu you seem nice 
just two days after womens march  president trump s choice to reinstate the global gag rule reminds us why we must fight to protect our care
with time running out   senatedems are close to forcing a vote to block the trump administration from repealing…
today we all remember those that served and those that gave the last full measure of devotion 
rt  scottwongdc   more recess   some little  md08  constituents lobbying  repraskin in the halls of congress this morning
  epascottpruitt is currently under at least seven separate independent federal investigations  he needs to be held…
i am not quite sure who it is democrats are actually supposed to be negotiating with  it definitely isn t trump  th…
celebrated the opening of new hangar at  104fighterwing today with  massgovernor   senwarren   adjutantgenma  treme…
intentionally spiking  aca  premiums 20%-25% is criminal   realdonaldtrump is putting  winning  above american lives…
celebrating israel s 70th independence day today with the israeli-american council  congrats
with  genentech  our region s biotech industry continues to grow  bringing new opportunity to the region and new me…
unilaterally walking away from this agreement — and thereby ignoring the concerns of some of our most trusted partn…
good news  all three  ipsd204 high schools are ranked among the top 25 high schools in illinois - a testament to o…
this tax day  my republican colleagues are heralding their g o p tax scam law  which *raises* taxes on 86 million midd…
using individuals  private data against their will or without their knowledge is unacceptable  i will be working my…
polluting pruitt s time at the  epa  has been mired with secrecy  conflicts of interest & a waste of taxpayer    his…
rt  drsaksel  after meeting w/ his staff during  acogaction  2018clc   just got word that  repjoecrowley is signing on as a cosponsor to  hr… 
rt  brendankrose   reprichmond  ladepthealth  nwlc  aarplouisiana  nationalcouncil bottom line  the cost of health care of thousands of ol…
flashback friday  chatting with  majicatl  praise1025  hot1079atl about my health fair tomorrow at mundy s mill hs…
rt  kimberlyeatkins  joining  hardball soon  so is  repjoekennedy  it s a bay state-heavy show  tune in 
donald trump promised to reduce the high cost of prescription drugs  but as president  he has done nothing to addre…
rt  thegrio  follow the money auntie maxine  maxine waters calls for trump s ties to deutsche bank to be investigated 
day 22 of womens history month -looks like congress is going to vote on an omnibus bill  rush to the airport & not c…
sorry to miss the 41st annual rhode island black heritage ball tonight   ribhs_events
a mind to work  
the  speakerryan long game  ✔️pass a tax scam that shifts wealth to the ultra-wealthy ✔️manufacture a crisis over…
the g o p tax scam adds  1 8 trillion to the national debt so that corporations  not people  pay fewer taxes  savings…
i ll keep going to bat for the firefighters – just like i ve always done— but it s time the city council step up an…
congratulations for the  seattletimes for winning the pulitzer prize for breaking news coverage
rt  taxmarch  🔴 live  tune in to our trump tax town hall in chicago this morning with  nancypelosi   janschakowsky   repdannydavis   revjja…
until may 15th only - individuals can apply for the housing choice voucher interest list for  fresnocountyca &…
until i got to congress  the federal reserve had never had an independent audit in its 100-year history  wall st fo…
 uscbo    and a prohibition on local governments creating stronger protections against pesticide runoff than the lo…
this week  team kind cheered on jessika greendeer as she was sworn in as the new post commander for the american le…
thank you  pspateleyemd  so grateful to have you &  emoryeyecenter here giving free vision & glaucoma screenings 
so proud of the hundreds of dc-area students demanding action to end gun violence  looking forward to rallying with…
rt  repbarbaralee  as a single mother who relied on food stamps to help feed my boys  i can t overstate how offensive this proposal is  low…
rt  housedemocrats  happy teacher appreciation day to those patient souls who taught us how to read and write  and plenty of other lessons n…
the 2020 census data will determine our cities  budgets for 10 years  allocating resources for transportation & edu…
 jabachman  saveanimals thank you for voicing our shared concern  i have already joined as a sponsor of this bill …
rt  whiphoyer  yesterday  the make it in america listening tour included a hands-on tour with  repmarkpocan at mallinckrodt s stratatech site…
-food stamps -pell grants -medicare -medicaid the gop will put them all on the chopping block after the g o p tax scam explodes the deficit 
i wish to congratulate the university of texas rio grande valley for being awarded  22 000 from the national   
ice accused of lying about immigration raids  tri-caucus leaders call for hearings/investigation  wten-tv…
i took some time to share my experiences in congress with  providencecol leadership development program students an…
if you re trying to watch  sotu  - it is being live streamed here ⬇️
the automatic gunfire prevention act would ban the sale or possession of bump stocks like those used by the shooter…
rt  cspan    repalgreen   after twelve noon today  i will present articles of impeachment  
i joined  repleezeldin on a panel at  aipac2018  to discuss fighting back against the politically motivated bds move…
jeffery ballard  an rn  vamanchester  will throw out the first pitch at the redsox game on nurse appreciation nigh…
rt  housejuddems  🚨breaking🚨   repjerrynadler   jacksonleetx18 &  repcohen condemn sessions  marijuana policy reversal
i firmly believe that when women succeed  america succeeds  i am so proud of all of the democratic women across the…
incluir una pregunta sobre ciudadanía en los formularios del censo 2020 sólo reprimirá la participación y resultará…
if passed  this bill would make the eradication of violence against women a central piece of the united states   
you can see the recipe for my third place  spam good hotdish  on my website →https //t co/htpjesqx0u
joining  alexwitt shortly to talk about safeguarding our elections against foreign interference  tune in on  msnbc
save net neutrality from the fcc s disastrous decision to limit a fair internet for all  our open internet is crucia…
proud to be joined tomorrow by chicago s ron lofton  sr 
i look forward to working with the residents of ventura county to move our county and our country forward over the next two years   ca26 
rt  senatormenendez  i will not let bigots co-opt cesar chavez s birthday  republicans have been blocking my resolution to honor chavez s…
fantastic crowd at the democrats of northfield township luncheon today 
rt  andyweirauthor  insight has successfully launched and begun it s journey to mars  it ll land around november 26th  if successful  the…
rt  officialcbc    realdonaldtrump s medicaid proposals will take the rug out from under poor and working class americans  a yearof trump ht…
rt  hardball   we have to recognize is that it becomes awfully hard to put forth a viable infrastructure plan when you have an administrati…
paging  speakerryan  my constituents can t buy any of these basics at the food lion in columbia   sc… 
i cannot say this enough  immigrants are the constant revitalization of america  to not accept that is to reject a…
it s always great to stop by the watts gang task force and provide an update on my work in congress  i m thankful f…
this national treasure was never meant to be a hidden gem  can t believe the governor obstructed these signs for so…
in our letter  we list six potential options to lower health care costs for illinois residents and make clear that…
veterans resource information fair tomorrow at  mercedcollege  learn about the services & resources the 1st lt  pe…
big news- my amendment prohibiting federal funds for unsafe child care centers is included in the omnibus bill pois…
jobs in emerging tech grew by 20% in mass last year – but after the g o p tax scam  we have  1 5 trillion less to inve…
rt  housesbcdems  after gathering feedback from a diverse array of small business owners  committee democrats spearheaded two bills that pa…
rt  sxmprogress  live now   repmarkpocan returns to the  msignorile show to talk all about the mc cabe firing  spending bill  mueller invest…
rt  cgrisales   we need to recruit fully from all that this country offers   rep   nikiinthehouse told a panel of military officials today …
i shared my family s famous teriyaki sauce with the good people at roll call  they repaid me by asking for the secr…
what s a good mothers day present  affordable  high-quality care that empowers and supports women  let s start today 
wanted  new va sec  requirements  conservative talking head and puppet for privatization plan hatched by billionair…
if your  daca  expired on or after the september 5  2016 you may submit a daca renewal application  apply with uscis…
if the trump administration ultimately tries to open our coasts to new offshoredrilling  we will see them in court 
sw or overwhelmingly supports protections for the smith river--any effort to overturn them is an overstep by dc 
recent accidents in hoboken  new jersey  washington state  south carolina  and west virginia  show that our rail sa…
rt  fema  harvey is bringing dangerous storm surge  high winds  and the potential for inland flooding  take evacuation orders seriously  h…
 tbt  to 1987  when i served in the washington state senate
to the students who are making their voices heard  i hear you  i support you  i will fight for you  enough is enough
  mhdcd8 is right - we need a plan to take local programs that are working and saving lives and implement them acro…
rt  nancypelosi  our brave men & women in uniform who make sacrifices every day deserve better leadership from their commander-in-chief ins…
i met so many amazing people today in parkland from all over the country  their words and actions were inspiring …
this is commonsense  bipartisan reform that will make our state safer  while protecting the due process rights of all delawareans 
it s  miaw  & the 8th anniv of the mental health & addiction equity act  we ve come a long way  but still more to do on mental health parity 
be safe everyone 
rt  prochoicecaucus  more than four million people depend on title x for birthcontrol and family planning   potus  efforts to undermine th…
rt  repjasonlewis  great to be recognized for the work i m doing on juvenile justice reform with my colleague rep  bobby scott  d-va  in th…
trump still hasn t nominated a director for the violence against women office at the justice department
these emails  reported by  alexcguillen of  politico  date from last fall when pruitt was still only the subject of…
cleverly named  but insidiously drafted  the so-called  right to farm  state ballot initiative in oklahoma was simi…
i ve cosponsored legislation to protect federal workers  pay during the shutdown 
thankful for  reprubengallego s leadership on this issue  proud to join him in introducing the corrupt act today …
rt  hispaniccaucus  what s the total percentage of hispanics in the tech sector  only 7% of employees & 3% of executives are hispanic   div… 
trump pardons  scooter  libby in cia leak case  libby leak
the middlesex habitat for humanity in collaboration with the norwich vet center is seeking a veteran family to fil…
this proposed partnership is a really big deal  the port of wilmington has long been a center of good-paying— jobs…
  realdonaldtrump has moved to allow new drilling in federal waters off the coast of ca for the first time in more…
the house just passed a defense bill that supports our troops w/ pay raise of 2 4% & prevents a new brac  read abo…
there are too many damn guns in america  that s why i m excited to host a town hall tonight on gun violence and sch…
rt  reprobinkelly  there are already too many empty chairs at the dinner table  congress must listen to the will of the people & take actio…
i agree with  rushernbaker  time for  gop congress to appropriate the funds 
 yorgo1960  realdonaldtrump a better deal to rebuild america is a good starting point 
the g o p tax plan will put an unfair burden on working families to give tax breaks to the wealthy  low and middle-inc…
i sit on  transport  transportdems  last summer  the committee approved faa bill that included provisions to addres…
rt  housedemwomen  on average  women are paid just 80 cents for every  1 paid to male counterparts  for women of color  the wagegap is muc…
i am very disappointed in the judgement handed down by the indianapolis civilian police merit board that leaves aar…
all of the sudden  trump and republicans are concerned about  properly classified and especially sensitive passages…
rt  whitehouse   i believe our sorrow can make us a better country  i believe our righteous anger can be transformed into more justice & mo…
trump s transgender ban was seen for what it really was  a baseless act of discrimination against our transgender…
addressing racial bias in policing is a top priority  in addition to implementing reforms that lend to the hiring o…
new funding for wastewater infrastructure is going to have a real life impact in rural america  i have seen firstha…
rt  hispaniccaucus  the decision to add a citizenship question to the 2020 census will have long-lasting consequences for cities & states a…
rt  reptimwalz  the fact  realdonaldtrump &  secshulkin planned to move money from a program that helped reduce the number of homeless vet…
anoche en congreso  organizado por  hispaniccaucus  recordamos a las víctimas de orlando 
rt  housedemocrats  house democratic leaders host their weekly press conference  tune in ↓
the trump administration s plan would rob americans at the gas pump and risk our childrens  health by polluting th…
rt  ny1  new york officials including  cbrangel and  repjoseserrano reflect on fidel castro s revolutionary legacy 
our day of action kept going strong in allston and brighton  rep  mike moran   repkevinhonan  councilor  markciommo…
rt  cmtmosqueda  tonight  join  momsrising kristin rowe-finkbeiner and  repjayapal at  elliottbaybooks at 7pm for an important discussion o…
a good read on workers day   want to make america great again & keep factories in the united states  try strength…
rt  defendourfuture  happening now  join us as we talk with  repmceachin about climatechange  environmentaljustice  the paris climate agr…
he is a disgrace to the office of the presidency  americans can t believe anything he says and neither can our alli…
high school students  would you like to see your artwork hanging in the halls of the u s  capitol building  there s…
individuals and businesses with a filing or payment due date of april 17 will now have until midnight on wednesday …
rt  oversightdems  just in  justice department contradicts republican claims on uranium one - doj provided a key briefing to the committees…
i want to wish everyone a safe and happy july4
rt  repjohnlarson  ⚡️newsflash  social security is insurance that the american people have paid for  10k baby boomers a day become eligible…
terminating  daca  is cruel and unconscionable  i want our d r e a mers to know that i stand with them  we must protect d r e a mers 
rt  oversightdems  just in  top democrats ask who at doj improperly tried to classify official s handwritten notes on president trump s ca…
can you feel the blue wave  stormthe midterms nwgsdpdx
rt  katereports   repderekkilmer has asked  deptvetaffairs to respond within 90 days with suggested solutions to the va loan problem  i ll…
nor has  housegop brought const l amdt to overturn  scotus  citizens united decision & stop special-interest money from buying elections  /3
rt  uwchr  thanks  repjayapal for your support  read more about the issues we re investigating  f o i a friday
fifty years ago today  we lost one of our greatest leaders  his fight for civil rights and economic justice lives o…
that s why i introduced a bill transferring control of the cemetery from the city of vallejo to the va to help ensu…
i m joining  squawkcnbc tomorrow morning at 6 30 am et to discuss syria and other news of the week  i hope you can tune in 
pruitt hidding the fact that he s renting a condo from a lobbyist who s clients are regulated by the epa is the lat…
pres trump is once again undercutting health coverage for the american people – this time by announcing that states…
the  naparegister was honored with 8 1st place and 9 2nd place awards for their coverage of our district this past…
after explicitly ignoring millions of americans supporting net neutrality   fcc voted to dismantle equal access to…
rt  nancypelosi  republicans need to stop misleading americans and tell the truth  their tax plan will raise taxes on middle class families…
the g o p tax scam increases health care costs  explodes the deficit and raises taxes on middle class families  becaus…
innovative programs like the edna mckenna community corrections center are a critical part of tackling the opioid e…
you can erase references to climate change all you want  but it doesn t stop it from impacting our national securit…
rt  janschakowsky  i m standing with my colleagues to protect mueller and the integrity of our justice system  we must allow special counse…
rt  repcicilline    housedemocrats are coming together at 9 15 am et to unveil our plan for a better deal on infrastructure  be sure to tune…
last week  i was humbled to present medals to five of our nation s heroes and their families  click to watch 
rt  dougomalleyenj   frankpallone says that we shouldn t take interior secretary zinke at his word that they are backing off drilling off n…
i am especially proud of tonight s graduates because they represent the promise of this country and will play an im…
we don t need a citizenship question  we need an accurate census to guide how many seats in the house of representa…
the g o p tax scam was not written for middle-class workers  in california  the top 5% of earners get 65% of the tax…
rt  secretservice  the u s  secret service expresses sincere condolences to the family of mrs  barbara bush  the epitome of class and grace…
rt  repcohen  tomorrow morning i ll join judiciary ranking member congressman  jerrynadler  congresswoman  jacksonleetx18 &  housejuddems f…
honored to attend the friends of the portsmouth juvenile court s pinwheel garden dedication ceremony with portsmout…
rt  apwagovaffairs  apwa board of directors member kathleen davis and  repdennyheck this afternoon discussing publicworks and infrastruct…
rt  samstein  senator leahy calls on senator grassley to hold an emergency hearing on the politicization of doj   never before have i bee…
 i ve only just a minute  only sixty seconds in it  forced upon me  can t refuse it  didn t seek it  didn t choose…
awesome   a phenomenal leader & extraordinary person  
read my statement on the airstrikes in syria here 
another top pollutingpruitt aide just resigned 
investing in public schools ensures all our kids have the building blocks they need to reach their potential  my te…
this is just another great example of what we can do when federal and local officials work together to bring resour…
rt  officialcbc  cbc unveils bill aimed at public schools  infrastructure jobs and justice
happy to meet with f l07 s  congressionalac winner  carlson sharpless  in dc today  carlson designed an app called…
rt  repdwstweets  millions of seniors count on medicaid for their retirement & assisted living facilities  trumpcare will cruelly strip th…
rt  launitedway   everyone in is a campaign to lift up yimbyism  the people who say yes in my back yard    supjanicehahn
rep  cohen  trump  despicable   should apologize for mccain comment via  msnbc
corporate special interests and right-wing donors are spending millions to undermine labor unions and divide worker…
this vindictive lawsuit shows the trump admin s guiding principle is to wreak havoc at all costs  we have to trust…
rt  repdonbeyer  8 years after the deepwater disaster  deepwater horizon s lessons about offshore drilling are clear  - danger to our envi…
rt  jstreetdotorg  live now   america first or america alone  the erosion of diplomacy under the trump administration   larafriedmandc of…
rt  wbaltv11  rep  john sarbanes weighs in on sotu address
rt  mypareanetwork  it s fun to be greek 
this week is national retirement planning week  social security is the foundation of our nation s retirement system a…
i joined  teamsterslu122 today to highlight the importance of hr 4444 - the rehabilitation for multiemployer pensio…
thank you to all the new yorkers participating in today s bodega strike in support of the yemeni american community…
3  dhsoig also gave general findings of report  including  1   customsborder was given no warning on issuance of t…
wishing a fast and healthy recovery for first lady melania trump 
as a lifelong educator i support safe school environments for  lgbt  students  schools must ensure equal access for all back to school
just left a bipartisan meeting with  realdonaldtrump and several of my democratic colleagues in both the house and…
honored to be named co-chair of a new bipartisan working group on response to the parkland shooting w my friend…
outrageous  this announcement is another example of this administration s extreme ideological agenda getting in the…
rt  annaengelbrech5  this is most important  the silent mass shootings that happen all the time 
the  nra raised  2 4 million in march to support candidates who block common-sense gun laws  oh  also  the  all-a…
republicans are voting on the g o p tax scam conference report so they can sign it into law before christmas  i m voti…
update  mandatory evacuations lifted in parts of sonoma county 
so great to catch up with four interns who have worked with me in my dc and district office  thank you for all the…
rt  supportkind  thank you  rosadelauro for bringing together experts to show how ice enforcement has cruelly targeted families and destroy…
what are republicans in congress working on this week  rolling back protections against discrimination in auto lend…
horrified to hear of the tragic events today in new milford  these events are becoming all too common in our commun…
this terrible proposal from  betsydevosed and the trump administration would harm student borrowers and override st…
closing arlington s social security administration office  with its proximity to metro  will inflict hardship on pe…
day 23 of womens history month - did you know employees only win about 20% of arbitration cases  and those who do su…
rt  ryanjreilly  trey gowdy threatens to subpoena the head of doj s civil rights division over questions on census   srl 
 realdonaldtrump skips funerals for victims of mass shootings  didn t commend james shaw  the good guy  without a g…
rt  mhfirstaidusa  founder and chair of the congressional mental health caucus rep   gracenapolitano swung by to show her support for  mhfi…
as a state with 20% of the earth s fresh water  michigan shouldn t lead the nation in water contamination  proud t…
rt  motherjones  sulfur dioxide damages lungs  and scott pruitt is letting more of it in our air
what an honor to recognize rutherford fire department on their 100 year anniversary  did you know they have been in…
 dyk  women who experience sexual harassment at work are 6 5x more likely to change jobs than women who do not – oft…
here s what we know  -russia conducted concerted efforts to hurt clinton & help trump -the trump campaign was eage…
i share their passion for change  they and all americans deserve so much better 
rt  repveasey    potus   housegop   senategop  roses are red  violets are blue  d r e a mers are americans  just like you  ❤
 uncle_jimbo this victim was only hit in the back of his leg  it killed him  pretty well  
we need to do more to support local food systems & help the next generation of farmers  ag day
rt  foxnews    repswalwell   the investigation is very much under control   cavuto
congratulations   goldenknights  vegas born
rt  officialcbc    hrc c b c demands justice
thank you to the  oregonfirechief association for the great discussion about how we can work together to keep our c…
coming up next on  gooddayatlanta with  sharonlfox5 & talking about my 15th annual jobs fair  tune in 
without access to clean water  food  and medical supplies  people will get water-borne illnesses and vulnerable populations may die 4/8
a fitting tribute to a leading literacy advocate
rt  hnmatthews  thank you  rosadelauro for bringing attention to children of immigrants 
rt  hopelatinas  congresswoman  lorettasanchez welcomes us to her district  ypsummit hopelatinas
i honor the life of linda brown  whose courage opened america s eyes to show separate did not mean equal  her lega…
at  schottusa with management team and workers to help announce their continued investment in southbridge lighting…
in a few minutes  i ll ask tough questions of facebook ceo mark zuckerberg about what must be done to better prote…
deported army vet hector barajas-varela just received news that he will become a citizen after he was deported to t…
discussing the federal response to hurricanes irma and maria w/ doug canton & herb schoenbohm  vistrong
republicans promised big tax breaks for americans  but instead  it s the nation s six biggest banks who have benefi…
inmigración es un asunto de los derechos de la mujer  aquellas mujeres buscando asilo o sin estatus legal  las cues…
 otd  1983  president reagan finally signs bill making b-day of martin luther king jr  a legal holiday & setting it as 3rd mon of jan 
rt  uw_rowing  more to come later on but to once again wrap up the morning  washington won 8 out of 10 at cal  win…
the republican agenda in two headlines 
access to nutritious meals is an absolute necessity  and it s shameful that some of my colleagues are talking about…
we stand with the next generation of america s leaders and everyone who turned out all over the world today to dema…
the students at stoneman douglas aren t just seizing the moment  they are starting a movement  together  we will el…
when you see stories like this—there are many—it s always important to remember  realdonaldtrump s  blind trust  is…
yet another finding of intentional discrimination  statement on state house redistricting from  lsptex 
rt  fema  if sheltering in place for hurricane harvey  📢listen to officials 📱let family know you re okay 🔋charge devices
dreamers built their lives here  and we need a legislative solution to allow them to continue contributing to the c…
this saturday  we hope to see you there 💼
the following people are all registered republicans  special prosecutor robert mueller attorney general jeff sessi…
rt  whiphoyer  i visited  eacgov this week with  repraskin to hear about the commission s work to secure our nation s election infrastructu…
rt  reptimwalz  2 million people will have their access to food threatened if the  housegop passes their hyper-partisan farm bill  that s…
21st century community learning centers provide after school enrichment opportunities to over 18 000 minnesota stud…
rt  bluecollardems  the president s long-awaited infrastructure plan is all smoke and mirrors  another broken promise and missed opportunit…
on day of silence  we bring attention to the obstacles lgbtq students have faced and continue to face for expressing…
thank you for your love  friendship  and continued prayers  team rep takai
i couldn t be prouder to join you   repohalleran  investing in our teachers and education is an investment in ameri…
on yom hashoah  we remember the six million jews lost during the holocaust  we must always stand up and stand toget…
it shouldn t take another 17 deaths for congress to finally take action to prevent gun violence  i m calling on…
research consistently shows that people who have health insurance live longer  healthier lives  californians have o…
congress must investigate whether the  nra illegally used foreign donations to fund its political activity  accordi…
rt  donnayoungdc    repgenegreen  we cannot help those addicted if they don t have health insurance coverage or insurance that does not pro…
i m proud to be part of the bipartisan fight to save great lakes restoration initiative  we re talking about the loca…
just sent a letter to speaker ryan asking for an explanation  but it looks like he fired the chaplain for ministeri…
sat down with important voices for freedom and democracy this afternoon   cocofarinas  an iconic activist in cuba …
i just introduced a new bill w/  senbennetco to support the economies of our mountain communities  visitors from ar…
rt  dimitrakatsis  thank you  congressmanraja for celebrating the 5th anniversary of chia with  hellenicleaders and  ajcglobal  chia2018  ht…
rt  vtstateparks  a good time was had by all at the ice fishing festival held at bomoseen state park over the weekend   vt  vermont fishi…
after the 9/11 attacks   elissaslotkin felt called to serve  she ended up doing 3 tours in iraq  now  she s answeri…
cara 2 0 which i introduced in the house w/ marshablackburn  reptimryan &  reptommacarthur would expand access to m…
yes  congratulations  soundersfc  m l s cup
rt  repjayapal  the senate is voting on net neutrality today at 3pm est  access to a free and open internet is a racial justice issue  me…
rt  enoughproject  thx to those taking a clear-headed view of progress in congo gold & conflict free  senatordurbin …
indeed  if  potus wishes to redirect  1 billion  there are far better uses of taxpayer resources to build infrastructure in the   
immigrant communities and cities like  nyc  have known this to be true all along  law enforcement must look out for…
what a wonderful night celebrating  parkhillnews and its staff  since 1961  this paper has helped create a more vib…
i absolutely support lifting the  cdcgov ban on studying gun violence  i already cosponsor legislation   hr1832   wh…
thank you  senatedems for your leadership   womens history month reminds us that progress has no autopilot feature …
womens history month is a time to recognize the brave contributions women have made in this country  and while we c…
the democratic victory in pennsylvania s special election  in a district trump won by 20 points  shows what we can…
meet kelli coleman & anika jackson  co-founders   thetendetroit    their journey began at spelman college and they…
at the  nyse for ireland day2018 with  ireland_inc  great conversation about the future of irish investment in the…
while we urge all countries to outlaw the dog and cat meat trade  we must also prevent this abhorrent practice from…
i m honored to succeed late congresswoman louise slaughter as the democratic co-chair of the bipartisan congression…
april is sexual assault awareness month  but for the survivors of abuse  their pain & experiences cannot be resolved…
rt  usglc   as we seek to confront the challenges of the 21st century    development finance can be a powerful tool in our toolkit    [it]…
rt  wildlegacy  thank you  lorettasanchez for prioritizing water issues & drought solutions on the housefloor thankyou
roundtables like these with law enforcement  first responders  and veterans are a key step in clawing back a better…
words cannot express how humble and grateful i am to receive an honorary doctorate from  bethunecookman during thei…
rt  rosadelauro  every day  more dreamers are losing daca protections   housegop needs to bring the d r e a m act to the floor for a vote  pro…
icymi - stock buybacks are double what they were at this time in 2017  as expected  special interests and the well-…
the g o p tax scam  trump budget  and the so-called p r o s p e r act all have one thing in common  putting corporate profit…
congrats to new orleans  own  pjmorton for scoring 2 grammy nominations for his 4th studio album gumbo 
join us at 8 00 pm tonight to talk about why we need to protect the special counsel investigation into russian elec…
i ll be on the house floor shortly to speak on the g o p tax scam  follow today s debate here
today is d e a take back find a collection site near you to safely dispose of unused prescription medication 
rt  tonyaustin_10  this is absolutely amazing  this is my buddy s son up to bat but please watch the catcher  let s make this guy known  👏👏…
i have walked through the halls of mercedes early college prep countless times as a student  a football player  a   
nh has been hard hit by the opioid epidemic but by spearheading innovative programs we can help lead the entire nat…
today s decision by  potus to withdraw from the jcpoa puts the world at greater risk of nuclear proliferation and s…
every day  thousands of dedicated state employees are on the front lines ensuring our safety  teaching our children…
couldn t miss the chance to see r b g movie  the moving story of a quiet warrior whose battles for justice and willin…
i voted no on gop spending bill because it didn t protect dreamers  no one wants a shutdown – we need a bipartisan…
team dutch s kendall met w/  md02  patients   and caregivers w/  plzsolvecfs championing research for  mecfs  aka chr…
rt  nationalnow  rep  maloney joins with enough is enough coalition groups to discuss efforts to combat workplace sexual harassment
i am pleased to join with  repohalleran during national teacher appreciation week in support of better teacher pay…
it was a joy to celebrate the 90th birthday of my good friend & former colleague  johndingell  you re one of a kind 
rt  repmaloney  as dean of the ny delegation   louiseslaughter made sure we all remembered our ny roots  here we are  republicans and demo…
rt  lcvoters  thanks  usrepkcastor for leading the fight to call out  epascottpruitt s anti-environment agenda  it s time for him to go   b… 
we cannot continue to run the government on a month-to-month budget  republicans  refusal to work across the aisle…
president trump is pushing our country toward another preventable war  putting dangerous campaign politics first  i…
tomorrow is national prescription drug take back day  a day when everyone is encouraged to take back their unused p…
i am happy to announce that simplefuel  winner of the  1 million h2 refuel h-prize that was created by a bill i aut…
has a single house republican called on rep  blake farenthold to resign  anyone 
honored to meet  tesu_edu s new president  dr  hancock  i have no doubt that my beloved alma mater is in good hands 
let s get this straight  president trump called john mccain a  loser  and the north korean dictator  honorable  …
plazo ¡extendido  el concurso de artes del congreso 2018 abierto a todos los estudiantes de escuela secundaria del…
i introduced legislation today with  repcharliedent that will ensure special counsel mueller is able to do his job…
today is the last day to register to vote in georgia for the 6th cd special election  do your part  register & vote 
education is the great equalizer  during public schools week  we recognize the dedicated public school teachers & st…
icymi  nearly 12 million people enrolled in 2018 health coverage under the aca a c a works
it s more important than ever that we acton climate  protect our coast  preserve our environment & create a…
 tbt   honored to host a briefing yesterday with  pcoschallenge to raise awareness for polycystic ovary syndrome …
this is not what american democracy looks like  unfortunately  this is exactly what trump s democracy looks like   …
justin from dupont has also had enough  and wants his sister to be safe  we need to listen to our students and pass…
at the end of today s board of supervisors meeting  i adjourned in memory of my longtime friend tom politeo  a nati…
heading to armed services committee hearing to talk about china s pursuit of emerging technologies and what it mean…
founded in 1895 in fort valley  georgia   fvsu is 1 of 10 hbcus in georgia and 1 of 2 hbcus in georgia s 2nd congre…
thanks for the recommendations  govmurphy  once selected  these 16 areas in south jersey will have the opportunity…
tracy k smith and i hope to see you there 
as a doctor  i know that a woman s health decisions should be between her and her doctor  thanks to the american co…
only congress can take effective action to control the rising cost of health care and prescription drugs  no americ…
if we want to stay competitive in this 21st century economy we ve got to stop shipping jobs overseas through bad tr…
use your voice to let  hhsgov know we are all paying attention and know that these  short term  plan are really jun…
the  nra just selected their next president  oliver north  in the 1980 s  he was convicted of lying to congress  no…
rt  anthonyjr_  exciting news  📣  repjoecrowley and  replindasanchez introduce house democrats  new spanish-language twitter account  follo…
tomorrow 4/26  our kauai outreach liaison  kaulana finn  will be available for one-on-one federal agency casework…
just 30 minutes left before this comprehensive discussion about gun violence and school safety begins  remember  if…
rt  tedlieu  more evidence then-candidate  realdonaldtrump & michael cohen conspired for cohen to make a  130k in-kind contribution to sile…
great to join  senatordurbin &  janschakowsky today to remind everyone in illinois about open enrollment this wedne…
rt  maddowblog  why would a bank lend hundreds of millions of dollars to donald trump given his bankruptcies and track record of not paying…
the administration should focus on the areas where there is bipartisan support and work with both republicans and d…
visited heron therapeutics hq  where they re developing pain reduction therapy that can be used as an alternative t…
it is unfortunate that instead of helping communities in need   realdonaldtrump and  epascottpruitt intend to cut p…
wasn t qualified the first time around  still isn t  senate shouldn t confirm someone to key environmental post who…
this is the third judge to rule against the trump administration s efforts to end the  daca  program and could mean…
the va department is the second-largest federal agency  we need a va secretary with steadfast leadership and clear…
i loved reading to these beautiful young minds this afternoon at easter seal head start  strong head start programs…
 google s supporting approach i ve called for  ensuring americans have the training/skills they need for future jobs
rt  votevets  navy veteran  senjohnmccain is a hero and we wish him a quick return to good health 
icymi last week marked the end of major debris removal from last year s fires  an important milestone as our commun…
democrats are working hard to protect our care against the gop sabotage of affordable healthcare 
today i spoke on the house floor in support of american maritime jobs through enforcement of the jones act  the jon…
the wage gap only widens for women of color  african american women earn only 63¢ and latinas earn only 54¢ for eve…
while the majority of hardworking americans won t notice any increase in their paychecks from the g o p tax scam  wall…
with heavy hearts we remember the 20 first graders and 6 educators and faculty members at sandy hook elementary sch…
this week s action steps--the first one is to circulate petitions for your favorite candidate 
congress needs to go back to the drawing board and write a tax law that actually helps middle-class families and sm…
rt  nationalnow  live at the enough is enough summit with  repmaloney
this week s action steps 
our national guard and reserve members deserve the same benefits as those they serve alongside  with this fix  all…
team peters joined the bella vista social club & caffe in torrey pines mesa to celebrate their 5 year anniversary a…
it was great chatting with you and thanks for all that you do for iowa s rural communities 
great meeting with  hrc today to discuss the challenges faced by the lgbtq community in central florida and across…
today we celebrate the lives of transgender people living openly and authentically  as well as those discouraged fr…
extending warm thanksgiving wishes to you and your family  in the midst of all the noise  i hope you are able to e…
our brave transgender troops serve our nation honorably each and every day   realdonaldtrump s order banning them f…
  sherpaclinical used an sba loan to expand to a second building where new packaging equipment and cold storage roo…
excited to celebrate the arts and the talented students in my district at the  peninsulamuseum during this year s…
rt  cspan    repalgreen impeachment resolution against president trump full video here 
good discussion at the  vicasfvalley annual congressional luncheon  census 2020  north korea  valley transportation…
it s workers memorial day – where we honor our neighbors who were injured or killed on the job  workplace safety & h…
check out our latest newsletter  how i celebrated small business week
rt  jamesshawjr9  thank you great meeting you all  let s keep inspiring and bringing ppl together
great roundtable w/ winners of westchester science & engineering fair  tremendous opportunity to hear from future l…
so today we take a moment of silence to honor the lives of echol  robert  and the brave workers  union leaders  act…
allowing bigotry to enter exam rooms is heartless  hateful and ignorant  trump admin continues to render civil righ…
i joined members of the southeastern ct chapter of the afl-cio to mark workers memorial day on saturday  tragically …
devastated by the news out of parkland  florida  our hearts are with the victims  their families and all involved …
first mexico was going to pay for it  then he admitted american taxpayers would have to pay for it  now he wants to…
heartbroken that we are learning about yet another school shooting  thinking of the victims of this tragedy and the…
minnesotans are optimistic people with vision  yes  there are critical issues we must address together  but our spi…
we must fight on  thank you  repjohnlewis for your words at  cocosouthla  it was an honor to show you my home 
i m ready and willing to do the work to open the government  but republicans are doing nothing to put an end to the…
on average  women are paid just 80 cents for every  1 paid to male counterparts  for women of color  the wagegap i…
rt  sensanders  the end of net neutrality would be a disaster for our country  for small businesses and for the free flow of ideas  my coll…
proud to join my problem solvers caucus friends in welcoming  senatorcollins &  sen_joemanchin to our bipartisan tea…
the nation is stuck in a deadly loop of gun violence 
it s been a pleasure to serve the constituents of the 7th district 
rt  vandahmier  rt  americanrivers thank you  repcartwright  replancenj7 for your bill addressing the need to plan &  prepare  for…
congratulations to queens native velina mitchell on becoming the new voice of the  mta  so great that someone from…
ann richards fought for civil rights in texas even prior to working for political campaigns in 1950 and later as co…
fattah team results/ 20 billion helping 11 million students
sir  the only one playing politics is you  what are you so desperate to hide 
and that s exactly why i am saying something  just because this happened does not mean i should exclude myself from…
thank you for your response   repgwenmoore &  officialcbc  & for highlighting the importance of federal investments…
have a happy and safe st patricks day 
haitians with  tps  working in the us contribute millions of dollars to social security  medicare & medicaid  save t p s
attn i-5 drivers  all southbound lanes of the i-5 will be closed between the 605 and norwalk blvd from 11pm to 5am…
today  i met with  pfanj_iaff to discuss the fundamental importance of afg and safer grants to the work that our fi…
for womens history month events  exhibits and historical materials check out
president trump has an especially important part to play  tragically  he is only reinforcing the status quo  which…
rt  repcohen  proud to stand w/reps  jerrynadler  jacksonleetx18&  housejuddems to introduce new bill to guard mueller investigation  we mus…
rt  jordanfabian  info dhs sec nielsen does not have  - how many national guard troops will be deployed to border - how long their deploym…
rt  thehill  dem lawmaker  giuliani s stormy daniels revelation could result in multiple felonies
thank you cecile for your constant  energetic fight to protect health care for women & families across america  your…
rt  joseph_marks_  meanwhile ranking member of  homelanddems  benniegthompson wants more details from dhs on how the ban is proceeding and…
the minnesota department of health announced today that any fish caught in lake elmo and any largemouth bass caught…
great news in the fy2018 government funding bill  after weeks of negotiations with house & senate rs  we ve been ab…
rt  funder  and the winner of the 2018 fake news awards is    the partnership of  realdonaldtrump   seanhannity  and the entire republican…
rt  nwkidney  don t miss out   repjimmcdermott will be at  patientcitizen s seattle regional meeting this saturday  nov  8 
president trump is sending a clear message through his radical immigration proposal  he does not see dreamers as pe…
families have a lot on the line with  speakerryan s g o p tax scam  according to  nytimes millions of middle class fam…
social security is the insurance that you paid for  thanks  senblumenthal  chrisvanhollen for introducing the senat…
proud to join  maxinewaters and  fscdems in an effort to rein in the big banks  /2
i am pleased that congress took action  via  nannburke
urban flooding frequently occurs outside the regulatory floodplain  and  fema maps don t always accurately indicat…
rt  scrubbedin  every flag you see represents a new jerseyan treated for firearm injury  univhospnewark by  njmsdeptsurgery surgeons since…
rt  kylegriffin1   america has been around for over two and a half centuries  an investigation of your personal attorney is not an attack o…
the reckless trump budget would strip healthcare from seniors by cutting medicare  medicaid and relies on mislead…
looks like former hhs secretary tom price is finally telling the truth about the g o p tax scam    repealing the indiv…
thank you to young ppl who came out to share perspectives at student town hall on gun safety  students in ventura c…
i will sign  repzoelofgren s letter  congress must authorize any use of military force in syria  regardless of whet…
speaking at  georgemasonu opioid conference  we are not immune to the opioid crisis in northern virginia  there are…
rt  mmfa  maxine waters demands twitter identify russian-linked accounts that targeted her district 
the family & medical leave act was signed otd 25 yrs ago  has provided &gt 100m americans opportunity to take time off…
the trump budget s cuts to transportation spending are larger than the entire trump infrastructure package  simply…
in wa  more than 1 900  americorps members getthingsdone  today i met with a team of  servewa members in tacoma wh…
i m opposed to corporations like nestle making millions of dollars by selling michigan s natural resources  not eno…
tonight  i ll watch as donald trump gives his first  sotu   he ll undoubtedly praise the tax bill that stole trillio…
the affordable care act guarantees that insurance companies cannot discriminate against americans with pre-existing…
when you stand up to bullying in any form  you re an upstander  let s be an upstander this…
be sure to stop by our family matters community resource fair to receive services like free blood pressure monitori…
honored & delighted to greet these albany symphony  albanysym musicians at the u s  capitol steps today after their…
why is the trump administration choosing to protect equifax instead of the 145 million consumers harmed by the comp…
i believe in work  we all believe in work  i am a strong proponent of workforce development programs  that s why th…
no surprise here -- vermont continues to lead the nation as the greenest state 
thank you to everyone who participated in and attended/viewed tonight s town hall on gun violence and school safety…
rt  emilyslist  our women s wins in virginia were just the beginning  more women than ever are running for office up and down the ballot  h…
amazing conversation with  ua_highschool students at civility tour stop 2  working hard to revive civility at scho…
on international womens day we honor the women who have blazed a trail for all of us  from science to civil rights …
happy st patricks day looking for some music to celebrate  check out lauren waldron from port angeles  who just earn…
my response to this morning s astonishing report  after concealing information from the public during the public co…
 allysshells net neutrality = free & open internet  fighting to save the internet for consumers & smallbiz 
this week we recognize nationalpublichealthweek  as co-chair of the primary care caucus  it is one of my prioritie…
my office & i are proud to have had  lorlandogil intern in our office this past semester he exemplifies the great q…
beginning in october  the president declined to certify that the sanctions relief under the jcpoa is  appropriate a…
as you may know  i vigorously opposed the recent tax bill  in response to the many questions and concerns you have…
happy national library week  our local libraries are great and vital resources to our communities  go visit one this…
climate change is real  that s why i ve put forward a plan to reduce harmful carbon emissions 
happy 25th anniversary to the family and medical leave act - a monumental victory for workers and families across t…
g o p tax scam the haves will have more  and everyone else will pay for it  trumponomics
when it comes to retirement  early planning can make all the difference   nrpw18 
rt  sustainableag  nobody has the heritage of work in this country as african american men -  repdavidscott responding to proposed work req…
i ve been working for years to increase federal support for apprenticeship programs like the one just announced by…
just wrapped an insightful roundtable with  nvar members on the need to restore net neutrality  national flood insu…
reminder  my office is accepting service academy nomination applications through this friday  10/27  more info …
kirk s advocacy & nancy s story--her incredible life  her tragic diagnosis  and her disappearance after wandering--…
i want a budget that meets the needs of our country  and without a commitment from speaker ryan to vote on a secure…
looking for life in the universe with  billnye 
as scientists around the nation gather today  i want to thank everyone who came out to the women in  stem  forum las…
the orlando area was the most-visited place in the us in 2017  and for good reason  proud to work in congress to en…
the white man who set off 6 bombs in texas was closely watched and then tailed by police until he went off the road…
in a few minutes  the house will vote on  hr4712    housegop s latest assault on women s reprorights  we are just h…
rt  bflobizfirst    wnylc is overseeing  restore the gorge   a  2 1 million project that seeks to bring the niagara gorge back to its origi…
 breaking  new trump russia collusion evidence unearthed  time for  housegop to create an independent commission  wha…
rt  sarahkliff  the senate tax bill  —cuts  25b annually from medicare —cuts medicaid enrollment by 5 million —raises aca premiums this i…
republicans and democrats agree that it s time to put politics aside and protect dreamers  i m proud to support thi…
 repryancostello when our background check system lacks domestic violence records from every state  abusers can buy…
this expansion means that good-paying jobs stay local and that  metra riders will enjoy upgraded railcars more quic…
spoke about western new york s efforts to embrace what is naturally ours and the important role of new markets and…
the oregon manufacturing innovation center is an innovative partnership between businesses & higher education that…
proud of all the visible women for making themselves known and sharing their beautiful art today  as chair of…
rt  shaunking  what i am about to share is one of the most egregious abuses of power in the criminal justice system i ve ever heard of  t…
sending best wishes to students from denver s east high school who are in washington for the we the people national…
to be clear  i would like very much to remain as ranking member  there is still much work to be done on core concer…
this rollback of the clean car standards will hurt american families — forcing them to spend more money on gas  inc…
i ll be speaking with residents of  fl07  all week  please join me  you can rsvp for one of my  coffee with your con…
rt  arimelber  notable as mueller investigates why a spendthrift candidate suddenly raised and spent so much for a one-day event 
rt  chrismurphyct  5 years ago this morning  the unthinkable happened in sandy hook  ask yourself today  what have i done since then  to ma…
rt  charlotteonder1   keithellison  tomperez  msnbc  cnn  arimelber about time  we need dems to fight back  no hands barred   tomsteyer h…
you re welcome 
my dream of playing on a major league baseball field came true last year when i played at the congressional basebal…
rt  nws  112 years ago today  the 1906 san francisco earthquake sent shock waves up and down the west coast and across the country  are you…
rt  bluecollardems  the american middle class built this country  nobody knows that better than vice president  joebiden  today  we were pr…
workers who earned  54 000 or less may qualify for the earned income tax credit  eitc   you can learn more about ei…
today is the last day of open enrollment through  coveredca  if you re looking for an affordable health care plan f…
i signed on to the special counsel independence protection act  which would shield mueller from being fired  he s…
we re continuing our jobs tour to learn from arizona businesses about what they need to grow and hire   citi is bri…
real estate deals with lobbyists  undermining the epa s core mission  and still no time to visit lake erie s troubl…
the disproportionate power of moneyed interests to influence public policy & election outcomes is deeply concerning…
i am ashamed  embarrassed and outraged by president trumps comments reported in the washington post  as an american…
dreamers are our future  today we all stand with them   usa  is their home 
got the chance to catch up with a bunch of kids from  haldane_minds in washington  these kids are our future and i …
i ll be joining our friend  alexwitt on  msnbc to talk about all the breaking news of the day and week  a lot to ca…
  housejudiciary has failed to conduct a single hearing to examine gunviolence and propose ways to prevent future…
  emmanuelmacron is right  a powerful nation stands by its commitments and understands that the best way to prevent…
congrats to  roslehtinen on her lifetime achievement award  i m proud to call her my friend and proud of the work w…
team peters updated kearny mesa planning group on the new medicare cards being sent out by  cmsgov next month  we a…
highway 14 helps keep  mn01  connected and our economy moving forward  disappointed that it was not selected for cor…
rt  davidplazas  the 29-year-old hero from waffle house shooting   i saw the opportunity and i took it  via  byjaso…
rt  housebudgetdems    repjohnyarmuth  gop spent months pushing their g o p tax scam instead of taking steps to avoid a trump shutdown  now th…
 usatoday this is incorrect  i currently represent indiana in congress  before that  my grandmother  julia carson d…
did donald also bring frederick douglass with him tonight 
the congressional review act has only been used 1 in history  regulations disapproved under the  cra  cannot be proposed again  5/
 the refusal to release his tax returns remains trump s most notable example of opaqueness  but it certainly is not…
the deadline to sign up for health insurance is midnight tonight  i encourage anyone in new hampshire who buys thei…
if you re good enough to put your life on the line for this country  you re good enough to be a citizen  it s shame…
rt  weareunidosus  thank you  repdarrensoto for joining us today to discuss the devastating effects the proposed cuts to snap would have on…
otd  8 years ago the deepwater disaster oil spill taught us important and unforgettable lessons about our fossil fu…
today  legislation was introduced that would ban the sale  purchase  and transfer of assault-style weapons in de …
we will fight back  we will persist to start the change we need in 2018 
your country needs you  right now  today  we need your courage in addition to your signature  sign a discharge peti…
rt  hispaniccaucus    speakerryan  let s  retire  the  daca  issue  we can assure our success by having a vote on the dream act or u s aact…
the g o p tax scam only puts more money in the hands of ma s top 5%  the commonwealth s working families deserves bett…
a mind to work   we can rebuild the walls  
heading to the house rules committee to testify on my amendment to the pro-yucca mountain bill coming to the floor …
following the energy of this weekend s marches on gun safety  we need action  congress needs to lead  and…
the frivolous lawsuit against me for displaying a pride flag outside my dc office was dismissed  these lawsuits att…
rt  fineout  u s  district judge mark walker blocks florida s current ban of forcing ex-felons to wait 5 years until they can get rights re…
this tragedy underscores critical issues-from the gunman s ability 2 access guns despite clear danger signs 2 the n…
thanks to everyone who came out for the relaunch of the bipartisan campaign finance reform caucus  as a co-founder…
this week is national volunteer week  i recently had the opportunity to volunteer at  stmarysdiningrm  serving meals…
hearing from wisconsinites is my favorite part of this job  thanks to everyone that joined my listening sessions in…
i ve introduced legislation  the next generation 9-1-1 act  to upgrade our nation s 9-1-1 call centers to better se…
our farmers and farm workers in california grow roughly 80% of the world s almonds  as an almond farmer in cali…
according to  usdot  cost of bringing our nation s rail & bus transit systems into a stateof good repair is estimated at  86 billion  1/
 icymi   reps  gabbard   reptedyoho introduce bipartisan resolution supporting us-nk diplomatic path to denucleariza…
d c statehood doubters—and republicans—take heed  16 seed umbc beat 1 seed uva in historic upset for unexpected wi…
the house is in session this week  here s what we re scheduled to vote on
happy new year  i wish everyone the best in the new year and i am honored to continue serving you in 2018 
census experts say the citizenship question could lead to millions of people - including legal residents - not part…
the garden club of america knows we need a food and farm bill that works for everyone  i m excited to work with the…
rt  tusk81    reprubengallego on this exact move  last year   we must not allow resources to be robbed from our troops just to satisfy trum…
 the federal communications commission s own chief technology officer expressed concern wednesday about republican…
a moment of silence won t ease the suffering in parkland  fl  i m calling for swift passage of gun safety legislati…
rt  wbfo  high-power opposition has joined the fight against  siemens  decision to close its wellsville plant 
congratulations to my friend and shatterer of glass ceilings  senator  toniatkins  the newly elected president pro…
if you re in  ne02  and planning a trip to dc  my staff can help you schedule a capitol and white house tour  visit …
reminder  join us  today my office will be hosting a military service academy informational session in laredo for h…
great meeting with folks from  chamberqc who were in washington to advocate for local projects  including the i-74…
kicking off our first ever policy conference  new dem n e x t quiz  who called ideas  switchmen  determining the trac…
hear no evil  see no evil    house intelligence committee republicans find  no evidence  of trump campaign collusio…
rt  natresources  tonight  the house votes on  benniegthompson s bipartisan bill establishing a national monument at the mississippi home…
it s astonishing that  the party of fiscal responsibility  is pushing this proposal when debt is on track to overta…
we are accepting applications for summer internships and fellowships until may 1st  learn about politics and make…
 repcardenas thank you   repcardenas  we must continue to protect media diversity & consumer choice 
rt  housescience    housescience approves space exploration and entrepreneurship bills
the epa takes another major step to protect oil and gas polluters  we cannot rely on self-policing – we need real a…
the president s rx drug proposal is not just disappointing  it will have real consequences for mainers who struggle…
 the us has a huge stake in a growing  orderly and balanced world economy  and if the us does not lead–nobody will  https //t co/sq97fdj9zl
rt  housedemocrats  fifty years after the loss of his mentor and friend  dr  martin luther king  jr    repjohnlewis reminds us that real pr…
the omnibus spending bill boosts resources for critical priorities including pell grants  after school  childhood l…
have you voted yet  early vote texas is oct 24 until nov 4  now is the time to have our voices heard  visit
students cannot effectively learn if they are constantly worried or fearful of discrimination and harassment  let …
during small business week  i shared some the ways my san diego office can help small businesses grow and thrive  le…
loebsack leads legislation to invest  45 billion in combating opioid epidemic
rt  djusd  congratulations to davis senior high school student camilla jensen 
we used what we had to bring about a nonviolent revolution in america  and there is another revolution coming 
does anyone really think our president can be trusted when it comes to russia 
rt  secretarycarson  at 9am this morning  i am going to be joined by  staceyplaskett and  governormapp to announce  hudgov s long-term disa…
if you weren t able to catch this morning s news conference with nelson melgar  a dreamer who will be my guest at…
the g o p tax scam exploded the national debt in order to hand massive tax breaks to the wealthy and large corporation…
i m proud to be wearing all black tonight in support of the times up  movement   sotublackout 
today  i offered an amendment on house floor to waive local cost-share requirements for fema funds for puerto rico …
wishing a happy passover to all of those gathered around their seder table tonight  chag sameach 
we simply cannot drill our way to energy independence 
thank you for sharing your voice  langstonacarter 
  epascottpruitt is currently under three federal investigations 
the government funding bill fails to address critical needs in mass  and beyond  funding for community health cente…
the w a t e r use act incentivizes consumers to purchase & install residential h2o efficient products or services --&gt 
ending daca has deep impacts on our schools  both for dreamer teachers and for dreamer students too  congress must…
rt  repcuellar  america is true to its values when we protect d r e a mers   housegop  the d r e a m act is what our country deserves  we must pass…
this saturday  i m hosting a conversation on the future of the economy  environment  and education at the chicago b…
rt  huffpost  the u s  withdrawal from the iran nuclear accord plays right into the hopes and dreams of russian president vladimir putin  h…
rt  repjayapal  experience  skills  courage  calm from one of the first female fighter pilots in the navy  thank you  captain tammy jo shult…
i just came from a  oversightdems briefing with census officials about the proposed citizenship question for the…
trump s nomination for the nobel peace prize was apparently forged  twice  you think he dir…
what began as an el paso and community-wide effort decades ago to protect our environment  preserve our land and pr…
rt  oregondva  taking part in prescription drug take-back day can save lives and protect your loved ones veterans
happy 106th birthday   girlscouts  here s to another century of inspiring and empowering young women to lead fearle…
we can never let injustice win  congress must pass the dream act now and protect d r e a mers 
giving the american people direct and timely access to critical cases is key in our promotion of public discourse &…
we should be updating our policies so american workers have the tools they need to take advantage of the opportunit…
very proud to receive an endorsement from  eqca  the largest  lgbt  advocacy group in ca  equalrights  ca26 
i will be going live on  cnn at 1 05pm et to discuss the fragile north korean peace talks  trump s reversal on us s…
promesa provee un camino claro para q pr descarte su estatus territorial y lo reemplace con un estatus digno y democrático
rt  oversightdems  read it here   repcummings releases new fbi letter confirming white house was informed about allegations against porter …
senator  ronwyden and i are working to prevent the trump administration from manipulating hardworking americans  ta…
teachers are among our nation s most valuable assets  i m proud to support  repohalleran s resolution calling for r…
as we reflect on the march for our lives and continue demanding lifesaving action  here is my congressional report on…
important to remember  usa rights will not prevent the ic from uncovering plots against the us and saving potential…
rt  housedemocrats  happy birthday to the incomparable justice ruth bader ginsburg  notorious r b g  rbg 
rt  tvonetv  for more than 37 years   repmaxinewaters has been a pioneer in public policy and igniting positive social change  today we are…
i ve also asked mr  zuckerberg if the obama campaign violated facebook s policies when it collected millions of fac…
the constitution requires that the census to be an accurate count of everyone living in this country  a…
i want to send my sincerest condolences to the bush family for their loss  barbara bush was a remarkable woman and…
in honor of national library week  i visited  wpplibrary to read to kids and talk to them about the magic of books …
rt  melaniebenesh   usrepkcastor says pruitt s ethical problems pale in comparison to his attacks on public health  points to failures on …
how many times are we going to say  our hearts and prayers are with the families of those killed  before we take action on gun reform 
reminder  high school students still have time to submit entries to the congressional art competition  original work…
rt  nwlc   it s obvious sexual harassment is pervasive  this cannot be dismissed  this is about women being able to make a living and take…
rt  saragideon  so proud of these kids from freeport enough national school walkout
i am joining  repdonbeyer and other members of congress in calling for the resignation of epa administrator scott p…
rt  vernonlibrary  connect with your congressman in person   il10   repschneider hosts congress on your corner from 1-2 30pm sat may 5 at ki…
rt  bobbyscott    housegop s highered bill fails to support our service-members and will make higher education even more expensive  that i…
we need a healthcare system that puts people first  ahead of the profits of insurance and pharmaceutical companies
it was an honor to join in the grand opening celebration of the  mercedcounty behavioral health & recovery services…
  betsydevosed  with today s announcement  is attempting to exempt private contractors that service federal…
hurricane maria caused widespread devastation across puerto rico  killing hundreds  destroying hundreds of thousand…
rt  housejuddems  🆕  repjimmygomez    repcummings   repjohnconyers &  repzoelofgren seek immediate hearings on  realdonaldtrump s decision…
icymi  i joined  repadamschiff and  reppeterdefazio in calling for investments in earthquake early warning systems…
 history will have to record that the greatest tragedy of this period of social transition was not the strident cla…
congratulations to the hawaii army national guard on winning the 2018 secretary of defense environmental award for…
my night has been made  to hang with  repjohnlewis  it doesn t get better    thanks john lewis for getting into…
community health centers play an integral role in the health and wellbeing of our district  which is why i was glad…
for 7 years  all the gop wanted was  repeal and replace   now  president trump has moved on to  destroy and smirk  
in case you missed it  please watch parts 1 and 2 of the segment i joined on msnbc live with alex witt  part 1 …
ending the temporary protected status for haitians living in the u s  will significantly impede haiti s slow recovery  save t p s
despicable 
rt  advocate_aurora  thank you to our nation s leaders at the white house and on capitol hill for meeting with advocate aurora s co-ceos ji…
attention students  i am currently accepting submissions for the 2018 congressional art competition  a chance for y…
it was great to get an update on the upgrades to the folsom dam that will boost flood safety and help store more wa…
rt  houseadm_dems   i can t afford to lose my job  is not something a sexualassault or sexualharassment victim should say or feel
great to be here supporting the irish in the division 2 state championship  big win  proud of our student athletes 
photo of the day- the final week begins 
rt  repmarkpocan  four years later  the flint water crisis is not over  flint families and children still need our support  rt to say dont…
congratulations to my friend and colleague  hildasolis on the unveiling of her official portrait at the  usdol  it …
thank you to our  delawaredot crews   delawareng   delawareema  and all state and local officials for their respons…
the new health care repeal bill  graham- cassidy  is truly outrageous - and oregon stands to lose the most 
rt  alzheimersaloha  mahalo to  tulsipress field representative jimmy hamada  for meeting with alzheimer s staff and ambassador  nancy  to…
while trump bickers about yet another failed nominee  the people he s really hurting are veterans  we need leadersh…
today  i released the following statement regarding the passing of judge marcel c  notzon 
rest in peace 
indivs are being thrown into jail b/c their possession of marijuana  that s why i co-sponsored  tulsigabbard &…
this is disgraceful  we can t allow the trump administration to prevent women from accessing the tools and informat…

rt  ssworks    repmikehonda tells a personal story about the importance of social security to his mother  social security
trump s decision today to turn his back on  daca  betrays our national character 
i m getting used to being referred to as dr  dena grayson s husband 
    a new day is on the horizon  and when that new day finally dawns  it will be because of a lot of magnificent wo…
republicans – with a unified government – are putting the american people s jobs and the u s  economy at risk with…
a media giant cozy with the president   the rolling back of ownership rules for the benefit of 1 company   a sign o…
as senior corps week comes to an end  i would like to extend my deep gratitude to the hundreds of seniors in my dist…
the u s  is sinking in world press freedom rankings as the president denounces the media as  the enemy of the peopl…
read my full statement in opposition to the bill here ➡️https //t co/azv5qv0ggu
rt  ustravel  thank you  repdinatitus   vspc   noaadigcoast   kissimmee  and  alexandriava for sharing nttw18 yesterday  the itinerary w…
happy mothers day to my mom and all the wonderful mothers who would do anything for their children 
it s exciting to celebrate the chinese new year  the year of the dog  i join chinese americans in california s 18th…
here s the fundamental problem  mr  president  after 17 years at war in afghanistan  15 years in iraq  and now 7 ye…
my congratulations to  lyft for offsetting 100% of carbon emissions on all its rides  we must all do our part - ind…
i ve strongly condemned gina haspel s nomination for cia director and joined colleagues in urging a no vote in her…
my statement on today s budget resolution that facts show will not grow our economy or help hardworking americans 
curious about what s going on w taxreform  follow my blog  tax talk with sandy  where i ll break down the latest
rep  cicilline visits east bay community action program to help rhode islanders fill out their tax returns
rt  edworkforcedems   icymi  yesterday  ranking member  bobbyscott stressed the importance of making quality child care available to every f…
amidst one of the deadliest flu seasons in recent years should we  allow the centers for disease control  cdcgov to…
attacks on hospitals & aid workers in aleppo must stop  i m proud to cosponsor the caesar syria civilian protection act to stop war crimes 
the only thing students should be worried about is academic achievement  not getting bullied or discriminated against   snda  let kids learn
trump says climate change is a hoax  our warming oceans say otherwise  that s why the paris agreement to fight clim…
had a great time at the 2nd annual angel flight mid-atlantic pilot appreciation day at norfolk international airpor…
rt  repmarkpocan  president trump s infrastructure plan is just another example of the gop looking out for the wealthy & corporations inste…
a4  cutting staff and hobbling epa s ability to hold polluters accountable means that entire communities would be a…
if we allow the administration to permit drilling in the arctic refuge—one of america s most vulnerable natural are…
rt  deanobeidallah    reprubengallego  d-az   a us marine who served in iraq  joins me to talk the 15th anniversary of the iraq war-what ha…
 kfile i ve had the privilege of serving w some of the most patriotic men & women whose commitment to our country i…
rt  allieparry7  we still have people who care representing us   replloyddoggett  sensanders  senwarren to name a few  we can t give up 
80% of  tps  holders are employed  nearly 90% speak english  22% arrived as children  11% are entrepreneurs
rt  repbarbaralee  the trump-pence global gag rule is an ideological crusade that denies lifesaving care to women around the world  the heal…
 liberty1924 in columbus  ga was established in 1924  it housed african-american performers like lena horne and e…
songs of women artists have become a soundtrack of resistance and strength  a vehicle to empower and challenge the…
yesterday  i joined  brianlehrer to discuss the ongoing threats to special counsel mueller s investigation  former…
 westpoint_usma founded otd 216 yrs ago  as your  sc  06 representative  i have the privilege of nominating a limite…
rt  healthcaregov  it s the final countdown to get 2018 coverage  time is ticking  only a few hours left to get 2018 coverage  don t wait u…
today we celebrate international womens day to honor the incredible achievements of women throughout history – and r…
i was proud to lead an effort to secure funds for a long-awaited veterans home in flagstaff  i m happy to announce…
people live with mental health issues in countries around the world – but no other industrial country sees as much…
proud of  mccreadyfornc for taking one more step forward  dan is a fellow marine who answered the call to serve aga…
black lawmakers are impatient with tech s lack of diversity and are threatening regulation to force the issue…
i am grateful for the courage survivors of sexual harassment and abuse have shown in telling their stories and am f…
join me for my upcoming townhall  this community meeting will take place on march 28th from 6 00 to 7 00 pm in the…
a very happy easter to all those celebrating today in the tenth district and around the world 
rt  waysmeanscmte  ranking member  reprichardneal statement on his appointment to the new joint select committee on solvency and multiemplo…
congratulations to  charihoregional middle school student anna lacroix on being named  govraimondo s governor for a…
tax cuts don t pay for themselves  so how do republicans want to pay for the g o p tax scam  by cutting crucial benefi…
 promesa 
rt  repdonbeyer  across the country americans are standing up for science today  i stand with them  march for science
 drjencr  ppmass  ma  is lucky to have your fearless activism and supportive  quality care  i will always stand with p p
snap has demonstrable success in improving the health and wellbeing of children  adults  and seniors & has lifted m…
for the last 18 years i have rung the korean friendship bell in the name of peace and a unified korea  today we may…
rt  betnews  tell us how you really feel auntie      maxinewaters b e tx angela rye
with the fy19 budget request   realdonaldtrump admin has ignored congressional support for robust international eng…
 jonathanbeutler  portofla it s america s port 
my office has now responded to more than 200 000 of your phone calls  letters  and emails  listening to you is my m…
we re here to help  thanks for stopping by my mobile office hours last night in new castle  to find out when i m ho…
thank you  ichiro  for all you ve done for the  mariners and our community  one of my all-time favorite players and…
  tucsonairport served more than 3 4 million passengers last year  we ll keep working to support economic growth  t…
one year ago today  the  housegop passed trumpcare and voted to take healthcare away from 24 million americans--in…
rt  orlandopolice  tonight  we honor these fallen heroes  lt  debra clayton  deputy first class norman lewis  we will never forget the sac…
the g o p budget is frankenstein s monster  it slashes education & healthcare to pay for handouts to millionaires …
rt  repteddeutch  7 000 pairs of shoes  7 000 children killed by gun violence since the sandy hook massacre in 2012  this  has  to  stop …
challenges this year are enrollers are cut in half  no hhs help  no money for outreach  misinformation from the adm…
today  i cosponsored a resolution to censure president trump over his racist comments on immigration  they were dis…
happy cinco de mayo  proud to salute the culture and contributions of the mexican american community 
new  usgao report found black students  boys  and students with disabilities are disproportionately disciplined in…
my discussion w  thereval  politicsnation  milbank on the 2015 congress & economy infrastructure immigration
 we re dreading the trump tax bill  most benefits go to the wealthy and corporations – not the low-income families…
this has never been truer or more necessary today   let us march on ballot boxes   so men and women will no longer…
rt  repjenniffer  today the governor of puerto rico  ricardorossello and governor of the united states virgin  governormapp are testifying…
hawaii s heart is broken this morning as we learn of the passing of one of hawaii s greatest statesman  thank you …
i m proud to support the bipartisan dream act to stop the deportation of hundreds of thousands of young dreamer imm…
of all issues  i ve heard from my constituents more on net neutrality than any other this congress  the fcc needs t…
such a great crowd of volunteers  momentum is on our side thanks to incredible grassroots support   ca26 
never has such been more warranted than now 
rt  howeasyweforget  religious freedom day christian extremists do not understand what religious freedom means  they seem to want christiani…
rt  reprokhanna  i support  repcartwright s water use act bill  the bill helps conserve water and reduce consumer costs 
vice president  joebiden is speaking at the beau biden gun violence prevention act bill signing ceremony at the bid…
not only is he wasting taxpayer dollars  he is putting americans health at risk   epascottpruitt is gutting…
today marks 50 years since an assassin s bullet cut short the life and work of dr  martin luther king jr  as we rem…
another successful  flm2018   thanks for everyone who participated & thanks again  natljumpstart for honoring my ded…
great seeing so many arizonans at this week s a z coffee  heading to dc  call our office  202-225-9888
a terrible  uniformed decision and a huge blow to the us solar industry which employs hundreds of thousands america…
the odds were against democrat and marine vet  conorlambpa in a district trump won by 20 points  but he proved to v…
dear  speakerryan   our families deserve to know what chemicals are being sprayed on their food  released into thei…
tax day is right around the corner  don t wait until the last minute to file  need some help   ca33  residents can f…
talk is cheap  thanks to court order we secured in california  the trump administration has renewed  daca  status…
the associated students of diablo valley college visited us in washington dc  and we discussed a solution for daca …
rt  theleadcnn  rep  lieu  people need to have faith that the census data is accurate   and if you re an immigrant  you might not want to t…
happy earth day  our planet is our only home and we must protect it for future generations 
this womens history month i honor my mother -- mrs  christine callier -- a 1950   cau graduate and public school tea…
rt  dpham20   replipinski  female scientsits have 1 in 3 chance of being harassed in the workplace  2015 campus climate survey reveal only…
187       of  realdonaldtrump s political appointees were lobbyists  many now oversee the industries they once lobb…
 chip  funding expired over 100 days ago  putting nine million children s health care at risk – all because…
today we honor the 1 5m armenians who were massacred during the armenian genocide pay tribute to americans of arme…
rt  pdashton  thanks for you bipartisan leadership  repbrochester
my thoughts are with the bush family today  first lady barbara bush will always be remembered for her service to he…
federally-funded health centers have to put their life-saving work on pause because of the trump shutdown
grateful  usdol heard our call for this much-needed investigation – protecting critical employment programs and tax…
in our ongoing review of  epascottpruitt s luxury travel  my colleagues and i have learned that his security detail…
drug prices in the u s  are among the highest in the world because politicians like trump refuse to stand up to the…
interested in learning about campaigns  want to get involved and make a difference  sign up to be an intern or fe…
president trump promised to  drain the swamp   but after a year of trump  big money and washington insiders have more…
it s a privilege to represent our economically  culturally  and linguistically diverse 40th district  in the event…
federal scientists have been prohibited from speaking about climatechange & climate data has been scrubbed from ma…
rt  squeakybuffalo  thank you  neaarts for your support for our workspace residency program  we are now accepting applications for our summ…
we reauthorized the export-import bank to help arizona companies compete on a level playing field abroad  sinema so t d
this study was called for in the homeowner flood insurance affordability act  introduced by  senatormenendez  and w…
every day massachusetts regional planners work with local leaders to help our businesses & communities succeed whil…
this world autism awareness day is an opportunity to spread awareness and understanding so that individuals with auti…
rt  strausreform  12 hours into  fy19ndaa  debate  reprokhanna is opening up an overdue debate about u s  use of force and asserting congres…
i am excited that construction has been authorized & i look forward to the impact the future albuquerque complex wi…
we do what we should have done long ago to help prevent senseless gun violence  we pledge to do even more …
rt  mahealani  all 4 members of our congressional delegation are in hawaii to look into the false missile alert  the u  s  senate hearing l…
i stand in solidarity with the students in my district and across the country who are raising their voices during…
in addition to not making us any safer  trump s bigoted policies  like the muslim ban  are literally making enemies…
having a great time  nellisafb celebrating military children month  thank you to all of our service members  vetera…
opening embassy in jerusalem  the eternal capital of the jewish people & the state of israel  symbolizes the endur…
 stay on target  --gold five may the fourth be with you
so pleased to welcome poet laureate tracy k smith to south carolina today  we had a great turnout in lake city  look…
rt  hispaniccaucus  trump s anti-immigrant policies are hurting small businesses across the country that can t find americans willing to do…
my message to gov  ducey  arizona must not be used as a political pawn for the trump administration s anti-immigran…
pulling out of nafta alone is disastrous for san diego s economy--mexico is one of our top export markets  add bill…
rt  msnbc  rep  lieu on north korea   we have zero good military options 
rt  legionindc  breaking   housevetaffairs sends letter to  secshulkin  deptvetaffairs demanding research for veterans with  ptsd  and ch…
go nancy go
thank you for your leadership and engagement on such a critical issue  never again
thank you 
the g o p budget slashes funding for women s health care to fund tax cuts for the richest americans  we are better th…
rt  news12nj  gottheimer seeks to conduct study on opioid abuse in students n j tonight
congratulations  houstonrockets🚀 for reaching the western conference finals  best of luck against the golden state warriors  runasone
 billpascrell thank you 
rt  un_women  let s move from promises to action and close the gender pay gap  equal pay day
fill out a witness slip to help ratify the equal rights amendment  this is vitally important  please share and enco…
rt  coveredca_es  ¡usa nuestra página de recursos  compara planes de salud  solicita ayuda económica y completa tu solicitud  https //t co/…
i can t believe no one warned  marcorubio that the g o p tax scam would only go to billionaires and corporations 
great rally in ventura w/ rep  becerra  yet another volunteer shift going out after  momentum  ca26 
calling all high school students in  nc01   enter the 2018 congressional art competition to have your artwork featur…
i am opposed to any attempt to blatantly restrict access to internet content  these kinds of decisions would harm t…
rt  senmarkey  the motion to proceed on my resolution to save net neutrality just passed  the final vote will be around 3 pm et  keep makin…
every year  we take a moment to honor the memory & sacrifice of the police officers who have lost their lives in se…
attending the opening ceremony for the eji national museum and memorial for peace and justice tonight  so excited t…
there are many kinds of natural disaster that can impact our islands  because of their level of devastation or freq…
daca deadline  dreamers should mail their renewal app by today to make sure they are received by the oct 5 deadline→
i m honored to join college presidents and education leaders in declaring that d r e a mers are students  they are our…
rt  hanoverfire   999 756 in afg funding awarded to the town of hanover  thank you  usrepkeating for your support of this important progra…
proud of all the students in the usvi and across the country taking a stand today  you are indeed the difference-ma…
rt  prochoicecaucus  we re pleased to announce our new co-chair   repbarbaralee  through decades of public service in congress and in calif…
today s delta jewel  mrs  lillie b  jackson of tutwiler  mississippi experienced a time when many residents of tutw…
rt  polishembassyus    ambwilczek had a great meeting with house poland caucus member  repcartwright re  energy coop   vwp  & u s  military…
 tx29  high school students  my office is accepting entries for the 2018 congressional art competition  all submiss…
i was honored to meet with  thejudgehatchet and her son  charles  they are a courageous duo advocating for stronger…
on  themasters weekend  here is a throwback pic of coast guardsman arnold palmer playing in uniform at schennosett…
attention d r e a mers  you can still apply to renew  daca   if you meet the requirements for a renewal  you should a…
in 2016  russia launched a massive cyber-attack against the us to undermine faith in our democracy  yet trump & the…
the austin american-statesman ran my reaction online yesterday to trump s sudden firing of fbi director comey 
rt  congressmanraja    speakerryan may want to spend some more time talking with everyday folks – clearly  he must be confused about what t…
rt  politicsprose  join  repsteveisrael on 4/30 at 7pm as he combines his political insight and terrific humor for big guns  a hard-hitting…
rt  kencen   when all else fails  the arts prevail   our first stop for today s arts across america visit celebrating fort lauderdale is  a…
rt  facesofee  huge thank you to  repraskin for meeting w/  pearlcert  flc_greenteam to discuss how energyefficiency creates thousands of…
it s concerning that hispanics make up just 7% of tech employees - a much lower percentage than other private sect…
history lesson for  vp  arpaio was found in contempt of a court order that banned him from racially profiling latin…
rt  senwhitehouse  thanks   senatorhassan for your commitment to climate action  in coastal new hampshire  the effects of climate change ar…
i m on the house floor now to vote against g o p tax scam because it hikes taxes on 86 million middle-class families …
great meeting with andrea benton of  wbc_cc  happy to support h r  1680  the women s business centers improvements…
shulkin should be held to account for his misdeeds  but railroading cabinet officials to carry out a political agen…
rt  cspan  icymi -  repalgreen   there will be another opportunity for us to remove donald john trump from the presidency  
perfect start to the morning this weekend riding in the 4th annual crush challenge with friends  congresswoman krys…
estatic to speak at alma mater about fla hispanic community  bipartisan work & pr 🇵🇷  gwhatchet  repjenniffer…
today marks the one-year anniversary of the release of 82 of the 276 chibok girls who were abducted by boko haram f…
this funding is necessary for congress to carry out its constitutional duties  director mulvaney should turn his…
 a fraud on the american public   -- chief justice warren burger  1990  regarding the idea that the second amendmen…
the midwest is booming and kansas city is leading the way 
today  i introduced a constitutional amendment that would get big money out of politics and give power back to the…
starting in a few minutes 
rt  ccstechfacts  new  carbon capture coalition statement on introduction today of h r  5745  the fossil energy research and development ac…
in honor of the lifetime work of cesar chavez  dolores huerta  and the farmworker and labor movement  it s time to…
 tbt   azalea middle school s emerging leaders are our future  looking bright  😎
it seems like prescription drug prices will never stop going up  americans deserve a better deal 
we have a responsibility to create a level playing field where inland empire families can succeed  the g o p tax bill…
my bipartisan bill created an exemption for children of filipino  wwii  vets to be able to immigrate to the us  fil am vets
the maine rx program was challenged by drug companies through the courts all the way to the u s  supreme court  whe…
rhode island s food scene is once again on the national stage as jeanie roland  chef and owner of westerly s…
the federal government has failed the american citizens who live in puerto rico  it s nearly hurricane season again…
when i questioned epa admin scott pruitt in  energycommerce hearing  he admitted that repeal of the clean power plan…
rt  larryrulison  after  globalfoundries event  reppaultonko said he could see a second fab built in ny - but sounds like federal support w…
rt  pdamerica  show  keithellison we have his back 
happy easter to all those celebrating  may this holiday bring you and your family peace and joy 
rep  tulsi gabbard announces 2018 kaha kiʻi congressional art competition finalists  launches  people s choice  cont…
rt  christynroyce  omg omg omg     these are the best    once again   drdenagrayson made myself and solly  hemuss s day  these rainbow  gro…
getting a gun shouldn t be as easy as renting a bike—but in many cases  it is  the metro gun share program is a…
thanks to all who made their voices heard at our town hall in antioch with  repmcnerney  we had an engaging discuss…
 tomcolicchio thanks  tom for your support and your extraordinary leadership in the  fight for food     
rt  urologyus  thanks  congressmanruiz  repkenmarchant  replarrybucshon  repronkind for introducing a bill to modernize stark law
anyone who mocks an american veteran  a family man who went through unconscionable torture  a cancer-survivor who s…
rt  usgsvolcanoes  latest  usgs press release on leilani estates eruption on kilauea  lava eruption continues with several new fissures ope…
rt  cmarinucci  so honored to speak to this great organization today in anaheim— so many ca women of all ages and backgrounds gathered to e…
congratulations   senduckworth  wishing you and your family all the best 
a statement on the ongoing violence in gaza from me   janschakowsky   repdavideprice   replloyddoggett …
great meeting with  cityofpella officials  looking forward to the dutch letter from  jaarsmabakery they brought alo…
rt  hardball   there s a lot of work that needs to be done  we ve gotten a lot of support from fema    staceyplaskett on us virgin islands …
throughout my tenure as a legislator  my priorities have never changed  i ve always been committed to finding solut…
trumpcare steals from us all to give to the richest of the rich 
rt  bluecollardems  democrats have always been the true champions of working americans  just like we witnessed last night  we must continu…
congress needs term limits 
discussions like i had yesterday w/ local water experts  leaders  &  usda  secretarysonny about our water needs in…
rt  hispaniccaucus  trump & republicans helping hispanics  ❌ terminated  daca  ❌ abandoned hispanic outreach for  aca  ❌ passed tax scam ❌ e…
 2  …& protect our residents  if  realdonaldtrump wants to truly help make our communities safer  let s work on com…
to those observing ramadan i wish you a meaningful month of reflection and prayer  ramadan mubarak
my friend  repjudychu is briefing us on her work fighting for the aca and her proposal to stabilize the health insu…
proving once again  gop leadership view the american public as bargaining chips  are running out of hands to play …
my thoughts and prayers are with the victims and families affected by the horrific shooting in las vegas 
hawaii faces a tremendous shortage of affordable housing units—for every 100 families in need of affordable housin…
today s decision by the  fcc is simply unacceptable  which is why i am calling for bipartisan congressional action…
on october 26  tuckercarlson said he d have me back  when we have a tax bill   https //t co/bqnxqrsk6e   the…
rt  repdankildee  four years later  flint families are still recovering from the water crisis and having to use filters & bottled water  in…
1  obama administration fines pesticide maker  4 8 million for violations that hurt farm workers 2  pesticide maker…
yesterday i was proud to vote for the taxpayer first act that will reform and modernize the  irsnews to make it eas…
these high school students are leaders in helping prevent drug use among their peers  thanks to them for sharing th…
i m proud to be an original cosponsor of  usrepmikedoyle s legislation in the house to reinstate net neutrality pro…
we must ensure an accurate 2020 census  adding an immigration question will only suppress participation & result in…
rt  climatereality  it s black history month  did you know  repjohnlewis penned the first-ever environmental justice legislation 26 years ag…
breaking  president under investigation for obstruction of justice pardons man who was convicted of obstruction of…
the gop tax plan includes anti-choice language that threatens women s constitutional rights to abortion and privacy…
couldn t agree more with  senatortester - we need to hire more healthcare providers at the va and ensure veterans h…
in honor of teacher appreciation week  i m proud to wear my red for ed tie to show my support for america s teachers…
as new yorkers  stating our continued commitment to the recovery of puerto rico and discussing new ways that our st…
upgrading the soo locks is precisely the type of investment that should be priority number one  urge  potus to fol…
four years ago i met three marine corps combat vets who wanted to make a space for people to come together by openi…
not clear to me at all   speakerryan   to be clear  that decision was based on my duty to ensure that the house has…
rt  krystalball  teachers are on the verge of striking in arizona  kentucky and oklahoma  re-upping this piece as it seems more timely than…
inspiring to be in frankfort today with several thousand proud kentuckians making their voices heard  standing up t…
let us take the time to remember those heroic souls who stood up for our country  those who lost their lives  and t…
breaking   reptedlieu &  repdonbeyer confirm  epa inspector general review of administrator scott pruitt s conduct…
thank you  rephultgren for welcoming my staff and me for coffee and conversation  by working together  we can tackl…
rt  peterwelch    thejusticedept should reject the merger of  wearesinclair and  tribunemedia  if it fails to do so  one media conglomerate…
rt  zerlinamaxwell  yes  nicolledwallace is so right that we need to stop saying that there is no evidence of  collusion  b/c there is  1 …
congratulations to  ca33  student  david singleton  looking forward to watching you play for  uclambb 
rt  repjohnlarson  america depends on the success of its middle class families  and today  house republicans hold a vote on the g o p tax scam…
we need clarity in leadership and an adaptable  rapid-response plan to help puerto rico fully recover and rebuild …
rt  romancerookie   repdarrensoto  senbillnelson  marcorubio we need to do something about this  insulin4all
ty for all you do to keep our country safe & safeguard the freedoms & values we all cherish  i also want to recogni…
very moving speech by az sen  flake  i hope it inspires more of his colleagues to publicly take a stand as he has 
with no alternative plan in place  president trump s decision to withdraw from the iran nuclear agreement again lea…
our military  our country  and our d r e a mers cannot continue to live in uncertainty of what will happen a month do…
rt  senblumenthal  firearms for teachers is toxic lunacy – an nra-backed distraction from commonsense action  teachers  principals  police …
i m ready & willing to do the work to open the government – but republicans are doing nothing to put an end to the…
republicans have shut down the government despite having control of the house  the senate  and the white house  the…
once again  the trump administration puts wall street above hardworking americans 
rt  energycommerce  dccp ranking member  janschakowsky questions facebook ceo zuckerberg on details around the cambridge analytica scandal …
trump budget puts billionaires & corporations ahead of working families   housegop  hands off childcare  health care & housing 
my heart aches  in a place for healing and prayer  americans should not have to worry about facing the ultimate horror  we must do better 
orinda action day of community service is next saturday  april 21st at the orinda library plaza  if you would like…
rt  repalgreen  merry christmas  feliz navidad  chúc mừng giáng sinh an lành và hạnh phúc  聖誕快樂 wishing everyone a safe and happy holiday f…
i support songwriters and believe they should be paid fairly and timely  proudly voted for the bipartisan music mod…
northern border versus the southern border  they are building the wall in the wrong place  no border wall
the only question is whether republicans will join the right side of history   daca 
rt  vincentharding  fun time kicking off  tcdp day of action with  lloyddoggetttx  dems im wit her txlege
rt  massgovernor  honored to be a part of the m l k day celebration -  lifting the spirit of healing and unity  - at  mm_center in springfiel…
read my full stmt on jct score of billionaires first plan here 3/3
two days ago we marked the 50th anniversary of king s death  let us remember his words  of all the forms of inequal…
tom & the trades  today i worked w/apprentices being trained by  ibewlu25 & li s  necanet - we need well-trained wo…
rt  repbillfoster  this week  i led a letter to end unilateral subpoena power in committees that is too easily abused 
companies are continuing to lay off workers with some even using taxcuts on stock buybacks that help their wealthy…
it was a pleasure to speak at la union del pueblo entero  lupe  in san juan  tx last night to honor new citizens   
rt  heardonthehill    repdarrensoto recalled playing music at the dems caucus retreat with  repjoecrowley
rt  fpizarro_dc  actualmente hay casi 12 000 miembros de las fuerzas armadas o veteranos con esposo/as que enfrentan una deportación  congr…
join my tele-town hall may 22  2018  i want to hear from you  rsvp now 
immigrants help boost our economy & bring innovation  expelling them only hurts  usa    sotu 
live on periscope    rephankjohnson & i are introducing 2 bills to secure our democracy from hacks & protect our v…
threatening to withdraw troops from an ally with the most militarized border in the world over the president s poor…
rt  molliebyron   mattcorridoni yep feeling good about us electing  vanhollenformd  jamie_raskin  brownformd today 
5/ randy and i wish bill  his wonderful wife pat  and their children  grandchildren  and great-grandchildren all the best in this world 
the president s so-called immigration proposal is absolutely shameful  it is a ransom demand  plain and simple  my…
and a special note of congrats to my good friend and former colleague  pjk4brainhealth 
rt  timjhogan  attention democrats considering a 2020 run  if you vote to ship the nation s nuclear waste to yucca mountain  don t bother…
read my full statement on today s opioid epidemic measures here 
first   potus withdraws from the paris agreement  now he reverses clean power plan  i ll continue fighting these short-sighted actions   3/3 
president trump s latest attacks on mueller make it even more necessary to make sure that no president can unilater…
so proud and inspired by all the young people who participated in the march for our lives this weekend 
speaking today at  officialcbc briefing  studying the impact of food insecurity on communities of color  
these improvements will better serve our city and i know my constituents in the first district of illinois are exci…
islandwide blackout in pr 🇵🇷 just more proof that  realdonaldtrump & congress underfunded disaster relief there…
atl passport agency open this sat  9/23  8-12 for passport day  renew or apply for the first time  no appt needed …
great meeting this morning on cybersecurity with  euambus david o sullivan  cybersecurity is national security  in…
rt  repanthonybrown  reducing poverty is a moral obligation & common sense - poverty costs our economy trillions of dollars  the g o p tax sc…
please join me in wishing don—the norm dicks building s janitor—a fond farewell and happy retirement  thanks for le…
my office is hosting a new small business and startup workshop to help our area entrepreneurs and local economy gro…
putting an end to wage stagnation is central to any effort to reinvigorate our economy & plan for the future  if yo…
rt  dekalbnewsnow  doraville s top cop promoted to major general in georgia national guard
april 20th marks the 19th anniversary of the massacre at columbine high school  that claimed so many lives & shatte…
the fair housing act was signed by president johnson 50 years ago today which protected people from discrimination…
i stand with  hispaniccaucus and  capac in our shared opposition to including a citizenship question in the…
the federal government must ensure that federal roads in new hampshire are repaired and restored to good condition …
congratulations to these great rhode islanders who help make our state such an incredible place to live 
that s why i cosponsored bicameral effort to rollback  fcc chairman pai s decimation of protections  we need to ens…
rt  ibatweet  thank you  repvisclosky for your staunch support of radio and tv broadcasters in indiana  we appreciate you taking the time t…
last week  i joined 101 of my colleagues in congress to urge  realdonaldtrump to properly commemorate the 103rd ann…
trump and gop fighting for more jobs   in china    zte broke us sanctions and then lied about carrying out the pun…
last week  i had honor of meeting w/ incredible young women from la reina ms in thousand oaks to discuss how they c…
rt  dickersonfors20  thrilled to speak  usn_pds with  repjimcooper about voter registration and the importance of voting project register t n…
the jobs and justice act of 2018 would level the playing field so that every man  woman  and child has equal access…
this week i met with  stanfordchild to discuss the importance of reauthorizing  chip   over 13 000 children in our c…
net neutrality protects small businesses and innovators in or-04 by ensuring they have a level playing field online 
i am visiting the garage of blessings in oak harbor which serves more than 3 500 individuals and accepts 700 indivi…
we heard from his son  officialmlk3  chairman of the  officialcbc  reprichmond  dr  king s friend and fellow and ci…
joaquin avila selflessly dedicated his life to protecting the right to vote  california – and indeed  the entire co…
rt  housedemocrats  happy birthday to the incomparable justice ruth bader ginsburg  notorious r b g  rbg 
thanks to  coveredca for helping make our health care navigator day a success  if you couldn t make it to our event…
this american education week ty teachers parents support professionals usa s future starts in the classroom  neatoday
i am extremely disappointed that the judiciary committee has chosen to do absolutely nothing to address hiring guid…
new jerseyans are some of the savviest folks in america  and they weren t fooled by the g o p tax scam for a second 
filed the future of ai act this week  bipartisan bill to promote future innovation in ai and make sure that workers…
four years later  flint families are still using filters and bottled water  this crisis is not an anomaly  in the r…
looking forward to questioning interior secretary zinke tomorrow on the administration s offshore drilling plan & s…
i am proud to celebrate and recognize the achievements of women throughout the world  internationalwomensday
for example  russia has 25 000 lbs of low-enriched uranium they received from iran as part of the jcpoa implementat…
nearly 900 patriotic dreamers who are currently serving our nation in uniform deserve a permanent solution  protect d r e a mers
this morning  house oversight cmte holds a hearing on program integrity  sustainability  and reforms for  snap   tun…
rt  rosenbergerlm  not to be debbie downer again  but - from the 2005 joint statement   the united states affirmed that it    has no intent…
rt  nickalbares   nometrealtors  reprichmond  nardotrealtor and once plan is fully paid for  everyday people in louisiana and across the co…
we closed out womens history month with a special event where we announced the winners of our  women who inspire me …
everyone should reread this piece while remembering that andrew mccabe is a potential witness against president tru…
ending daca would mean losing 800 000 workers in our country  defend d a c a
the security agencies have been working to figure out what carter page was up to long before the 2016 campaign or a…
this week  i met with the district export council of southern california to discuss how we can foster positive inte…
congratulations to  narragansett_ri high school students lexie regan  morgan d ambra and anna lubic for their honor…
today we celebrated the  eagles  super bowl win with some current and former eagles players  including delaware s o…
republicans have made it clear who they had in mind when they created their g o p tax scam and it wasn t working famil…
thanks to  alexwitt and  msnbc for having me on to discuss such an important issue 
mr  president  just apologize and condemn the remarks  it s not that hard 
today  anthonycgraves shared his powerful story of how the justice system failed him  his family  & his community …
crossing the bridge this morning with mrs  abernathy and  senkamalaharris  m l k pilgrimage
very powerful statement by khizr khan  watch it  share it 
it s been six months since puerto rico was hit by hurricane maria and they still haven t fully recovered  during…
2  after spending his opening congratulating himself on poll numbers  reading from print the wall street journal  a…
thank you   repcleaver for standing up for the chibok girls 
in case you missed it  here s the video for my latest appearance on  630pov  with chris berg 
this is outrageous  arming teachers won t make students safer  there is no evidence that killers target schools bec…
to watch my appearance on  tothecontrary  tune in to  wetatvfm today at 5 30pm & sunday at 9 30am or online   ttc 
happening now  the senate is debating  senmarkey s cra resolution to protect net neutrality  time is running out to…
it was great to meet today with leaders of minnesota environmental advocacy groups  in congress  i m proud to fight…
rt  brendankrose   reprichmond  ladepthealth  nwlc  aarplouisiana  nationalcouncil a 62 yr old w/inc  of  56 800/yr  middle income  who pay…
first  i want to thank the voters of the 7th congressional district for the support you showed me yesterday thankyou
a comprehensive solution to the crisis requires real dollars and must take an approach that targets the entire spec…
 housegop you may not realize it  but  snap  helps many people you meet each day  hunger hurts all communities  it …
 nypd115pct  nbcnews excellent work  officers leibold & scala  goes to show how important build the block meetings a…
wishing everyone a merry christmas  enjoy this wonderful time of the year   happy holidays  -----------------------…
my office is able to help san diego veterans and their families obtain records  retrieve medals  and get the benefi…
i am calling upon  dhsgov  secnielsen and the trump administration to maintain asylum protections for survivors of…
join us today 
today  i was honored to sit down with a few of my colleagues and vice president  joebiden to discuss how…
fidel castro visited harlem in 1960 and again in 1995 -- he loved our community and the people   rip 
no matter how the trump administration and the republican majority try to sell health insurance plans to america s…
americans who rely on social security deserve the peace of mind and security knowing their hard-earned benefits won…
proud of my colleague  repmarcykaptur  who played a pivotal role in the building of the wwii memorial and continues…
rt  necouncil    repjoekennedy says mental and behavioral healthcare have been a top priority for him in recent years  capital conversation…
if it hadn t been for the march from selma to montgomery there would probably be no barack obama as president  i ho…
i visited  the_charter_oak to hear about the great work they are doing & what needs to be done to help them in thei…
my food and farm act  gets rid of excessive commodity programs  limits payments to rich farmers  & makes crop insuran…
looking forward to joining the  iiicenter this friday for the annual business leaders breakfast 
introduced the postoperative opioid prevention act with  replarrybucshon to encourage the development of innovative…
rt  globalhealthorg    usaidgh uses multi sectoral approaches to addressing threats caused by zoonotic diseases  re- establishing animalhe…
rt  transportdems  we need to keep the world s safest/most efficient atc system out of the hands of corporate interests  watch 
unfortunately  house republicans are using the farm bill to deliver another blow to working families who depend on food stamps protect s n a p
thousands of students marched on the capitol today to demand that congress end gun violence  they are joined by mill…
it s only a  perjury trap  if you re a perjurer 
before the fair housing act  my family was prohibited from living in certain places because of our skin color  than…
the iranian-backed terrorist group hezbollah & its allies appeared to gain power in the lebanese parliament followi…
thanks to all those who joined me today in opposing  hudgov plan to triple rent contributions for many working nyer…
i am saddened by the loss of murli deora  he served the indian government admirably  he will be greatly missed 
introduced bipartisan resolution to push back on election interference with  judgetedpoe   repeliotengel  and…
had a wonderful tour of the recently renovated ellis tech high school in danielson yesterday  & a great lunch at t…
rt  thenswg  new  gwtweets and  thenswg nuclear security fellows have begun work in the offices of  repchuck and  repvisclosky
are you a student interested in attending a u s  service academy  i m hosting a service academy info night on 5/24…
rt  kenvogel  during trip to italy  scott pruitt dined at a 5-star restaurant with a cardinal who is a climate change skeptic  even though…
hannity needs to be put on leave immediately  how can a network claim to be  fair and balanced  when their top anc…
proud to have scored 100% on the  lcvoters 2017 national environmental scorecard  i remain committed to helping pro…
 just like my country- i m young  scrappy and hungry  and i m not throwing away my shot   –  hamiltonmusical happ…
hey downey  keep an eye out for the new weekly farmers market coming to  ranchorehab 
thanks  vfwhq for endorsing my bill  the battle for servicemembers act  in recent testimony before the house/senate…
today is the last day to register to vote in the may 1 election  register online here  go vote t n
1/2  i m deeply concerned about the loss of life and hundreds of injuries to palestinians on the gaza border  isra…
rt  keepyourhomeca  perhaps renee b  says it best   you don t want to worry about a roof over your head   and with  keepyourhomeca  you won…
glad to have you visit and i hope everyone tunes in 
rt  csusmadvocacy  thank you  bailleebrown in  repscottpeters office for meeting with  csusm to discuss continued support of the pell grant…
while gop donors and huge corporations get obscene tax breaks  the g o p tax scam will hike taxes on 86 million americ…
i spoke with charity grace lambert  director of nantucket s african meeting house  who told me of the outpouring of…
and yes  i would say the same if a democratic ag followed a democratic president s order to investigate his/her pol…
the lack of affordable housing is a burden on hard-working middle-class families  new yorkers and all americans des…
for five years  i ve stood beside  nicolehockley  mark barden  and all of the parents of  sandyhook as they ve chan…
  aarp is right  the balanced budget amendment that  housegop is pushing today will ransack retirement security for…
i was proud to present a framed portrait of the 1957 mercedes high school football team that advanced to the   
8  i will not stop working on your behalf until we have achieved these goals  even when the fight seems uphill  eve…
speaking with local health care workers about protecting affordable care  furthering health it and expanding medica…
rt  chesapeakebay  thank you  pa  repbrendanboyle  for standing up for cleanwater  in a bipartisan show of support  u s  house members fro…
rt  toddruger  after reports trump required non-disclosure agreements   congressmanraja introduces bill to make those unenforceable if whit…
rt  thedcarts  our final performance for the afternoon  brave like us summer set d c 202 creates come join us again next thursday 05/17 from n…
when our law enforcement and intelligence communities rely on race to make judgements instead of facts  the safety…
icymi   nysdot holding a public meeting about the buffalo train station on 4/16  let your voice be heard 
please retweet  today is the last day of open enrollment on make sure your friends and fam…
rt  officialcbc  we re holding a sit-in at the senate judiciary committee s monster markup today to urge the senate to reject the thomas fa…
our most heartfelt prayers go out to officer sean gannon s wife dara  his family  and the men and women who served at his side 
how much longer will  speakerryan refuse to take action to end gun violence  enough never again
today  gs10ksmallbiz came in with a variety of maryland small businesses representing everything from veteran fitn…
condolences to victims  families  & all affected by act of terrorism in barcelona  the united states stands with the people of spain  🇺🇸🇪🇸
despite fear-mongering coming from wh & some rs in congress  family migration is not a flaw in our immigration syst…
this afternoon i met with wakefern food corporation to discuss the most pressing issues in the new jersey food indu…
i m profoundly disturbed by trump s ignorance of the many trans servicemembers who have honorably defended our cou…
california s voter registration deadline is october 24th  whether you guacthevote or not  register to vote 
the opioid crisis will only get worse across our nation unless we actively & effectively work to implement evidence…
on december 7  1941  the world was forever changed  on pearl harbor remembrance day  we recognize the lives lost on…
rt  fivethirtyeight  despite all the hype  congress appears to have missed its once-in-a-generation chance to prune the tax code 
a mind to work  
rt  hispaniccaucus  americans are dreamers too  we say  dreamers are americans too   sotu 
met with the professional fire fighters of ma during the int l assoc  of fire fighters  advocacy day  thank you to…
thank you for having me   defendourfuture  it s my pleasure to join you for this important conversation 
today i spoke with all three military service secretaries about two important issues  the need to address ongoing i…
as part of a day of meetings in israel focused on regional security and stability  we met with inspiring palestinia…
 gop you can t pass trillions in tax cuts for the rich and then balance the budget on the backs of hard working ame…
yes  i do wish we were talking about  epascottpruitt s disastrous environmental rollbacks instead of his conduct as…
rt  thebeatwithari   i don t trust  trump to  carry out the sanctions that we have voted on  -  repmaxinewaters on trump russia sanctions h…
any attempt by the president to interfere with a doj investigation is a threat to the rule of law  our democracy  a…
don t forget to vote in tomorrow s primary  if you live in the 7th congressional district  i hope you will consider casting a ballot for me 
thank you for taking the time to meet and for your hard work and advocacy on these critical issues 
we must protect our coasts from another disaster like deepwater horizon 
rt  repcohen  needs to work on his putting 
rt  prochoicecaucus  the leaders of this caucus call on hhs  secazar to fire director lloyd due to his ongoing  blatant disregard for women…
it s national police week  thank you to all the first responders and law enforcement officers who protect our nation s people 
rt  brunoamato_1  as a navy veteran i d love to know who at annapolis thought it was a good idea to invite a 5x draft dodger  who called p…
los borinqueneers lucharon contra el enemigo en el campo de batalla  a la vez que combatieron el discrimen en la milicia 
janet was an icon of our community  working tirelessly to help others and fighting passionately to improve our enti…
each year  the federal government awards a significant percentage of contracting opportunities to small businesses…
i am the product of a public school education —  atherton_high class of 1965 — and i am proud to stand with kentuck…
and black women both in new jersey and nationally make persistently less than white women — despite the fact that b…
on  vawa22  we recommit to empowering survivors of domestic violence and prosecuting predators 
great to meet with  arcelormittalus plate products as part of  acibc action days2017  50k tons of 🇺🇸steel in each cvn 
our work   fattah s  3 billion mortgage assistance provision included in financial overhaul bill via  realestaterama
the trump admin s attacks on our planet  air  and water continue  now they are weakening the  epa  fuel economy stan…
rt  tuality  congresswoman suzanne bonamici stopped by today to visit our health care services for women and see for herself how the ohsu p…
rt  hispaniccaucus  right now  you can still apply to renew your  daca   if you meet the requirements to apply for daca renewal  you should…
 icymi   the  nytimes sent  mdseely out to the basin and range national monument to explore one of nevada s most une…
hypocrisy in flight chairman -- hypocrisy that knows no bounds 
people with autism are often the subjects of stigma  discrimination  or human rights violations  fostering inclusio…
we must do more than mourn and pray for those murdered in texas  we must act 
what winter sport event are you most excited to see at this year s olympic games  pyeong chang2018 olympics2018…
nevadans have made it clear  we do not consent to storing the nation s nuclear waste in our backyard  it s time to…
rt  senmarkey  my legislation w/  repcartwright ​would help improve america s public health response to climatechange 
trump s refusal to restore daca goes back on our promise to dreamers - that in exchange for coming forward  paying…
rt  whiphoyer  the bill passed by  housegop last night is further proof of their inability to govern  it s time for them to work with democ…
rt  sashaknows  go margot   ⚾️⚾️⚾️ so proud of you  thanks  jahimes 🧢🧢🧢
rt  trschatz51  reunido junto a la senadora nayda venegas con el congresista darren soto 
check out this week s action steps 
great to meet with farmer veterans from across country yesterday who are in maine for  natlagrability conference  i…
it s disappointing to see  potus  hold nearly 700 000 d r e a mers hostage while continuing to demand millions in fundi…
nearly 41 million americans struggle to put food on the table each day  including five million seniors  because of…
rt  repcohen  b/c of  dea  inaction marijuana still on same level as deadly drugs like heroin&higher class than meth crack&cocaine prosecut…
rt  aaronscherb    replowenthal  independent redistricting commissions let the people draw districts instead of allowing self-interested po…
rt  ncdemparty  join us in wishing congressman  gkbutterfield a very happy birthday  🎉
watching the winter games in s korea is even better knowing our great olympic athletes are being clothed by a clift…
rt  mitchellreports    repswalwell  cohen is very close to the president - it highlights how premature it was for the republicans to shut d…
senate gop  health care  bill is still not a health care bill  it remains a tax cut bill for powerful special interests and the wealthy 
rt  govtrack  committees 🆗 d h r  2683 by  repjohndelaney yesterday  protecting veterans credit act of 2017 🏛️
the major tax cuts in the  housegop billionaires first tax plan to to the very wealthy 
i asked mr  zuckerberg about this very thing  these types of stories are important -- 87 million people may have ne…
i visited p a c c a r s technical center today to talk with their staff about the process of designing  manufacturing a…
  housegop  led by house intelligence committee chairman devin nunes and  speakerryan  just endangered our national…
happening now  discussing indy s infrastructure successes & challenges with hoosier community leaders  and my cong…
rt  natashabertrand  boom  giuliani just told hannity that trump paid cohen back the 130k for the stormy agreement 
thank you for standing up for snap  which feeds the poor and the hungry  i look forward to receiving your letters …
i r s tax tip  the irs offers free tax help to members of the military & their families  to find a volunteer income ta…
no one should face discrimination at school  but unfortunately  8 in 10 lgbt students are harassed for their sexual…
nonpartisan  uscbo s latest report on the 10yr budgetary outlook confirms that trump & gop-led congress are leading…
today marks one year since the  housegop tried to push through their dangerous trumpcare legislation  which would…
mcmaster joins the list of intelligence officials saying that russia interfered in the 2016 election  we need to…
dear  hhs_health dep  sec  hargran  pls explain why a known hate group is behind the health policies issued by you…
hablé con fema y dep energía eu  el gobernador debe hacer ya una declaración de emergencia tras el apagón para accesar ayuda inmediatamente 
rt  nydiavelazquez  with  repjoseserrano as we discuss how the gop tax scam would devastate puerto rico
my staff attended a veterans benefits event in st  johns earlier this month  and they will bring those services to…
enjoyed hearing about  unioncityga_gov s federal priorities and meeting with you   ucmayorvince and…
i posted a new photo to facebook
sixty years around the sun and some of the best have been with  drdenagrayson
one month ago  we marched for change  today  it is more clear than ever that the inspiring students across the nati…
rt  aclu  more than 200 members of congress filed briefs with scotus today in support of charlie and david  a same-sex couple refused servi…
rt  prochoicecaucus  pcc leading members  repdianadegette and  repbarbaralee spoke out today on behalf of women s reprorights together wit…
lawmakers in congress need to look out for all americans when creating legislative decisions that directly impact t…
honored to attend the  lvmpd police academy graduation  congratulations to las vegas  newest police officers  alway…
rt  johnhendel    repannaeshoo talking of the importance of broadband in any infrastructure proposal during  incompas18    any infrastructur…
i m pleased to host dustin newman as my guest for  potus    sotu   despite the promises made by  potus  and the  gop  t…
why won t the  nfl  address what players are actually protesting  asks michigan lawmaker via  darrensands
trump is recycling nicknames   or is dementia setting in 
rt  pennsylvaniagov  on this day in 1787  pennsylvania became the second state to ratify the constitution of the united states  📜 p aproud…
rt  nycfirstlady  thanks to  reprobinkelly for her leadership on mental health issues and for highlighting the work of the cities thrive co…
rt  housejuddems   icymi   83  housedemocrats demand dream act be added to omnibus & that funding for deportations  detention and walls be s…
rt  aclu  betsy devos should realize that as secretary of education  she is supposed to represent all students  not just a select few 
rt  raysbaseball  locked down   rayswin   final  rays 6  boston 4
rt  repesty  you see 7 000 pairs of shoes to represent 7 000 children killed due to gun violence since sandy hook  i see 7 000 birthdays  h…
the  chdc_nr welcomed members of the community to a groundbreaking for its new heritage point affordable housing co…
the gop cared so much about balancing the budget when they gave nearly two trillion dollars away with the…
and they deserve the same respect  dignity and chance to succeed that the rest of us hope for ourselves  protect d r e a mers protect d a c a
i voted against the g o p tax scam because it s a massive gift to large corporations and wealthy campaign donors – pai…
rt  davidhogg111   speakerryan would you please please please allow a vote on universal background checks  if not  why  allow the vote
  housegop leaders continue to block any action whatsoever to aid d r e a mers  only congress can provide certainty fo…
thank you to all students in the 8th district who submitted artwork  it was wonderful to see the talent and dedicat…
words cannot express the sadness new orleans is feeling today  we have lost a true musical legend  fats domino
rt  repdonbeyer  new oped w/  housejuddems ranking member  repjohnconyers  rephankjohnson  davidcicilline on forced arbitration here 
why is  epascottpruitt wasting taxpayer money  americans deserve answer  it s time to shine a light on the epa  boot pruitt
rt  lcvoters  yes  thank you  repraulgrijalva   replowenthal &  repmceachin for demanding that  secretaryzinke stop playing games  protect…
rt  repcicilline  democrats have a real plan to give people a better deal through investing in our workers & reprioritizing groundbreaking r…
i m pleased  but not surprised  that pittsburgh made the cut and is still in the running for amazon s hq2  we ll co…
just spoke on the house floor calling for house republican leaders & the president to allow votes on legislation to…
 otd  1863  president lincoln delivers gettysburg address at dedication of soldier s national cemetery during the american civil war 
congrats  
rt  repbrochester  it s estimated that we ll need an additional 3 million slots for workforce training programs under this proposal  with  …
america s greatest moments happened because we invested in ourselves  our children  & our communities  it s time to…
what a beautiful day to open up the little league season in  ny16   here we are at the south riverdale little league…
while some would divide us  i stand united with our immigrant communities  thanks to  replindasanchez for the honor…
rt  hfacdemocrats  rm  repeliotengel s statement on the expulsion of russian diplomats 
last week during small business week  i chatted with  dmcicecream owner jess milbourn for another dishing with doris…
while  housegop has passed special interest bills  they have refused to bring up key bills that americans support & would help millions  1/
a  penngse study explored the disproportionate impact of school suspension and expulsion on black students in south…
thank you  completelykids1 for inviting me to speak with  ops_norris students about what it means to be a congressm…
hats off to the leech lake band of ojibwe for being one of 18 semifinalists in the 2018 honoring nations program  t…
rt  repwilson  four years and two days later  we re still fighting to bring back our girls  never give up hope 
3 years ago  i founded future forum to give young people the voice they deserve in congress  we ve met w/ young peo…
in minnesota  small businesses employ 1 2 million people and are the engine of our state s economy  as we celebrate…
we got some great news after our visit to  fuelcell_energy yesterday   energy is awarding over  3 million to suppor…
glad to join my colleagues  repmccaul and  repteddeutch in helping pass bipartisan legislation to hold iran account…
walk back week continues     marcorubio  gop tax bill didn t help workers  ex-hhs sec tom price  ending obamacare…
this is not normal  we cannot allow ourselves to go numb to the shock of another school shooting  i am praying for…
este proyecto de ley es un paso esencial  pero no es la solución duradera 
america is greater thx to contributions of latino community-- 55 4m strong & growing  ¡gracias y feliz mes de la herencia hispana 
rt  hacunews   repkihuen speaks during hacu 23rd annual national capitol forum on hispanic higher education reception in washington d c   h… 
rt  housedemocrats  here s how republicans give big tax cuts to the rich and make working families pay for it ↓
a warm thank you from the bottom of my heart to all of the incredible idea mcallen college prep students  joanna   
rep  cicilline statement on trump s latest attack on working people
a special thank you to all the wonderful teachers across colorado and our country  teachers  hard work  dedication…
the  epa is supposed to help protect the american people from hazardous air pollution  humans need cleanair joinin…
rt  emilyslist  the family and medical leave act  fmla  was signed 25 years ago today  it was an important first step  but if we truly want…
 doctors were more likely to get paid by drug companies if they prescribed a lot of opioids - and they were more li…
hmmm  for good reason    realdonaldtrump  and  sanity  have rarely ever met in the same sentence 
 mrruzicka  oprfschoolofbiz  oprfhistorydiv let s chat - we have supported several in chicago and am looking to cre…
proud to stand with america s students  your voice is making a difference in the fight for action to prevent gun vi…
rt  susanthesquark  if you want to take action on this  join me in supporting  repcheri s bill banning forced arbitration for cases of disc…
just introduced a bipartisan bill to increase staffing   improve infrastructure at our ports of entry -- that will…
 usabaseballwnt it was my pleasure  can t wait to do it again  baseball
too many local people are struggling to provide housing for their families in hawaii  our state is one of the most…
i d like to congratulate the 4th district winners of the 2018 congressional app challenge  aneesha manocha  abhijit…
i fundamentally believe social security & medicare r not just programs  they re values  we pay into them & we must get our return  2/
in just two days  illinois soybean growers and pork producers lost hundreds of millions in market value thanks to t…
a1 yes  immigration is a women s rights issue  for women seeking asylum or without legal status  already complicate…
rt  americaferrera  first latina olympic gymnast since the year i was born  go on  lzhernandez02 with ur badass self  imwithhernandez
rt  kyacte  great visit with  repjohnyarmuth advocating for  actecareertech    nps18 
anthony borges  who was shot five times while shielding his fellow classmates with his body during the february 14…
proud to receive a 94% score from  lcvoters  new hampshire is blessed with incredible natural beauty and open space…
 fiverrules  allahpundit what has mueller done to discredit himself 
a tribute and conversation among friends dedicated to the memory of legendary former congresswoman louise slaughter…
  repdesaulnier  happy birthday  grateful for your leadership on  edworkforcedems 
there is strong and growing demand for paidleave that promotes gender and economic equality and strengthens busine…
rt  housedemwomen  women make up 63% of adult  snap  recipients - cutting this crucial program will make it more difficult for them to care…
icymi -  repjaredpolis & i are working to make civilian helicopters safer by requiring newly manufactured helicopte…
want to hear more about what s going on in our country and how to get involved  tune in to wbez 91 5 fm this   
congratulations to andrew  a student in  ca20  who earned a congressional award for voluntary public service  person…
rt  reptimwalz  per  jctgov analysis  the g o p tax scam would add  1 5t to the deficit to give tax cuts to corporations  not one penny
rt  nwindianalife  congratulations to  ikorcc for breaking ground at their new merrillville location  nwindiana  …
i m proud to be a cosponsor of the safe c o a s t act to preserve post-deepwater horizon offshore safety rules  we must…
birmingham proud 
this week we recognize peace corps week  president kennedy had the foresight to establish a program that went beyond…
rt  bakari_sellers   dredparker  staceyplaskett  mcuban thx you  please spread the word 
today at 10 30am  i ll be joining  nancypelosi and other house colleagues in responding to president trump s misgui…
 our nation has made a commitment that our most significant historical  cultural  and natural sites should be prese…
the border wall is a physical representation of the cultural and racial insults   realdonaldtrump has spewed since…
happy st  patrick s day 
such an honor to speak at the  alicepaulinstit awards w/outstanding women -  njaflcio s laurel brennan   njnaacp s…
it was a pleasure to speak at this year s annual rural lenders  roundtable  i am honored i had the opportunity to…
 pcoschallenge  pcosgurl the most common cause of female infertility   pcos  affects 5-10 million american women & g…
great seeing the van kirk family from ahwatukee  thanks for stopping by our office 
house republicans voted it down  😳 democrats will continue to stand with all americans devastated by hurricanes …
rt  repswalwell  i m with  repdankildee in michigan for a future forum visit with apprentices & students at  deltacollege in bay city — the…
please pay attention to  faanews  faa  flight restrictions near kilaeua kilauea volcano
our bipartisan measures include expanding access to naloxone  strengthening prescription drug monitoring programs …
i want to thank  sethmoulton for cosponsoring the house bill to save net neutrality 
today i joined thousands of students who marched on the capitol and the white house for national walkout day to dema…
the united states of america is better than this and we must demand that  potus and his administration abide by our constitution 
i joined  facebook   nawbonational and  oneredmond for a boost your business seminar to talk about how we can help…
i like taking credit for a lot of  senjohnkennedy s quotes  but this isn t one of them  not to mention  i was safel…
  frankpallone once again speaking truth to power  having a conversation around the issues facing the american peop…
rather than working with democrats to craft a farm bill that supports american farmers and fulfills our commitment…
great to see anmol parande of  district128 in dc this week  his environmental app  gogreenapp was the winner of the…
 ladepthealth  nwlc  aarplouisiana  nationalcouncil lastly  how will this bill affect costs  such as deductibles &…
where s salt deduction  gutted in tax scam it was  cap must be repealed  g o p tax scam national haiku day
the american people have lost faith in the  epa under  epascottpruitt  i am supporting a resolution that calls for…
newly-released data from  usedgov reveals that african american students are disproportionately disciplined in denv…
the fact is that consumer spending has not accelerated  wages for middle-class families are not up  gdp growth has…
rt  drdenagrayson   christinearming  christynroyce  gop  realdonaldtrump  alangrayson yes  funds donated via this link fully support  alang…
rt  lyliannasea  beautiful story of connection to self  community & nature 
thinking of all of our gop colleagues  their families/staff on board & the truck drivers involved  saddened to lear…
i voted against the  gop tax bill  under the g o p tax bill the number of americans paying more in taxes would increas…
rt  willmauldin  rep   billpascrell &  repsandylevin address canadian reporters outside a patisserie in montreal  they downplayed talk of…
rt  duxathletics  congressman bill keating speaking at the 50th anniversary of decommissioning of uss duxbury bay 
this spiteful  irresponsible tax cut is not worth the paper on which it is written 
this is not president trump s decision to make  congress  not the president  gets to decide when to go to war 
rt  nwlc  many domestic violence survivors rely on  snap  to help them attain economic independence  hands off s n a p
rt  repmcgovern   housedemocrats  realdonaldtrump  repjimmygomez  repgutierrez  repjerrynadler  repcummings  repjayapal  reprubengallego  r…
oregon voters have spoken—medical and adult-use marijuana are legal in the state of oregon  now  a handful of count…
rt  unitehere  happening now  live on  cspan  combating sexual harassment the congressional caucus for women s issues holds a hearing on co…
wonderful event at the  road to recovery  gala last night to benefit the  gavinfoundation  a safe haven for those s…
this is an important step  nygovcuomo has taken for new york  more must be done at the federal level to ensure the…
rt  nickalbares   reprichmond  nometrealtors also  louisiana relies heavily on federal funding  which makes up more than 43% of the state b…
we should be working towards a solution to the humanitarian crisis by bringing both sides back to the negotiating t…
i m incredibly proud to be a senior member of the congressional  hispaniccaucus  follow the chc on social media 
devastated by the horrific news of a school shooting coming out of parkland  florida today  my heart and mind are w…
while productivity has increased at a relative rate since 1948  since the 1970s wages have not kept pace  inequality
there is only one common thread across the gun violence epidemic in america – guns  attempting to address this prob…
icymi  my prepare act amendment will save lives and save money  i have been working for 5 years to help the nation…
water is a crucial & limited resource in  nm  & we must do everything to protect & manage it effectively  thanks to…
even more so because it s true 
today s  usembassyisrael opening in jerusalem & killing of dozens of gaza protesters advances  netanyahu agenda of…
apprenticeships are valuable opportunities for students to earn while they learn valuable & in-demand needed skills…
rt  cspan    repalgreen   when hate emanates from the presidency the solution is impeachment  impeachment will be voted on before christmas…
rt  repbobbyrush  the  law and order  president just sent a signal that lying under oath and obstructing justice will be rewarded  disgrace…
coming on the heels of tax breaks to wealthy americans and corporations   hudgov  secretarycarson is proposed trip…
aca reminder  get covered
  wrj_vamc is spearheading techniques to more effectively manage pain & reduce the use of opioids among patients  i…
rt  evancleaver   the biggest gap in my soul is the room for improvement   -  repcleaver truman awards
rt  ac360  democrat rep  eric swalwell tells anderson cooper he does not believe trump ally roger stone is being straight with the america…
rt  reprichardneal  you can t upend the tax system without creating serious problems – & we re already seeing the g o p tax scam creating many…
rt  repbenraylujan  proud to stand with democratic caucus chairman  repjoecrowley and vice chair  replindasanchez to discuss our agenda to…
today is the 103rd anniversary of the armenian genocide  we must never forget & we must learn from this dark time s…
rt  witnesses_natl    foodchoices4all pointing out that  snap  allows for school students from low-income families to have free lunches at s…
reduce the ridiculous loophole for pass-through businesses in the new tax scam that heavily benefits the wealthy an…
rt  mollykinder  i so enjoyed participating in the  votenewdems  next  conference on futureofwork tech and portable benefits  congrats to…
rt  hortons_kids  thank you  microsoftipc and congressman  clyburn for your support of horton s kids and visiting us for an hour of code  h…
if we re going tackle inequality in this country  we need a better deal that invests in education  american workers …
each year  the federal government awards a significant percentage of contracting opportunities to small businesses…
thank you to the 4 600  seniorcorps volunteers here in massachusetts who volunteer their time to mentor at-risk and…
rt  nicschiegg  connolly-bera urge bolton to reverse white house retreat on global health security-&gt  g h s agenda he…
there s a reason leaders like  ameracadpeds &  marchofdimes oppose the trump administration s proposed  chip  cuts …
wanted  new economic advisor  ability to abandon previously reported views on trade a must  cable news and gop conf…
mr  speaker  paying for pass-through gimmicks and tax giveaways to multi-millionaires by raising taxes on moderate…
yesterday  i sent a letter to the  epa concerning the environmental contamination caused by the rockwell/textron pl…
no matter how much you try to divide us  you only strengthen our unity 
it sentences us and our children to trillion dollar deficits for years to come  it is a missed opportunity to show…
happy passover to all celebrating tonight 
look forward to discussing my work on environmentaljustice tomorrow  join us 
i strongly oppose this administration s decision to include a citizenship question on the 2020 census  watch me…
by every measure iran is in compliance with the jcpoa  iran has poured concrete into its plutonium reactor  reduced…
read my recent op-ed in  thehill on growing bipartisan interest in food as medicine mepolitics
last night  i joined members of the cambodian community in long beach to commemorate the cambodian genocide and hon…
great news  my amendment ordering a study of the economic impact of flight restrictions on local airports when…
great turnout at my 5th annual youth jobs and resource fair  where young people are connected with careers  summer…
open enrollment through  coveredca runs until january 31st  if you or someone you know are looking for an affordabl…
rt  spkcityheights  there s free tax prep services for those who generally make less than  54 000 a year  check this map to contact one nea…
black women must work until august 7 for their salaries to catch up to what white men made in 2017  indigenous wome…
rt  newsweek  trump impeachment vote will happen next week  promises texas democrat of  billionaire bigot 
dr  king was a visionary whose ideas inspired a generation  50 years after he was taken from us  we must commit our…
  reprobinkelly  may the chibok girls feel our spirit and know we re not giving up until they re home   bbog… 
did you miss last week s episode of  tothecontrary  watch it here  women thought leaders
a special thanks to  sengillibrand  senwarren  senblumenthal &  senatormenendez for lending their support on the se…
fattah team results - stem bill 4 million  bgca_clubs  firstweets
i was so happy to meet with students at liberty elementary in margate to celebrate autism awareness month
rt  usagainstalz  stopping alz requires change  ty  peterroskam and  replindasanchez for taking the lead with the change act - your dedica…
join me for some catch and conversation this upcoming tuesday  may 1st at houghton park in north long beach   ca44 
rt  housedpcc  watch  repcicilline   repdankildee   rephankjohnson   repmarcykaptur   repbeatty &  whiphoyer speak out on the g o p tax scam…
proud to join my colleague  repespaillat & our fellow nyc  housedemocrats to condemn the trump administration s pro…
protecting dreamers might be the most popular  bipartisan issue in america right now  let s end the year in unity …
it is not enough to simply hold a moment of silence  or place u s  flags at half-staff  we have to do the work to p…
i am working with rs and ds to find common ground on long-term budget that meets needs of american people and reope…
rt  engadget  us congressmen ask fcc to combat unauthorized stingray use
rt  jonathanalter  good primer on the lifelong liar who is our president 
today   nmqf we re discussing health equity from the womb into mature adulthood   there are women who are not medi…
ryan refuses to play fair  rewriting history from the house floor & not giving democrats equal time to speak  when…
 chakafattah proven results & unlimited potential   millions helped   more work to do  
the  gop  farm bill would kill key programs that onion and apple growers in our part of the world depend on  this bi…
the study provides a framework of ways to make flood insurance more affordable so everyone can afford to be protect…
to maintain the temperature of earth  we must triple government investment in low-emissions tech  our 🌎depends on it
flint families had their water poisoned as a result of callous decisions by the state government  four years later …
 realdonaldtrump you don t get to make that determination 
when he testified before congress last week   epascottpruitt said he wasn t planning to try to undermine state clea…
reminder 
tens of thousands of low-income new yorkers will be burden by  hudgov rent hike 
last year  i joined millions of women and our allies worldwide to stand up and say that we will not be silenced  wh…
there is still time to find a health care plan that works for you and your family  visit be…
the changes going into effect this week give americans the tools they need to make healthy choices  graphic credit …
rt  martinomalley  we re better than this  america deserves more than a commander-in-chief that openly incites violence 
rt  worldpoliticsdc  hey florida  72 hours left  join me  alan grayson  now pres  toni van pelt  ring of fire s mike papantonio   nicolesan…
this is what happens when wealthy and well-connected special interests call the shots in washington  flood the swamp
the best meetings on the hill happen in the hall 
rt  nancypelosi  rising prescription drug prices are forcing roughly one in five americans to ration the medication that keeps them healthy…
i posted a new photo to facebook
congress needs to take bipartisan action to fix our broken immigration system and make us a stronger and more competitive economy 
our young people are the future of our san joaquin valley and country  and the dedicated educators and remarkable s…
community health centers like  urbanhealthplan are so vital to the health and welfare of  nyc  families  honored to…
the future of the internet is at stake as we continue to fight against the  fcc s repeal of net neutrality  senate…
it s always an honor to visit with vice president  joebiden  he s a man of honor and integrity  thanks to the…
great to see my friend representative  adrianmadaro at the east boston caucus this morning  thanks to everyone for…
2  trumpcare = less coverage  24 million people will lose insurance   3/6 
never be afraid to be who you are because of who you love  happy national coming out day
there is a group of veterans  many still alive today  who served our nation honorably and are now suffering because of it  memorial day2016
no single law will prevent gun violence  but we owe it to victims  their families  and the american people to act …
rt  jecdems  rescinding  daca  would remove 30 000 jobs a month from the economy  our new blog post  defend d a c a htt…
rt  rickmartinmedia  happening now at the douglas county courthouse is the  repdavidscott art competition  we are recording the event to ai…
join me now at the markup of h res  235  a bill to provide  househomeland with information pertinent to the russian…
equal pay day marks the day women in america make as much as their male counterparts in 2017  we must pass bipartisa…
this week  i had honor of speaking at  recognizing inspirational school employees  award ceremony to recognize my c…
congratulations to dean trantalis on making history in ft  lauderale tonight  mayor-elect trantalis has a true pass…
equalpay is not just a women s issue  it impacts our families  businesses  & economy  equal pay day
congratulations to  mhs_messenger junior mahagoni bracey  winner of my 16th annual congressional art competition  s…
rt  homelanddems  icymi - ranking member  benniegthompson blasts  inhumane  trump policy on border crossings
congratulations to  mowdiabloregion on its 50th anniversary  each year  nearly 10 000 seniors contact the diablo re…
i am so humbled to be honored by  healthfirstny at this year s women s history month community awards celebration …
today  a great injustice has been righted  hector barajas has worked very hard to earn his citizenship and i sincer…
this week  rsvp now for our veterans engagement summit  veterans and their families are invited to join us thursday…
rt  earthworks    repdianadegette  repcartwright  janschakowsky &  repjaredpolis introduce plan to rein in oil & gas industry 
each week seems to bring a new mind-boggling story about corruption in the trump administration  administrator prui…
join rep  ted yoho  r-fl-3   senator johnny isakson  r-ga   senator chris coons  d-de  and myself for a panel discu…
i ve made it a priority to advocate for a more robust  comprehensive farm bill that fixes our broken food system fr…
thanks for the opportunity to reflect on the legacy kevin leaves behind as a dad  husband and dedicated public serv…
trump pardons  scooter  libby in cia leak case  libby leak
on wednesday  april 4  i m holding a town hall in madison to discuss the issues facing congress and hear from you …
rt  nowthisnews  what if young people hold the power to change our country s gun laws 
stuart kyle duncan has spent a significant portion of his career denying equality to minorities and members of the…
this weekend i ll be attending the march for our lives event in raleigh  but my d c  staff will be hosting an open…
yesterday  i met with the  ibwc   the  nadb_bdan  and representatives from the  cityoflaredotx to discuss the propos…
wonderful to visit the paso robles youth arts foundation last week while they were practicing for their upcoming pe…
i m very proud to have earned a score of 100% from the league of conservation voters 2017 national environmental scorecard   lcvoters
this time around the farm bill is being written in a partisan way – even though we all rely on our farmers  i m wor…
today is diabetes alert day  diabetes is the 7th leading cause of death for americans  and more than 7 000 000 peop…
if enacted  this budget would substantially harm critical u s  interests  put embassies and diplomats at risk  and…
i m at the u s  capitol now  before i left the bronx i voted  there are special elections in many areas of ny state…
got an update & toured the  ndotprojectneon construction site  this project will help ease traffic jams at spaghett…
rt  repmarktakano  it may seem like fun and games in a video  but in real life the g o p tax scam is designed to screw over middle-class famil…
important facts for the day - the gender wage gap is real - it is even worse for women of color - it affects childr…
holocaust remembrance day
had a great meeting today with students from macomb and oakland counties to discuss gun violence and school safety 
the failure to fire rob porter earlier and the constant churn within the white house are indicative of a central mo…
the  fcc took away a free and open internet  today we re introducing legislation that will bring net neutrality back  save the internet
rt  housedemocrats  watch live  house democratic leaders provide an update on the trump shutdown
in honor of public schools week  i intro d a bill to repair school and library buildings  upgrade broadband infrast…
rt  sentinasmith   icymi   the bipartisan bill i introduced with senator  lisamurkowski to expand access to mental health services for young…
protecting women s access to affordable health services in our communities is critical  i stand with…
after you read this  you ll understand why the gun epidemic that plagues this nation is a uniquely american problem…
photo of the day go huskies beat colorado purple reign pac12 championship
tune in 
fox news  why are you so damn quiet now  knowing everything  lying on everybody  bullying everybody  claiming to be…
thrilled that  big guns  made the  vanityfair list of  what to read in april 
did you know america s first latina cabinet secretary was from l a county  as labor secretary   hildasolis led our…
great discussion about international human rights issues with the  cityhonors  amnesty student group 
looks like it s a great tax day for wall street and the mega banks  but for most hardworking americans  not so mu…
the opioid epidemic is impacting families & communities in nh and across the country  a year after i founded the bi…
the hunger crisis touches everyone  including college campuses across the country  our food & farm policies should…
i joined 82 of my  housedemocrats to call for the dream act be added to the omnibus spending bill  add the dream ac…
rt  senschumer  instead of learning from their failure to repeal health care  gop is doubling down on the same partisan strategy that would…
of course  can t imagine not holding town halls around our district  it s such a critical part of democracy and rep…
rt  tinderfireinfo  all residents and small animals are being evacuated to the twin arrows casino - 22181 resort blvd  flagstaff  az 86004 …
 epascottpruitt on march 29  we learned scott pruitt had a sweetheart  heavily discounted  apartment rental deal wi…
we are getting reports that gov  rauner will make a decision about vital repro rights legislation hb40 in the   
live q&a  we re taking questions on public education in delaware  watch here--&gt  or…
 iamrosemichelle great point
potus has gop laboring uphill in this midterm and keeps loading their backs with more political baggage 
yesterday  democrats hosted a forum on school safety  we heard testimony from a parkland teacher  listened to the e…
at the everglades summit  i talked about what i learned from my recent everglades climate change tour  including h…
icymi  rep  tulsi gabbard   sensanders introduce bill to hold big pharma accountable for opioid epidemic…
rt  chci    lorettasanchez delivers opening remarks during c h c i s plenary on the hispanic consumer   2016hhm 
every day millions of americans struggle with hunger  but we can help  tomorrow we can stamp out hunger by leaving…
happy birthday to my friend   reprobinkelly  thank you for your tireless commitment & leadership to end gun violence 
the abysmal work environment that polluting pruitt has created at the  epa  undermines the decades of knowledge & ex…
 promesa 
rt  repstephmurphy  the students of marjory stoneman douglas returned to class today for the first time since the parkland shooting  what…
joined the newport news school board and the newport news education foundation in honoring the academic achievement…
happy international workers day to workers everywhere  especially in district one  i stand with you in the fight for…
rt  johnjharwood  hud preparing rent hike of up to  100 a month for 4 5-million families receiving federal housing assistance  per washpost…
 secretaryross i support holding our trade partners accountable  but our farmers deserve fair trade too  you should…
hmmm  evidently when the house science committee becomes the house technology & space committee  brought to you by…
rt  aclu  this is the sixth country for which the government has terminated temporary protected status  instability and violence in hondur…
yesterday i met with ivan zapien and kyle simpson of hogan lovells law firm to discuss energy issues  from left to…
thank you for your service   repbarbaralee  i m grateful for your leadership and friendship 
no bolton  no mueller investigation   no philandering president  just escaping to margaritaville on broadway tonig…
i had a good conversation with john williams  who i hope will bring california wisdom to his new post as ceo of…
i salute and thank the u s  armed forces  particularly cdr karen muntean  u s n   for the  u s  navy experience    
good to see americans released by north korea  now we must push for the release of other hostages  especially the…
this one is easy  yes 
i couldn t agree more 
50 years have passed since the tragic assassination of martin luther king  jr  today we honor the indomitable leg…
rt  alangomez  as  realdonaldtrump admin tries to increase incarceration of undocumented immigrants  democrats  kamalaharris    repjayapal…
funding  chip  now is a no-brainer congress should stop debating and fund c h i p now or  we can wait until 2018  elect…
yesterday  the  deptofdefense released their annual sexual assault prevention & response office  sapro  report 
video  a commitment  a promise  a call to action
   border region  infrastructure improvements at our land ports of entry would be far more effective in protecting our nation from   
we re headed to sunnyslope this month  get help with federal agencies at mobile office hours  wednesday  may 9th  1 …
properties in our community  minute maid park  home of the world series champion  astros  is one of the country s b…
i m standing up for our teachers & for public schools by co-sponsoring  repohalleran s congressional resolution in…
the bridge house in albany  georgia was built in 1858 by horace king  a freed african-american architect  this hist…
this morning i reviewed the nunes memo and the democratic response  all i can say is this  the  housegop is attempt…
2/2 - big pharma must stop prioritizing profits over saving lives and make naloxone cheaper and more readily availa…
rt  govsandoval  as a mark of respect and in remembrance of barbara bush  i have ordered flags to half-staff  beginning today through sunse…
the  priority cleanup list  referenced in the story was created by  epascottpruitt and does not have clear guidelin…
 fy19ndaa  recognizes importance of manufacturing extension partnership program   mep  helps small & med-sized biz re…
only because  fscdems created the  cfpb will wells fargo be held to account and other banks will be deterred from s…
rt  arizonadot  an extended closure is expected on sr 87 from milepost 290 at clints well to milepost 312  two miles north of the elks picn…
rt  housedemocrats  wishing all who celebrate a peaceful and reflective ramadan 
in 2016  unintentional & preventable injuries took 161 000 lives  making it the 3rd leading cause of death in the u…
kids knocking on  tonystrickland s door this year will only receive vouchers for candy   ca26 
unlike  speakerryan  minnesotans know the difference between the top 1% and the middle-class  my constituents sent…
rt  repdelbene  glad to introduce the  snap  work opportunity act with  repjimmcdermott to prevent 1m people from losing benefits 
thank you to everyone who attended my town hall in federal way  this community meeting was an opportunity to share…
when scott pruitt isn t dismantling public health protections  he s flying first class on the taxpayer dime  we nee…
por otro lado  he tratado de servirle a quienes nos han servido 
pleased to deliver opening remarks at  aclalabs  annual meeting  where i spoke about my ongoing efforts in congress…
it s becoming real  today s house admin committee markup stops members of congress from using taxpayer money to pay…
great meeting w/ secafofficial to discuss how  usairforce uses modeling  simulation  & training tech to strengthen…
today  i m hosting a gun violence forum  speakers include students  snoco  sheriff office captain scott parker  uw…
thanks ambassador  olofsdotterk and barbro ehnbom for asking me to keynote today s conference on u s  & global life…
delaney criticizes fcc decision to repeal net neutrality
democratic u s  rep  dan lipinski   we should focus on bringing all of the democrats together  via  wgnradio
cybersecurity policy has long been an area of bipartisan agreement  and the nation has benefited from the work of…
 2/2  since the hurricane hit and conditions continue to worsen on the island  the suicide rate has increased by ne…
this weekend saw yet another mass shooting  an ar-15 was used  the suspect was known to the police  but it was all…
rt  reptimwalz  the annual bipartisan minnesota congressional delegation hotdish competition always brings out smiles 
everyone  no matter your race  income level  or job  has the right to a safe and respectful working environment…
important to remember  if you were granted daca  you can still submit an application to renew your status here …
rt  drdenagrayson  👏🏼great👏🏼news👏🏼 my hubby  alangrayson says he s running for his old seat in congress‼️🇺🇸 alan will push to impeach tru…
live in long beach at the march4ourlives
this year  i am proud to announce that my office was able to return  102 109 57 to pay down the national debt  in t…
yesterday  i had the pleasure of meeting susan shaw  a talented local artist from richmond whose work was featured…
rt  realdonaldtrump  i am no fan of bill cosby but never-the-less some free advice - if you are innocent  do not remain silent  you look gu…
mr  president  the committee reached no such conclusion — only republicans  in fact  we did find evidence of collus…
rt  tedlieu  earlier this month  repkathleenrice and i wrote a letter to the  fbi asking for an investigation of  realdonaldtrump attorney…
i let the speaker  housegop have it for showing no leadership on addressing gun violence  2  decades of dereliction…
important morning at the transportation rail subcommittee  where we held a hearing on positive train control  ptc  -…
tune into 3rd m i i a whats next hearing at 1pm to hear dems discuss ways to update make it in america jobs plan 
incredible stories of strength and courage at community roundtable in leominster today with local leaders  proud…
❌ undermining health care ❌ cutting student loans ❌ weakening the standard of living the trump budget is just ano…
click here to watch my interview with  mitchellreports on  msnbc today 
it s an honor to receive the spirit of enterprise award from the  uschamber  a voice for economic growth and a cham…
these comments disqualify director mulvaney from holding a public office of any kind  he should resign from the omb and the cfpb 
rt  cspanwj  rep  marcy kaptur  d-oh  joins us for a discussion on trade policy & the state of manufacturing in the u s 
my colleagues and i released a statement on the racist political cartoon about dreamers published in the albuquerqu…
whether it s clean water for our kids  preventing stronger hurricanes due to climate change  or protecting farmers…
looking forward to a big  soundersfc win tonight s e av v a n
rt  tomporterdc  congrats from  iava to  oef   oif  vets newly elected to congress   scotttaylorva  brownformd  mikeforwi  jim_banks  brianma…
if you recognize the following vehicles  please call  lbpd at  562  570-7132  1  a late-1990s honda accord with a d…
prc s actions have been the opposite of us objectives in the asia-pacific  thx to update ph for this great article 
meet tiffany boyd  my appointee for the la county commission for children and families  a  longbeachcity resident …
they are vital for safeguarding free speech  which is essential for maintaining a robust democracy  and they are cr…
we re in the 16th hour of the trump shutdown leaving americans concerned about our economy  federal workers  chip …
you can read more about our bill in  thehill online  opioid epidemic
last thing wi needs is a plan that gives massive tax cuts to wealthy special interests while sticking our kids & grandchildren with the bill
rt  whiphoyer  a few reminders  mr  president  1  you ended  daca  & created this crisis  2  you ve rejected every bipartisan solution put f…
how did  housegop plan to pay for their massive corporate tax cut  drastic cuts in  potus budget is the answer  the…
⬇️last day 
saddened by the news this weekend of another tragic death of a trans woman of color  one life too many  ty  lavernecox for speaking out 
rt  repmarkpocan  there are better ways to deal with the tensions in gaza than bullets  restraint is necessary for peace to ever occur  ht…
don t delay  enroll today  i joined faith leaders urging folks to get health care through open enrollment  watch 
there are 2 chambers of congress  i ve been clear that as a member of the house  i m talking that body  as for…
on this day in 1999  13 people were shot & killed at columbine high school  19 years later  congress hasn t taken…
great briefing this week w/the  officialcbc  feedingamerica  marthastableorg  foodbank4nyc  toendhunger to discuss…
he will never apologize for his founding campaign sin  calling immigrants rapists and criminals  in fact  he is bas…
just filed 3 misdemeanor charges against a real estate agent for price gouging on the heels of the north bay…
treasonous is an awfully big word coming from someone who refuses to impose sanctions on russia for interfering in…
let s keep the early vote momentum going with a day of action to  gotv   join me tomorrow at 10 am  details here 
i am truly grateful for the endorsement of rep  john lewis  a champion of civil rights  defender of freedom and pow…
recently passed house  faa  bill is a great start for long-term investments in aviation infrastructure needs…
representing 78 million americans in congressional districts around the country around the country 
rt  1a  and now…can humans engineer the planet to mitigate the effects of climate change  should we  we re discussing with  jacob_brogan   …
many of the vulnerabilities that existed in 2016 elections continue to undermine our election infrastructure today …
wishing  nhpr  verginger the best in her transition to  mygpb  i ve enjoyed virginia s thoughtful work for years &…
proud of the students across the country participating in the dayof silence  you are not alone  🏳️‍🌈
david shulkin was ousted from his top post at the va by people who want to enrich the wealthy and weaken care for o…
the revote on the g o p tax scam doesn t change the fact that a bad bill  is a bad bill  is a bad bill 
rt  fixthecourt  we did it  many thanks to  maziehirono  sentedcruz  repzoelofgren  repjerrynadler  repmikequigley  rephankjohnson  gerryco…
rt  reproybalallard  john kelly s comments against immigrants are revolting and shameful  has he forgotten he s descended from irish and it…
awesome  also hope  wheeling_cats will check out our just-launched s t e m scholars program for 10th district students…
if  epascottpruitt cared as much about science and the environment as he cares for telephone booths and first class…
shirley chisholm is 1 of my s h ero s & today would have been her 92nd b-day  learn more about her & her many firsts
 mikefrantz__  senatemajldr  govmattbevin  louisvillemayor  stmfd congratulations  thank you for your service 
mar-a-lago is a symbol of the trump administration but not in the way the president thinks  excellent piece by…
rt  homelanddems  was tillerson fired today because he stood with the uk over putin  we need to know 
you work hard  that should still mean something   realdonaldtrump threatens that — not with tweets and chaos — with…
i recently worked w/ senbillnelson   senrubiopress & other fl members to call on congress to fund 500 new  cbp offi…
rt  tictoc  live   wolfforpa   repdonnabullock   repdwightevans and  meekmill call for criminal justice reform in harrisburg  pennsylvania …
these kids  thank you  march for our lives march for our lives boston  mfolboston  amarch4ourlives
no matter the genre or decade  women artists have used the power of their music to give voice to their experiences …
california s sb54 facilitates the deportation of those convicted of serious crimes  but california need not help de…
rt  housedemocrats  the house votes this week on the g o p budget which would make deep cuts to medicare & medicaid to give a tax break to mi…
targeting trans troops is immoral and undermines our military  trans service members and recruits should be judged…
rt  repkclark  i will never forget watching as the  housegop celebrated passing trumpcare – a vote which caused families across the countr…
potus s words demonstrate a moral compass where north is south  east is west we must be of one course as a country-to condemn hate & racism 
and don t forget  senate trumpcare still strips 22 million people of their health insurance  including 15 million in 2018—as in next year 
if you re interested  here are some additional thoughts on my vote
the house just passed a bill that simply pushes a government shutdown into next month and inadequately addresses ov…
the trump administration has failed to send our state the funding we need  and nh treatment & recovery centers have…
after including support for election security in this year s government funding bill  i was pleased to join…
attention  d r e a mers — you can still renew your daca  if you re eligible  visit 👉
today  i joined the maryland delegation in sending a letter to gov hogan inquiring about his plans to protect maryl…
rt  cnbc  the u s  is lagging behind european countries in terms of how it regulates tech companies  according to maryland congressman john…
 coveredca members  you still have time to sign up for health insurance  for coverage starting march 1st  january 3…
10 billion meals  30 million meals a day  10 million americans left hungry -- that is what trump is attempting to…
the trump shutdown was caused by the  sh*thole comment   negotiations were underway  and then the worst instincts o…
want to start exporting your products but don t know where to start   sbagov has you covered with resources to take…
i m thrilled to be a co-founder of the new congressional freethought caucus  which will help spark an open dialogue…
check out these great old photos for a picture of how napa looked 100 years ago  thank you napa county historical s…
 daca  save d a c a
today is a dark day in america  the only crime  daca  students are guilty of is aspiring for the american dream 
the president and his allies in congress fool no one   potus has no interest in doj records apart from the light th…
rt  callerbetty  rosamaria hernandez was placed in removal proceedings immediately after being discharged from  dchstx  she was taken to a…
rt  jimmycawley  heading out to work phones for mike capuano down ashmont way    voted at 7 30 am go mike masen
are you a young entrepreneur   sbagov s mentor-protégé programs can help connect you with experienced contractors t…
sunday marks the beginning of police week  a time to recognize the local  state  and federal law enforcement office…
important work being done  plannedparswcfl protecting women s access to low-cost  quality healthcare  stand with p p
rt  amprog   if that is luck in the american health care system  then we should be ashamed    repjoekennedy c a p ideas
rt  ace_fitzgerald  congratulations to  ideafoundrypgh  ckitchenpgh  prototypepgh & pittsburgh conservation corps for winning  250 000 in t…
we worked across the aisle to roll back these harmful changes and cut down on noise  this is an important victory f…
rt  lcvoters  thank you  usrepkcastor 👏👏👏👏boot pruitt
rt  topherspiro  🚨 red alert  the white house and conservative groups are unveiling a new health care repeal bill this month  we obtained t…
pleased to see the wonderful progress from  nature_org and the wild bison herd in the kankakee sands preserve  i ap…
close to home in my district  the oroville dam could have failed  sending a wall of water downriver and obliterati…
rt  housebluedogs  the  uscbo report provides stark new evidence that we are on an unsustainable fiscal path—placing our economy & our chil…
i was saddened by the passing of rev  f d  reese  i first met rev  reese in 1963 on my first trip to selma  he help…
get well soon  hoping for a speedy and as comfortable of a recovery as possible
today  senate democrats vote to save the internet  proud to support similar net neutrality legislation here in the h…
it was an honor to join our fresno community this morning in celebrating dr  martin luther king jr  s life & legac…
terminating tps for hondurans threatens to uproot families who have made lives for themselves in the u s  over the…
as more american workers are laid off & jobs are shipped overseas following the g o p tax scam payback to corporate do…
today is national prescription drug take back day  please look around  and if you have any unused or expired medica…
one of the many reasons the mueller investigation is so important is b/c congress & americans need to understand an…
the facts continue to pile up against the shameful g o p tax scam  showing it s not doing enough to help small busines…
rep  robert brown elliott served the 3rd district of  sc  from 1871 to 1874  black history month  tbt   4/9 
rt  nancypelosi  wishing the very best to  repanthonybrown  rest up & we ll see you back in the people s house soon 
last night  i joined alpha phi alpha s new mexico chapter   abqalphas  to honor the amazing scholarship recipients…
rt  rvivian370   repdarrensoto puerto rico task force & job fair in kissimmee   roxdelariva  pbcdhc  izamontalvonews  lachicamayra  hrc_orl…
in honor of womenshistorymonth  i m joining  repbrianfitz   repspeier   repdesaulnier and  senbobcasey to designat…
rt  readyla  report fire damage from creek fire skirball fire and rye fire by calling  211lacounty or online at th…
rt  cityofsumnerwa  ah  pure bliss  one of the city s many street trees are in full celebration of spring 
 2/3  but they turned their grief into powerful action  because of their tireless work – often traveling to d c  at…
looking forward to showing you around western wisconsin  if you re in grant country  keep an eye out for  repcheri…
rt  housejuddems  ranking member  repjohnconyers  statement opposing  hr732   the  stop settlement slush funds act of 2017 
rt  juliannagoldman  this is frightening and cannot be the norm   holocaust is fading from memory  survey finds  - 41% of americans  and 66…
good news here  but the president should have stated the actual reason for dissolving the commission - there is no…
rt  bmhs_library  marcy kaptur is visiting bmhs today 
take a look at what i ve been working on in ca-36 & dc on your behalf   kmirnews
proud to stand with  govmurphy  nj leaders  and  cecilerichards as new jersey loudly and unabashedly supports equit…
the temporary assistance for needy families block grant helps keep families together and prepares low-income parent…
very well said  thanks  catholicdems
 he s yet to honor james shaw jr   who went into the waffle house&saved people w/his bare hands   trump has done no…
my thoughts and prayers are with the pennsylvania state trooper who was shot today in northampton county 
walked out of congress in solidarity with students in san diego & across the nation calling for action to prevent g…
 epaoig we also sent a follow-up letter to administrator pruitt reminding him of outstanding congressional requests…
it was a pleasure meeting with  whitfordbradley and  jaybutera yesterday on behalf of  citizensclimate to discuss c…
rt  officialcbc    kristenclarkejd c b c demands justice
so-called republican census reform is another thinly veiled attack on our democracy  they won t stop  we can t stop…
sean hannity buys apartment complex  61 tenants evicted - newsweek
 iteptweets according to the irs  46% of households in md claim the salt deduction—the largest share of any state in the country 
after sandy hook  parents and communities across the country advocated for safer gun laws  but five years later  th…
my heavy heart goes out to ryan zirkle s family  friends  loved ones  the marin county sheriff department  and our…
  realdonaldtrump s actions serve only to isolate us from our allies  to encourage iran to obtain a nuclear weapon …
these americans  accounts of opioid addiction are painful  but are also vitally important in our efforts to tackle…
make no mistake  by reimposing sanctions lifted in the iran nuclear agreement  president trump has manufactured an…
to our heroes on law enforcement appreciation day  the difference you make in our communities cannot be measured  whi…
with  repdanryan and  sendidomenico to kick off our day of action in charlestown with some of the amazing volunteer…
macron seduced trump and the gop with all the hugs and kisses  his message is to ditch authoritarianism and the al…
rt  cmarinucci  today -- your chance to weigh in on ca offshore oil drilling   rephuffman   repspeier  and  repthompson to hold a public me…
while we focus on the tragic loss of 17 innocent individuals  we must not lose sight of the fact that there will be…
not surprised the white house tried to bury our memo  or that the president would feel the need to go on fox to exp…
wonderful to meet with eastern  ct  reps from  stbaldricks yesterday  they are in washington fighting for the childh…
california is once again the world s 5th largest economy  our state must continue to be a model for the nation and…
in taking an extension to file his tax returns  trump is laughing in the face of every american who expects transpa…
rt  repbarbaralee  as a single mother who relied on food stamps to help feed my boys  i can t overstate how offensive this proposal is  low…
american families deserve to know what s in their water  once again  this administration is putting corporate profi…
rt  anantaaspen  conversation on  an agenda for economic cooperation-key policies to deepen and expand trade & investments  with jamshyd go…
i also voted against the  gop continuing resolution because it does not address the needs of puerto rico & the…
my thanks again to the many members and friends who stayed late one night to remember our friend louise   i think…
rt  hfacdemocrats  rm  repeliotengel s statement on israel s independence day yom haatzmaut 
today s the last day to get your artwork in to our buffalo district office
rt  barackobama  starting today  you can sign up for 2018 health coverage  head on over to and find a plan that mee…
this is how democracies fail in today s world  not by one single event  but by slowly eroding the institutions that…
dedicated  mealswheelswny volunteers deservedly recognized for bringing food and friendship to those in need 
rt  repalgreen  next week  there will be a vote to impeach the bigot-in-chief  our constituents expect us to eliminate  not tolerate  hate …
rt  hispaniccaucus    hispaniccaucus   joaquincastrotx  repgonzalez &  repfilemonvela denounce texas  anti-immigrant  sb4  law --&gt 
rt  sunsentinel  lois frankel to donald trump  don t kill iran deal  fix it
monday  may 21st is the deadline to register to vote in california s june 5th primary elections  don t miss it  eve…
as a doctor myself  i know that steve serves our community in many ways  we need to make sure that government is w…
no amount of rain could stop these courageous  mfollouisville student activists from making their voices heard  hon…
in honor of national women s history month  we recognize rosalie wahl  the first woman to sit on the minnesota supr…
he claims he will deliver better trade policy  but he s delivered nothing in last year  and see our china trade de…
it s true i ve been working on my photobomb skills 
proud to join the la grange fire department today in raising funds for  stbaldricks children cancer research  a lo…
join me next wednesday  may 2nd for a water quality town hall in compton  residents will have the opportunity to h…
rt  johnbrennan  a highly partisan  incomplete  and deeply flawed report by a broken house committee means nothing  the special counsel s w…
rt  internetassn  our first stop on crawl crown heights is freshly baked studios  a music studio right here in crown heights 
i had a great time joining  namicommunicate dupage for their annual shine a light gala this weekend  our community…
rt  hispaniccaucus  ** the white house s fear-mongering is on full display today ** first trump  then kelly  now kirstjen nielsen    and…
as the founder of the congressional caucus to end bullying  i believe it s okay to be prepared  no one should be bullied for being prepared
there are now nearly 250 house members signed onto our queen of the hill rule to allow us to start debate on legislat…
enjoyed sharing legislative updates with  il05  families at the greater independence park neighborhood association  …
¡atenciÓn dreamers  actualmente aún puedes solicitar la renovación de tu permiso  daca   si cumples con los requisit…
did you get yesterday s trivia tuesday question correct   nola300 
delicious paczki from polonia bakery in passaic have made their way on  amtrak down to capitol hill  paczki day…
protecting our natural habitats and wildlife is one of the most important charges of a society  though the work con…
look forward to seeing you there 
new on langevin hits the rhode  it was a pleasure to meet ms  geraldine ramagalia of warwick and deliver her a nutrit…
while we prepare for earth day this weekend  this administration is once again proving it is out of touch with the…
election assistance commission   380m in new grants to help states fortify election systems  resuming robust fundi…
congratulations senator-elect doug jones  i look forward to working with you 
 we must work to find common ground and not just work against each other  i remain relentlessly hopeful that we can…
wishing our sikh american neighbors  classmates & colleagues a happy vaisakhi 
rt  keithellison  nearly six months ago  my colleagues and i asked sec  devos for information about 1000 minnesota students who were defrau…
i sent a bipartisan letter to  cmsgov today urging  seemacms to support the shift to value-based health care and gi…
rt  theislandnow  suozzi defends immigration on house floor
looking forward to speaking at the dean s distinguished lecture luncheon at  thelbjschool tomorrow at  utaustin 
great to visit with the students and educators today  lincolntech  they are truly building the skills employers are…
honored to introduce my good friend rep   sethmoulton at the  dsmpartnership s congressional luncheon   dmdc2018 
gop has not held a single hearing on their pay more for less bill  so democrats held one today to ask the questions americans want answered 
de s coastline is one of our most cherished resources  that s why i was proud to testify before the house natural r…
proud to intro the empower care act w/  repguthrie to provide seniors & those with disabilities the opportunity to…
thurgood marshall observed that none of us got where we are solely by pulling ourselves up by our bootstraps  we g…
wisconsinites have the right to protect their private information  which is why i m voting no on s j  res 34  broadbandprivacy
the allegations against attorney general schneiderman are deeply disturbing and shocking  and his immediate resigna…
thank you to everyone who celebrated laredo day in washington  it was a pleasure joining the  cityoflaredotx  membe…
thank you  repdankildee for keeping eyes on flint  four years later  flint families are still using filters and bo…
strong workplace safety requirements save lives and protect working people 
horrifying  my heart goes out to the victims of this evil attack 
a z vets  we re bringing bootsto books to  uofa to connect service members  veterans  and their families with higher…
rt  oversightdems  breaking  top dems to gowdy  finally start investigating president trump s compliance w/ emoluments clause of u s  const…
with the passing of dr  stephen hawking  the world has lost one of the singularly greatest minds that explored the…
rt  emilyrpeck  how companies use  objective  performance reviews to manage out women -- here s a good example 
the children of this country  in parkland  florida and beyond  have said  enough  it is on congress to provide more…
thank you to the  ilsoybean association for stopping by the office today 
rt  meg__rossman  a proud day in the city of niagara falls n y today with the official opening of the niagara falls underground railroad heri…
rt  miss_sue22  excited to be on the hill today on behalf of  iamcervivor to talk with maddie in representative  daveloebsack s office abou…
  realdonaldtrump has  🔵 made a mockery of ethics law and regulation /1
rt  repmcgovern   breaking   trump just blocked the democratic memo that sets record straight on  housegop attempt to undermine trump russia…
thank you  carlosgsmith for your leadership in encouraging publix to do what is right for its employees 
1/ what i love about the farm bill  and ag in general  is that it is comprehensive  it is urban  rural  and global …
rt  travelcoalition  thank you  congressmanraja for meeting with il travel leaders today to discuss what matters most to our industry  tra…
the president just brought on another lawyer  joe digenova  who had been auditioning on fox news by peddling the co…
you re welcome  lalgbtcenter 
today is vietnam war veterans day  a day to honor our vietnam war veterans  remember those who made the ultimate sacr…
20 foreign affairs dems joined op-ed i authored  have long maintained need for ind invest of trump/russia ties
from my statement on house ag farm bill mark-up   i am  & i have always been  committed to commonsense farm &…
cities and states across the nation are passing meaningful gun reform laws to keep our students and our streets saf…
rt  thehill  maxine waters tears into trump after flynn charge  admit your guilt and tell the truth
la reestructuración de deuda que autoriza la ley promesa debe comenzar ya 
i voted against the g o p tax scam because it will hurt middle class families in illinois  slash medicare funding  and…
except for baguettes and wine i ve never envied the french  until today  pres macron gave the speech most americans…
rt  hispaniccaucus  our fellow citizens in puerto rico deserve better than this 
proud to be named one of  roinjnews  2018 roi influencers for my work to get the fifth district a better return on…
catching up with  asmpatodonnell in sacramento and talking about why  ab1795  makes perfect sense  lobby day
we must protect an accurate 2020census from being subverted for trump s political purposes 
rt  e2org   an attack on solar energy is an attack on the countless hardworking nevadans who benefit from this growing industry  my new bi…
rt  drdenagrayson  👇🏼here👇🏼is the playbook on how mueller got gates to roll  his sidekick  andrew weissmann  went after gates  wife‼️ hast…
happening now   sbagov is hosting a free webinar on the future of marketing— fusion marketing   sign up here 
d r e a mers  if your  daca  expires before 03/05/18  you must submit your renewal app  by 10/05/17  here are the forms…
rt  repteddeutch  7 000 pairs of shoes  7 000 children killed by gun violence since the sandy hook massacre in 2012  this  has  to  stop …
below is a segment of my remarks from today s house consideration of the fy 2017 continuing resolution 
rt  topherspiro    repjoekennedy in a powerful speech at c a p ideas   a year ago  republicans finally got the chance they had worked for  to…
great to meet with members of the beer wholesalers association of new jersey  including leaders of high grade bever…
i stand with these students who are protesting all around the country to change our insane gun laws and save lives …
today marks the four-year anniversary of the crisis in flint  but the reality is water infrastructure around the co…
rt  hispaniccaucus    speakerryan  how about we clean up this  daca  mess up by voting on a permanent legislative solution that protects …
wonderful visiting with  spcnews student government association members in dc this week – our community is blessed…
rt  bobbyscott    housegop s highered bill fails to support our service-members and will make higher education even more expensive  that i…
it s an honor to be recognized for working with all members of the house to focus on advancing quality proposals  n…
at the v t farm show2018 celebrating vermont s hardworking farmers who are an integral part of our state s economy  c…
we re working with the yavapai-apache nation to ensure tribal communities have the reliable water supplies they nee…
he can have the picture  but the land belongs to the people   o rourke placed a provision to protect the range in t…
so i commend chairman gowdy for taking this preliminary step  but obviously—obviously—the credibility of this inves…
  housedemocrats have a plan to fix our democracy and put everyday people back in charge  👇👇👇  w/  davidcicilline 
read my letter to  epascottpruitt on my website here 
1   you told dreamers they had nothing to worry about  then ended daca  2   you claim to support protecting them …
great conversations with students at all saints day school  spreckels elementary school  vista verde middle school …
administrator  epascottpruitt has proposed drastic budget cuts  epa on programs that protect americans  health – al…
my job is to listen to the ideas in our community and take them back to washington  and discussions like these help…
rt  hascdemocrats  congress should start by passing the bipartisan bill i introduced last october that would protect transgender members of…
rt  idealist_amanda    repgregorymeeks passionately says he founded the eu caucus because we need to focus on our democratic values where a…
this week i cosponsored house resolution 630  which requires members of congress and employees to complete workplac…
in case you missed it  here s my statement on the harmful g o p budget --&gt 
rt  prochoicecaucus  new  natabortionfed study shows a troubling spike in anti-abortion threats and obstruction  no doubt spurred by newly-…
rt  cityoflaredotx  today   mayorpetesaenz and the  txdotlaredo  along w/ repcuellar & local officials marked the official completion of us…
rt  repjohnyarmuth  just like trumpcare & the g o p tax scam before it  the trump budget will force america s working families to pay the pric…
rt  heidiolson50  great to see my longtime friend  repbonnie at our  njea legislative conference today  working for our kids 
teachers in my district tell me they don t need guns  they need printer paper and tissues  the  nra isn t a civil r…
even as we celebrate the anniversary of bloody sunday  our fight for voting rights is far from over  join me this w…
i urge  governordeal to submit a formal request to the president for federal disaster assistance as soon as possible
rt  goldberg_ja   time for medicare to cover treatment for the whole senior  not just bits and pieces  - repdebdingell c m a summit2018
sat down with  rollcall to discuss fellowship  getting things done in congress  my band orange creek riders & hikin…
the tech industry has created huge wealth and opportunity  but a growing number of communities and black employees…
thank you to these remarkable d r e a mers for sharing your stories w/ me this afternoon  your courage & determination…
rt  mistergaston  north houston early college high school class of 2018 ready to receive their associate degrees  the benefits of attending…
rt  votevets  veterans are speaking out against the senate trumpcare bill which might hurt 1 75 million veterans and their families prot…
rt  momsrising  on mothers day  we stand with immigrant mothers  separating children from the parents is cruel and inhumane  tweet a photo…
i am encouraged by developments on the korean peninsula after south korean president moon made a historic opening t…
under  gop  controlled house over last 2yrs  there has been no legislation ensuring equal pay for equal work  pass pay check fairness act  2/
rt  marykerner  thank you  repkihuen for the recognition   rndc  improving n v national small business week 
the state has failed the people of flint  now it s up to us  flint water crisis
almost a full 6 months after the g o p tax scam was signed into law  the  waysandmeansgop committee just held their fi…
one hour is too long to worry about your daughter s fate  we won t stop fighting for the chibok girls and their fam…
this week i will vote against the g o p budget which would make deep cuts to medicare & medicaid and hurt middle clas…
students around the country aren t afraid of the nra  today they are marching to tell congress to grow a backbone …
i really want to thank the parkland students for all the leadership they have shown in the gun control debate  they…
happy international womens day  as we take time to reflect on the incredible achievements of women around the globe …
rt  repbonnie  so thankful for your kind birthday wishes  my team surprised me with my favorite cake  chocolate with chocolate icing 
rt  bospublicradio    repjoekennedy joins us on the line to talk about gun control reform in the wake of the parkland shooting 
we cannot abide the trump administration s vicious attacks on  lqbtq  students  i strongly support the student non…
rt  tropicalaudubon   here is the reality of climate change  we should all be together with each other on these issues   repmikequigley no…
the dodger stadium express transports fans from the harbor gateway transit center to the stadium every game day  br…
as we continue to celebrate history  we must never forget herstory  happy womens history month  housedemwomen
rt  jslovegrove  more on  indivisibleteam  group started by ex- lloyddoggetttx staffers that s becoming a tea party for progressives 
rt  aguscipolicy  extreme weather cost our country a record-smashing  306 billion in 2017   theagu congratulates  repcartwright and  repla…
to all my friends and constituents celebrating passover tonight  may your holiday be filled with reflection and jo…
had a great time w/ my friend & future congresswoman  emma  on take your child to work day  we had a good chat on the t…
the consequences of the rushed trump-ryan-mcconnell taxscam are still coming to light  here s the latest  it could…
it s time  speakerryan fire so-called intelligence committee chairman nunes  who continues to embarrass himself  co…
it is the epitome of hypocrisy for  housegop to bring their  balanced budget amendment  to the floor after adding  …
today i had the pleasure of introducing  cecilerichards to my colleagues at a reception where we…
our lake county finalist is taylor paulich from kelseyville high school for her piece  in the zone
local public schools have been our greatest historic asset as a nation and hold the highest potential for preparing…
independent  diverse & local media is critical to a functioning democracy  that s why i joined reps  price and huff…
westchester gets  3 6 million federal grant for new buses |  lohud  coynereports 🚌
it s national read across america day  one of my favorite things about being a member of congress is the opportunity t…
my statement -
rt  mayorbriley  early voting for the may 1 election begins wednesday  april 11  this quick and convenient way of voting will be available…
equal pay for equal work is at the cornerstone of american values  on equal pay day  we mark april 10 as the day a w…
the trump budget doesn t provide enough funding for the infrastructure projects communities like ours need  inland…
oops  republicans confess that g o p tax scam is for their donors  not for the american people 👉…
and leading health researchers agree that combating the opioid epidemic needs to be a collaborative effort that pri…
november 1st is almost here  find out everything you need to get covered during open enrollment …
about to speak at the womens march in charm city baltimore   you can t shutdown this crowd 
rt  tictoc   the probability of a nuclear iran has risen exponentially just when we had it under control    gerryconnolly says   and now we…
marking the 242nd birthday of the us marine corps with an early celebration in the capitol 
rt if you agree  clean drinking water should be a basic human right  dont forget flint
my skull fractured  i spent 3 days in good samaritan hospital  the same hospital where jimmie lee jackson had died …
proud to stand with bend the arc jewish action and so many dreamers who are following in the footsteps of the gener…
rt  repyvetteclarke  louise was more than a congresswoman  she was more than the dean of our delegation  she was my dear friend  i will mis…
between heading to votes  i m here now  and catching the seton hall pirates game  i had a great chat with dr  pamel…
and that s why i always pick my wife s alma mater in our family pools 
mahalo for all of your hard work and advocacy on behalf of our kupuna  always good to see you  aloha 
rt  ilcorn   in a down turn  we should not be limiting new risk management tools for producers    repcheri
merry christmas from our family to yours 
happy  rosie the riveter day   i m glad to honor this day by celebrating with phyllis gould  one of the north coast…
rt  officialcbc  cbc chairman  reprichmond signs our 1 300-page jobs and justice act of 2018 after a press conference on thursday  may 10  2…
several of my democratic colleagues in the texas delegation joined me in sending a letter to texas  govabbott reque…
⚡️ icymi   kaptur questions  epascottpruitt  demands answers on ethics  protecting our environment and inaction on…
today  my heart was filled with love from my d c  family  thank you all for making my day shine so bright & for all…
rt  aleccward  great turnout   speakers to celebrate 25 years of wetlands conservation easements  big congrats to sen   johnboozman and r…
do you receive my newsletter  sign up here for updates on the work that i am doing in congress on behalf of  ca20 
  senatorshaheen  senatorhassan  repsheaporter & i wrote to  epascottpruitt &  secazar calling on them to immediate…
our fellow floridians deserve a second chance 
protect census2020 help me end prisongerrymandering everyone counts
instead of unilateral action  potus should have worked with congress and our allies to build on the  jcpoa  to preve…
rt  aclumn  standing in solidarity with immigrant and workers  rights organizations  activists  and community members  may day
today we honor all the men  women & families who have served & sacrificed for our country  we can never fully repay…
for the 2nd year in a row  trump s budget proposes to eliminate all funding for rural water and wastewater grants …
an evening to remember at the holocaust center of florida 2018 dinner of tribute  the entertainment was amazing  co…
or rural counties with federal timber land use  srs  &  pilt  funding to support public schools and important service…
rt  repgregorymeeks  i agree  partisan politics and extreme stances on fundamental basic human rights issues have prevented congress from l…
ventura county us united as we work to move  ca26  forward  pitch in to call voters  knock doors 
congratulations to these xavier high school students who won the real world design challenge 
rt  ilhousing  a reminder to join us on april 7 from 10am–1pm for a free housing fair to help struggling homeowners and prospective homebuy…
tune in  i am on  cspanwj discussing the president s continued attacks on immigrants and the latest in the mueller…
protecting dreamers is a bipartisan issue with bipartisan support  this is how washington should work  u s aact
rt  gregchenaila  in ice detention  pregnant women face stress  trauma  and inadequate care  thank you  reproybalallard &  repjayapal for a…
the longer we continue to defer the costs of maintaining and rebuilding our aging infrastructure  the higher the co…
today i entered a statement for the congressional record to honor our hometown olympic hero  gold medalist…
the good samaritan asked   if i do not stop to help this man  what will happen to him    that s the question before…
i enjoyed speaking with nearly 3 000 of you at yesterday s telephone town hall  where i answered your questions on…
a8  your voice matters and you can make a difference in shaping your future 
estamos en una situación extremadamente delicada  mucha paciencia a la ciudadanía que sufre este lamentable evento 
thank you to  blindedveterans national vp mimms and all of bva for everything you do to help our blinded vets  appr…
honored to receive the humane champion award from the humane society for championing animal protection legislation…
we ll continue to work with the general assembly on this issue to make communities across our state safer 
50 years ago  president johnson signed the fair housing act  making discrimination in housing illegal  today  there…
today is the dayof silence to raise awareness of issues of bullying and harassment affecting  lgbtq  youth  today  a…
at rally in front of  fema w/  hispanicfed   32bjseiu   maketheroadny calling for more help now for puerto rico on…
tonight s  60minutes was alarming to say the least  hush money payments may break all kinds of laws and could make…
today s fec decision recognizes the everyday realities of working parents running for elected office  the practical…
the maryland state election system was the target of an attempted intrusion by hostile actors during the 2016 elect…
on the president s goal of passing a  1 trillion infrastructure bill -  presssecretary says   i don t know that the…
  stcunm and  ia_unm s pitch competition is about to start at  bowandarrowbeer  good luck to all of the participant…
in the face of  realdonaldtrump s intolerance & in a world that all too often tells trans people  particularly tran…
rt  jenniffer2012  ahora junto al colega congresista  repdarrensoto en el panel de discusión  latinos  and the future of constructive polit…
i m glad that there is bipartisan support for protecting the mueller investigation  the american people deserve to…
thanks fred  too kind 
hard-working families deserve better  and i will continue to fight in congress for a tax system that puts the middle class first 
it s promising that  secretaryzinke heard the concerns of coastal communities opposed to offshore oil drilling  jus…
rt  stevescottnews  great to have former congressman  repsteveisrael  d- ny   at  wcbs880 today for a  wcbs880books interview  big guns is a…
congrats to  bgcsnv  nevadahandlv  lssnv89101 for working together to create an innovative environment in the bould…
rt  waysmeanscmte  nearly six months since its signing  the republican tax law has spurred layoffs  higher health care costs  ballooning de…
and here s the 2nd video  look at all of those students  what an inspiring group  we need to listen to them and kee…
breaking   rutgersu to receive 856k  nsf grant to support the teaching of science in the classroom  rutgers is both…
nxt week marks tax day  also the anniv  of virginia tech shooting 4/ 16/07 & columbine 4/20/99  forgot those you re…
rt  fscdems   release   ranking member  repmaxinewaters  statement in opposition to bill that undermines pension funds  efforts to hold corp…
veterans day fact  over 71 000 veterans are in the nebraska work force  veterans bring skills  enthusiasm  and dedication  hire vets  ne02 
rt  senduckworth  i may have to vote today  so maile s outfit is prepped  i made sure she has a jacket so she doesn t violate the senate fl…
this is a scandal and a disgrace and virginians are going to be hurt very badly  especially those who can least aff…
now  they want to amend our constitution to require that we can only spend in any given year what we raise in tax r…
the free flow of ideas is necessary for our economy to thrive  our internet providers should not be able to limit o…
rt  davidbegnaud  today s power outage across puerto rico was caused by  cobra energy  a u s  private contractor     which  hit the transmi…
  uscis_es está invitando al público a sesiones de información sobre naturalización  los funcionarios de  uscis  hab…
small businesses are major engines to our economy  the g o p tax scam empowers big businesses & corporate interests  m…
medicare beneficiaries in massachusetts will soon begin receiving new medicare cards that include features to help…
in philly  african-americans are more likely to be arrested than any other racial group  the time is now to addres…
enforcing our workplace safety laws is critical to making sure workers get home safely at the end of the day  due t…
completely shameless  tax cuts to  realdonaldtrump  s wealthiest friends comes at the expense of our children s hea…
tomorrow kicks off my aug town halls  first up  roseburg  5 30 at the rose theatre  roseburg hs  full schedule here 
fattah team / real results / pigs fly during do-nothing congress  gop pass urban jobs bill via  politic365
rt  repbeatty  happy birthday  repgwenmoore  enjoy your day 
giving our veterans the care they deserve is not a partisan issue  i am proud of the coalition we built to deliver…
rt  reptimwalz  i m proud to introduce the bipartisan va medicinal cannabis research act of 2018 alongside  drphilroe &  reploucorrea  the…
earth day is sunday  april 22  it s our responsibility to protect and preserve our natural resources  consider volu…
this is one step of many i plan to take during my remaining time in office to challenge the issue of sexual violenc…
this bill just won t cut it for connecticut families  this will hurt our neighbors in need  we ought to go back to…
rt  texasdemocrats   it s not only about voting a straight democratic ticket  it s about voting in our local elections too   -  replloyddog…
rt  mendoair  current air quality for mendocino county  ca  at 9 am pdt particle pollution  2 5 microns  reached unhealthy
rt  rangelprogram   statedept rangel fellows joined in celebrating congressman  cbrangel retirement  congrats 
rt  barackobama  happy hanukkah  everybody  from the obama family to yours  chag sameach 
rt  pathadvocacy  g h s agenda is aimed at improving countries  ability to prevent  detect  and respond to infectious disease threats  read t…
reviving tpp will further increase the trade deficit—look at the trade deal w/ south korea  none of the countries i…
yesterday  sec  tillerson accused russia of poisoning of an ex-spy in the u k  either he said that because he alrea…
great spending time with students from fort middle school during last week s black history observance breakfast in…
how do we bring green technology to our community so that we can demonstrate its ability to impact our lives   thinktechhi
rt  thedailybeast  rep  g k  butterfield  d-nc  checks mark zuckerberg on diversity at facebook
we met with  unitycenter_wc to discuss sustainability efforts and ways we can partner to protect our environment  e…
i ve also long supported the affordable and safe prescription drug importation act  which would allow individuals a…
rt  housejuddems  the letter from  thejusticedept was sent to the majority  without the customary and appropriate notice to  repjohnconye…
workers are the backbone of our economy and they deserve to be treated with dignity  today and every day we must co…
 the supplemental nutrition assistance program  snap  is our country s most important anti-hunger program  snap red…
rt  alanardavidson  thank you  repmcgovern for continuing to raise awareness of college food insecurity and for fighting to protect and exp…
president trump announced late on friday night that he is moving forward with his discriminatory ban on transgeder…
rt  allcomdsheriff  thanking our veterans for their service today 
we need to protect hardworking immigrants  we are a nation built on diversity   sotu 
all americans deserve to be safe at work  that s why congress should pass the protecting america s workers act  a b…
i cannot in good conscience allow these charges to undermine my colleagues in the democratic caucus  and my friends…
rather than further delving into the damage this caused to our democracy  my gop colleagues have chosen to shut dow…
happy earth day18  we must work together to ensure our water  air and lands are clean and usable  we only have one…
rt  stateforesters  with  peterwelch and  congressmangt s legislation  statewide forest action plans—the nation s roadmap for prioritizing a…
americans deserve meaningful choice in local news  that s why i intro d a bill to close sinclair merger loophole
this rescissions package is a political gimmick & ought to be treated as such  instead of trying to hide their defi…
in less than 3 hours  i m hosting my town hall in albany  hope to see you there  if you cannot make it  watch it li…
nevada s dreamers contribute to our communities and make us stronger  thank you  astrid_nv for standing up for immi…
nevada s preeminent expertise in the sports betting industry can serve as an example for other states 
 senhughesoffice  fox29philly philly highlight great example of god s love      serving others  
trump told the top lie in 2017 according to  politifact he is liar in chief here s a 100  more
rt  officialcbc  today we launched a new website that reflects the power & purpose of our bipartisan  bicameral 49-member caucus 
we are hitting the new year running  what are your priorities for this year  listening to you is my most important…
 jmg2323  canalsidebflo  seanmryan1499 and i have also been trying to get that question answered 
the hip 2 0 changes approved today by the trump administration are unprecedented & will make it harder for vulnerab…
without net neutrality big corporations could have an unfair advantage over small businesses online  they deserve a…
i met with representatives from the illinois chapter of the  alzassociation today in chicago  i recently support…
rt  calhospitals    asmmikegipson and  supjanicehahn announced today assembly bill 1795  which will ensure people get the right care  at th…
heartbroken by recent flu-related deaths in el paso  public health officials are encouraging people to get vaccinat…
against the will of people  the fcc just voted to destroy net neutrality protections  effectively ending the intern…
i am proud to share how this wonderful program has made me who i am  head start strong
the house gop is about to set a record for closed rules  stifling democratic debate on issues that affect your life…
recently i traveled with va natural resources sec  matt strickler  and representatives from both the  jravirginia &…
caught up with my buddy  billnye outside of the capitol this week 
rt  drdenagrayson   ismandel  alangrayson thanks  ilanna 🤗
rt  housedemocrats  rep   gerryconnolly  va-11  held a town hall with local students on gunviolence  dems at work
proud to have helped  youngstownstate get this grant  i m excited to see the results of this research and how it he…
welcome home  ichiro 
pleased to speak with volunteers of all ages at the  tcdp headquarters  everyone is working hard to  gotv 
i ll be on  cnnnewsroom at 12 15 pm pt/3 15 pm et today to discuss north korea  iran  and other news of the day  i hope you can tune in 
good luck to third district and andover native  anna_drew_ tomorrow in the qualifying run of ladies  halfpipe for…
on the floor of the house to speak out against this misguided attempt to turn nevada into the nation s dumping grou…
rt  ricksforza  you re wrong  we do not love mass shootings  my staff and i covered dec 2 shootings in san bernardino  we work  live  shop …
anti-semitic hate crimes surge during first year of trump administration  this is not acceptable  do something dona…
affordable housing is one of the biggest challenges facing our community  i invite you join a conversation with a d…
 uw_rowing go dawgs 
welcome to the newest member of  housedemocrats  conor lamb  i m excited to work together to move our country in th…
rt  repjohnlewis  we have turned deaf ears to the blood of the innocent & the concern of our nation  we will use nonviolence to fight gun v…
preparing our kids for the next phase of their lives is as important and challenging as any job in the inland empir…
i hope you will join me in celebrating womens history month international womens day and the many contributions women…
take a look at this year s white house christmas card   
honored to receive the american trade hero award from  cpa_tradereform for my efforts in support of trade and…
we should not have to worry that picking up the phone could mean being scammed out of thousands of dollars  if you…
march 23rd is coming up  learn more about how to submit your artwork for our districtwide high school art competiti…
 nancyvanreece thankful for your advocacy  nancy 
yes  and now for the other two people i asked about    
 but politicians are calling for more accountability  rep  rush sent a letter to the facebook co-founder after the…
without net neutrality  big corporations could have an unfair advantage over small businesses online  they deserve…
it s clear  epascottpruitt s approach to being  epa administrator = treat yourself to the high life on the taxpaye…
behind their joke is a serious sadness in how we treat our veterans  we ought to be doing right by them from the st…
 michaelfrance  jenjen047 no  no one dies from mishandling a ballot  10 rounds max  universal means everyone who buys a firearm 
i am pleased to see the u s  senate catching up with 229 years of progress in the workplace  my friend…
today our office issued guidance to k-12 public schools on the privacy & equal rights of all students  our guide o…
today  the house will vote on a g o p tax bill that prioritizes tax breaks for wealthy corporations and leaves the mid…
today at noon i ll speak with  jimbraude and  margeryeagan about taxes  airplane noise and pollution  and the opioi…
rt  slocountyoes  please remain cautious and stay tuned to news media  social media and other sources for latest info  a reminder to not dr…
if congress votes to take healthcare coverage from millions of americans  then they too should lose their health in…
 bhm  spotlight born in 1975  charles bellinger was a prominent african american political leader and entrepreneur…
this is a profound testimony to our failure to make the american dream a reality for all of our citizens  president…
rt  mkraju  susan collins told me there should be a public apology from the wh over a  denigrating  and  insensitive comment  by kelly sadl…
during the civil rights movement  we didn t have a website  we didn t have a cell phone  we didn t even have a fax machine 
pleased that omnibus requires c r sreports to be available for public consumption  we must continue to use 21st cen…
 one of the most popular liberal post-racial ideas is the idea that the fundamental problem is class and not race …
immigrants who come as family are workers  entrepreneurs  caregivers  teachers  and neighbors  value our families no family ban
flynn resignation is only tip of the iceberg   fbi must accelerate investigation into ties between russia and the trump white house 
 epaoig on at least one occasion administrator  epascottpruitt reportedly tried to use lights & sirens to get to an…
today is a day filled with family optimism  and the promise of a better and brighter tomorrow  happy easter to all…
 we can no longer ignore the tears and cries of mothers who sent their child to school and work to support their fu…
i am deeply saddened by the passing of beau biden  my thoughts and prayers are with the vice president and the entire biden family 
californians  today is the last day to renew your health insurance coverage for 2018  visit  coveredca s website to…
reflecting on a yearof trump reminds me of the relentless attempts by republicans and  potus to sabotage the  aca  &…
proud of the work michigan students are doing to keep our state at the forefront of automotive innovation  check ou…
join me this afternoon for a  gotv  rally at ventura s plaza park at 3 30  thanks rep  xavier becerra for coming to help   ca26 
here are just some of things the  epa has done under the leadership of  epascottpruitt  •weakened standards for oz…
rt  repdonbeyer  scott pruitt just told my colleague  janschakowsky that he cannot say whether or not one of his closest aides samantha dra…
the future of tomorrow is being shaped by the teachers of today  teacher appreciation day
the atomic veterans healthcare parity act  i intro d would provide these benefits to surviving atomic vets  memorial day2016
im introducing the cyber breach notification act  equifax exposed vital information  consumers have a right to know
i m hosting a conference for our local aerospace & defense suppliers december 4th at 10am  if you re interested in…
i m proud to represent oregon and our beautiful  natlparkservice sites  join me in celebrating these unique and his…
el task force de desarrollo económico de pr  estará recibiendo info por parte de sectores interesados al email  prtaskforce mail house gov
our team was honored to attend  asuarmyrotc s commissioning ceremony  congrats to all  asu graduates and newly comm…
we re working with the next generation of rural az leaders as part of  uofa s project centrl to manage our natural…
in 2015  2 2 million hispanics reported that they had asthma and hispanic children are twice as likely to die from…
during national volunteer week  we recognize the immense contributions volunteers make in communities across the us …
 icymi   this afternoon i testified on my amendment to h r  3053  the nuclear waste policy amendments act  this pro-…
president trump should publicly apologize for his disgraceful comments regarding haiti  el salvador and african nat…
in case anyone was wondering what the real reason is that puerto rico doesn t get more help 
like when he fought to ensure passage of the affordable care act   senatorreid has been fighting for nevada and amer…
while the trump administration and the republican congress have continued their efforts to undermine the  aca  and a…
unethical pay raises  first-class travel  cozy relationships with industry lobbyists are just a day in the life of…
on international holocaust remembrance day we honor the memory of the jewish people and all others who were victims…
as ranking member  i have made it a priority to ensure women veterans have access to high-quality  gender-specific…
on yom hashoah  we recognize holocaust remembrance day  remember 6 million jewish lives lost and millions of other v…
pres  trump & house republicans  decision to release politically motivated/misleading allegations against the fbi i…
happy holi to everyone celebrating today  in our san joaquin valley  across our nation  and throughout the world …
rt  chrislhayes  puerto ricans are also americans  but the president is oddly less fired up about defending them 
republican raw deal  trumpcare  tax scam  or democratic better deal  higher wages  lower costs   streets are watchi…
sending my strong wishes for a speedy recovery to  reploudermilk & his lovely wife desiree in this difficult time 
michael evans  president of the california state american postal workers union  and lisa ortega  president of the e…
big step for representative democracy in pa  lots of work left to do to end partisan gerrymandering nationwide 
what makes matters worse  i fear it was done solely for political reasons  i hope that the damage is not permanent…
  darrellissa and i are chatting with  mikeallen about our new smart cities caucus  follow along at  axios …
during today s  energycommerce hearing with mark zuckerberg  i stressed the importance of consumers having meaning…
as a member of the house armed services committee  i expect to be promptly briefed on the details of the operation …
today is equal pay day2018  it has been 55 years since the equal pay act was signed into law  yet women still earn…
i ll be questioning facebook ceo mark zuckerberg at the energy & commerce committee hearing shortly  facebook has s…
stunning  but sadly  not surprising  this is an obvious abuse of power  i condemn any effort by 45 and his administ…
 right-to-work  laws =  right-to-work-for-less   workers in right-to-work states earn lower wages on average  and t…
my next  deptvetaffairs office hours for area veterans & beneficiaries will be may 23 in my ne queens office  app…
a big deal  
just like trumpcare & the g o p tax scam before it  the trump budget will force america s working families to pay the…
it s long past time for congress to act to protect medical patients  recreational users and small businesses in sta…
today the house will vote on faa reauthorization  the recent southwest airlines emergency is an urgent reminder th…
today kicks off teacher appreciation week and i want your help recognizing indiana s incredible educators  if you k…
they offer unwavering support and tender loving care when we need them the most  today  we thank them …
rt  housebudgetdems  today s balanced budget amendment is a dangerous plan that would devastate our economy and force huge cuts to programs…
let s work together to comprehensively address this crisis & help those struggling w/the disease of addiction  3/3
glad that elevators will be installed at the murray hill  lirr  station  the project will greatly improve the statio…
yesterday  mirandacosgrove came to congress to help celebrate the 45th anniversary of the marine mammal protection…
video update on house farm bill  it s become an extremely partisan bill  gop has shut down talks w/ dems   taken ou…
clear example your voice matters  gop pulling plan to gut independent ethics committee because of public outcry   1/2 
it gets lost in all of the unethical behavior  but  epascottpruitt is also doing horrendous at his actual job of pr…
activist  visionary  leader  50 years ago today martin luther king jr  was assassinated in memphis  tennessee  the…
tomorrow  i am holding a press conference tomorrow with cole s family and the  lbpd to ask the public s help findi…
rt  krimfm  limited fire activity today gives firefighters a chance to help secure critical areas tinder fire – may 3  2018 morning update…
pleased to be able to attend the valparaiso kiwanis club meeting last week with guest speaker sheriff david reynold…
thank you to the latino law enforcement group of boston for your hard work protecting our communities every day --…
 realdonaldtrump says obamacare is failing  but he s lying  here s a list of all the ways he has undermined it 
rt  housebudgetdems  ranking member  repjohnyarmuth responds to  housegop s push for a balanced budget amendment 
the measure  which was signed as part of the omnibus spending bill  would crack down on criminals who rip off cons…
 housegop as  housegop continue to stack the deck again american working families  the patriot employer act that i…
urban areas security initiative   uasi   program   630 million— 25m above current levels—to support large cities  ef…
the trump administration has also falsified scientific claims to justify restrictions on birth control access  science matters
happy chinese new year  wishing you all good health and good fortune in 2018 – the year of the dog 
veterans and military spouses have one more week to apply for the  uwtacoma vibe business plan competition  learn m…
today marks 8 years since an earthquake rocked haiti  causing an estimated 200 000 deaths and forever impacting mi…
rt  taxmarch   the rich are getting all the benefits from the trump tax law  that s not america  that s not who we are  but the reckoning i…
another great caucus day in allston  dorchester  everett and roxbury  thanks to my wife barbara  sons mike and joe …
in congress   housegop and  senategop have helped cover up trump s profiteering from public office 
across the country  from west virginia to arizona  thousands of teachers have been walking out and striking to oppo…
new  federalreserve study affirms what we ve suspected  climatechange will hurt our economy  wake up hardcore den…
with shutdown hours away  i am calling on the potus to ensure that our military & va have the resources they need…
disappointed that  potus has backtracked on his promise to support practical  bipartisan legislation that keep guns…
i posted a new photo to facebook
yesterday was a special day   repmarcykaptur became the longest-tenured woman to ever serve in the house  marcy is…
great conversation with  cairsfba delegates yesterday on muslim hill day  no muslim ban ever
during nafta renegotiations  we must put american workers first by protecting their jobs from being outsourced and…
if you are willing to give your life for this country  you have earned and deserve u s  citizenship   uscis is maki…
great to join emily sedgwick  from la farge  to hang her winning artwork  my father s shoes  in the u s  capitol …
my most important job is listening to you  thanks to everyone who came to my town hall yesterday in elk grove  if y…
another republican – this time former  hhsgov secretary tom price – is admitting the g o p tax scam is leaving america…
after the loss of 58 lives in the las vegas massacre  republicans refused to let us vote on bipartisan legislation…
 lennymcgarvey ah  the blame game 
6 hours in and still going strong with  frankpallone & my  housedemocrats colleagues  no more silence not one more
i am honored to have ben kepner  a local firefighter from cathedral city  as my  sotu2018  guest  ben recently lost…
mr  president  a summit should be a sensible  thoughtful action  not a visceral  thoughtless reaction  diplomats mu…
at events across the country  america s students are calling on congress to take action to end gun violence  today o…
we re all better off when we re all better off  we know this program saves lives  nourishes our children  and it be…
barbara bush was a remarkable woman  first lady  and american  she was a paragon of grace and decency throughout he…
green with envy of those at the eagles parade  fly eagles fly super bowl champs
i m lucky to work with so many folks committed to service  like our region s mayors & city councils  county executi…
i wrote this law to protect against insider trading and ensure that federal officials weren t using their positions…
solutions like universal background checks  prohibiting the sale of assault-style rifles  and no fly no buy can hel…
together  we must increase understanding and acceptance for the millions of people with autism worldwide …
i feel fortunate to represent a great city where christian and jewish residents appreciate the heritage we share as…
video  visita delegación chicago a puerto rico del 22 al 25 de marzo de 2018 
thanks to the thousands of people who participated in my telephone town hall last night  i enjoyed hearing from you…
rt  mayorharrykim  evacuation policy for evacuees returning to check their properties  remove valuables  mayorharrykim
when i ask older colleagues  both d s and r s  how congress became filled with such partisanship and toxicity  the…
rt  gavalos322  thanks for meeting with us today  repdelbene  your support means so much to sammy and our hemophilia community   nhfwd  re…
great to join  sensanders at springfield high school to discuss college and career opportunities  i encourage all v…
trump wanted a  bill of love  on daca  but rejected an agreement that met his demands  he should follow his origina…
on this day in 1965  the older americans act established meals on wheels & other services that ensure seniors don t fall through the cracks 
just a reminder for everyone paying attention  the only bill related to gun-violence that  realdonaldtrump has sign…
smh
in california  we will fight to preserve the beauty of our coasts  the rugged wilderness of our national parks and…
rt  senduckworth  pearl bowlsbey johnson was bryan s great aunt  an army officer & a nurse who served during the second world war  he spent…
we are beginning our social security town hall with  repjohnlarson at the san pablo senior center  join us live on…
on this national vietnam veterans day  i had the honor of visiting vietnam veterans  vaprovidence to thank them for…
got to show some terrific  savethechildren advocates around the capitol  i m pretty sure my tours are 92-93% histor…
president putin  blaming others won t absolve you from russian hacking  trump russia
  speakerryan owes us all an explanation 
on feb  14th  17 students & teachers were killed in another senseless act of gun violence  in march  the  nra pos…
 otd  the lilly ledbetter fair pay act was signed into law  marking needed progress towards closing the pay gap  but…
rt  fightextremism  bingo   we ve been relying on self-regulation for the longest time     says  repdianadegette as she goes on to highligh…
does the stream of corruption allegations and bad news surrounding this guy ever stop  he does not belong in public…
rt  uofcalifornia  did you know  uc athletes account for 8% of the u s  olympic team s 555-member roster rio2016 olympics
this powerful video reminds us what s at stake tomorrow   vote 
had a terrific meeting last night with  anc6e  our discussion covered many issues  from our successful fight to pro…
huge  big league list of insults leveled by trump 
rt  housedemocrats  great to see our own  keithellison and  repandrecarson recognized on  cnn s list of 25 most influential american muslim…
rt  billpascrell  no wonder why so many americans oppose the g o p tax scam – it will saddle our children & grandchildren with at least  1 5 t…
rt  rulesdemocrats  non-partisan experts  uscbo estimate that  about 265 000 children would lose access to free school meals  under  houseg…
 twas the night before christmas  when all through the house not a creature was stirring  not even a mouse  the sto…
trump s latest attacks on mr  mueller s investigation threaten the very integrity of our democracy  every member s…
i fully condemn the president s outrageous decision to implement his unconstitutional ban on transgender people ser…
rt  jennycollierjd    lacyclaymo1 thank you for helping  justiceroundtab honor so many leaders of the cjreform movement who have been dire…
today  republicans on the  waysmeanscmte are trying to defend the disastrous g o p tax scam with one-off anecdotes  bu…
81 years ago  fdr signed the social security act & urged future generations to keep expanding the program s protections  soc sec81  ca17 
dr  king imagined a world where everyone would be free to pursue their dreams without fear or discrimination  50 ye…
welcome to the world  maile pearl  you have a great mom to look up to- i think we need more like her in congress  m…
 jlabure  lakewoodcolo great meeting with you today 
the average college student spends  1 250 a year on textbooks and supplies  we secured funding for open source text…
rt  kingscollege_pa  polish ambassador ryszard schnepf lecture is at 7 p m  in burke  details   repcartwright
i spoke at  lvchamber s eggs & issues breakfast today and announced my new bill aimed at creating tech startup r&d…
the trump and sessions justice dept  is a disaster for immigrants as evidenced by this latest report  this administ…
rt  repcohen  trump and his legal team  headed by rudy giuliani / giuliani  to borrow from jimmy breslin is  the gang that couldn t shoot…
mothers are breadwinners in half of families with children under 18  not having paidleave means some mothers will…
one year after trumpcare vote   frankpallone  bobbyscott & i urged  speakerryan to allow a vote on legislation tha…
  housegop  where is your outrage  or more importantly  where are your  family values  
first indian-american congresswoman shares response to caller questioning her citizenship
rt  ortizee21ios08  thx  repvisclosky  greenlatino  lulac
i just offered an amendment to the cr prohibiting government funding from being used to deport dreamers with expire…
this week is national police week--our annual opportunity to say thank you to all our peace officers and law enforce…
rt  samanthajpower  russian hackers posed as isis to threaten military wives  think about this  they were targeting and trying to intimidat…
our service members are brave patriots  not equity on a shareholder report  larry kudlow s fringe ideas don t deser…
the culture at usfs must change now 
i m fortunate both my parents were in labor unions   afscme &  transportworker   the middle class would not exist i…
celebrating women of excellence in new york city with my co-honorees   galeabrewer  carmen m  garcia albarran  meli…
yet another sad commentary on this administration
rt  waysmeanscmte  nearly six months since its signing  the republican tax law has spurred layoffs  higher health care costs  ballooning de…
hardworking families across the heartland want common sense from their elected leaders & real results back home  th…
hey  olivernorthnra  think parklandshooting kids are terrorists  come to long island and let s debate who s more p…
new mexico is the proud home of over 16 000 patriotic service members who operate the premier military installation…
the lack of competency and order within the trump white house leads to more than just embarrassing headlines  trump…
  housegop are pushing a farm bill that makes drastic cuts to snap and takes food from the most vulnerable among us…
today  the all pueblo council of governors hosted the king of the bemba tribe in zambia  africa  & his delegation a…
thrilled to be one of goodwill s 2018 national policymaker recipients  we share the same goals - protecting job tr…
the application deadline for nominations to the u s  service academies is this friday  december 15 at 5 p m  mdt  y…
i ll be having three more town hall meetings this spring  for details see 
there s nothing better than being a mom  my two daughters make me happy every single day  i wish every mother  gran…
  realdonaldtrump gutted protections for bears ears without listening to local tribes & residents  i m headed this…
rt  nrdems  the trump admin is taking its first step toward allowing oil/gas drilling in alaska s arctic refuge   this is the kind of rush…
calling all  art   teachers   we would like to invite your students to participate in the 2018 congressional art cont…
proud to join w/ the enough is enough coalition to speak out against sexualharassment  at it s core is an inequali…
rt  housebudgetdems  live now  second public hearing of the joint select committee on budget and appropriations process reform  watch  htt…
the deepwater disaster taught us that offshore drilling is not worth the risk  protect our coast
it s vital we get big money and hidden special interests out of politics  but the gop is working to increase their…
todas las partes tienen q poner de su parte para q acabe de arrancar el proceso de reestructuración de deuda  no hay tiempo que perder 
rt  repdebdingell  the gop claimed their tax plan would benefit working men & women  months later on tax day  many workers have not seen a…
my prayers are with the family of former first lady barbara bush on learning of her passing this evening  may god g…
rt  oversightdems    repcummings  the census is supposed to be nonpartisan  but the trump admin is now politicizing the census by rushing t…
10th best female hip hop collaboration  eve - my chick bad
this industry s lack of regulation has made everyone vulnerable to their data being placed in the wrong hands  we…
grateful to the scientists at  myfwc for fighting to keep our florida marine life healthy and coasts safe 
rt  mayorbusch  great job by metuchen students from campbell  edgar and the high school  who walked to borough hall this afternoon in suppo…
go knights go only in district1
well said  tulsipress  well said indeed 
thank you  james 
rt  madisonsiriusxm  coming up   repalgreen boycotted the state of the union last night  he says  we are devolving into the normalization o…
rt  ncjwceo   repmaloney of ny opens summit on sexual harassment at us capitol with  tonivp from  nationalnow
my bill  hr1673  would fund modern water systems in world s richest country 
i posted a new photo to facebook
we are fortunate to have  nysbroadcasters that focus on more than just the story of the day  but also the stories t…
happy 241st birthday to  usnavy  thank you for being bold  tough and ready  241 navy bday  ne02 
at every turn  experts have found that this rushed and secretive process has led to legislative text that is riddle…
the teacherspring shows how americans are stepping up their political engagement and proves that raising your voic…
rt  delawaredot  some safe driving practices during the storm  remember whenever your wipers are on  so are your headlights  drive smart  d… 
pruitt also scrapped his plan for a taxpayer-funded trip to australia  but not before spending  45 000 of your mone…
as we reflect on the five decades since he was assassinated  we must confront the reality that while much progress…
only days ago  our nation s top intelligence officials admitted that president trump hasn t even asked them to safe…
one of the great things about our san joaquin valley is the dedication so many of us have to giving back to our com…
on china trade  trump talks tough and will do so again in  sotu   but he does nothing  our trade deficit with ch…
support the illinois gun dealer licensing act  we need you to help reduce gun violence in illinois  if you can   
indiana lost a true community servant and business leader today  may andre lacy rest in peace 
by dismantling  cfpb s office for students and young consumers  the trump administration is abandoning 44 million s…
rt  repbetoorourke  yesterday   repzoelofgren & i sent a letter to  hhsgov acting secretary eric hargan demanding answers about this 
rt  arleta_nc  arleta neighborhood council board meeting tomorrow night at 6 30pm -
my family reduced our energy consumption by 1/3 by just turning off our lights and converting to green light bulbs   thinktechhi
congratulations to my friend  senduckworth on the birth of her daughter and making history by becoming the first se…
yesterday  i registered a complaint w/ the house office of general counsel against omar navarro for misrepresenting…
a nobel prize-winning economist put the cost of the war in iraq at  6 trillion  that is almost 100 times as much a…
admissions fees are waived tomorrow at all  natlparkservice sites as part of national park week  find your park in t…
nothing could be more important than ensuring that all workers receive equal pay for equal work  it s time for equal pay 
if trump moves to leave paris agreement  he will single-handedly limit us leadership  stifle economic growth & threaten our security 
good morning  join me at 7 40am when rep  peter king and i talk about our bipartisan opposition to the gop tax plan…
rt  bluecollardems  the american middle class built this country  nobody knows that better than vice president  joebiden  today  we were pr…
shocked and saddened by mass shooting in parkland  florida  praying for entire community  when is enough enough in america 
i congratulate mr  bostic on his historic appointment as the 15th president of the federal reserve bank of atlanta 
dreamers like lety represent the best of our community  and i was proud to invite her to washington to share her st…
rt  grandcanyonnps  grand canyon sunrise on a cool and windy sunday morning - april 29  2018  sunlight passing through colorful clouds imp…
my best rts this week came from   americorps  waysmeanscmte  seec  democrats14  heysyd thank s all via
rt  housebudgetdems  watch ranking member  repjohnyarmuth and committee member  repjeffries break down the gop s raw deal  which increases…
we re at  sherpaclinical packaging where they design packaging and labeling for pharmaceutical clinical trials  the…
 thememo  has been a right-wing talking point for almost a week now and  trump was apparently unaware of the memo  …
our michigan police officers work hard to protect and serve us every day  this national police week  we thank those…
rt  countyofla  the monument is sculpted by architect vahagn thomasian from volcanic rock quarried from armenia s ararat valley  a quote by…
rt  nancypelosi  visiting with d r e a mers from  fwd_us in the capitol today with  replujangrisham   benniegthompson  &  repcuellar  who had…
this week the house is set to vote on the g o p budget  what concerns you the most about this budget   la02 
proud to have joined hundreds of students in dcfor national walkout day  our students  in the bronx &  dc  are inspi…
open enrollment through  coveredca starts tomorrow  visit to find a health plan that works…
thanks to everyone who made our first fundraising quarter such a success 
proud to lead a bipartisan letter to preserve funding for a critical nutrition program for seniors  over 100 of my…
let s be clear  secretary shulkin was fired because he would not allow private sector health care companies to prof…
epa director pruitt has launched yet another attack on the environment  this time rolling back fuel vital efficienc…
so proud of our evanston township high school  eths  students taking a stand against gun violence 
small businesses are the backbone of our economy– driving innovation forward  creating jobs  & providing essential…
trump calls raid of cohen s office  an attack on our country   says  we ll see  about firing mueller…
rt  housedpcc  watch  repcicilline   repdankildee   rephankjohnson   repmarcykaptur   repbeatty &  whiphoyer speak out on the g o p tax scam…
thank you to  lesscancer for all you do to help prevent cancer before it starts  proud to be your partner as co-cha…
thank you to  us_transcom commander  gen  darren w  mcdew  for joining me to discuss enhancing our nation s…
my thoughts and prayers go out to all affected by the marathon explosions  i offer my sincerest condolences to the richard family 
today  i met with representatives of  sistercitiesint to discuss the many benefits of foreign operations initiative…
trump is right  stock market is going up  we are at near full employment  gdp is around 3%  problem  none of that m…
together we can prevent cancer  hpv 
small business leaders don t support the  housegop tax plan  we need to focus on ways to give small businesses and…
 amyharlib  speakerryan i am a proud cosponsor of the dream act and have sponsored measures to force a vote on this bill 
ceo brad clevenger of  solaerotech spent the morning with economic forum of  abq  today  sol aero provides solar po…
my statement on the firing of rex tillerson and nomination of mike pompeo 
since  realdonaldtrump s tax cuts have been enacted  we haven t seen the promised explosion of investments in ameri…
and furthering our understanding on how medicinal marijuana can help veterans manage chronic pain by expanding our…
dr  martin luther king jr  was struck down by hate 50 years ago today  his passion  courage  and dedication to brea…
thank you michael
thank you to all the activists who came to capitol hill yesterday to fight for an end to the domestic and global dog and cat meat trade 
happy birthday to my friend and colleague   repbeatty  i hope you are enjoying your day 
rt  anngelle  i flw all  masen  candidates   capuano4senate leads in twitteraction // thank you  we re happy to interact & earn your vote 
rt  southkcchamber  thank you  repcleaver for stopping by our legislative breakfast this morning 
rt  housejuddems    repjohnconyers   doj_eoir has moved to strip children in immigration proceedings of other vital protections  📝  
rt  nancypelosi  tonight  on the eve of the first anniversary of his inauguration   realdonaldtrump earned an  f  for failure in leadership…
thank you to  afgenational for allowing me to speak today  as the only phd physicist in congress  i can tell you th…
i voted against the spending bill because it will add hundreds of billions to our deficit & does not provide a clea…
  epascottpruitt should rescind his misguided decision to remove epa board scientists  let s get back to science 
it was a pleasure meeting ap government students from poolesville high school and answering their questions before…
college costs - 11 5 million helped 2015 - don t miss out - fattah tax credit bill for students permanently extende…
when it comes to facebook s failure to protect personal data  americans deserve answers from mr  zuckerberg  and th…
devastating  firefighter michael davidson was only 37  a husband & a father of four young children  praying for his…
if congress doesn t act on medicare therapy caps  seniors will be arbitrarily denied necessary physical  speech  a…
thanks for attending yesterday 
i ve never been more proud to receive an f grade in my life  i remain in awe of the young people in florida and acr…
rt  ethannadelmann  at last  bernard noble  who was sentenced to 13 years for possessing two marijuana joints  granted parole yesterday a…
i worked with my colleagues to replace the aging complex with a state-of-the-art facility that would fortify & enha…
need help with an issue involving a federal agency  tomorrow my office will be holding office hours at woodbridge t…
democratic amendments ready to offer to g o p tax scam but republicans are shutting down the markup for the day 
rt  repterrisewell  this is the first shutdown in modern history when one party controls the house  senate  and white house  i m calling on…
we came together with friends and family to celebrate the life of tique lee caul  a proud 25 year antioch resident …
also  children s providers will get a boost in their reimbursement rates under the child care and development block…
icymi  the darrington youth coalition visited d c  to learn more about how they can help lead their community in co…
this morning i attended the kennedy center s mid-winter breakfast in quincy where the food was great and the compan…
rt  elenahung202  so grateful to have  repraskin represent me in congress  he understands what is possible with access to affordable  quali…
it is important that members of congress have ready access to this data so we can monitor the effectiveness of our…
every  1 invested in  snap  helps combat hunger & generates  1 79 of economic activity  the gop house farm bill guts…
 2urbangirls  jfmailander  reporterclaudia  knx1070 unfortunately not  i was on a plane back to dc at 8am for votes…
chag sameach to all those celebrating passover  wishing you and your family a happy passover 
rt  repjoecrowley  proud to join my colleagues  repjerrynadler   keithellison   repcicilline   replindasanchez  and  repmarkpocan to remove…
i agree with 70% of america who supports stronger gun safety measures  i again joined in reintroducing legislation…
nor has  housegop brought bill to ensure up to 7 earned paid sick days for americans  so they can take care of ill children or selves  /3
rt  cbsnews  rep  anna eshoo  was yourdata included in the data sold to the malicious 3rd parties   mark zuckerberg   yes    eshoo  are you…
today s 2018 funding bill increases investments in priorities that touch people s lives—from healthcare to educatio…
honored to named a  newmanitarian  by  newmansownfdn and to be recognized by the legend  senator bob dole for my wo…
happy earth day everyone  my office and i spent part of our day cleaning up youngfield st  a clean environment is g…
rt  usgsvolcanoes   hvo  kilauea volcano video update may 14  kilauea summit vigorous steamplume  occasionally ash laden  no major steam…
rt  hispaniccaucus  trump & republicans helping hispanics  ❌ terminated  daca  ❌ abandoned hispanic outreach for  aca  ❌ passed tax scam ❌ e…
i ll be joining  internetassn for a small business crawl in crown heights  join the conversation by following…
rt  tribelaw  seems correct 
rt  minnesotadfl  we re proud to have trailblazers like  ilhanmn and  keithellison representing our state 
rt  fhfa  hey chicago  homeowners could save   on their mortgage  fhfa s megan moore will be speaking about assistance for homeowners fr…
i am hopeful that with my fellow members of congress  we will be able to bring more federal funding to early inter…
rt  ronwyden  met with tribal leaders yesterday at chemawa indian school to hear their serious health and welfare concerns for students  wo…
happy to have a visit here in d c  from the students of grace christian school located in blacklick  ohio   oh 
we will never forget the attack on pearl harbor 75 years ago that changed our country and the world 
ryan s explanation gives double-speak a bad name 
nearly 30% of pennsylvania s prisoners have a mental illness  this staggering fact is just one of many reasons wh…
assad s chemical attack was horrific  yet more war without genuine diplomacy is shortsighted and further inflames s…
i have stated numerous times that i support tax relief for all georgia families  but it needs to be fair  balanced …
rt  ac360  rep  jackie speier speculates that president trump will  heavily  redact the democrat memo   he does not want to have the book r…
donald trump s nominee for cia director  gina haspel  was asked four times by  senkamalaharris whether the use of t…
i stand in full support of the crowley resolution regarding the speaker s decision to forcibly push the house chapl…
rt  usprogressives  we wrote to the senate intel  committee to express our concerns about the nomination and possible confirmation of gina…
former trump administration national security advisor michael flynn is now the fourth member of trump s slimy orbit…
rt  hackensacktap  combating the opioid epidemic  takes way more than a village   hackensack localnews
pruitt may have broken laws here  paying himself  65 000 from campaign funds to cover expenses without full disclo…
the president has made it clear he stands with oppressors  his congratulations to a russian dictator on a sham elec…
today house republicans passed their g o p tax scam that is a direct assault on the middle class  adds a minimum of  1…
in 2018 alone there have been 9 school shootings resulting in injury or death  thousands of children die each year…
rt  foxnewsnight  monday w/  shannonbream   repdavebrat   repgaramendi   chrisstirewalt   lisamarieboothe &  antjuansea   edhenry   kristin…
 i ll give you three minutes to disperse and return to your homes or to your church   selma52
rt  hascdemocrats  all  hascdemocrats & all  edworkforcedems send letter opposing privatization of funds that support schools and students …
i was so pleased to join the  alzassociation for the 25th annual walk to end alzheimer s la 
it was my pleasure to have university of minnesota duluth associate professor of french studies dana lindaman  ph d…
action steps for this week--get active and engage 
congratulations  2018 five-time medalist and fellow  atherton_high alum  oksanamasters  carrying the flag is a fitt…
rt  leandrab_sbg   repjohndelaney   there s a bipartisan deal if it involves some new revenues & some smart regulatory reforms  and there s…
rt  jackjacksonjr  it s always an honor representing  repohalleran at cd1 community meetings  in show low attending a quarterly gathering o…
rt  frederikg191  members of the congressional black caucus talk tech and black wealth 
rt  washingtonpost  russian police detain nearly 1 600 protesting putin s 4th presidential term
8 years ago today the affordable care act was signed into law  i am proud to have helped lead the fight to make sur…
rt  usnavy  happy 242 navy bday  🎂🎈 rt to celebrate america s seapower to protect and promote  🇺🇸⚓
thank you cecile for helping american women  men  and families thrive  you ve done an incredible job at the helm of…
happy to be with my friends in the  machinistsunion for their legislative conference this morning  if we want to re…
click the link below to read about some of the work that i did in april to breakthrough the bureaucracy in washingt…
on this texas independence day texans should celebrate at the ballot box  they say everything is bigger in texas  le…
estoy convencido de que promesa es la mejor alternativa legislativa al grave problema que enfrentan mis constituyentes 
rt  newshour  watch   judywoodruff s interview with  jerrybrowngov and  agbecerra about the trump administration s lawsuit against the stat…
the universe is 20 times more vast than we thought |
rt  engage_cuba  and yet the u s  is nowhere to be found  totally blind to what is happening on the island at the biggest political transi…
fattah leadership in congress - portrait of first black congressman unveiled - race & ethnicity via  todayshow
a free and open internet is the great equalizer of our time  net neutrality is a social justice issue  and i hope m…
maxine waters demands info on russia-linked twitter accounts she says targeted her
democracy thrives when every citizen participates in deciding our shared future  never doubt the power of a single…
going on the house floor to call out  marcorubio for refusing to withdraw his dc gun bill  which eliminates dc s to…
do you know what s worse than asking for congress to pass a tax bill where the benefits are  shared by all american…
 amarch4ourlives  neveragainmsd  emma4change  davidhogg111  cameron_kasky  sarahchadwickk  lexforchange…
for over a decade   cecilerichards has been our country s 1 advocate for women s rights at  ppact  she has champio…
proud to join cape cod  gmasagainstgv &  momsdemand to mark the 4th anniversary of the sandy hook shooting - impt t…
congratulations   team_harbaugh  ken  a former navy pilot  is part of the next generation of leaders who will bring…
great to be with president bill mullen and the rest of the nj b&ctc this morning at their annual legislative breakf…
today students across my district are taking a stand to demand action on gun violence  i join them in solidarity  w…
for years  i have worked to eliminate barriers restricting gun violence research  today s omnibus is a great first…
americans deserve to know their personal data is protected  democrats are currently working to put together an inte…
19 years ago i was just starting my first term in congress when the columbine shooting rocked the nation  for almo…
it was great to see  milfordms  monadnock waldorf school & other cheshire county students & their beautiful zero wa…
we ran steve bannon out of the white house  now the hater is spreading poison to extremist groups in europe  we can…
friday  my office will host a home buying workshop for veterans and eligible dependents  call us at  702  220-9823…
the trump administration has scrapped the cfpb s office for students and young consumers -- the only office in the…
what exactly is trump s plan to  rebuild  military  watch what i had to say on  msnbc
without netneutrality  broadband companies can block and throttle internet traffic or charge companies and consume…
 cspi this was a tough fight—filled with years of delays  industry pushback  and lawsuits  nevertheless  we prevail…
we are not going back 
  mycommtrans swift green line will improve the commute for riders in  wa02  to get to work  school & back home  the…
trump s doubling down on this bigoted policy is shameful  no one should be denied the privilege of serving in our m…
each year  the federal government awards a significant percentage of contracting opportunities to small businesses…
  realdonaldtrump continues to say one thing in public and another behind closed doors  we just saw it with daca an…
i ll be  unomaha on thursday to honor dr  lourdes gouveia for her contributions to the  ne02  community  will you jo…
is  epascottpruitt getting a sweet deal on housing at below-market rates from an energy industry lobbyist – and if…
honored to have an office anywhere in the people s house   billclarkphotos
we can t forget the sacrifice of our veterans  that s why i m sponsoring an event with the library of congress  ve…
rt  calbudgetcenter  planned budget cuts in g o p tax bill could have serious consequences for ca    could blow a big hole in the state budget…
and knowledge is power  vote to exercise your power 
january 22  2018 – the net charter high school  gentilly  louisiana photo   nolanews 10/19
i am proud to announce that the american federation of teachers massachusetts has endorsed my candidacy for re-election  mapoli
 superwellington i m a proud cosponsor of the bill that will protect the special counsel from any interference and…
great catching up with speaker  rendon63rd in his sacramento office  topics of discussion   ab1795   homelessness  t…
rt  repstevestivers  financial literacy is important at every age  thanks to  natljumpstart  my  finlitcaucus co-chair  repbeatty  and ever…
my office is hosted a small business workshop for owners this week to connect them with resources to grow and hire …
our obligation is not just to our veterans  but to their families who have faced the unique demands of the military…
i joined  anacabrera on  cnnnewsroom last night for a discussion on the future of deputy ag rosenstein &the…
u s  house passes bill to fix territorial  jurisdictional problems around acadia mepolitics
you re invited  on monday  3/5  join us at 11 30am  rutgers_camden for a conversation w/ firstladynj …
thank you  president  emmanuelmacron  for reminding congress this week how critical it is for the united states to…
rt  repterrisewell  let s build a world where silencing women is not  very common  among celebrities and people of wealth   
rt  cleanairmoms    repeliotengel to  epascottpruitt  your tenure has been stained by abuses of public trust   on top of that  the agency i…
there were no winners here  but i m proud to cast this vote to end the g o pshutdown so the country can get back to work 
nobody has ever claimed that daca is a perfect solution  temporary protection for hardworking young immigrants is n…
rt  kellyinmedia  congressman  state put delta tunnels ahead of oroville dam spillway
a beautiful day for earth fest at the  sacramentozoo 
happy  apahm   i wish everyone a joyous celebration as we recognize the amazing contributions a a p is have made to ou…
talking w/ nv01  constituents about why i support medicare4 all  hr676 
public housing developments are crumbling  any infrastructure plan must not leave these hardworking americans behin…
on the house floor i discussed the letter from 83 dems to house leadership and appropriators saying we want them to…
rt  reploisfrankel  a year of trump put seniors  earned benefits like medicare and social security under attack  seniors deserve to retire w…
i will be on the coast next week  holding town hall meetings in coos bay  bandon and florence  full schedule here 
sharing details of his own immigrant past   repjoecrowley tells  capac18  that it is what unifies all of us  we need…
congrats to kashon harrison of fruitland  nm  who won the foot locker cross country west regional championship  har…
huge thank you to everyone across the country helping to spread the word about open enrollment  let s keep it up …
active outdoor recreation is a critical part of the washington economy  congress must reauth  lwcf  to support outdoor recreation spots
enjoyed speaking at today s c o  bastian high school commencement ceremony at the caliente youth center  congratula…
i m joining  ryanharriskfbk on  kfbk this morning to discuss the shameful proposal before congress that would outla…
rt  repdwightevans  in philly  african-americans are more likely to be arrested than any other racial group  the time is now to address th…
rt  davidleopold  wow-findings of doj commissioned report on immigration courts flatly contradict sessions attempts to pressure judges at…
yes  why on earth would an  epa administrator promote lng  this is just one of the reasons i ve called for…
the american people want action  they want leadership  they want us to end gun violence  speaker ryan  hear their vo…
nice to see san jose city councilmember  sergio4d2 drop by my washington dc office this week 
rt  senduckworth  we re also so grateful for the love and support of our friends and family  as well as our wonderful medical teams for eve…
it was a pleasure to meet with  ithacacollege pres  shirley collado  the first dominican american to serve as presi…
louise slaughter was also a champion of the first order for women s rights  she stood up for people who lacked a vo…
to my house and senate colleagues  if the president causes a constitutional crisis by firing mueller  no one can c…
rt  thebeatdc  congressman juan vargas   repjuanvargas  leads the chc asking dhs about the detention and treatment of pregnant immigrants b…
rt  shana_loveday  thanks  repkihuen for visiting the youth at caliente youth center  i work closely with these youth and your words had an…
rt  sdregionaledc  our innovation economy has poised san diego to be unstoppable in the global market  it s also created economic inequalit…
take action this week 
unlocking economic opportunity and tearing down systemic barriers to success requires an open  free and fair intern…
i m excited that  facebook &  cnmonline have created a digital marketing certificate and will offer it to  nm  stude…
i was blessed to meet america s first grandmother  barbara bush  several times and i always admired her deep devoti…
rt  repadamschiff  breaking  gop just shut down house intel investigation  leaving questions unanswered  leads unexplored  countless witnes…
 if you gaze long into an attorney general  the attorney general also gazes into you  
last night  we hosted students and parents from across the tenth district to learn about the application and nomina…
loved hearing from thoughtful students at antioch middle prep 
3 --&gt  after the g o p tax scam was signed into law   aan – as promised – started running ads to support  housegop memb…
despite massive public outcry  the  fcc took away a free and open internet   senatedems are one step closer to brin…
icymi  lawmakers need to ensure we fund resources and research efforts to prevent future natural disasters from bec…
our region s identity and economy are directly tied to puget sound s health  the president budgeted  0 for puget so…
i spoke with  sbdcatunf regional director janice donaldson following the small business committee field hearing at…
rt  homelanddems  full committee markup starting now  3 dem homeland bills being offered from  benniegthompson   repbonnie   repbarragan  v…
u s  decision to abstain in un vote condemning cuba embargo is small but meaningful  the cold war is over  congress…
newly released trump budget targets social security/medicare and explodes deficit  another fraudulent promise broken  sad
we re still not doing nearly enough to prepare americans to succeed in the economy of the future  we should be inve…
8 years ago today  the deepwater disaster spill claimed 11 lives  in 6 months  some 5 000 000 barrels of oil poured…
today and every day  we celebrate the trailblazing women that make our communities stronger and more inclusive  hap…
efforts to add a citizenship question to the 2020census will suppress participation & will result in inaccurate da…
rt  gasicklecell  sickle cell awareness month started today   sicklecellawarenessmonth
lee asher visited  ccasnj & my office presented a commendation for animaladoption advocacy  thanks for all you do…
urged congress to provide relief to communities impacted by a nuclear plant closure  though we are not ready to giv…
today is election day  make sure you get out & vote  click here for your polling locations  election day bospoli
rt  usprogressives  under the g o p tax scam  the super rich get richer on the backs of the poor and working families  that s not the america…
thank you  there are no unimportant races — we have to keep working to turn texas blue in november 
rt  hattersherald 
rt  housejuddems  🆕  davidcicilline   repjohnconyers push for hearing on white house political interference in telecom  media industries🆕…
given this curious activity   epaoig again expanded their investigation into pruitt s possible misuse of taxpayer-f…
i m deeply disappointed to see this republican-controlled congress vote to ship radioactive nuclear waste across th…
people who cannot vote cannot lead  kerner50 urged the nation to address race and poverty  too much remains the sa…
4/ if we scrap the deal  abandon our  nato allies & the iranians start racing toward a nuclearweapon  we could eas…
these young people having been living in fear for months  it s past time for us to come up with a permanent solutio…
many thanks to  southgatecagov for organizing today s earth day community cleanup and celebration  it was great to…
as the vice chair of the bipartisan congressional caucus of women s issues  i m proud to co-host this special…
great visit with the  mbxsystems team in libertyville to learn about this cutting-edge technology manufacturer that…
this court case should be allowed to run its course  pai should not try to push the sinclair-tribune merger through…
  realdonaldtrump tries to explain obstruction of justice as  fighting back  in the same way a shoplifter tries to…
on this memorial day and always  we remember our fallen military who sacrificed so much in service to our country 
freedom of the press is absolutely essential to the strength of our nation  this world press freedom day  i will cont…
rt  wordofmouth  one me too edition  today  new hampshire stories of survival  reflection and prevention 
we ve made too much progress on environmental protections here in california to turn back now — which is why it s s…
while not perfect  i m pleased the funding bill includes priorities i ve been working on such as  nih funding  fund…
the cyber threat to our national security is real  i support legislation to reinstate the cybersecurity coordinator…
i m hosting this week s final  coffee with your congresswoman  event tonight in altamonte springs  i ll be speaking…
 repwalle  astros great to see you  armando 
 senatorpeters congrats 
these are just some of the many dangers we now risk with no deal in place  this decision will create an increasingl…
special thank you to  nygovcuomo and the people on ny for their assistance in the irma relief and recovery effort…
rt  ronicacleary  joining us today on fox5 on the hill on  fox5dc at 8 30am  - breaking down the memo with  repsarbanes  attorney chuck mccu…
one s an american hero  the other s an american insult  you choose   fox news employees ineligible  
as the opioid epidemic continues to ravage our communities in hawaii & across the country  we must explore every a…
rt  durhamnc  not every city gets to say they have two universities in the ncaa tournament  congrats to  dukeu and  nccu on heading to the…
as our country reflects on the life of rev  dr  martin luther king  jr   our leaders should remember that his missi…
wonderful to stop by the 41st annual nikkei matsuri  japanese american festival  in one of the nation s last remain…
thank you  fearless home rule coalition for working with me and dc officials to protect dc s local laws  today we s…
19 years ago  12 students and a teacher were killed at columbine high school  today  young people across the nation…
rt  whiphoyer  this week  the make it in america listening tour is making two stops in the upper midwest  today  i m discussing entrepreneurs…
here are some things you can do to make our community a better place this week 
on world a i d s day  i m celebrating the advances in medicine & education that are slowing the spread of hiv & recommi…
the kauai community is taking action to help each other after severe rain  flooding & landslides have ravaged home…
trump s nuclear posture review needlessly & dangerously embraces new nukes  what is to be gained by sparking an arms…
my resolution supporting secondchancemonth highlights the barriers faced by those returning to their communities a…
lawyer resigns  national security adviser fired  porn star sued  dow down 700  points  how does this make america g…
 potus  is once again preventing an immigrant woman from accessing her constitutionally-protected reprorights  to b…
i am holding mobile constituent services hours this month in hollister  watsonville  and gonzales  for more informa…
happy earth day  a day where we recommit ourselves to the preservation of our environment  read about my plan for c…
today is international holocaust remembrance day  we can never forget nazi atrocities  we are all morally obligated…
pleased that the cities of sacramento & west sacramento have received over  1 million in combined federal funding f…
god bless and protect our troops  they ve sent the message that using poison gas on innocent civilians is immoral and unacceptable 
the first-ever city of columbus career fair is happening may 12th  you can register today   oh 
rt  klebergrancher   repfilemonvela thankyou for the visit to kleberg kenedy farm bureau   texasfarmbureau
i m proud of the many principled students participating in today s dayof silence to highlight the harassment and si…
i posted a new photo to facebook
so pleased to be in a room full of dreamers and dreamer supporters at hillsdale high school after voting against th…
immigrants who come as family are workers  entrepreneurs  caregivers  teachers  and neighbors  value our families no family ban
synthetic opioids are being shipped into our country from abroad & devastating our communities  congress must give…
congratulations to the children s museum of denver on winning  us_imls  2018 national medal for museum and library…
rt  jgocamom  amazing  inspirational  hopeful meeting with  rephuffman including a panel of students and our own  momsdemand members enoug…
rt  housejuddems  the fourth circuit put it well   realdonaldtrump s muslim ban  second-guesses our nation s dedication to religious freedo…
congrats to the founders of  bitwisefresno for winning the highest  fresnodowntown award  as we wrap up this year …
 it didn t matter what he said  how many anecdotes he could dredge up  how he could try to associate himself with v…
for infrastructure week2018  i m renewing my push to get congressional leaders to focus on the infrastructure needs…
best of luck tonight  warriors  dub nation is rooting for you  n b a playoffs strengthinnumbers
it s the work of  newmansownfdn  fidelco that strengthen our communities  newman s own & i began our work together…
today we remember bloody sunday & the brave foot soldiers who marched across selma for fair access to the ballot b…
it s always great when music city songwriters visit my office in washington  today   byronhillmusic played some of…
rt  senschumer  mr  president  the powers of the presidency do not give you the right to interfere with or shut down the russia investigati…
rt  carmenyulincruz  great meeting with rep rosa delauro  d-ct  & rep grace meng  d-ny  on how to overcome the challenges we face in san ju…
no child should be exposed to asbestos through common  everyday products  that s why we were all stunned when clair…
my open our democracy act has a very simple goal – to make the house of representatives truly representative  proud…
thankful to stop the violence advocates and coney island residents who came out this morning to our community conve…
the republican party is consumed by chaos and confusion  while my dem colleagues & i are focused on delivering a be…
across the country  too many of our schools are falling apart  stifling our children s ability to learn  grow& thri…
thanks to this great group from  aicum who met with me today to discuss higher education policy  happy to have repr…
mrs  bush is in our prayers tonight and april and i send our condolences to the entire bush family  we join the nat…
but we are not going to allow this without a fight  the amash-lofgren amendment to s  139 would prevent law enforce…
thanks to  rihealth director dr  nicole alexander-scott for coming by the office today  i was grateful to hear more…
rt  robertwolf32  so excited to be on comeback cities tour  detroitfdnhotel w mi  replawrence  repdebdingell oh  reptimryan ca  rokhanna  b…
tonight  the nation will hear from stoneman douglas shooting survivors  it s time for congress to show as much cour…
el salvador has among the highest murder rates in the world  including one of the highest rates of femicide  in 201…
i guess none of us should be surprised that  realdonaldtrump is even capable of screwing up the process of counting 
congratulations to  liuna local 81 on your 100th anniversary  you don t last for 100 years unless you serve each ot…
that s a terribly inefficient use of your time and va resources  this is exactly why we need a qualified manager in…
rt  repcummings  it s time to send a clear message on the 2020 census that everyone counts  an undercount will hurt people in red states to…
rt  keithellison   right-to-work  laws =  right-to-work-for-less   workers in right-to-work states earn lower wages on average  and the the…
flashback friday
rt  hascdemocrats   it is essential for aviators & their families—as well as for military ability to recruit & perform its mission—that con…
incredible  republicans have shut the government down for the second time in less than one month despite being in c…
congratulations to jasmine ulloa  a senior at san benito high school  for winning first place in this year s  ca20… 
no words will ever replace the loss or emptiness that remains after the shooting at sandy hook elementary  5 years…
it was such a treat to meet with st  paul ame church s girl scout cluster during their visit to  dc   more than 50 m…
it was great to host a national day of prayer breakfast in winter springs to discuss the need for unity and the impor…
some of interior secretary zinke s actions  like flying a flag when present at the department  or handing out comme…
sending a journalist who had not committed a crime to a country that has threatened his life in retaliation for his…
did you stay up late watching the world series  congratulations to the  cubs on their historic win and for finally breaking the curse 
spent my morning with the  redcross installing smoke alarms in flint  grateful for their work helping people protec…
rt  housejuddems  rm  repjerrynadler   this is an historic opportunity to accomplish something that hasn t been done in decades  i urge al…
rt  repalgreen  first  repwilson  now  sengillibrand  who s next  this type of bigotry and sexism has no place in the white house  first58…
rt  sarahemcbride  looking forward to chatting with  joekennedy tonight at  politicsprose on connecticut ave at 7 pm  can t wait to see y a…
the president thought so lowly of giuliani that he would not even appoint him as ag  but now that all of his lawyer…
participated in a great  wtop opioid panel with the  addictionpolicy and dmv community leaders and public health ex…
thread  from election security & counterterrorism to transportation infrastructure & airport noise control  here…
rt  tbhjr   repdarrensoto i just wrote asking you to support growing  nasa s budget by 5% in 2019  let s invest in our future by investing…
i joined progressives from all over who came together to use tech to solve political challenges a t x hackathon
rt  janschakowsky  we re kicking off our hearing on sexual harassment in the service industry  we ll hear from six witnesses today  inclu…
rt  transportdems   the airline industry needs to focus on getting its own house in order instead of extending its reach to control our ski…
i was thrilled that  cncs received a funding increase in the 2018 budget bill  programs like  americorps…
today  team m l g met with  cleanairmoms to discuss their important advocacy for reducing pollution and a creating a…
teachers  march 1st will be the deadline to apply for tuition-free opportunities in the humanities through the nati…
minnesotans care deeply about the environment because it s a matter of health and safety   realdonaldtrump s  epa…
fact   epascottpruitt is under three separate investigations  end the wasteful spending and abuse of power …
  realdonaldtrump s attacks on the fbi and attempts to undermine the mueller investigation are alarming  it also su…
analysis of fy18 stats shows 45 year low in unauthorized border crossing  16k-plus border patrol apprehended 136k p…
rt  repalgreen  i appreciate  repjohnlewis and  benniegthompson for refusing to allow their historic credibility to legitimize trump s infa…
great to speak with you & other service members while visiting okinawa  tokyo  & u s  pacific command last week tha…
 saving lives is a choice  it s a choice the people of massachusetts have made on a bipartisan basis  bit by bit  o…
rt  iusa  great meeting with  repvisclosky about higher education and iu student issues 
rt  greg_hellman    reprokhanna  who won approval of a resolution last year in the house declaring u s  involvement unauthorized  made the…
good luck to the  fisk1866 and  tsuedu students who are competing in the  hcasc  championship tomorrow  nashville is…
i will be questioning mark zuckerberg of facebook about data gathering and surveillance and your personal privacy …
glad i could be part of rhett s special day  makeawish
  realdonaldtrump  since you were last at the  nraam  convention  more than 35 000 people have been killed with guns 
remember when mexico  not you  the american taxpayer  was supposed to pay for the wall  another con  and what tru…
teamsters local on strike over beer distributor s decision change routing system that compels more drivers to load…
rt  repjoekennedy  scott pruitt believes his first class flights and secure phone booth are more worthy of protection than the environment …
did you know that you can still apply to renew your daca  if you meet the requirements to apply for a daca renewal …
so honored and so proud to welcome a trans-generational hero  a worldwide beacon of thoughtful hope and wise guidan…
happy to speak today to area mayors and trustees at the west central municipal conference legislative breakfast  i…
another day  another ridiculous scott pruitt request  this time  instead of promoting the mission of the epa  he al…
rt  allinwithchris  joining  chrislhayes tonight   jonlemire  swin24  repmaxinewaters  rwpusa  chrislu44  amyklobuchar  benhowe  annielowre…
the white house was alarmed  they didn t seem alarmed when half of the senate  including republicans  voted against…
joined rep  donald mceachin and several members of the general assembly at equality virginia s 15th annual commonwe…
i commend president moon for his leadership and vision of a peaceful peninsula 
join me in welcoming day&zimmerman to  citychesterpa and thanking mayor linder & thaddeus kirkland for advancing city
rt  abc  new  sen  feinstein  rep  schiff urge facebook and twitter to investigate involvement of russian bots in pushing  release the memo…
rt  journalstarnews  nebraska farmers eager to get in fields as harvest begins in fits and starts 
i am proud seeing hi keiki in a nat l program like turnaround arts  the arts are the fabric that children s education is based on 
today  i spoke at the  lccpalominos cybersecurity conference about implementing effective cyber defense practices t…
president trump keeps making up stories about california voter fraud  it is disgraceful that he persists in this vi…
rt  usgsvolcanoes  short-lived plume of ash from pu u  Ō ō captured during an hvo overflight 
the  smart  folks say when unemployment falls and the labor supply gets tighter  then wages should go up  but it s…
rt  derricknaacp   the women in the 115th cong  are serving  in part b/c of the cra of 64  & vra of 65   their diversity  give us hope our…
the president s racially derogatory remarks about sen  warren today are mean-spirited  insulting & impossible to in…
i spoke at an event kicking off  carnegiemellon energy week2018 this morning  there s an energy revolution underway…
we are learning what a tough position people are facing at the 3 branches of the gop  white house  congress & fox…
rt  amjoyshow  rep   maxinewaters calls for trump s impeachment  slams the house intel committee report as  nothing 
rt  secretarysonny  big  600 million boost for rural broadband in omnibus  new pilot grant & loan combo program  administered by  usda  wi…
very pleased that the house passed my bill to cut terrorist financing  the prevent trafficking in cultural property act
rt  ap  breaking  dick s sporting goods  one of the nation s largest outdoor gear retailers  ends sale of assault-style rifles in stores 
through their countless acts of bravery  we ve seen that inland empire law enforcement officials are some of the be…
attention high school students  are you interested in attending a military academy  join me at academy day at…
last week  i unveiled the m o m m aact and since i ve spoken with families & women affected by maternal mortality & mo…
rt  maziehirono  i grew up on a rice farm in rural japan  when i arrived in hawaii  i didn t speak a word of english  john kelly  you don t…
the fcc began rolling back net neutrality today  isps will now be able to stop or slow down connectivity & could fo…
we must listen to our agriculture communities regarding the challenges they face in putting food on americans  dinn…
rt  dalailama  i feel that it s crucial to have a clear recognition of the value of your objective  that s the important thing  recognizing…
may the fourth be with  housedemocrats /  demsespanol to protect our care
rt  hispaniccaucus  as of today  11 790  daca  recipients have lost their status after trump ended the program on sept 5th  dreamers can t…
h r  4518  the bears ears national monument expansion act  which would not only prevent the re-designation of the b…
father conroy has done a superb job tending to his flock  speaker ryan s feeble excuses are a pretext to cover for…
rt  usprogressives  thank you  keithellison for fighting republicans  efforts to sustain a rigged system that favors the wealthy and corpor…
not only do invasive species cause serious and harmful damage to our farmlands  agricultural production  food suppl…
today in a t&i hearing  i questioned the new assistant secretary of the army for civil works about their plans to…
president trump s decision to withdraw from the iran deal is reckless  irresponsible  and was made without an expla…
the transfer of power from raul castro to miguel diaz-canel is a sham transition  castro will continue to stomp on…
congratulations to ruth j  simmons as she was inaugurated as  pvamu first woman and 8th university president 
i was humbled to stand with the florida delegation for a moment of silence in honor of sergeant noel ramirez & dep…
one of my favorite parts of the week was presenting flags flown over the capitol and copies of the congressional re…
rt  guardmagazine   i intend to be in this job for a long  long time  ✏️  repmarktakai
  cdcgov and  us_fda needs to provide clear advice to consumers about the romaine lettuce e  coli outbreak 
 chrismurphyct  senmarkey live tomorrow at 11 30est  bicameral  and bipartisan in the hous…
on average  women earn 80 cents for every  1 paid to a man  for women of color  the wagegap is much larger  we hav…
as we come to the close of day two on the trump shutdown  i remain ready and willing to work on a budget deal  chip…
day 16 of womens history month- just a reminder that  speakerryan decided it was more important for congress to take…
rt  dennert jobs of the future are in  stem  field  we must educate our students about these well-paying  middle-class jobs ask julia  ca26 
at the concord pd annual award ceremony  we celebrated the newly sworn-in officers and professional staff  recogniz…
my full statement --&gt 
trump  further isolating the united states  thinks he knows better than our negotiators and all of our global allie…
wishing a very special military spouse appreciation day to marcela rodrigues 
we must get answers for our vets exposed to burn pits  that s why 22 of my colleagues and i signed a bipartisan let…
decisions should be based on the best research available  not limited because mr  pruitt and his allies really only…
it is time to work together and recognize what works in health care  fix what doesn t  and lower health care costs for all americans
rt  cspanwj  icymi  del   staceyplaskett  d-vi  discussed  potus  trip to puerto rico & hurricane relief to the virgin islands
rt  housebudgetdems  the trump budget s infrastructure  plan   -privatizes existing infrastructure -requires state and local govts to fund…
george washington bridge opened 85 yrs ago today when i was 1   nyc  has changed much but gw is still the vital gatew…
rt  talamantedc  fl sí se puede proteger sus residentes  pero dc no   marcorubio tiene que dejar de atacar las leyes de la regulación de ar…
congratulations to my sister   susheelajayapal  who just became the first south asian american ever elected in oreg…
few things in my life have inspired me more than these hs students 
join me in congratulating our six new firefighters who recently graduated and will join the  cathedralcityfd
every american deserves to be counted  2020 census
eager to hear what s on your mind and answer your questions at our next town hall on january 22nd  hope to see you…
rt  farmweeknow  listen  click  read  potential  devastating  consequences of china trade dispute worry  repcheri 
enjoyed speaking with representatives from  hillvets  a bipartisan group that empowers veterans & supports their ed…
i really enjoyed visiting pacheco high school in los banos yesterday  from the students  insightful questions to t…
i am looking forward to the 2017 town forums starting on january 7  click here to find a town forum near you …
congratulations to nathan dring from  andrewhs_d230 — our congressional art competition winner  nathan s artwork —…
clare gregorian was a passionate community leader who helped blaze the trail for  ripr  she will be dearly missed 
congrats to dr  sonny ramaswamy  the outgoing director of  usda_nifa on his successful tenure  he has been a strong…
today  i met with domineka lynch  president of the congressional hispanic caucus institute  chci   and her chief of…
arresting 212 working people at more than 100 local los angeles businesses will rip apart families and damage of lo…
   is an abandonment of our commitments to be an honest and fair broker of diplomatic efforts to achieve security …
rt  waysmeanscmte  the republican tax law is complex and confusing  it was written hastily and is filled with errors  because the law is su…
ante la inminente consideración de promesa  envié una carta a todos los senadores de eu explicando la urgencia de q sea realidad el 1/julio
an amazing speech from french president  emmanuelmacron   this is a time of determination and courage  what we cher…
it was a pleasure to attend the congressional hispanic caucus institute conference and moderate a policy panel on   
the montecito center for preparedness  recovery  and rebuilding is now open at 1238 coast village circle to assist…
i commend  sheriffed_hcso &  hcsotexas for holding responsible the deputy who took danny ray thomas from his family…
rt  raiseupmo  a minimum wage increase doesn t just raise wages  it increases the buying power of thousands of missourians raise the wage ht…
tomorrow  the senate will vote on whether to save net neutrality or turn the internet over to the highest bidder …
rt  nycedc  the south brooklyn marine terminal will be reactivated as a major shipping hub that will create over 250 quality jobs in the ne…
i am opposed to the g o p tax scam bill on the house floor today because  housegop wants to raise taxes on middle clas…
 mrdannyglover came to memphis to continue his lifelong civil rights advocacy  we met up at the withers gallery on…
rt  repgutierrez  off the cuff podcast with  rephuffman and  repgutierrez discussing immigration and d r e a mers via soundcloud
rt  agschneiderman  thank you to all my partners in the fight for justice for coming together today to protect new yorkers and the foundati…
we continue to learn more about  epascottpruitt s longstanding pattern of unethical conduct & misleading denials  t…
reminder  calling on all business and restaurant owners in the san antonio area  join us for dhs image and i-9 work…
so-called law enforcement officials  like bull conner  perpetuated jim crow segregation in the south  apparently  t…
join me tuesday at  usjct for a public forum  we will be discussing my bill action for national service and more 
for a long time  stevekingia has made clear his contempt for people of color  thus his support for white nationalism comes as no surprise 
today we recognize transgender day of visibility  seeing transgender people for who they are where they are 
icymi  yesterday i discussed the latest on the irand deal with  npraudie on  npratc  click below to listen to our…
151yrs ago  13th amendment to constitution ratified  abolishing slavery & involuntary servitude  one step to…
parades won t fund health clinics for servicemembers or programs that help disabled veterans adjust to civilian lif…
rt  housedemocrats    repjohnyarmuth  ky-03  held his annual community dialogue with african-american veterans in honor of black history mon…
as we mourn the orlando tragedy  read this powerful open letter from natl leaders saying  enough   to gunviolence 
on this day  holy for so many  let us be joined by our common values
rt  repwilson  four years of not knowing your child s status must feel like an eternity  we are keeping the faith until we bring back our gir…
rt  repalgreen  commissioner  rodneyellis and i are excited to join the city of houston for our thanksgiving day parade  have a happy and s…
thank you  startribune for your endorsement for my re-election campaign this year 
always enjoy talking politics and movies with my friend  richard_schiff  and we both miss  maffyfitz 
re  president trump s threat to remove ice officials from california  my advice is to do what most members of congr…
while trump obsesses over his corruption scandals and wastes time getting his briefings from watching tv all day …
ironically  protecting swamps seems to be the only epa responsibility  epascottpruitt is taking seriously 
harlem was home to inspiring artists such as langston hughes who reminds us not to defer our dreams …
attempting to address gun violence without addressing or even acknowledging the role of guns will doom the prospect…
this devastating proposal failed because the american people made their voices heard  but we must remain vigilant …
withdrawing from the iran deal does nothing to make our country safer 
honored to march with us marine sgt lou boria  puerto rican  wwii and korean war veteran at orlando pr parade 🇵🇷 un…
  theatlantic  there s nothing to stop the 2018 elections from being hacked  two years after russia made disrupti…
  repgracemeng  housedemocrats and i are walking out with students across the nation 
 corybooker would have loved to volunteer with senator booker  maybe next year 
 ja_gw 12138 central ave  box 671  bowie 20721
rt  nglcc  the  nglcc has issued a statement in response to the letter composed by  repyvetteclarke &  nydiavelazquez to  sbagov /  sbalind…
snap  medicare  social security  and more keep so many retired americans out of poverty  sat down with  aarpnj to d…
happy teacher appreciation day & week to the amazing educators in san diego & around the country  best investment we…
international womens day is a reminder for me and my colleagues in congress that we cannot rest until full gender eq…
enjoyed meeting with bonnie carroll  bonnie_at_taps   salma seraj  and erin jacobson from  tapsorg yesterday aftern…
rt  cqnow  house chaplain patrick conroy is staying  but lawmakers still want answers about  speakerryan s decision to fire him  writes  li…
puerto rico se une a la celebración del 100mo aniversario del national park service con el castillo san felipe del morro 
this is what leadership looks like 
we have a moral obligation to do all that we can to end gun violence in america 
this is exactly why i ve been working for years on solutions  like my bill hr 2083  to save our endangered salmon i…
sat down with newark  belleville  jersey city  & bayonne residents to discuss their important work with…
for all the mothers even those with webbed feet happy mothers day 
today with  usprogressives  the new cbo score reports that 24 million americans will still lose health care under t…
i am so proud of all the young people whose artistic efforts made this year s congressional art competition the most…
today we honor dr  martin luther king jr s leadership in fighting to end racial and social injustice  50 years afte…
thank you  brooklynnaacp   alickaasamuel41  assemblylwalker for bringing our community together to remember…
there is much to be grateful for this holiday season  wishing you and yours a very happy thanksgiving 
200 ds & rs agree it is time to pass the thompson king background checks bill  hr 4240   which will improve the sys…
national park week is april 21-29 and all  natlparkservice sites will waive entrance fees on april 21  enjoy ameri…
every february our country celebrates black history month  it s a time to recommit ourselves to the promise of equal…
keystone x l has been an environmental disaster from day one  water is life
i met with members from  1199mass today to discuss the ongoing relief efforts in puerto rico and the virgin islands…
rt  drdenagrayson  bwahahahaha‼️🤣😂🤣 what s next  the  nra  declares april 2018 as national gun violence awareness month⁉️
rt  gipc_indy  interested in internships  jobs  & summer volunteer opportunities  or know someone who is   stop by the central library  whe…
9th circuit got it right  big win for our american values 
it was great to see tony at the boxelder bug days parade last weekend 
    does not permit military attacks without congressional approval  during the campaign  people feared a president  realdonaldtrump with   
i m heartbroken for the students  parents and everyone affected by this tragedy and grateful for the quick response…
today i introduced a bill to require house members to receive mandatory annual cybersecurity training  read more 
rt  repdankildee  four years later  flint families are still recovering from the water crisis and having to use filters & bottled water  in…
parabens   h3lio  what a fantastic finish in newton at the  iowa_corn indy race  congrats on the win 
i m all for inspiring kids at an early age-- and this might be a record  hope you enjoyed the day together 
rt  nikkischwab  meanwhile   gerryconnolly says on  cnn that  seanhannity should be fired because he s like a  pig in the mud  who s too cl…
today we honor the veterans who have served our country with dedication and honor  thank you for your brave service…
rt  senblumenthal  michael cohen delivers  after russian oligarch apparently funneled  500k to him  he presented proposal for lifting russi…
nj taxpayers know the truth - the g o p tax scam lowers property values and raises taxes on many middle class families…
rt  madisonsiriusxm  congressman  benniegthompson said it s about time we honor mississippi s civil rights history  but there is still a wa…
there are no do-overs with the census  an inaccurate 2020census will be costly and it will impact us for a decade …
  onetoughnerd administration played a crucial role in this man-made disaster – congress needs the full story
i stand in solidarity with these folks  from west virginia to oklahoma to arizona — teachers are standing up for th…
rt  pathadvocacy    deptofdefense s thomas mccaffery says that in many areas of the world the defense sector is uniquely positioned to be t…
patient care should be based on what is best for the patient  not a healthcare provider s personal beliefs  i joine…
join me at my  daca  summit and immigration town hall today at 10 00 am w/ special guest  replindasanchez  details…
once again  i voted no on the 5th irresponsible  short-term  cr   read my full statement 
  repdianadegette  a leader in congress on issues important to the health of the american people  joined me…
thanks to the massachusetts police association s 15 000 active and retired member organization for endorsing my can…
the use of military force is not a game  the wellbeing of our men and women in uniform abroad is not a game  there…
rt  repbera  new us poll  75% say congress should prioritize zika funds   housegop  time to end your recklessrecess and work 
 as the trump administration begins to gut federal enforcement of civil rights laws  minority communities that were…
it was an honor to have vice president  joebiden join the  bluecollardems today to discuss how democrats can  and s…
rt  repdonbeyer  across the country americans are standing up for science today  i stand with them  march for science
encouraging hearing from so many students passionate about protecting dreamers in our community  will carry their…
an accurate 2020census is critical to our nation  and the political decision by the trump administration to add an…
each year  our office helps hundreds of hawaii families get assistance with federal agencies like the va  social s…
rt  kendallcoyne  catch me on  windycitylive today at 1pm cst  windy city l i v e
rt  repraulgrijalva  as  realdonaldtrump goes on another twitter tirade over asylum seekers  here s a quick primer he should read  in sh…
rt  repjayapal  my colleagues and i write to the senate  at the cia  gina haspel oversaw torture and participated in evidence destruction …
the montgomery bus boycott showed the action of a few people could serve as a catalyst for a country to act and to change  equal rights 2/
yes  agree  inspiring and unifying in purpose end gun violence march for our lives  adawsonwrites
it s time for the paralympics and 14 of this year s athletes are from colorado- 10 from my district  i am excited…
rt  capac  congratulations  chloekimsnow on bringing home gold for the united states in the women s snowboard halfpipe  olympic winter games…
rt  nancypelosi  one year after the  housegop rammed through trumpcare  we remain thankful to all who helped defeat this monstrous proposa…
over the past year  the president has failed to develop a comprehensive strategy  which is only underscored by his…
 we re creating a trillion dollar a year deficit for as far as the eye can see  that is trump s great wall  the wal…
rt  nancypelosi  given that the president doesn t see a deal between democrats and the white house  we believe the best path forward is to…
now we learn that  100 000 morocco trip that  epascottpruitt took was arranged by a lobbyist who coincidentally sco…
hear the first excerpt from the audiobook edition of big guns from simon & schuster audio 
four years later  the families in flint  michigan still do not have access to clean drinking water  we must make th…
fifty years ago our nation lost a great leader and uncompromising voice for our nation s vulnerable and disenfranch…
hey  oh11   today is small biz sat  where are you planning to shop small 
my full statement on the administration s decision to terminate temporary protected status for hondurans 
i ve been proud to work w/  neajanechu and host her to see federal arts funding at work in maine  i hope the next…
rt  youthincongress  super excited for m o1arts  here s a sneak peek of artists who will be featured in the 2018 congressional art competit…
i m on this week s  tothecontrary discussing the waves of feminism during the past four decades and where the movem…
during womens history month we recognize the incredible contributions of countless women to our nation  nh is lucky…
rt  repcardenas  sinclair was forced into the national spotlight when  deadspin s  bubbaprog made a video splicing up different anchors say…
rt  ya_wny  thank you   repbrianhiggins  for always supporting the arts and specifically arts-rich education and the cultural organizations…
i m getting ready to attend the stateofthe union with mark martinez  president of washington s building and constru…
join a great candidate ann gillespie for state senate 
thanks to  senblumenthal &  chrisvanhollen for introducing the senate companion to my social security 2100 act  soc…
i thought republicans were opposed to deficits  your tax scam bill proves you are just lying tax and spend republica…
this week  interior secretary zinke announced that he is moving forward with leasing the arctic refuge for oil and…
i m hosting a cybersecurity awareness event at the south county nursing and rehab center this morning from 10 30 t…
polluting pruitt promotes himself as  a leading advocate against the  epa s activist agenda  on linkedin but just t…
happy 70th birthday and independence day to israel  as they commemorate this milestone of freedom  here s to our co…
today is the 50th anniversary of the events leading to 1968 memphis sanitation worker s strike – a historic day for…
climatechange isn t partisan  it s a reality  but it s not too late  on earth day2018 i call on both democrats and…
don t forget to vote for your favorite piece in rep  tulsi gabbard s kaha kiʻi congressional artcompetition now thr…
rt  foe_us   mr  pruitt  i think it s time that you resign   —  bettymccollum04 👏 fire pruitt
just introduced the s a f e r act to make it illegal to knowingly transfer or return a firearm to a person whose state…
i sent a letter to  thejusticedept urging them to reject sinclair s attempts to merge with tribune media  no media…
take back day makes it easy to safely dispose of unused prescription drugs  i dropped off some today at a…
this april  i am celebrating fair housing month and the fair housing act s 50th anniversary  we must ensure all ame…
a flash flood warning is in effect on the central coast in all of san luis obispo and santa barbara counties  and i…
victory for the las vegas  goldenknights  what a win to start the stanley cup playoffs  only in district1
feliz diadela lengua española  as world s 2nd most spoken language it deserves a celebration   un spanish language day
rt  nbcnews  breaking  british pm may   the government has concluded that it is highly likely that russia was responsible  for nerve agent…
mark your calendars  next town hall is set for january 22nd  hope to see you there  details below 
  repfredupton & i wrote for the  freep about how prioritizing alternatives to addictive painkillers can help fight…
al acabar con  tps  para los hondureños  la admón  de trump amenaza con desarraigar familias que han hecho vidas por…
rt  sheilakuehl  the rain is coming 🌧️🌧️🌧️ make sure you have a  go-bag  with the following in case you need to evacuate quickly  🆔 ident…
a federal judge ruled that trump s decision to throw d r e a mers into legal jeopardy was  arbitrary and capricious  …
rt  jerrybrowngov  👋 thanks for the shout-out   realdonaldtrump  but bridges are still better than walls  and california remains the 6th la…
for hadiya pendleton and too many others - never again
republicans should use their complete control of power and govern  if they want our help  they have to work with us…
 eventsforgood forthcoming - but in short - it is shortsighted  given we were accomplishing our goals with 5 other allies 
look who visited  ny13  inwood washington heights today  davidortiz big papi  i look forward to his visit to capito…
presidents of both parties have repeatedly violated the constitution and the law by going to war without congressio…
trump has once again shared his core feelings by choosing to defend racists and those who support nazism rather than the american people 
there s no question that gun violence is a public health epidemic & demands immediate action  doctors don t wait fo…
shoutout to  nycspeakercojo for your leadership  passing your legislation to have all city agencies conduct semi-an…
in 2018  let s all be a part of the solution  let us all commit to creating a more equal  inclusive society that em…
i m so excited about the  gobrightline launch in miami on 5/19  please remember to listen when near crossings  trai…
the bipartisan women s caucus is determined to help change this toxic workplace culture - so every worker  from wai…
the house chaplain led congress in prayer for a tax bill that showed compassion for the poor  in response  speaker…
rt  delaware_gov  the panel discussion with  johncarneyde is about to start     check it out live  in wilm net d e delaware this is delawa…
got to throw out the first pitch at challenger little league in wilton today  kids and adults hugely inspiring  ra…
1️⃣50% of tax cuts flow to top 1% 2️⃣ 1 730 increase in premiums for texas 3️⃣1 036 000 more texans become uninsure…
proud to join a huge and inspiring crowd of nyc high school students  nycsaysenough event in washington sq park cal…
rt  benweisman  check out why i voted for  capuano4senate and please vote masen
i m proud to announce that our hometown team from oak ridge high school won the award for innovation in the real wo…

governor scott s proposal is thoughtful and includes many needed reforms  but without an assault weapons ban  it sti…
the evidence of trump profiting off of his office is overwhelming  and every day  housegop looks the other way …
ty to all the members that came out in a bipartisan celebration of laredo week  it was a perfect way to end a week…
i enjoyed it  too -- thank you for having me 
rt  debtcrisisorg  it doesn t have to be this way  that is why our supporters are fighting to end the  1 5 trillion studentdebtcrisis  ret…
in 81 years  social security has never missed a payment - it has paid every dollar of earned benefits  soc sec81
i strongly support domestic and global efforts to combat antisemitism  last year  i successfully fought efforts to…
the danielson veterans coffeehouse hit an impressive milestone yesterday  celebrating 3 years since the group bega…
from  sacbee_news  tax cuts will be anything but for about 1m ca taxpayers who will owe uncle sam more money a year…
rt  replahood  it was a pleasure to welcome back home to peoria my friend &colleague  congressmanraja for a bipartisan forum at  bradleyu …
rt  vapajeannine  ty to  reprokhanna for speaking to the power of the arts and creativity in silicon valley  ca17  congratulations to meliss…
the champs are back  never settle
every year more students and teachers  sons and daughters  and brothers and sisters are killed in school shootings…
got the chance to meet up with a bunch of kids from bedford today in washington  they asked good questions about ho…
moms know what it means to put others before themselves  that s what they do every day  and that s what this race…
one in 10 americans has a rare disease  including thousands of hoosiers like jordan  today   rarediseaseday …
rt  repcummings  our children are the living messages we send to a future we will never see  the question is how will we send them into tha…
i hope you enjoyed our 3rd annual veterans university  ty for tuning in & to those who made veterans university pos…
rt  jimlangevin  i will be hosting a townhall meeting on april 23  from 6 p m  to 8 p m  at the scituate senior center  i hope you can joi…
i m grateful for the work of nurses who are caring for patients & saving lives in  md05  and across the country  as…
but i thought more guns make us more safe  maybe the gun companies who run and fund the  nra don t care about sa…
one year ago  trump established so-called  voter fraud  commission  this insidious stunt to rouse his followers & s…
community health centers are vital to 25 million americans  it s time for us to reauthorize funding for community h…
a happy pesach and a blessed good friday to all in  wa01  that observe 
rev  billy graham s sermons reached into american homes and touched the very soul of this country  may his message…
as a proud graduate of central michigan university  my heart is broken to hear the loss of life from gun violence o…
four men sat down at greensboro  north carolina lunch counter 58 years ago today to demand justice  as we begin cel…
c b o score finds that under  ahca  older wisconsinites could see their insurance premiums go up by over  10 000 
rt  cheddar  massachusetts   repmcgovern says he hopes president trump will listen to french president macron s advice on maintaining the i…
nj pays some of the highest taxes in the nation  but gets back only 66 cents for every dollar sent to dc  it s outr…
great meeting with some of the california representatives from  nteunews  our nation s civil servants perform criti…
rt  govmurphy  on minimum wage workers  equal pay day  so many of our neighbors still struggle to make ends meet  let s recommit ourselves…
congratulations to the honorees at the 33rd annual martin luther king jr  award breakfast  this annual event recogn…
rt  whiphoyer  former  uscbo director douglas holtz-eakin has said before that tax cuts don t pay for themselves  at this morning s  waysan…
rt  billpascrell  about  1 6 trillion of the g o p tax scam law will go right into the pockets of the big corporations and top 1 percent  can…
we must protect our children  our families  and our communities from the scourge of gun violence  we can start by l…
rt  housebluedogs  today  we announced the blue dog policy task forces for the 115th congress  read the full statement here 
if you are in d c  tomorrow  join me at a presser hosted by delta sigma theta  dstinc1913 at 10 a m  i will be supp…
  speakerryan s attacks on medicare  medicaid & social security are  unfortunately  alive & well in the radical  ba…
i watched video of the local starbucks incident  it s both angering and sad  racism still exists in our society  al…
rt  politico  rep  paul tonko   i m concerned that you have no idea what is going on in your name at your agency  especially on an issue al…
rt  unitedwedream   can you imagine being fearful of open the door  we must stop the deportation machine and pass the dream act  dreamers …
everyone getting ready for the super bowl  who are you rooting for  super bowl
it s time to launch my annual  holiday cards for our troops  program  if you would like to participate  please foll…
join me for a forum on gun violence this saturday in everett  the forum will feature student speakers  snoco  sher…
 instead of doing what is right  republicans would rather play politics with a federal program that millions of children rely on  
rt  scicmtedems  read  ranking member  replipinski opening statement for hearing on sexual harassment in science
nra = no republican action — even in the wake of massacre after massacre of schoolchildren in this country  all the…
wishing everyone a blessed and joyous easter from my family to yours 
these students share a deep moral conviction that the next generation shouldn t have to live with this kind of fear…
nothing could be more important than ensuring that all workers receive equal pay for equal work  it s time for…
this morning i urged my colleagues to work together for bipartisan  modernized international trade agreements that…
4 years ago  president obama took a desperately-needed & commonsense action to protect millions of young d r e a mers  daca 
rt  nhl  the western conference has its champion and it s the  predsnhl  stanley cup
joined colleagues in urging the senate intelligence committee to reject gina haspel s nomination for cia director …
tonight  when president trump looks into the gallery during his state of the union  he will see the dedication  cou…
i just voted against the g o pbudget that hikes taxes on hard-working families & cuts medicaid & medicare to give th…
 icymi   reps  tulsi gabbard   repcolleenhanabusa address destruction in kauai  east honolulu communities on house…
the  irs  is experiencing technical difficulties today w/ direct tax return payments  tax day is stressful enough al…
as a cosponsor of the paycheck fairness act  i will continue to fight for equalpay for equal work on behalf of all…
rt  sarahimages  congresswoman judy chu speaks during  arms around our kids  demonstration at blair middle school in pasadena to call for s…
what if  instead  we took serious action to keep the most dangerous weapons out of the wrong hands  children at sch…
this is outrageous   realdonaldtrump budget director mulvaney admits to bankers he only took meetings in congress…
the recent massacre in nashville demonstrates the urgent need for the s a f e r act  which would make sure that state g…
our country has been denied a vote on any gun violence prevention measures  congress remains complicit in gun viole…
yesterday  i took to the house floor to congratulate new orleans mayor-elect  latoyafornola  as new orleans approac…
do you have signed petitions that you haven t submitted yet  don t let your hard work go to waste  email   
rt  thekingcenter  50 years gone by   we remember  we rise  we resist injustice  apathy  inhumanity  and we choose nonviolence  as a postur…
the house republican bill  h r  1628  does not rescue health care  it is an attack on the poor  the sick  the elderly  and the disabled 
my mother and i had a precious bond  i d have been traumatized if anyone separated us  as trump is now doing to mom…
it was a pleasure attending the 2018 c h l i gala last night  congratulations to  thechli int l leadership award recipi…
these challenges could not be more pressing in the face of an administration that cares little for the rule of law…
welcome home vietnam war veterans day  we salute and thank each and every one of you for your service and sacrifice to our great nation   vvmf
congress passed a bill that would hide  gmo  labeling in foods  my thoughts are in this week s newsletter 
i remain deeply concerned that congress has yet to provide protections for the millions of dreamers who are living…
rt  giffordscourage  an example  last week   repryancostello&  repkathleenrice introduced a bill to help states add dv records to nics  htt…
but seriously  get smart  this is wasteful  possibly used for improper purposes  & violated the anti-deficiency act…
i spoke with univision about the importance of passing legislation in congress to prevent the deportation of our mi…
thank you to the panel of witnesses for their thoughts and ideas on how we can ensure our schools are safe places for learning 
paid sick leave is a victory for nj workers and nj families  congress should follow  govmurphy s lead 
americans deserve to know why polluting pruitt violated federal law by spending taxpayer dollars to hide official p…
love is love is love is love  mate  🌈❤️ australia says yes marriage equality love wins
after exploding annual deficits with the g o p tax scam  it s galling that  housegop is now preaching about fiscal res…
happy international womens day  today we celebrate women & their accomplishments around the world  while also coming…
rt  mayorharrykim  county  state and federal agencies are preparing for possible eruption amid continuous earthquakes along the east rift…
rt  tcdp  icymi txlege  full video & recap of atx l t w  replloyddoggett  wendydavis  vincentharding  mannygarciatx available 
tune into axios360 this morning as we kick off infrastructure week  i ll be 1 on 1 with  mikeallen at 8 40am discu…
yesterday  i sent a letter to  secretarycarson seeking immediate clarification on recent allegations that  hudgov i…
thanks  cbs46  atlpluggedin for having me &  atlantavamc dr  norberto fas on to highlight my health fair  sat  8/19…
apologies to my colleagues from illinois  pennsylvania and michigan  but frannie just loves watching toto in the wi…
we have done nothing to combat the future threat of russian meddling -- the nunes memo is a step in the opposite di…
rt  teamusa  incredible  team u s a wins 36 medals  including 13  gold  at the winter paralympics  🎊
rt  joseph_marks_  new bill would require cybersecurity training for all house members  from  repkathleenrice
visiting our nation s capital is an exciting and educational experience for all  my office is happy to help constit…
along w/ countless women breathing a sigh of relief across america  i applaud  scotus  for decisively protecting a woman s right to choose 
rt  catherinelhamon  thank you to  lgbteqcaucus   repjaredpolis  and  roslehtinen for hosting this important conversation on l g b t equality…
thanks to  cdagw for inviting me to talk about how the gun safety debate is changing & the work we can do together…
ray is so deserving of this great honor  being acknowledged for his legislative and personal skills through the nam…
excited to announce that long island now has a new full-time counselor serving student veterans at ncc & sccc throu…
when women make history  america moves forward  congratulations  repmarcykaptur on becoming the longest-serving wom…
rt  repdankildee  four years later  flint families are still recovering from the water crisis and having to use filters & bottled water  in…
a happy vaisakhi to all in  wa01  who celebrate 
congrats on a successful launch 
video  thank you
census2020 is worth fighting for  everyone counts save the census
each day 433 people die of lungcancer  stand with me and be the change by joining  lablifebreath & lung cancer adv…
the president s decision to walk away from iran deal makes it easier for iran to get a bomb & undermines american c…
just last year   realdonaldtrump blocked a rule that would have helped us keep guns out of the hands of those suffe…
i am pleased to introduce a private bill on behalf of carmela hernandez and her 4 kids  who have been living in san…
they re also working on updating the part of the trail that runs through ansonia  but a number of towns in ct-5  in…
today s exec action is a small step in the right direction  but more must be done to protect va whistle-blowers 
facebook ceo  mark zuckerberg  will be testifying before the house  energycommerce committee this morning at 10 am…
it s national public safety telecommunications week  a time to celebrate the brave dispatchers & first responders w…
a big congratulations to ct-2 s congressional app challenge winners from suffield  their winning app  feel good  of…
rt  aarphawaii  mahalo  repmarktakai for cosponsoring r a i s e act  hr3099  to support family caregivers
  realdonaldtrump s announcement to withdraw the u s  from the iran deal shows his technical ignorance of the scien…
i am proud of all the students who are engaged in my district and around the country to push for a better and safer…
during music in our schools month we recognize the contributions made by music education programs to our nation s s…
rt  repbarragan  cuts to  hud  and increases in rent lead to more of our neighbors becoming displaced and homeless  i will continue to fight…
glad to meet with representatives from  norpacofficial  we agree on the importance of a strong relationship between…
the house will begin debate on the farm bill today with a final vote expected friday  i spoke on the floor moments…
proud to have the endorsement of  lcvoters
thank you to our veterans - today and everyday  it was an honor to be with so many of you during the veterans parade
my amendment  directing sec def to brief  hasc  on potential ways in which the  deptofdefense can appropriately inte…
an especially revealing moment during my line of questioning to mark zuckerberg  clearly  there is no incentive for…
 as i prepare to leave government  i am struck by a recurring thought  it should not be this hard to serve your cou…
thanks   frankpallone  i agree 100%  we can t have a deepwater disaster off our shore  protect our coast
rt  sallyqyates  the fbi is in  tatters   no  the only thing in tatters is the president s respect for the rule of law  the dedicated men…
trump s muslim ban offends our values and mocks our heritage  the supreme court should rule that religious liberty …
today  i asked  epascottpruitt if he runs the epa  it was a harder question than i expected 
 tacoma_chamber great to be with all of you today  thanks for doing business in our neck of the woods and helping m…
yesterday i sat down with our washington  d c  spring interns to discuss their work in our office and their aspirat…
the news of talks with north korea is clearly preferable to military options  and i support efforts to find a long-…
i know that today is a difficult day for a lot of us  democracy is messy and loud and it can sometimes be painful democracy
rt  stevelemongello   the moment i found out  tears just started streaming down my face   said desmond meade of orlando  a former addict wh…
i m joining  bloombergtv in a few moments to discuss syria 
after working with blm and coos county for many years  i m pleased to announce bastendorff beach will be transition…
during holocaust remembrance day  let us honor the innocent victims of the holocaust  teach future generations about…
had a nice chit chat w/  diamond and silk  -- i m just astounded  housegop  housejudiciary committee would stoop to…
rt  thehill  maxine waters tears into kelly   he has no credibility 
during small business week   sbagov is hosting a free virtual conference with 12 webinars with tips and advice on ru…
rt  houseagdems  as budget chairman in 2012  paul ryan proposed more than  177 billion in cuts to farm and food programs  including  29 3 b…
trump s decision to renege on the iran deal brings us closer to war  tearing up the agreement won t reduce the de…
the earned income tax credit has proven its worth in the united states by rewarding working americans  encouraging…
every juror in america is told   if you find that any witness has lied as to any material fact  you may disregard…
no  mr  president  the special counsel s indictment states no conclusion on issue of collusion or electoral impact…
your calls have been heard and the senate dems plan to take action on saving net neutrality  the internet doesn t b…
since his first day in office  realdonaldtrump has worked to sabotage the aca by repealing the individual mandate …
rt  deanobeidallah  im joined tonight live from washington dc by  repandrecarson  d-in  to talk how the republicans have dangerously politi…
on saturday  i became the first to file at the democratic party headquarters 
one of my key responsibilities is to listen to the people of our san joaquin valley & discuss the issues affecting…
great to see a couple of former members of the newport news city council  donald patton and mary sherwood holt at t…
rt  nychra  today is the last day to apply for heating assistance  winter and early spring were really cold  make sure your heating bills a…
today s news is a victory but much work remains in our efforts to restore critical basic services such as hospitals…
rt  rockthevote   20% of students currently said they are not registered to vote  because they dont know how   -  congressmanraja  voting…
this is exactly what happens when wealthy donors  corporations and big banks call the shots in washington  we get b…
noise pollution is an enormous threat to the health & well-being of local residents  as co-chair or the quiet skies…
last week  senator  corybooker and i introduced the help students vote act to help eliminate the challenges to voti…
the coogs are in the big dance for the first time since 2010  good luck to coach sampson and  uhcougarmbk in tonigh…
rt  jasonleopold  new from  zhirji28 & me via  foia  new documents show that epa chief scott pruitt did not face serious security threats…
your government should be working for you  not big lobbyists  we should all be able to agree that public officials…
 i do think we need to get tough on stopping offshore drilling  
1/2 - this clip is striking - by the admission of air force chief of staff in 2016  25  now 27  years of endless wa…
the bipartisan women s entrepreneurship & economic empowerment act  which i introduced today with  houseforeign cha…
 repveasey  the chibok girls must be reunited with their families   bbog  4 years too long
after the thomas fire & 1/9 debris flow in montecito  many local small business owners relied on federal disaster r…
rt  capac  we are deeply saddened to hear that  senatorakaka of hawaii  who was a founding member of  capac   passed away last night at the…
may the 4th be with you  besides being a legendary contribution to contemporary culture  star wars has greatly cont…
yes    notre dame go irish  ncaa 
the firing of james comey was a disgraceful abuse of power and recent plans  orchestrated by the rnc and supported…
grateful to meet with members of  aarptx — really thoughtful discussion about doing right by our seniors  thanks so…
rt  femaregion9   fema director of continuity communications antwane johnson testifies before the senate commerce  science and transportati…
joining  nicolledwallace on  msnbc at 4 15 today 
rt  cclstpaul  heartened by the good republicans and democrats of the climate solutions caucus like  usrepricknolan here in minnesota who a…
we cannot turn our backs on our neighbors  i ve co-sponsored a bill that would provide tps holders like flor & jose…
update  tune in in about 30 minutes to watch  defend c f p b
nj members of  ababankers sat down to discuss pressing issues for our local banking industry 
in case you were wondering how seriously the president is taking the security review of the nunes memo   potus said…
don t forget  voting ends tomorrow  my office received dozens of beautiful art pieces from local high school studen…
parkland is feeling a pain that too many communities across our nation have felt before  let s close the gap betwee…
weeping cherry tree planted by  mayormccormac and council in advance of arbor day next week 
students from easthampton high school were in dc earlier this week representing massachusetts in the we the people…
net neutrality has a huge impact on california s entrepreneurs  small businesses  and economy  the free and open in…
rt  optus  happy mother s day to all the mummies  from optus and our friends  natgeoau  we love you  allthefeels mothersday nationalgeog…
rt  vacapitolpolice  u s  rep  a  donald mceachin stopped by the capitol on monday to present  vacapitolpolice an entry into the congressio…
must-read from  paulwaldman1  gop must be held accountable for devastating trumpcare vote 
over a decade and a half ago as norfolk county district attorney  i started an opioid task force  and what i learne…
rt  repveasey  investing in and prioritizing our workforce is the key to a better deal  american workers should know that dems in congress w…
timesup  that is why i am urging the business community to lean in and support bipartisan efforts to end workplace…
who is coming tomorrow  lilitfest bigguns gunlobby
every day  our men and women in law enforcement answer the call to serve and protect our communities  this…
check out the scenic urban & waterfront landscape along  wnylc s proposed dl&w trail
  housejuddems introduced special counsel integrity act in house  but it will take regular americans willing to sta…
i m voting against the omnibus because i m against the continued deportation of hard-working immigrants and familie…
there are around 47 600 businesses in  pbc   imagine what they would be able to do with the surge of investment crea…
rt  michaelleepope    gerryconnolly  va11  on scooter libby pardon   this is a perversion of the pardon power and an instrument for obstruct…
rt  housedemwomen  from undermining women s health to jeopardizing pay equality  a yearof trump shows us this administration will stop at no…
our men and women in uniform are in danger because of your careless diplomacy  invest in our  statedept 
fact  4 000 000 americans have lost their health insurance because of  gop and  realdonaldtrump  protect our care
rt  jim_gardner  voter registration deadline in penna is october 11th  election2016
the two-year extension of secure rural schools will strengthen public education in rural areas of our state and give…
rt  thehill  just in  dem lawmaker says he ll force house vote on impeachment wednesday
rt  hispaniccaucus    speakerryan  each day congress fails to act  dreamers  futures hang in the balance  we can fix this by having a deb…
just received confirmation that no cbp officers will be transferred from  mco to the sw border during the apr-june…
enjoying delicious food and great entertainment at the celebrando  hispanicfest  always great to see my good friend…
rt  rosadelauro  the ideas democrats are pushing for aren t controversial  we should be helping our veterans  we should be fighting the opi…
rt  nyc311  today  tue  9/13 is the ny primary election  find your poll site w/the 311 app 
proud to join the  natlparkservice and  goparks in celebrating national park week  join me in honoring these treasu…
rt  housedemocrats  the trump administration has spent the past year sabotaging the a c a—now americans could see their health insurance pre…
rt  reprobinkelly  too many communities have seen terrible tragedies  watch  housedemocrats take a stand to end gun violence at 9 am et http…
thank you  it was a pleasure meeting you 
the  master negotiator  asked congress for a bipartisan deal  which was delivered to him last week  he rejected it …
thank you to all the students who came today to learn about the united states service academies and how they can at…
happy birthday  shirley chisholm 
i m live on the house floor now talking about  housedemocrats  a better deal for infrastructure  let s rebuild our c…
yesterday i honored our fresno county students who entered the congressional art competition at  fresnoarts  our…
rt  npscoalition  did you know inmates who maintain contact with their families are less likely to re-offend after release  learn more at t…
we need to elect members of congress who will work with  barackobama to create jobs  not  tonystrickland & his tea party allies   ca26 
had a productive discussion tonight at the north mayfair improvement assn s monthly meeting  updated  il05  resident…
proud of my friend  repjoekennedy who reminds us that the values that unite us as americans are far more powerful t…
on the two year anniversary of the paris agreement  it s more important than ever to continue fighting climate chan…
today  i announced my intention to introduce a bill to make lynching a federal crime  this bill is in part symbolic…
rt  repsusandavis   otd  100 yrs ago jeannette rankin was 1st woman elected to congress  today there are 104 women  or 19%  let s get to 50%…
a mind to work   brain-implanted device restores sense of touch in man with spinal cord injury via  livescience
the consumer financial protection bureau instituted a simple rule that said car lenders can t charge more based on…
higher education should be about helping students realize their dreams  not helping wall street maximize its profit…
is anyone surprised that potus boasted to russian diplomats about his dismissal of comey to relieve pressure  careless & dangerous 

for the record  this is not my campaign slogan 
rt  deanobeidallah  my  fordhamlawnyc law school classmate  reptomsuozzi  d-ny  is on my  sxmprogress show live from his offices on capito…
  su_wbb has already made history  time to make some more  let s go redhawks  together we soar
how can president  realdonaldtrump and his cronies  cc   mickmulvaneyomb   bcfpdirector  justify eliminating the on…
best news of the day for dc students and parents  we have maintained full  40 million for  dctag  in the omnibus  d…
rt  jacksondiehl    joshrogin got hold of the negotiating document china presented to the trump administration on trade  trump granted one…
cyber warfare is one of the most serious threats to our national security  which is why i m proud to introduce this…
it is critical that congress pass the dream act now and protect these families  i visited with dreamers from new mex…
i m proud to join my fellow  cte  caucus co-chair  congressmangt in introducing a bill to modernize  nationalffa s c…
enjoyed meeting with the chief diversity officers at leading silicon valley tech companies this week  together we c…
gop has spent the past year on a crusade to dismantle medicaid and roll back the health care protections those batt…
 leia  spcaoftexas she is great  definitely an example for our  tx33  community 
as  epascottpruitt s scandals pile up and support for his dirtyenergy agenda wanes  pruitt s top aides are fleeing…
reagan-era tax reform was very different  this trump bill is not an echo of that reform but a craven christmas pres…
i am pleased to announce that annie sun  a senior at newbury park high school  has won the 2018 congressional art c…
pleased to speak with chris nolte on lakeshore public radio s regionally speaking earlier this month to discuss the…
today s grand jury indictment against 13 russian nationals over interference with the 2016 elections in the united…
rt  nancypelosi  the us & france have enshrined the values of freedom & respect for human rights for over 200 years  in his address today …
rt  repcohen  father conroy should not have been asked to resign  he has been an outstanding chaplain and is a friend and guide for all  ht…
congratulations to those receiving the pulitzer prize this year for their works in journalism  drama  music  and li…
how many diet cokes did trump consume while he gulped and waited for the defeat of his pedophile candidate   swishswish
in life-threatening situations seconds matter  and this enhanced information will be a game changer for first respo…
my thoughts and prayers are with the roberts family and all those who knew ralph  he lived an incredible life and gave so much to our city 
speakers paid tribute to the young people who are today following in dr  king s footsteps  marching and organizing…
rt  nlga  two former nlga chairs win offices  congratulations de governor-elect  johncarneyde & md u s  rep-elect anthony  brownformd 
should admiral jackson & trump admin  move forward w/ nomination process  they should expect  & our nation s vetera…
hey mainers  allan monga of  deeringhs is representing us at  poetryoutloud s region 1 semifinals this morning  let…
rt  housejuddems  🚨 breaking    repjerrynadler statement on  thejusticedept inspector general report on former  fbi deputy director andrew m…
heads up for el pasoans  the el paso passport agency has scheduled passport day for saturday  april 14 from 8am - 1…
more than a year after taking office  it s clear that  realdonaldtrump continues to endorse unconstitutional polici…
we ve seen the spending and reports piling up  we need answers
  epascottpruitt claims to support transparency  but is wasting taxpayer money on first-class flights & unnecessary…
repairing the offutt afb runway was a priority of mine when i went to washington  with bipartisan support we secure…
in a fresh nbc news/wall street journal survey conducted jointly by democratic and republican pollsters  the law wa…
rt  fox5vegas  students walked out of class in the valley to protest gun violence   cherneyamharatv shares their message and why they walke…
my  energycommerce committee is marking up the fda reauthorization act of 2017 this morning  watch along here 
there is wide criticism of the bannon appointment  including from  adl_national &  splcenter  trump must rescind 
net neutrality is crucial for innovation and small business  the  fcc took it away  senate democrats are one step c…
last stop   bergnbk brings together the crown heights community by providing a tastefully designed  tech savvy spac…
as someone who knows firsthand the challenges of flying w/ a disability  i believe it s important that we have a mo…
rt  cityofmonterey  att monterey county high school artists  🎨📸 submit your work for us house of representatives  congressional art compet…
last week  my colleagues  repbrianmast   reploisfrankel  and i attended the official ribbon-cutting ceremony celebr…
i thank  hccdistrict and 1st responders for taking this threat seriously and investigating it thoroughly - i am ple…
 tis the season  here are some helpful tips from the ftc on how to stay protected during this holiday season 
rt  replloyddoggett  amid trump s ongoing baseless attacks on special counsel mueller  we move closer to a crisis that will impact the coun…
dupont s announcement reaffirms that delaware remains a great place for any company to put down roots  grow and cr…
rt  thedemocrats  join transgender rights advocate and  hrc spokesperson  sarahemcbride & dnc deputy chair  keithellison for a convo about…
what s president trump trying to hide 
i ll be on  cnn w/ wolfblitzer at 1 35pmet/12 35pmct to discuss pruitt corruption at the  epa  &the effort to…
each year  the federal government awards a significant percentage of contracting opportunities to small businesses…
71 years ago today  jackie robinson became the first african-american to play in major league baseball  he was a tr…
rt  barackobama  starting today  you can sign up for 2018 health coverage  head on over to and find a plan that mee…
   and we re just getting started  breaking records only in district1  vegas born go knights go
 hr36  is the fifth  housegop vote to attack women s health care so far in the 115th congress   voteno 
but even if iran were to fulfill all its obligations  the sunsets in the jcpoa would still permit iran to resume it…
📬latest from linda — read my latest monthly newsletter on what i ve been doing for our  ca38  community in washingto…
thank you  emilybaucum from  news4sa &  kabbfox29 for shadowing me today for fox new s  day in the life of a member…
you can read my full statement here 
such a privilege to join  repjohnlewis & so many of my colleagues on the m l k pilgrimage to tennessee & alabama to h…
great to meet with  aaaj_aajc today  nevada s  aapi  immigrant families make our community stronger  and i m proud t…
rep  danny k  davis statement on the balanced budget amendment
pleased by  samhsagov decision to award nh  333 000 grant to expand regional access points in cities operating the…
the  pokjournal editorial board is right  making our trains safer has been on the to-do list for far too long and m…
inaccurate data could potentially result in mismanagement of resources  our neediest communities may not receive su…
rogue officers in the police department damage an otherwise strong institution  officers who lie and beat innocent…
rt  organictrade  thank you  repjimmypanetta for championing organic research and fighting to increase the integrity of usda organic globa…
it s not enough to simply remember the individuals impacted by the columbine high school shooting once a year  we ne…
rt  jbendery  as catholic rep  gerry connolly searches for a way to reinstate the house chaplain mysteriously fired by paul ryan  i asked h…
it is unacceptable that republicans are holding up funding for critical government services in order to carry out i…
rt  nancypelosi  the trump administration s decision to end services that help immigrants understand their legal rights in this country is…
happy birthday to my dear friend and colleague  repjohnlewis  you are a true civil rights hero and an inspiration to all  good trouble
what has the black community lost in the first year of the trump administration  a lot  read my op-ed recapping the…
a republican tax bill that includes reckless drilling in the arctic refuge is an unforgivable mistake  we must…
when everyone leaves the last jelly bean for someone else m nnice
the new jersey state building and construction trades council represents more than 100 local unions and 150 000 mem…
rt  nancypelosi  thank you to advocates gathered outside the capitol joining our effort to say no bill no break 
it was a real pleasure to visit with folsom s fire chief  felipe rodriguez  this week  we owe our firefighters a tr…
rt  reptedlieu  democrats have repeatedly called for investigations into the trump admin s culture of corruption  unfortunately  the gop-con…
my food and farm act  invests in farmers markets and other local food programs  and helps beginning and socially disa…
our dc office hosts a weekly open house at 9 00am on wednesday when congress is in session & visiting constituents…
rt  cspanwj  icymi   staceyplaskett  d-vi  on vetting systems in the white house amid rob porter scandal
rt  repjerrynadler  protect mueller protect rule of law
hestec congressional roundtable
now they are facing a man-made threat that would pull public dollars out of public education and close hundreds of…
what s the  mission   you did same strike last yr  it failed  syria still gases its own people  how about  1  go…
rt  repadams  the flint water crisis should be a wake-up call  lead poisoning is a real danger that must be taken seriously  four years aft…
the fights we take on in calfiornia are about protecting our values  the headwinds outside our state are strong  …
live  the joint super committee on pensions is meeting i participated in the multiemploy…
rt  politicsprose   we often forget that at the center of the fight for trans equality are real people   -- sarahemcbride to  repjoekennedy…
my thoughts and prayers are with the victims  families  and the state of florida after today s horrific event 
reliable and robust multi-modal transit options are so important to empowering our citizens economically  thank you…
if you have a casework problem  va  postal  uscis  social security  etc    my office is hosting mobile office hours…
i was inspired by french president  emmanuelmacron s commitment to climate science preserving earth s resources for…
113 years and still going strong  happy birthday las vegas   come experience it for yourself only in district1 
teachers  apply by 3/1 to attend a free  nehgov summer professional development program  there are sites across the…
   the leader of france americans from all political  geographic and socioeconomic backgrounds  continues to dimini…
i wouldn t expect a student government to operate this way  let alone the government of the most powerful nation in…
great news from  senmarkey  i will be joining  usrepmikedoyle in introducing this cra in the house to…
ice needs to be held accountable for miscarriages of justice  we should not become a detention nation  putting the…
last call for the 2018 congressional art competition  entries are due in my huntington district office by 4 00pm on…
has  epascottpruitt ever seen a conflict of interest that he didn t want to take advantage of  boot pruitt
rt  successcharters   ensuring quality education has always been one of my top priorities   - congressman  cbrangel inside success
what an exciting first week of high school voter registration and assemblies  can t wait for next week 
honored to share our family s story of uncle tony rogowski who served in the india theater in ww ii and to celebrat…
congratulations to  senduckworth on the birth of her daughter  maile  she just became the first sitting senator to…
holocaust remembrance day  or yom hashoah  begins tonight  each year  we pause to remember the 6 million jews & all…
a6  as a member of the labor-hhs-education appropriations subcommittee  i fight to support funding for year-round p…
president trump s iran decision signals the us is not a reliable partner that stands by its agreements – why would…
when my ancestors came here  they faced anti-semitism  every wave of immigrants have faced discrimination and gone…
on international womens day  i m honoring my mom  who is the only woman in history to send not one but two daughters…
during national foster care month  we recommit to serving our nation s 437 000 foster youth  together  let s raise…
faced with the same opportunity to help refugees  donald trump would instead have us cower behind walls
rt  energycommerce  trump administration s cruel action on medicaid today endangers the life support systems millions of vulnerable america…
rt  adamplayford  two members of congress file a bill to try to stop zombie campaigns  read our investigation  via…
how many more massacres must our nation endure until we realize that guns are the issue  no-one is asking to abolis…
 my identity is very clear to me now  i am a black woman  i m free  i m me and i m like nobody else   lena horne  w…
disheartened that chuck plunkett has resigned as editorial page editor of the  denverpost  he s always been a real…
less than 2 hours until my santa ana office open house  hope to see you all there 
the nra gave me an  f  for my work to pass gun safety legislation & end gun violence once and for all  i m wearing i…
great to see  billnye at the u s  capitol today  appreciate his work to promote science and protect our planet  we …
 chakafattah   you may have to fight a battle more than once to win it   margaret thatcher
thanks to mayor figley and all the local leaders from marion and polk counties today who joined me to talk about ho…
yesterday  i joined local farmworkers in san luis  az at the cesar chavez memorial to unveil new legislation that w…
when womensucceed  america succeeds  this equal pay day  let s recommit to ending pay disparity once & for all
without net neutrality  big corporations could have an unfair online advantage over small businesses in minnesota t…
equal pay matters for all of us - for our families  communities & economy  if women were paid equally  they would b…
forced family separation is happening in many places  once separated  parents are sent to ice detention centers &…
looking forward to this event later this month  the kennedy exhibitions at  spfldmuseums are spectacular 
standing in solidarity with students all around the country  national walkout day
happy national park week  california has many national parks that are wonderful representations of our diverse state…
rt  housebudgetdems  ranking member  repjohnyarmuth about to join  bpshow to talk trump budget and more  watch live 
proud to partner w/ my colleague/congressional mental health caucus co-chair   repjohnkatko  to reduce…
thanks  tim  as i said this morning  it may be hard to believe but not all lawmakers are technology experts  revivi…
congress at your company visit to  johnsoncontrols – infrastructure technology the world depends on produced right he…
to go forward with this ban is a direct insult to these soldiers who fought to protect the very civil liberties thi…
a white man in america can be convicted of obstructing justice and get a presidential pardon  but if you re black …
adding nearly  2 trillion to the national debt with a massive tax giveaway to corporations and the very wealthiest …
 morebarb69  teamusa apologies for the ommission 
8 years ago today the bp deepwater horizon oil spill took place  killing 17 americans and releasing almost 5 millio…
rt  reptedlieu  democrats have repeatedly called for investigations into the trump admin s culture of corruption  unfortunately  the gop-con…
pains me to hear about tragic shooting of jovan wilson  grandson of my friend  rep  danny davis  g u nviolence must stop 
rt  hascdemocrats    repadamsmith statement on syria strikes
it s great so many pittsburghers have turned out for the womens march2018  
~5k producers in mn enrolled over 3 million acres in the conservation stewardship program  for a  mn01  family cattl…
rt  wjcouncil   nitalowey  nitalowey thank you for being a part of the celebration westchester israelat70
  realdonaldtrump 40 minutes in to  sotu   still waiting to hear any plans for china  north korea  and russia  state of the union
we need to modernize voter registration and ensure that state and local election officials are fully equipped to administer their elections 
access to quality  affordable healthcare is a right  not a privilege  we must do more to bring down costs & increas…
town hall
we must pass rep   nydiavelazquez s american promise act  so individuals who have lived in the u s  under  tps  for…
devastated by the news coming from las vegas as families and the nation have to endure yet another senseless and tragic shooting 
thank you to the  familyjustice s concord center for holding a forum on common issues contra costa residents experi…
congratulations to kerstin wasson  ph d   of the elkhorn slough national estuarine research reserve  today she will…
rt  oversightdems  just in  cummings urges trump to implement his own opioid commission s recommendation to lower naloxone prices
 sullied18 we are all looking for a robust economy but you can easily look at the data 
read my op-ed in  theledger re future of agriculture technology lies in central florida   orlandosentinel…
1/3 our office was incredibly saddened to hear of the passing of our friend and my former colleague  repchriswalsh-…
rt  hispaniccaucus  75% of the us farm labor workforce is hispanic these farmworkers are susceptible to exposure to toxic pesticides reckle…

never again
i couldn t agree more w/ mayor of nashville   clearly the victims of this shooting deserve our prayers and our tho…
rep  cicilline in  wired today  competition is at the heart of facebook s privacy problem
omg  dave matthews in the flesh   thanks for being in alabama  dave matthews band
rt  sutherlandfox  dems grill scott pruitt -  reppaultonko   you have failed as a steward of american taxpayer dollars and a steward of ou…
need help  my staff will be at the folsom library on tuesday from 10am to noon to help you with stalled tax refunds…
rt  reprichardneal  you can t upend the tax system without creating serious problems – & we re already seeing the g o p tax scam creating many…
designating north korea as a state sponsor of terrorism is a critical piece of what must be a comprehensive us stra…
rt  mayorbowser    marcorubio believes in gun control measures — but not for washington  d c  why the hypocrisy  senator  read why this pr…
26 years ago the ada became law  affirming the right of people w/ disabilities to equal protections & access   ada26 
the g o p tax scam is set to wreak havoc for millions of people across the country while further enriching the super w…
exhorto al gob de pr a q estudie de cerca promesa y se asegure de cumplir con las disposiciones q son efectivas desde q entre en vigor
please join me at 11am cst for a live press conference as i respond to leader pelosi s comments regarding impeachme…
rt  vetaffairsdems  trump should spend less time undermining 2020census & focus on questions that matter   uscensusbureau  if we are to se…
and 245 of my colleagues agree  that  despite overwhelming support for a  daca  solution  it is shameful the house h…
pleased to learn the  nysenate health cmte advanced legislation today that would require drug manufacturers to pay…
my thoughts and prayers are with mike donaghy s family and friends  mike was a true public servant who tirelessly g…
thank you   longisland
after months of conversations with nuclear experts  military officials  and constituent groups  i decided to suppor…
rt  housedemocrats  americans demand leadership  that s why we are fighting to disarm hate & close the dangerous no fly no buy loophole 
getting the diversion is important to all residents living along both sides of the red river 
libraries give everyone access to learning  exploration  higher education  training  and windows to other worlds  d…
2018 means we could all use an occasional puppy break  thanks for all you do   aspca    
pleased that bipartisan legislation i introduced with  repmckinley to help address the opioidcrisis was just appro…
couldn t be more proud of seminole for its designation as a purple heart city  honoring our veterans not just with w…
i neither support nor approve declarations of war via twitter  the president should bring questions of war before t…
this is a big deal  pruitt s chief of staff tried to  screen  materials before epa investigators could review them…
ty   rosadelauro   repbarbaralee   repcardenas & 111 colleagues for calling on stronger nutrition prorgams   cnr2016 
 potus needs to establish a policy to protect americans from cyber attacks  instead of inviting putin to the white…
a sentence of 5 years in jail for voting  the criminal justice system should never be used to intimidate people fro…
the house oversight committee is supposed to act as a check on the executive branch  but when it comes to the trump…
two weeks later  same spot  house gop passes another short-term funding bill  no hint by gop on how to be a governing party 
your kind words mean so much  thank you 
rt  bluecollardems  on sunday  blue collar caucus trailblazer  repmarcykaptur will become the longest-serving woman in house history  she i…
  sentoniatkins and i were both inspired by the hard work of our parents to enter public service  i look forward to…
a mind to work   more than half of us adults with mental illness don t get needed care |
as the first schools to offer black students a higher education  hbcus are an integral part of the american story  h b c u week
rt  martinezruckman  thank you  repvisclosky for standing with cities   nlcdc 
rt  fscdems   icymi   rm  repmaxinewaters pressed  repseanduffy on republican proposals to eliminate funding for critical housing and commun…
wishing you and yours a joyous passover  chag sameach 
the rule is designed to let the house work its will and give the american people an open debate on this issue by al…
this is heartbreaking and embarrassing  our servicemembers should be treated better  and people who want to come to…
fyi  don t forget the deadline for filing your 2017 tax returns is april 17  tax day2018
i m deeply saddened by the plane accident that occurred today in georgia  although i know that no words can ease th…
lordy 
arizona democrats thought they had it bad with  govbrewer  but then they got pro  potus border wall leader  repsinema
join me at my annual m v teen summit and job fair on april 23rd  it s great day to learn about financial aid  scholar…
rt  hispaniccaucus  trump has decided to abuse the power of the executive & unilaterally enact cruel &intolerant policies such as pervertin…
the country will only believe one of you  i bet on bob 
for example   usda recently awarded the desert forge foundation a  200 000 grant to help provide training and meanin…
today  repryancostello & i introduced a bipartisan bill to help prevent domestic abusers from buying guns 
 jacksonleetx18 and  senstabenow participating in the largest naacp dinner in the nation   jacksonleetx18 as chair…
tax season is now upon us and today just so happens to be earned income tax credit  eitc  awareness day  💵📆
rt  cleanairmoms  today   senatorcarper   senwhitehouse   repcummings  rep   gerryconnolly  and  repdonbeyer sent a  scathing  letter to  e…
s/o to  afgenational  malc_wi  ssworks  mayorofmke & everyone who joined us yesterday to sound the alarm on the…
located in downtown  abq    espressofinoabq brews up locally roasted coffee  this espresso bar should be on your li…
the 2020 census should not be made to depress minority responses  i joined my  hispaniccaucus colleague…
congress needs skin in the game  bottom line  if changes are made to aca & uninsured rate 🔼  members lose coverage
standing with my  hispaniccaucus colleagues outside the capitol because d r e a mers can t be forgotten …
rt  cbssf  japanese internment survivor  repmikehonda slams trump supporter who said it s  precedent  for muslim registry 
jeff sessions has said good people dont use marijuana but wouldnt say  johnkasich  governorpataki  ricksantorum…
rt  oversightdems  president trump s interference was a blatant effort to deny justice  and director comey was right to document it as it h…
thank you to the amazing group of students from philly s central high school for stopping by and visiting me in our…
it s sadly unsurprising that  secretaryzinke  who has repeatedly said he doesn t care about diversity  has  disprop…
have we already forgotten the lessons of the iraq war  many of same people who wanted that war  which was a disaste…
about to kick off the 5th annual teen summit  m v teen summit
wishing a happy hanukkah to everyone celebrating  may you have a special 8 days  filled with light and love 
under the g o p tax scam  the number of nj middle class households taking the state and local tax deduction is estimat…
if  potus is serious about ending the opioidepidemic  he should support scientific research with sustained funding…
  epascottpruitt is currently under 7 separate independent federal investigations  he s also rejected scientific fa…
rt  repkihuen  thank you so much to my  hispaniccaucus colleagues who joined me at yesterday s know your rights immigration forum in north…
ending the week with the white house in chaos  what else is new  except there s more of it…  & five cabinet members…
congratulations to  conorlambpa on the hard-fought and well-deserved victory last night  another race that proves e…
today i met with senior va leadership to hear the preliminary results of their investigations into alarming allegat…
800 000 dreamers and the american people are counting on congress to do the right thing  congress must pass the dre…
loebsack statement on trump administration plans to lower rfs volumes
at the cesar chavez/dolores huerta multicultural celebration in pittsburg we honored the work of these iconic leade…
this is environmental injustice – and it s why i joined with sen  corybooker to introduce the environmental justice act of 2017 
remember when republicans set out to make the tax code simpler 
phoenix students are tired of waiting for congress to take action to save lives - and so am i  congress needs to t…
bump stocks like the one used in the las vegas shooting should be illegal  joined in introducing a bill to ban them …
i ve been horrified by reports of pregnant immigrant detainees who have suffered miscarriages and gotten inadequate…
rt  hispaniccaucus  ** the white house s fear-mongering is on full display today ** first trump  then kelly  now kirstjen nielsen    and…
to the republican leadership in congress  how long will you sit on the sidelines and watch shooting after shooting…
rt  politicussarah  this is a must see rant from rep  maxine waters where she tears john kelly and rob porter to pieces on all in
i hope you will join me for my newly announced town hall in albany on may 14th  i ll be providing an update on my…
so proud of arcadia s own  mirai_nagasu for her beautiful olympics performance at pyong chang2018  olympics2018
rt  victoria_ireton  shout out to all the marchers who joined  teammoulton for our rail to rally 
proud to have earned an  f  from the nra       again  enough end gun violence march for our lives
audubon urges clean energy innovation via  audubonsociety
welcomed my colleagues  repgarretgraves and  rephuffman to coos bay today  after a roundtable discussion on the nee…
trump continues anti-immigrant  anti-hispanic push by ending  tps  for 57 000 hondurans - real solution is pathway…
 hudgov announced  3 mil from the housing trust fund will go to hi  mahalo  secretarycastro for your work on htf  affordablehousing
first lady barbara bush loved her family and her country  my heart is with the bush family during this time of mour…
rt  briankavanaghny  across the country  immigrants are under attack—and we need to fight back  on wednesday 4/25   nydiavelazquez and  re…
a past mistake should never silence your voice in our democracy — and a 5-year sentence for making the  mistake  of…
 everybody can be great  because everybody can serve  you don t have to have a college degree to serve  you don t h…
powerful  courageous op-ed by  rosannecash  country musicians  stand up to the nra
happy to join cambridge democrats in wards 1-4 at their caucus today
  countyofsb will be holding a press conference today at 4pm to update residents on the status of the current storm…
my top priority in relation to the special counsel investigation is to ensure that he has the independence he needs to pursue the facts 
the trump administration has essentially abandoned the bipartisan commitment to fight hiv/aids  this is truly a sha…
rt  waysmeanscmte  to help taxpayers better understand the republican tax law and to limit tax avoidance  ranking member  reprichardneal is…
joining my colleagues now to rally for net neutrality and urge congress to protect these rules 
day 12 of womens history month and no sign from  speakerryan that he s open to taking real action to protect million…
200 days since merrickgarland s nomination  8 months w/ only 8 justices on  scotus   justice must not be delayed an…
farmers markets are a great way to meet local farmers  learn more about where your food is coming from & of course …
today the paralympics began in pyeong chang  and colorado is well represented with 14 athletes on team u s a -- more…
in alexandria this morning thanking civil servants at the social security administration for their service  as part…
thank you for participating  these incredible students in broward county will continue to lead the way - and i m gr…
but does he believe the women  does he believe rob porter s ex-wives  do women deserve due process  or are only men…
rt  judgeclayj  this is the last weekend to get covered  don t delay  final deadline is 12/15  many local locations to help you with enrol…
rt  repkclark  today of all days  read this story to see – and feel – why we must stop ripping apart immigrant mothers and their children *…
they used to say slavery was a  local matter   they used to say jim crow segregation was a  local matter  
 opioid epidemic in the black community  congressional briefing was held on wednesday  we were joined by the 20th…
your weekly action steps--it s never too early or too late to get involved 
 sactownmagazine  sfhstroubies  visitsacramento thank you greta   we love you ❤️❤️❤️  your future is bright and sac…
today  it is important that we finish the work of these trailblazing women and congressman dyer and rewrite the wrongs of history 
i ve said it before  no mater how many times  potus appeals  americas will never allow a muslim ban 
rt  us_imls  the  lacountrylibrary is home to two veteran resource centers  these centers help veterans and their loved ones learn about…
i signed a bipartisan letter criticizing the uncalled-for ouster of the decent and honorable house chaplain  fr  pa…
2 – maybe he doesn t want to reveal the millions of dollars he s making off the 2018 election 
my colleague from california believes cutting essential air service  eas  would be the  kindest and easiest cut con…
great news for washington state birds  a  1m fws grant will help protect habitat in the north puget lowlands for wa…
rt  calwild  rep  jared huffman wants to save california s redwood country – by logging some of it
 it s on all of us to create a culture where violence isn t tolerated  where survivors are supported  and where all…
wishing all those celebrating a happy passover 
the great snake oil slump
the disproportionate power of moneyed interests to influence public policy & election outcomes is deeply concerning…
rt  uninoticias  📸 | ¿crees que merecemos el planeta que habitamos  estas 25 imágenes te harán reflexionar  dia de la tierra
a note for house a g as they meet today  oh s ag industry employs more than 60 000 workers and contributes more than…
 centeronbudget let s break that down  first  trumpcare guts protections for those w/ pre-existing illnesses and w…
in four years  i passed more legislation through the house of representatives than any other member of congress  12…
education is the single best investment we can make in our future  let s make sure every child- regardless of abili…
while  housegop has passed special interest bills  they have refused to bring up key bills that americans support & would help millions  1/
proud to stand with pastor aguy and cape haitian-americans at canaan bilingual sda church in hyannis this am  discr…
i see the problem here   speakerryan is mistaking the super rich for all americans  middle class americans will be…
i had a great meeting this morning with a few valley small businesses including ronda jackson of  designsby_decor …
forget stormy daniels  everyone who voted for trump knew of his character but they thought he would look out for fa…
rt  montereyherald  rep  jimmy panetta visits gonzales high to look at student project
thanks  slotribune for running my op-ed highlighting the need to protect our central coast for future generations 
the administration s decision to end tps for el salvadorans is cruel and heartless  to the more than 2 500 pennsylv…
in the latest manifestation of this administration s lack of compassion  57 000 hondurans will be forced to return…
rt  newsweek  trump impeachment vote will take place on wednesday  democrat al green vows
i continue to stand in strong support of reinstating title ii netneutrality rules  and i am a proud cosponsor of t…
rt  chmnmendelson  i want to thank  eleanornorton for remaining steadfast in the fight to protect the district from congressional riders an…
that was the last note from lili jahn to her children  she was murdered less than a month later in auschwitz 
 potus decision to renege on iran deal makes it easier for iran to build nuclear bombs  undermines american credibi…
latina women earn 54 cents for every dollar a white man makes  meaning they work nearly a year longer to earn the s…
 billyeichner angry  yes  but protecting equal rights and access for students is worth the frustration 
today is the fifth anniversary of the violence against women reauthorization act  we must continue to confront and…
  realdonaldtrump s pardon of scooter libby makes clear his contempt for the american tradition of the rule of law 
i m touring the vehicle research institute at  wwu which gives students world class training in vehicle design & fu…
wishing i could be home in california tonight  but i m excited to cheer for this team all the way from washington …
rt  afsahq   lorettasanchez  d-ca  addresses ala public policy forum as hasc/talf ranking member but also as the member of a military fam…
rt  oversightdems  just in  dems press for subpoena for documents revealing who improperly classified handwritten notes of top doj official…
for the first time  our office is hosting the people s choice awards during the congressional art competition  foll…
today  on yom ha shoah  jews in israel and around the world pause to remember the 6 million jewish lives lost in the…
pumped to cheer on the best team out there —  dodgers on opening day  lets go dodgers  ⚾️
rt  palanteharlem   cbrangel thank you so much sir  truly appreciate all that you have done for us  you will always be our congressman 
jared making deals in the white house  trump signing tax cuts for real estate developers  the first family is not d…
equalpay is not just a women s issue  but a financial issue as well  it impacts our families  businesses  & econom…
rt  brendanfromma  it s not a moment  it s a movement rail to rally march for our lives
this afternoon  i met with  armassembly_am to emphasize my support for the recognition of the armenian genocide  i…
here s my record — and i m damn proud of it  lifetime nra rating  f donations from nra   0
really enjoyed meeting  just_shelter  thank you for shining a light on many important issues 
my best wishes to everyone in michigan and across the country observing the holy month of ramadan beginning tonight…
the mass deportation of 325k  tps  recipients would cost taxpayers more than  3 billion & upend thousands of communities  we must save t p s 
i strongly condemn the violent attacks against protestors in nicaragua and stand with the people fighting to break…
rt  oversightdems  national security news  all national security subcommittee dems ask mattis to reverse trump administration decision to c…
rt  meritalkslg    meritalkslg is spotlighting state & local  it  exemplars  incl   jb_mccaffrey   benniegthompson  &  repratcliffe  learn m…
rt  snapshoted  congressman dan lipiniski speaking with our oak lawn community high school students after being invited by senior  adem os…
rt  housenewdems  today new dems were scheduled to meet w/ ambassador lighthizer to discuss nafta negotiations and the lack of congressiona…
my friend  repwilson deserves an apology  next time the wh tries to spread lies about her  they might want to see i…
rt  cohhio    disabilityrtsoh knows the lack of affordablehousing is a barrier to independent living  increasing rental assistance in the…
enjoyed speaking this morning at the annual conference of the national restaurant association about how it is possi…
flashback friday 8 yrs ago today when barack obama was elected president  oh what a night  future of america is in…
video  i was just on  cnnmoney about why i m calling on  speakerryan to allow a vote on my bipartisan bill that wou…
icymi  check out my  northbaynews piece w  david goodman of redwood empire food bank  refb on why we need strong di…
today is international womens day  take the time to celebrate the countless contributions of remarkable women in our…
as passover begins this evening  chag sameach to all arizonans celebrating 
today marks the 8th anniversary of the aca  legislation that has benefitted americans of all ages and all walks of…
increíble reunión sobre el ir antes de mostrar la campaña lanzada por el stamford cradle a la carrera  las mujeres…
the g o p tax scam hurts seniors and families by eliminating the medical expense deduction that millions of americans…
did you know  women must work 3 extra months just to earn the same pay as men  equal pay day
i applaud pakistan for passing a landmark bill to protect their transgender citizens  fundamental rights  this vict…
   these are real stories  these are the people who  apparently  should be grateful to get  1 50  while republica…
open enrollment starts in just 1 week  now is the time to get covered & pick a plan that works for you & your family
utilities must continue to test the water near their toxic coalash dumps to make sure hazardous chemicals don t le…
morning press conference on the need to rebuild america s infrastructure and how we can find a bipartisan path forw…
  amazon s employees asked the board of directors to implement a rooney rule to help diversify their board  which h…
the teen birth rate in the us dropped to a record low in 2016  so why is the trump administration shifting resource…
may is national military appreciation month & we stand firm and united in our appreciation for the heroes who fight—a…
we may not be able to join today s march  but the la county board of supervisors is commemorating armenian genocide…
  housegop billionaires first plan repeals the credit for testing drugs for rare diseases
you can apply for renewal even if your last application was rejected specifically due to not meeting the october 5 …
proud to join my colleagues  repjerrynadler   keithellison   repcicilline   replindasanchez  and  repmarkpocan to r…
day 19 of womens history month - this is the last week of the month that congress is in session and no movement from…
i had five minutes to question  epascottpruitt today about what felt like an endless list of reports of his miscond…
rep  richard h  cain served an at-large district in  sc  from 1873 to 1874 and the 2nd district from 1877 to 1878 …
happy national small business week  sbs form the backbone of new hampshire s economy  representing nearly 96% of al…
a weapon of war should never be in the hands of a civilian  luckily  james shaw jr  was courageous enough to stare…
national social security month is celebrated in april  it is dedicated to educating you about social security program…
why would we spend  18 billion on a border wall we don t need  defies every fact we know to be true  would hurt our…
it comes as no surprise that sec  carson is removing key anti-discrimination language from hud s mission statement…
  epascottpruitt made u s  taxpayers pay  100 000 so he could make a trip to morocco to help a lobbyist market him…
rt  maricarmenmsm  love listening to  repmikehonda talk about his  peacecorps days   peace corps proud  npca   pcorpsconnect
it is awful to see this happen to our canadian brothers and sisters  i am praying for the victims and their familie…
get help with federal agencies at mobile office hours today thursday  march 29th  1 00-2 30pm  at mesa veterans reso…
we also met with students interested in  stem  about the barriers they face and the innovation they dream to create …
lowey to chao  your budget fails to reflect what should be  usdot s priorities
in response to concerns by members of congress  https //t co/v8lmkmduo9  & immigration lawyers  the ag has backtrac…
great to see this progress for constructing a u s  customs and border protection facility at the  garychiairport  i…
 there are a number of promises republicans made as they passed the biggest overhaul of the tax code in over 30 yea…
rt  vetaffairsdems  if you or someone you know is a veteran in crisis  you can call 1-800-273-8255 & press 1  chat online at
rt  raestuaries   repbonamici    the u s  needs to be leaders in conserving our oceans and coasts   saveourblueplanet the more you n o a a  e… 
tomorrow at the capitol i m hosting a press conference with  mayorbowser and our dc home rule coalition to go on th…
  realdonaldtrump handed our gov t over to the same ceos & lobbyists that it s supposed to regulate  flood the swamp
we will talk about how us agencies are addressing these challenges and achieving results through results-oriented g…
we can only hope this is a good sign for zimbabwe  some of the key players left are undoubtedly questionable 
rt  repdwightevans  during the campaign trail  candidate trump asked an african-american crowd in philadelphia   what the hell do you have…
on 2/27  members of congress  staff and stakeholders came together during black history month2018 to honor the impac…
late at night  on a weekend  few people will notice that our government has shut down  but our nation s enemies wil…
rt  ronaldklain  great to see  gerryconnolly &  repbera calling on wh to reverse its moves unwinding the epidemic prep/response unit at nsc…
rt  mclyburnfcc  enjoyed my visit with the  hispaniccaucus and am thankful for their support over the years  always ready to discuss neede…
today  i was proud to reintroduce legislation to fund the office of technology assessment so that congress can lead…
the top 5% of earners in our state receive 72% of the state s tax breaks while hardworking  middle class new yorker…
we are live now join our telephone town hall  dial in at 877-299-6003 or participate with our live stream at…

i joined  repdonbeyer and  repcicilline in urging  potus to fire  epascottpruitt for unethical behavior  wasteful u…
the us previously punished china s telecom giant zte for violating sanctions against iran and north korea  and our…
without republicans offering even a basic debate on critical policies  i couldn t vote for this resolution 
congratulations to imagen spa & beauty salon on their grand opening today  small businesses like this one are the b…
president s foolish decision to walk away from iran deal makes it easier for iran to get a bomb & undermines americ…
rt  repjayapal   housejuddems lots of  i don t recall  from ag sessions in response to  repjerrynadler s questions about the trump campaign…
rt  delaware_gov  check out ways you can celebrate earth day this weekend  thisisdelaware 302 delaware netde h…
 it s deeply unnerving that this administration continually lines the pockets of the rich by stealing from the poor…
as investigation into chelsea explosion is ongoing  let s support & thank our brave first responders & wish speedy recovery to the injured 
my heart is breaking tonight for those hurt and killed in the shooting today at huffman high school  as we continue…
the opioid epidemic is causing a devasting ripple effect across our communities and we need real solutions to suppo…
difficult to put into words how proud i am to fight alongside our medically underserved and uninsured for community…
paid leave means being able to take time away to take care of yourself and your family s health without fear of bein…
rt  niagarauniv   it s rare when you can walk into history and touch eternity in the same steps  and that s really what we celebrate today …
really enjoyed meeting this  md02  constituent from owings mills earlier this week  sara johnson joined a group of h…
the american people shouldn t have to choose between providing health care for kids and shielding dreamers from de…
this morning in joliet  i hosted community leaders from  il11  to discuss the latest in the fight against the…
rt  bluecollardems  the american middle class built this country  nobody knows that better than vice president  joebiden  today  we were pr…
born in italy  raised in  nyc   loved by the world  what s your favorite pizza  happy world pizza makers day
stories like this are all too common  the pharmaceuticals market is broken  i introduced legislation to allow ameri…
thank you to linda lawson for your years of public service and ability to bring people together and improve the liv…
rt  fastlerner  so we knew scott pruitt helped ar poultry giants stop the river cleanup when he was ok ag  now we know his epa has helped t…
rt  avon_14   we can test knowledge  and we can assess learning   amazing  edreform ed reform revived conference so far today 
timeline of trump s hollow promises on gun violence  -17 innocent children killed in 30th mass shooting of 2018 -tr…
though tragic  we are thankful for heroes like tammie jo shults and her  nerves of steel   for preventing the…
we re only 4 weeks away from my small business expo  make sure you register to learn about programs that can help gr…
it was great to visit the  mercedcounty rescue mission   lifemcrmchange  this week and to see everything they are d…
need a whole of government approach to address border sewage  with the navy planning a new navy seal training cente…
rt  taps4america  taps grateful to  repjimmcdermott  for his leadership in saving the lives of our returning troops  -  bonnie_at_taps
wishing  flotus a speedy recovery 
cleaning up is never done  using a magnet to pick up leftover nails   mbm   lonsmithroofing
rt  dberrygannett     repspeier said she s disappointed her gop colleagues haven t spoken out against trump s praise of ousted rob porter …
 my mother has been forced to discuss with me my fear of safety while at school in light of the mass murder of chil…
rep  cicilline demands  enough is enough  at march for our lives in providence
father conroy s abrupt & unjust dismissal is hard to understand & impossible to support  in all his years of servic…
the temperature inside a car can reach 125 degrees in a matter of minutes  today marks national heatstroke preventi…
this year s housing expo has a huge success  thank you again to everyone who participated and all who helped make i…
my heart is with the victims and their families at the f i u bridge this afternoon 
spoke today with  safdelivers about the ways that congress can support the u s  flower industry  as a co-chair if t…
rep  cicilline pledges to support legislation to provide federal resources and assistance to rivers in the wood-paw…
proud of the 24 blair blazers selected to represent maryland at the  ymca s conference on national affairs  which b…
congrats to  utsa for the  388k grant for infectious diseases vaccine research 
on world autism awareness day   lets light it up blue – shining a light on our friends  family members  and neighbors l…
  epascottpruitt s decision to roll back clean car standards & undermine ca s ability to set its own standards does…
rt  demsespanol  los republicanos promovieron su desastroso plan fiscal como una ley que beneficiaria a la clase media  la realidad es que…
as one of primary authors of agoa  i m proud to speak on house floor shortly to support agoa enhancement bill  watch on  cspan
tired of gerrymandering  so am i 
today i met with representatives from the texas municipal police association  tmpa  to discuss several relevant pie…
my team appreciated joining folks in austin for  thriving communities  making workforce work   a conference hosted…
rt  saaltweets   be loud  be clear  as we stand between the supreme court and the capitol  let us make sure that our voices are heard   tha…
rt  repadams  casting your ballot and making your voice heard  that s what empowers voters  that s what makes a stronger america 
very proud of all the  ct01  small businesses that earned 2018 sba awards  sba_connecticut  congratulations…
i join my fellow americans in grieving the tragic loss of the men and women in las vegas  my thoughts go to their families & loved ones 
congratulations to annawan high school and winnebago high school for an amazing season  and taking 2nd place in the…
50 years ago today  tragedy struck when a bullet took the life of dr  martin luther king jr  his legacy of fighting…
this saturday is d e a take back day  across the tenth district  take back day events provide an opportunity to dispos…
for all of you wondering whether i m cheering for  unc   ncstate  or  dukeu in the tournament  the answer is  yes …
this morning  i joined  agschneiderman & ny colleagues to stand against this administration s move to suppress…
the g o p farm bill slashes hundreds of millions of dollars from job-creating rural development initiatives and loan g…
how can you target the sick  the elderly  and the disabled 
i had the opportunity to talk with young d r e a mers and hear some of their stories  they re future emts  cosmetologi…
rt  reploisfrankel  i joined  housejuddems &  housedemwomen vice chair  replawrence in sending a letter to trump s lawyers & associates ask…
the people of western new york and southern ontario are more than just neighbors  we vacation with you  dine with y…
a2  in my district  more than 10 000 are employed in clean energy industries and  149m has been invested  the  cpp… 
rt  repgaramendi  turns out people don t want to have their social security and medicare cut to pay for a tax scam that delivers 83% of its…
and he has lost the trust of the american people  flagrantly violating ethics rules and misusing tax payer funds  i…
rt  jim_brunner  inbox  a bipartisan budget boast  temp budget deal includes  200m for communities with fisheries disasters  via  pattymurr…
rt  cbsmiami    dwstweets just introduced a new gun safety measure meant to prevent another school shooting tragedy  she said   this is the…
i released the following statement after reports that the farm bill would cut millions of dollars from the suppleme…
our constituent service representatives will be throughout the district this week during neighborhood office hours …
congratulations angelina kimmins from pocono mountain west high school for being named 2018 congressional art compe…
rt  delaware_dhss   johncarneyde tells maternal and child health summit that the goal is simple  that every child in delaware is born healt…
rt  environmentva   we need to keep fighting to make sure children can have the same sort of experience as i did   thank you  repmceachin f…
excellent job at  poetryoutloud  allan  mepolitics
talking across the aisle and working hard to solve the shutdown 
my job readiness training session is thursday from 5 30-7 00p at the thornton township high school s technical buil…
gracias a mis esfuerzos para evitar su cierre  el centro de inglés de la guardia nacional de pr en el ft  allen continuará operando 
a very happy vaisakhi to all sikh americans 
  rephastingsfl  i stand with  repwilson in the fight to bring back our girls 
rt  cnnnewsroom  rep  john garamendi says trump s reversal on chinese company zte  makes no sense at all   adding that there s serious reas…
  uihfamily is helping men  fathers  and families in new jersey grow to achieve self-sufficiency  it was my pleasur…
cuts to  snap  as proposed by the gop will hurt the most vulnerable members of society  our children  taking food aw…
join fellow chicago progressives to support our downstate progressive champion mike halpin  mike worked for my   
on this day  50 years ago  our country lost its drum major  he was a drum major for justice  he was a drum major fo…
thx to all the speakers at my stop food waste day briefing this morning  great points from flpc hls   feedingamerica…
l shanah tovah to all celebrating rosh hashanah today  may you find time to reflect and renew for the year ahead 
today  the national memorial for peace and justice opens in alabama  800 steel blocks  each 6ft tall and suspended…
the strength of our country - an informed  engaged people exercising our democratic rights and values - on clear d…
the entire country better hope this does not lead to the firing of deputy attorney general rod rosenstein  which is…
rt  lacyclaymo1  great progress at the future home of the  nga_geoint in north st  louis  site preparation is ahead of schedule  3600 feder…
dream still lives
congratulations to  deeringhs s allan monga who will represent maine at  poetryoutloud next week  we re rooting for…
rt  rosadelauro  four years later  flint families are still using filters and bottled water  completely unacceptable  dont forget flint
great to meet with  ksbanews representatives visiting the  uscapitol today during their annual legislative conferen…
with the stroke of a pen  trump ignored top diplomats  heads of state of our closest allies  leading experts  and f…
as court battles over title i x continue  i stand with lgbt students as they go back to school this week  equality will and must prevail 
the law covers atomic veterans who were at the 1944-1958 atomic testing & at japan s two bomb sites  but not those at enewetak atoll 
samantha ayala  a dr maya angelou high school senior  won honorable mention in the lucille roybal-allard student art c…
rt  repyvetteclarke  reminder  you revoked president obama s required gun checks for those with mental illnesses 
after pouring sugar in the gas tank of the economy  republicans are claiming the car they wrecked can only be repai…
rt  stopthedebttrap    repmaloney  in five months  how many enforcement actions has the consumer bureau initiated since you ve been there …
may is clean air month  a time to recognize the importance of the clean air act in controlling air pollution  it is…
i worked across the aisle with my friend  hurdonthehill to write the u s aact because protecting dreamers is a bipar…
if dr  martin luther king jr  was preaching today  he would be speaking the idea that we are one people  one family…
it doesn t matter whether it is one tunnel or two  the waterfix tunnels project is misguided and a waste of taxpaye…
my response to dispel the myth about our leased cars 
rt  lapublichealth  every week  one baby dies in los angeles county while sleeping  place babies on their backs to sleep safely and do not…
rt  craigcaplan   cspan  repdinatitus   repkihuen  d-nv  on yucca bill   i m here to send a message that we are going to continue fighting…
congrats  indygobus julia m  carson transit center for receiving three awards at the 40th monumental awards 
rt  emvyhnanek  thank you  repdelbene for visiting the  unitedwaykc  vita  site in kirkland  so honored to have you see the power of the fre…
the governor is right 
on this vietnamese refugee remembrance day  we commemorate those who gave the ultimate sacrifice in defense of free…
jerry heroically served our country as a us army sergeant in vietnam  he continued that selfless service as a fearl…
rt  mandt_bank  once complete  the  jrchcbuffalony community health center at 1021 broadway  buffalo will be another step toward a strong …
the numbers are clear  the affordable care act provided health insurance for tens of millions of americans  trump s…
as korean war vet  i m extremely concerned about north korea s nuclear test  i hope for peace & stability on korean peninsula 
next week  i m speaking at the  pgpfoundation s 2018 fiscal summit  i m looking forward to sharing ways congress ca…
today  the  officialcbc unveiled its jobs & justice act  an omnibus that would increase the upward social mobility…
rt  housenewdems  the new democrat coalition s 21st century infrastructure task force  co-chaired by reps   repjohndelaney   repesty   stac…
souls2 enroll souls to enroll get covered a c aworks open enrollment
rt  sxmprogress  speaker paul ryan will not seek reelection and  repmarkpocan of wisconsin is speaking w/  msignorile now all about the bi…
we must protect the integrity of these investigations and come together in a bipartisan way to prevent hostile fore…
 sensherrodbrown thank you senator 
thanks for stopping by  look forward to working with you on federal issues that address gun violence 
lauren smiarowski—an oviedo resident & grad student at  rollinscollege—was one of 60 students from across the us s…
exhibit a   e p a  officials sidelined after questioning scott pruitt 
today is equal pay day  which marks the additional days a woman has to work until she makes the same amount a man ma…
exclusive  nra gathers documents amid scrutiny over ties to kremlin-linked banker
rt  housedemocrats  fifty years after the loss of his mentor and friend  dr  martin luther king  jr    repjohnlewis reminds us that real pr…
today  potus signed the kennedy-king establishment act into law  this bill officially recognizes martin luther king…
trump admin nomination of adm  harry harris as ambsssdr to rok would be good move  highly qualified as pacom cmdr  voracious reader 
 therealbuzz  buzzs_xtina my buddy  i did that trip two years ago and i m still recovering  take it easy  save some for our journey to mars 
mobile office hours in hollister today  10am-1pm congressional staff will be available to assist with social secu…
rt  senjohnmccain  an american president does not lead the free world by congratulating dictators on winning sham elections  and by doing s…
excited to announce a  329 969 grant for northeast ohio from  neighborworks  the funding will support developing an…
rt  davidhogg111  i hope some of you had a great weekend golfing i had a great time marching with the american people 
the comments were embarrassing  offensive  and totally beneath the dignity of any american official  let alone the…
june 12  1987    mr  gorbachev - tear down this wall   with all the infrastructure needs around the country   …
it s my twitterversary  i have been on twitter for 7 years  since 7 sep 2010   and you 
thank you   repmikecoffman 
history has already begun to 
rt  pcorpsconnect   repmikehonda speaks about the value of service to individual americans and communities abroad peace corps pride
we cannot allow a few powerful companies control what you see and do on the internet 
house republicans say the g o p farm bill doesn t kick a single person off  snap   that s not true  265 000 kids will l…
proud to be among the bipartisan members supporting the queenofthe hill rule  seeking a debate and solution for…
happy thanksgiving weekend 
mahalo  commissioner  for appearing in honolulu and helping us understand what must be done to update and improve o…
rt  repcheri   houseagnews hey  houseagnews and  housegop we fixed this for you  harm bill not a farm bill
rt  redcarpetshelle  interview  u s  virgin islands congresswoman  staceyplaskett discusses hurricane irma…
congratulations to my friend and fellow new yorker  repjerrynadler on becoming the new ranking democrat of…
women in u s  work too hard to earn only 80 cents on the   compared to men  it s not for lack of talent or work eth…
 there are many  and i am one of them  who believes that that actually will harm the pool in the exchange market be…
veterans deserve a va secretary with the experience & expertise to deliver reforms necessary to improve care & serv…
alton sterling was shot 3 times with one cop kneeling on his chest and the other on his thigh after they had tased…
weekly round-up in d c  [feb 12 – feb 16] this week i attended the ninth annual avoice…
we re looking for talented  md02  high school and college students for our summer 2018 intern class in both our timo…
rt  dailybreezenews  detectives search for person of interest in rolling hills estates mall stabbing that killed woman
rt  reptipton  with national small business week rapidly approaching  i was glad to co-host a reception with my co-chair of the small biz c…
rt  eagles    repmikecapuano from massachusetts made a little  sblii  wager with  repbrady  and now it s time to pay up  fly eagles fly
rt  keshinil  enjoyed meeting w/  repohalleran staffer re justice4 d c d c statehood
rt  housebudgetdems  live now   uscbo hearing w/ director keith hall  watch live 
happy national ag day  did you know that 1 in 7 georgians works in agriculture  forestry or related fields  in 2012 …
instead of handing billions of dollars to the top 0 2%   housegop should cut taxes for hard-working families 
 catmcewen  rbgmovie inspirational  you will love it 🇺🇸
tonight  i am again calling for the swift passage of gun safety legislation so no community knows this pain again …
another dangerous&disgraceful attack on special counsel mueller  trump continues to disparage mueller to undermine…
update  the current farm bill would slash crop insurance by  12 billion compared with the last version of the bill …
i always enjoy speaking to and with the ys men of westport  especially when i get to catch up with ted diamond  no…
last night my bill to combat the illicit importation of opioids passed the  energycommerce subcommittee on health …
1 in 5 new  hiv  diagnoses in the us occur in youth between 13 and 24  yet they remain the least likely group to be…
my heart is with the residents and visitors of kauai who are experiencing severe flooding and mudslides from heavy…
rt  oneinamerica    onecampaign staff and interns showing up and showing out for the b u i l d act today at the  hfac  hearing 
i visited  ibew local 26 today and saw firsthand where apprentices receive their training and master their craft  t…
wishing all those who celebrate a peaceful and happy ramadan 
this is what happens when you try to jam a massive tax overhaul through congress at the last minute  mistakes  clea…
enjoyed speaking to  nardotrealtor to commemorate the 50th anniversary of the fair housing act and to share the imp…
  cecilerichards  your commitment to women s reproductive freedom & access to health care services has improved the…
i congratulate governor holcomb and the indiana ports commission for successfully securing these federal funds 
for national teachers weeks  i cosponsored a resolution with my colleagues calling for adequate resources  fair pay …
no matter if you re celebrating easter  passover  or just the end of restful weekend  i wish you and your family a…
kaiser family foundation   gop  voted for medicaid & chip cuts that jeopardize treatment for 3 in 10 americans w/opi…
2/2 -- i am honored to say that california s 17th district is home to only one of two california schools for the de…
this is just terrible  too many families in the hv have had to face this disease alone  we need to invest in lyme r…
happy mothers day from the titus girls at the parthenon
 when it comes to protecting american companies and workers  at least in beer  our government does make bad deals  
join me for the house small business committee hearing march 12 at 10am at the  jaxchamber  as we examine the chall…
john lewis speaks live at brown chapel ame church
thanks for working on what americans need - universal single payer health care  college for all  raising the minimu…
rep  tulsi gabbard strongly supports net neutrality & legislation that would prohibit multi-tiered pricing agreemen…
we re about to start  tune in 
glad to see  nycmayor s commitment to getting new yorkers to participate in 2020 census by announcing  4 3 million…
rt  suntimes  editorial   repdannydavis has long pushed for universal health care  a  living wage  and services for ex-offenders  let s hop…
now that  speakerryan isn t shackled by the extreme factions of his party  will he act on his promise to protect dr…
praying for all my colleagues and others involved in this tragic accident 
i had a great time with financial literacy students at infinity institute this morning  they re taking part in the…
rt  repdonaldpayne  rt if you agree  clean drinking water should be a basic human right  dont forget flint
dreamers in nm and elsewhere deserve peace of mind  i urge my republican colleagues to bring the dream act to the f…
here is a trump insider making a gigantic decision with tens of millions of dollars and we are just supposed to bel…
joining  wolfblitzer on  cnn at 1pm to discuss  housegop refusal to hold  realdonaldtrump accountable for attacks o…
grateful to the local business leaders and members of  nawboorlando who joined my roundtable on the challenges faci…
every day of inaction leads to 122 more  daca  recipients losing their status  congress must pass the dream act now …
the trump administration s plan to slash  ppfa s title x funding would threaten the health of low-income women and…
check out these small business hacks  small business week
rt  vta  the scene  bartsv berryessa bart station   secretaryfoxx  repmikehonda to see  fta_dot  900m investment firsthand 
rt  windermerecup  introducing the 2018 windermere cup commemorative poster  join us on saturday  may 5 as the husky women take on the dutc…
every voice matters and congress only works when we listen to the people we represent  wonderful to visit holden s…
wishing everyone a safe and happy 4thof july 
no  we have not  and mostly  we haven t forgotten that you threw the lives of 800 000 dreamers into chaos 
rt  thebuffalonews  post offices holding passport events throughout may
rt  atscommunity  ats thanks  repgenegreen and  repeliotengel for introducing the comprehensive  tb  elimination act
unless the government is given the power to negotiate with big pharma and provides consumers with the ability to re…
rt  whiphoyer  democrats are standing up  speaking out & taking action  we will not stop fighting for all americans 
only 3 days left to sign up for health insurance  new york s health insurance open enrollment ends on january 31st …
with less than 250 days until the 2018 elections  it s alarmingly clear that combatting foreign interference is not…
such a pleasure to catch up with you as well  mclyburnfcc   sxsw  y d cin s x s w
there was no doubt  epascottpruitt was unqualified for the job when he was nominated  now  he s currently under at…
rt  spporg  our 2017 government affairs conference kicked off this morning with remarks from representatives from ar  oh  and ia 
today  i led a letter to ag jeff sessions objecting to the justice department s decision to terminate two programs…
rt  capaction    replindasanchez  the best thing we can do to support the economy is to raise the minimum wage   hands off 3/
thanks for your great work for the american people   sensanders  ricknolanmn  repbarragan  tulsigabbard  repjayapal…
nor has  housegop brought a robust  long-term infrastructure bill that creates millions of jobs & addresses our infrastructure crisis  /3
thanks to  fl_wildcorridor  carltonward  joeguthrie8 &  mdimmitt for your journey to highlight i-4 wildlife passes…
devin nunes has made it clear that he cannot remain non-partisan in his role as house intel chairman  i m calling o…
the president claimed he issued the transgender military ban  after consultation with my generals and military expe…
join me tonight at 6 30 pm for a telephone townhall for a chance to ask me your questions  i will be live  taking…
polls close at 8 pm - go team mike 
let us remember the millions of jews who perished in the holocaust & commit to the fight against hate and anti-sem…
wishing all my sikh american friends and neighbors in nevada and all across the world a joyful and blessed…
it s been 33 days since parkland shooting &  gop leadership has yet to act on gun control  only 6 days after great…
new jersey continues to confront the growing threat of homegrown  lone wolf  isis-inspired terrorism  we must remai…
i joined my congressional colleagues from tennessee &the congressional black caucus  officialcbc in a moment of si…
a mind to work  
rt  transportdems  ranking member  reppeterdefazio s statement on today s train derailment in washington state 
rt  waysmeanscmte    reprichardneal   republicans rushed the tax bill through congress with little opportunity for public comment or close…
thanks to  aslavitt and the other participants for sharing your insights and expertise 
today as we remember the six million jews whom we lost during the holocaust  let us also remember the remaining sur…
this national retirement planning week  get ahead by learning more about financing your retirement here 
thanks to all who came out to the rally against humantrafficking  i m proud to have passed a bill to empower schoo…
rt  repgwenmoore  when i was a  mke  public school student  i went without breakfast every day because my mom couldn t afford to buy enough…
today on world aids day  we somberly remember the over 35 000 000 lives worldwide tragically lost - our brothers an…
our constituent service representatives will be throughout the district this week during neighborhood office hours …
rt  repteddeutch  senator rubio can t say one thing and do another  he can t support raising minimum age for buying rifles while sponsoring…
  awea  bgalliance  the_uwua all know that our shared clean energy goals need well trained workers  my new bill str…
rt  repmceachin    realdonaldtrump s attempt to eviscerate bears ears will break the promise to tribes – and to the american people – that …
it is imperative that special counsel mueller be free to continue his independent investigation without political interference  3/
my full statement – along with tech accountability caucus co-chairs  repbonnie   repyvetteclarke &  repcleaver – on…
the second district is home to a vibrant and growing latino community  had a great meeting with my latino advisory…
join us for my farmers roundtable at the tallahassee community college center for workforce development 3 24 18  h…
scott pruitt has shown time and time again that he puts special interests and polluters over families  our health …
ramble on 
an accurate 2020census is critical to our nation  and the political decision by the trump administration to add an…
more sketchy behavior from pruitt s epa
larry doby is the pride of paterson and eastside high  we will keep up our bipartisan efforts to get the recogniti…
i proudly joined  repcicilline and more than 150 of my colleagues to call for a federal assault weapons ban  enough…
it was wonderful meeting with members of the national association of counties to discuss policy priorities and expe…
let s find good efficiencies  & stop trying to balance our books on the backs or our workforce perdiem  ndaa17 
millions of young adults are saddled with billions of dollars in student debt 
enjoyed spending the day with my wonderful mother and amazing wife– two women who personify selflessness and compas…
what a pleasure to welcome  conorlambpa to congress this week  i look forward to working with you 
providers  beliefs should not stand in the way of a woman s access to health care  women should be able to seek med…
rt  hslegfund  ty  reproybalallard for being such an amazing advocate for animals -- we re so grateful for your leadership 🐶🐱🐾  humane awar…
sat down with  kimdarroch  british ambassador to the us  to discuss u s -u k  relations
every small business starts with a good idea  with a better deal  we can make sure more small businesses have the to…
frannie is no longer an only child  sorry sistah  this is liʻi  so cute 
when the government shuts down  nobody wins and a lot of people get hurt  my statement on today s vote …
rt  repswalwell  i hope everyone watches this for a better sense of the grief felt by families of fallen soldiers  they loved our best  god…
higher education needs to be practical and accessible for students  the debt free college act will ensure that peopl…
pleased to meet with reform-minded members of the guatemalan congress this morning to discuss the continued relatio…
happy to be back home in honolulu 
congratulations to  uclagymnastics on their incredible win 
i posted a new video to facebook
at a time when our communities – including constituents in the fighting  va04  – strive to protect their future  our…
wishing you a happy holiday from my family to yours 
rt  cbssports  for loyola  the dream has become reality 
this month  the trump administration began a terrible blanket policy of separating undocumented kids and parents at…
womens history month is a time to celebrate the women leading in towns across north jersey  the fifth district busin…
today  i spoke with  thenphm and shared some stories from my childhood and my public housing experience  it was a g…
my thoughts and prayers - and those of my entire staff - are with the students  faculty  and families - the entire community - of marysville
rt  housejuddems  the time to take action to strengthen our gun laws is overdue   repgoodlatte   housejuddems are ready to work with you to…
breana sena from mcnair academic high school is representing new jersey in the national finals of the…
rt  alalibrary  ala is in the house for our national library week  on the hill with  dcpl featuring makerspaces  thanks to  repbenraylujan…
rt  sencortezmasto   sesta  act  which i m a co-sponsor of  would give state law enforcement officials the power to take action against indi…
our country s gun violence epidemic is having a devastating impact on our communities  what steps do you think we s…
team dutch s michael represented   the balt  co  biz assoc annual bull roast this weekend  he s pictured here with…
pay teachers what they deserve  teacher appreciation week
hard-working americans who planned their whole lives for a financially secure retirement should not have those assu…
a fair salary can mean the difference between poverty and economic security for a family  equal pay
join me for a tax teach-in this friday  feb  2 at clara auditorium in sacramento  we ll discuss what the…
national nurses week is a time to honor and celebrate all of the hardworking nurses here in minnesota and across th…
rt  teampelosi  retweet if you agree  we must **end** the uncertainty right now  right away  and do all we can to protect d r e a mers  they ar…
the u s aact is a bipartisan compromise with over 50 cosponsors that pairs border security measures with a legislati…
this morning i gave my final floor speech as a member of the house of representatives 
trump s assault on our servicemen and women is cowardly and disgusting  his trans military ban is bad for the milit…
today  housescience passed my proposal to bring together employers  universities  labor  and community-based organi…
the mare island naval cemetery is the oldest on the entire west coast and the final resting place for over 800 of o…
i am sorry to hear about my friend & colleague  dorismatsui s car accident  i m glad to know she is doing well & wish her a speedy recovery
i m headed to the house floor to speak out against yucca mountain  nevada will not be a dumping ground for the rest…
4  what is   of times  housegop has voted in support of displaying the confederate battle flag in the past year  a better way   speakerryan 
rt  nancypelosi  for generations  asian pacific americans have defended our nation & shared their culture  while overcoming persecution  we…
thank you  we fight this fight not for recognition but to save lives  thank you for being part of this movement to…
protecting florida s interests since 2009 genuine original grayson
if anyone needed reminding of why privatizing social security and turning it over to wall street is a terrible idea…
rt  replloyddoggett  since 2006  the average cost for a year of medication for someone with a chronic disease has more than doubled to over…
gun violence is the 2nd leading cause of death for america s young people  still   speakerryan and  housegop refuse…
today  i opened our fsc oversight hearing with the issues that should have our focus  the concerns of consumer advo…
rt  nfcc   natljumpstart s latest federal leadership award winner  repbeatty supports financial literacy 
another important legal victory for our environmental protections  the epa has been ordered to implement rules for…
remembering ellen graves this evening and recognizing those members of the reston community who have gone above and…
rt  capaction    repjayapal discussed the hypocrisy of cutting the snap program while giving a tax cut to the 1% just last year  hands off s…
working to fight rising water and sewer rates in kansas city  kansas city
on wednesday  facebook s mark zuckerberg will testify before my committee   housecommerce  on how his company compr…
third judge rules against trump move to end daca - politico
the az supreme court s decision to block dreamers from in-state tuition is a terrible blow to az students who want…
this is the face of a new u s  citizen  so glad my office could help quickly expedite dr  castano s swearing in due…
neonatal abstinence syndrome  nas  is heartbreaking  we need better treatment for babies & we need to help moms see…
fattah leadership on brain science society for brain mapping - 12th annual world congress  on vimeo
today  students across the country are showing incredible bravery  national walkout day
had a great conversation this morning with bob bosold at waxx in eau claire  we talked about the upcoming farm bill…
 stop donald trump and his politics of fear   - i support this message from the brave group of migrants at the u s …
in california  nearly half of all snap participants are in working families that are struggling to put food on the table protect s n a p
rt  repcheri  working w/  daveloebsack to grow our local economy & strengthen the rock island arsenal for years to come tagthe q c
i sat down with john hook on  fox10phoenix this weekend to give an update on my work in washington   az01  watch onl…
vilifying all immigrants is factually wrong  and causes fear which undermines the census and many other government…
i m proud to represent tens of thousands of federal workers in  md02   and i m proud of the work you do on behalf of…
i ve been sending weekly newsletters  if you haven t signed up  add your name here   ne02 
l shanah tovah to all those celebrating rosh hashanah beginning at sundown tonight  may the new year bring joy  opp…
what makes us human is our ability to love & have compassion for others  giving tuesday
breaking  republicans in the house of representatives voted to pass a tax bill that will raise taxes on many middle…
during today s labor-hhs hearing on workforce training  i emphasized the value and importance of skills-based educa…
he marched for us  goodtrouble
we are forever indebted to the spouses of the brave men and women who have given their lives in service to our coun…
congressional art show winner telan hawk  and his mom  dropped off his wood-burned pallet entitled  bob  to the bou…
open enrollment starts today  visit covered ca or call 800-300-1506 to find a health care plan that works for you 
4 yrs since tragic massacre & hate violence at sikh place of worship in wi  remember oak creek & support diversity & inclusion & tolerance 
rt  officialcbc  well  we ve turned that policy document into a comprehensive 1 300-page bill called the jobs and justice act of 2018  if…
the house gop proposal to revise the higher education act eliminates accountability for for-profit colleges that de…
i proudly cosponsored the net neutrality cra earlier this year 
i commend  statedept for the creation of a special envoy to make  lgbt  rights a foreign policy priority
thank you  repbarbaralee for your support of the m o m m aact and mothers everywhere  let s get this bill passed so al…
rt  repeliotengel  medicaid and the protections guaranteed by the  aca  have helped americans grappling with substance use disorders get th…
today  we remember the life of martin luther king  jr  and recommit ourselves to his legacy of a more just and equa…
congratulations to don angelo piasecki  an  az09  service academy nominee accepted to  af_academy 
ben carson s proposal to triple the rent for federally subsidized housing would put close to 1 million children at…
trump pardons  scooter  libby in cia leak case  libby leak
this is getting more chilling by the day 
please follow developments closely for any mandatory evacuations or announcements from local law enforcement 
rt  senblumenthal  i m introducing the ammunition background check act w/  dwstweets  this commonsense measure will enforce federal law by…
black women knit their communities together  but too often  stigma stands in the way of black women seeking emotion…
  reprichardneal is at the forefront of the fight against the g o p tax scam & he s calling out the raw deal republica…
new   umdpublicpolicy study  81% support a constitutional amendment for congress & states to get money out of politi…
rt  waysmeanscmte  president trump s  hhsgov budget request is an assault on americans  healthcare  it takes coverage away from middle-clas…
a mind to work   engineers bring automation to neuroscience
today  i joined over 60 members of congress in urging president trump to remove scott pruitt as the epa administrat…
beautiful day for the 7th annual sound shore st patricks day parade  good speaking with westchester talk radio ther…
according to the institute on taxation & economic policy  the top 1% of americans will get  84 billion in 2019 than…
on this day  we honor our service members who made the ultimate sacrifice for our country and salute their families…
arizona businesses know best about the challenges they face and what they need to create jobs  we re working with b…
california s public lands should not be on the auction block to the highest bidder  we re prepared  as always  to…
last week  we celebrated nationalsmallbusinessweek  this week  the house will consider several bills to support an…
just yesterday  serenity place  the recovery center for the manchester safe stations program where trump adviser…
the  120/month in added social security benefits may decide the diff between comfort & hunger  health & sickness  and housing & homelessness
living in a rural or island community has its challenges  lack of broadband shouldn t be one of them  so glad this…
thanks to my friends  npachisia and  patrick_mckenna for writing this op-ed with me  the comeback cities tour is ju…
  realdonaldtrump & his republicans are mortgaging the future of medicare  medicaid  & social security to give mass…
rt  latimes  100 000 california teenagers are now pre-registered to vote
if 1 in 10 homes in the us installed  epawatersense labeled faucets in their bathrooms  it would reduce energy costs by &gt  50m  w a t e r use
i am deeply humbled to have received a special recognition from south texas isd for our long-standing work   
public schools are preparing our children for tomorrow while strengthening our communities today  this…
rt  washinformer    eleanornorton delivers remarks at mayor for life statue dedication in honor of honorable marion barry be informed
this has got to stop   housedemocrats are fighting to release trump s tax returns and get some real answers 
so proud of the u s  men s curling team -- led by duluth s very own john shuster  gold medal match next… we are a…
for the 2018 farm bill to be successful  it s critical that oregon farmers have a voice  thanks to all who took tim…
the seattle black panther party trailblazed a path of organizing and resistance to racism  knowing this history is…
great to be with  tacoma_chamber this am on capitol hill  over 100 business and civic leaders from the south sound…
happy 50th anniversary to the  cranstonlibrary  sorry to miss tonight s celebration 
rt  repannaeshoo  new   repyvetteclarke and i led over 60 house members in a letter to  ajitpaifcc  urging him to protect the lifeline prog…
rt  repraskin  secretary devos is interfering with civil right investigations in schools  i joined 58 of my colleagues to demand that she a…
abstract statistics or even news coverage of high-profile killings can t fully convey the lived experience of many…
 john__cole temple football better than temple basketball  notre dame basketball better than notre dame football  t…
wearing black to  sotu  to show solidarity with workers from all industries  from the restaurant kitchen to hollywoo…
teachers want to teach  they don t want to shoot  the only things we should  arm  our teachers with are higher sa…
tariff dodgers stand to profit off u s -china trade dispute
on this historic day  we recognize the brave souls at selma who fought for equality under the law and equal rights …
this made me chuckle 
moms dont need to choose between a child s health and a paycheck  the evidence shows paidsickdays laws benefit work…
i don t trust  realdonaldtrump to act lawfully against syria  he should only act under congressional authorization 
thank you for your support 
rt  vetaffairsdems  trump should spend less time undermining 2020census & focus on questions that matter   uscensusbureau  if we are to se…
rt  catradejustice  thank you  replindasanchez for supporting working people & the planet during  nafta  renegotiations  we need higher labo…
mental health caucus is thrilled to welcome back and hear from  nimhdirector  dr  joshua gordon  continued research…
despite overwhelming support from both parties for a  daca  solution   speakerryan has not allowed a vote to protect…
today i led  housedemocrats in the floor debate of h r  1370  the  dhsgov blue campaign authorization act of 2017 
rt  noblejonesontv  mississippi  benniegthompson speaking out about the bombings in austin austin bombings austin bomber  wjtv
rt  housedemocrats   we know the security of the american family starts with the ability to access affordable  quality healthcare  no one…
rt  housedpcc  watch  repcicilline   repdankildee   rephankjohnson   repmarcykaptur   repbeatty &  whiphoyer speak out on the g o p tax scam…
looking forward to speaking today at  wis2018  on impact investing  social impact bonds and the need for new ideas i…
rt  oversightdems  just in  dems press for subpoena for documents revealing who improperly classified handwritten notes of top doj official…
a5  the decision was disappointing  to say the least  i believe the united states has a moral obligation to addres…
tax reform should help american families  taxing money that graduate students earn is another example of how the go…
i also told reporters that polling from  morningconsult/ politico today shows opposition to the g o p tax scam is incr…
at  jcrcny s annual congressional breakfast in nyc  speaking about my initiatives on behalf of the jewish community…
 jacksonleetx18  we must save the chibok girls and we must do it now   bbog  4 years too long
dreamers – if your daca expired on or after the september 5  2016 you may submit a daca renewal application  apply…
the nra is attempting pull off one of their greatest heists yet by selling weapons to schools  they know that armin…
rt  mayorharrykim  hawaii county civil defense is on high alert on a 24-hour basis for possibility of eruption in lower puna  all areas bor…
president trump s muslim ban is a stain on america  the supreme court should remember our nation s history – as a c…
nikki haley  why are you aligned w/ trump   what is it about him that makes you want to suffer endless humiliation …
rt  housedemocrats  open enrollment ends tonight  8 in 10 people can find plans for less than  75 a month  visit to…
while ventura county has faced heartbreaking challenges because of thomas fire  we are on road to recovering strong…
congressional republicans falsely sold the g o p tax scam as a bill for the middle class  when in reality  the wealthi…
my thoughts are with the families of sgt  noel ramirez and deputy taylor lindsey  who were senselessly murdered in…
counsel  counsel 
rt  karen_heymann   nikiinthehouse thanks to you and your staff for supporting massachusetts conservation priorities   ltalliance land4al…
always a pleasure to chat with  uwbothell students and staff  thank you for joining me today to share your ideas an…
2  dhsoig had conducted a thorough review and written a report & submitted to  dhsgov for comment on 10/6  later to…
rt  officialcbc  today at 11 30 am et  the cbc will introduce the jobsand justice act  omnibus legislation that would  if passed  increase…
rt  repjerrynadler  truly a great day for brooklyn  nyc and our region  creating jobs  removing trucks from our streets and improving our…
millions of working americans rely on medicaid for care  the graham cassidy repeal bill would steal from the progra…
it reduces state and local taxes deduction billionaires first
just going to leave this here   
are you a minority entrepreneur or small business owner looking for capital to start or grow a business  if so  mak…
couldn t have said it better myself   for too long republicans have been able to avoid accountability by talking a…
our veterans should never be denied quality care  i ve requested an investigation into the alarming reports coming…
happy women s eq day  i am proud to have earned a 100% lifetime score from  ppfa & i will continue to stand up & fight for womenshealth 
glad to see  texasfarmbureau highlighting sugar cane grown in the rio grande valley t x34 forward
health insurers are sounding the alarm over gop actions to sabotage the  aca   take a look at how the trump administ…
april is autism awareness month  we must continue to increase understanding and acceptance for everyone …
singapore army visits  jblm_pao  trains alongside u s  soldiers for exercise lightning strike 18  story by staff sg…
did you know that illinois small businesses accounted for more than 75% of net job growth in illinois in 2016 alone…
 repespaillat  repcohen will hold a community forum calling for the impeachment of president donald trump on sunda…
tonight i m joining gun violence survivors from parkland and across the nation at a special marchfor our lives town…
earlier this year i met gregg and william -reps from the  buffalobills- and showed off my office s signed jim kelly…
as  potus waffles on the iran deal and trade agreements  not to mention his disregard for climate change …
rt  nancypelosi  wishing the very best to  repanthonybrown  rest up & we ll see you back in the people s house soon 
rt  winglukemuseum  do you know bruce  oct 4  an intimate exploration of bruce lee at the wing  find out more at
thank you for having me 
chief of which is to serve others  self-serving attacks belittle office  time for trump to stop tweeting and get to work   3/3 
  potus says his tax cuts provide tremendous relief for the middle class  but that is certainly not the case for my…
this week is police week2018  as a former homicide investigator and cop  i know how much hard work and sacrifice go…
sexually assaulted as a child   lorettajross forged on  in 2006  she became the national coordinator of the sister…
  rephuffman and i introduced legislation last july to permanently end the obsolete loophole allowing sinclair to c…
good morning  indiana women vets  stop by the  idva  women veterans conference today  indwarmemorial - my office has…
thank you to everyone who joined us for our congressional art competition showcase in east peoria today  we have so…
dr  martin luther king  jr  was my friend  my mentor  he was like a big brother 
rt  msnbc  maxine waters on why she s boycotting trump s state of the union   he won t become presidential in one speech  
tennessee is vulnerable to election interference  we need to act immediately to protect our vote 
rt  repcummings  our children are the living messages we send to a future we will never see  the question is how will we send them into tha…
rt  usrepkcastor  the trump gop wears its sabotage of americans  health care as a badge of honor  the truth  americans deserve lower cost…
rt  nycvetsalliance  breaking  today  nyc veterans alliance stood in support of a new bill introduced by  repjoecrowley to protect student…
as student debt hits  1 5 trillion  the trump administration has determined that there is no need to look out for…
so grateful to have been able to spend time with patrick and jessica yesterday as they shared their story and inspi…
there are a number of outstanding priorities that congress must address  the need to fund govt  protect d r e a mers  p…
rt  senatorbaldwin  today  i introduced the student non-discrimination act in the senate  which would help protect public school students f…
happy st  patrick s day  st patricks day
it s national small business week  show your support for rhode island s small businesses by shopping small and sprea…
republicans had no problem spending all their time & votes on tax breaks for corporations & the wealthiest  now  th…
all communities benefit from  snap   each dollar invested generates  1 79 of economic activity and helps combat hung…
the month of october is dedicated to celebrating women in smallbusiness  & i m proud to represent the state with t…
the  thejusticedept s lawsuit undermines our local law enforcement s ability to protect & serve  the federal govt s…
each and every person has a mission  a mandate  and a moral obligation to speak up & stand up for those left out & left behind  goodtrouble
a great victory for dreamers  but this does not change the facts  congress must pass a permanent legislative solut…
this is ridiculous  no person should have to experience this  the only way to end discrimination like this is to be…
rt  alaskawild  thanks  rephuffman for speaking out now  and always  to protect the arctic 
i m supporting the hold congress accountable act to stop members of congress from getting paid during a government…
  potus  comments on north korean dictator kim jong-un raise serious questions about his understanding of the grave…
congress must invest in colon cancer prevention
merry christmas and happy holidays from our family to yours  wishing everyone joy  peace and prosperity in the new…
the  fcc took away a free and open internet  today  senate democrats are one step closer to forcing a vote to…
praying for the lives of the servicemembers who were on board and their families 
the violence at the gaza-israel border is horrifying  we can question the actions of individuals or the brunt of re…
i joined dreamers and people of faith outside of the capitol to call on congress to protect d r e a mers  we are urging…
we give local communities the tools they need to help our loved ones working hard to overcome addiction 
thank you  projecthome for all the lives you improve
rt  housedemocrats  fifty years after the loss of his mentor and friend  dr  martin luther king  jr    repjohnlewis reminds us that real pr…
rt  repteddeutch  the blackout in pr is the second longest in world history  the united states  the wealthiest country on this planet  is…
 2/3  investment in our veterans  predictability for our service members  a meaningful response to the opioid crisi…
i couldn t care less what the  nra wants  they ve done everything possible to perpetuate the gun epidemic that plag…
we need to  transition to low carbon economy 
the american people deserve honest government  clean air & water  and responsible management of our environment  si…
rt  ananavarro  i just lost a close friend to pancreatic cancer  a cruel disease  i m rooting for harry reid and wish him & his family the…
these women also did not receive medical care or veteran benefits because of their gender  in highlighting the sel…
finalization of regulations at end of a term is not unique to democrats or gops   admins of both parties have finalized their work  2/
the proposed rate increases in md will have severe consequences for families throughout our state & are a direct re…
soldiers in california should not be held responsible for the government s lack of oversight 
time is running out  we need all of our passenger railroads to get in the game and get essential train safety tech…
rt  nurseshealdc  maryland nurses endorse  brownformd for congress  it s time to vote   nationalnurses
despite the weather  glad to see a good turnout at the 11th annual walpole day parade and celebration  great to see…
so proud of these students  never let someone tell you that you re too young to be taken seriously …
today is world press freedom day  under trump  who called reporters  enemies of the people   the united states has fa…
rt  nicolekarlis  some who want answers from  facebook are unimpressed with the new  privacy experiences  announcement  cc  repbobbyrush ht…
rt  nancypelosi    speakerryan &  housegop seem to have forgotten that americans will not stand for their attacks on medicare & social sec…
i couldn t agree more 
our summer internship program is around the corner  apply now to join my internship program 
cc   statedept
saw it on the jumbotron last night but had to watch it again today  amazing to see  spidadmitchell honoring louisvi…
rt  giffordscourage  thank you to sen   chrisvanhollen &  repesty for introducing the handgun purchaser licensing act to incentivize laws r…
the hood mountain regional park and preserve  once devastated by the california wildfires  has re-opened  hope you…
 fbf  to when i visited  cabrillonps for the 100th anniversary of the  natlparkservice  i hope san diegans can enjoy…
today s the anniversary of the signing of the affordable care act  for 23 million reasons  i m so happy we will nev…
great event  in congress  sponsored by  repespaillat to celebrate dominican heritage month  members of congress …
in 2009  california s uninsured rate was more than 21%  today  eight years after president obama signed the afforda…
months after exploding deficits with g o p tax scam giveaways to billionaires   speakerryan is pushing a constitutiona…
if your daca expired on or after the september 5  2016 you may submit a daca renewal application  apply with uscis…
this morning i had the opportunity to visit  foodbankrgv and answer questions about agriculture policy and the upco…
rt  repdankildee  four years later  flint families are still recovering from the water crisis and having to use filters & bottled water  in…
protecting our elections from foreign interference is not an r or d issue  it s an american issue  & it s absolutel…
rt  juliegonen  thank you  repdwightevans for being a champion of the women s health protection act  act for women
chcs are a vital part of our health care safety net and help families that have difficulty finding reliable  afford…
the trump budget makes room to give handouts to giant corporations  while making it harder for students to pursue h…
rt  energycommerce    epaoig confirms pruitt lied to rm  frankpallone about his security threats  which is why e&c dems specifically reques…
to treat as strangers these law-abiding immigrants threatens the democratic principles this nation stands for 
christmas came early this year for isps   ajitpaifcc announced plans today to repeal the open internet order and en…
during recess i ll sleep with cellphone next to my ear and if word comes down that trump is taking out sessions  ta…
i sought this congressional seat eleven years ago because i could not tolerate the fact that a woman had not been e…
rt  nancypelosi    housegop is gone for longest recess in at least 60 years  did no work on gunviolence  zika  and more  shameful 
watch live as we discuss our bipartisan queen of the hill rule to force a debate on a permanent daca solution 
according to  commonwealthfnd  the rate of working-age americans without healthinsurance rose to 15 5 percent  up…
this week  i m delivering my update to  nc01  by way of video 
i recently entered a statement in the congressional record in honor of  winterparkfla fire chief jim white  who wil…
in our 21st-century world  equal access to online content is the cornerstone of freely moving communication & comme…
 idahowifey glad you asked  i led a bipartisan coalition that passed legislation providing  1 billion for 2 years t…
rt  cenkuygur  every politician who voted against reasonable guncontrol is responsible for what happened in florida today  here s who is t…
my full statement on today s omnibus 
 gop midnight monday health proposal is a rx for disaster for everyone 
 annmravel it is vital we find out what the  fec needs to do its job  it is also important to pass the honest ads a…
rt  nikiinthehouse  today s  nrdems  natresources hearing shows strong bipartisan support for national heritage areas  i will continue work…
this program is critical for underserved populations to gain access to  usda s credit  commodity  conservation  & o…
pleased to speak at the  underthegundoc screening about the urgent need for action to address the gun violence epid…
rt  greggiroux  retiring rep   cbrangel  d-ny13  last week became 10th longest-serving u s  house member in history  1971-   passing adolp…
not fair  amazon  a monopoly  avoiding paying its fair share of federal taxes  it s even squeezing local and state…
we ve got phone banks going for aca open enrollment--sign up below  we are calling people across illinois to   
we re focused on helping make sure all delaware children have access to a high-quality education  that starts wi…
to everyone in paterson and teaneck  please remember to vote today  your vote counts
how dare so-called  president  lecture anyone about failure to produce documents  stop hiding your tax returns from…
rt  chetansharma   repjayapal had an excellent town hall yesterday  good command of issues and high energy  engaged citizens 
rt  nancypelosi    speakerryan &  housegop seem to have forgotten that americans will not stand for their attacks on medicare & social sec…
 openletterbot  catialada i completely agree that special counsel mueller must be allowed to continue his investig…
one thing hannity & trump don t talk about  apologizing | floor speech w/ video  twill…
congratulations to all the colorado paralympians who contributed to team u s a s amazing performance – including tyle…
i m honored to be present with the family of petty officer 1st class caleb a  nelson today as we rename the stoneyridge po under his name 
trump s  fiscal policy  bears a striking resemblance to trump s real estate business model  borrow your way to bank…
rt  nancypelosi  trump admin announcement that they want to drastically expand offshore drilling just 3 miles off east & west coasts makes…
are you a college student interested in learning more about congress  my offices offer internship opportunities in…
great meeting with  nc  electric cooperatives leaders during their visit to dc yesterday  we discussed how we can wo…
next monday  i hope you will join me for my town hall in albany as i give you an update on my work in congress to p…
i m proud of  aaronscheinberg for following his call to serve this country – that takes courage  every person who s…
rt  allinwithchris  joining  chrislhayes tonight   selectedwisdom  danielsgoldman  reptedlieu  victoensing  lisagreen_law  mayawiley  harry…
 aynrandpaulryan  pattymurray  senatorcantwell  davidhogg111  nra in wa s 9th district  students are engaging on th…
president trump continues to show that he is willing to do whatever – and ignore whatever – is needed to stay in ru…
today 14 000 shoes are displayed on the lawn of the capitol  representing every schoolkid lost to gun violence sinc…
please keep the police officer shot in folcroft in your thoughts and prayers 
  epa administrator pruitt faces nearly a dozen federal inquiries into his lavish spending and improper industry t…
good luck to all the runners competing in the  bostonmarathon on this chilly  rainy day  remembering those lost fiv…
rt  housejuddems  🚨  breaking  🚨  housegop passes  s139   the  fisa  amendments and reauthorization act of 2017  a bill that continues warrant…
rt  keneshiagrant  looks like fl s first-gen matching grant scholarship got a bump in this budget    in  06/07  i worked with  jebbush   al…
everyone should be able to vote  and every vote should matter  this decision is a good start  here s what s next …
you can officially get covered now for 2018  visit to find a plan that works for you 
paycheck fairness act is part of the solution for equal pay  but we also need paidsickdays  paidleave  affordable…
a las 5 am  republicanos presentaron un plan para financiar al gobierno por quinta vez desde septiembre sin ninguna…
rt  aaaj_aajc    repgracemeng   without family immigration system  i would not be here today  
president trump would rather fight a culture war than allow transgender people to serve our nation in an actual war…
 potus the idea that poor immigrants are a drag on society is simply not true 
  newmexicooag & i filed our opposition to yet another trump admn  attempt to dismantle the waste prevention rule …
congratulations to my friend fire chief bill scoble on over 40 years with the westwood fire department  thank you f…
rt  tusk81  john kelly s ancestors were some of those unskilled  non-english speaking immigrants he was ranting about last week  census rec…
going live  bloombergtv to discuss my efforts to get answers from  epascottpruitt on his myriad scandals   bad poli…
i m inspired by students like kegan and isabel from astoria who are speaking up and calling on their elected leader…
proud of new york city for fighting the gender pay gap by banning employers from asking about previous salaries  wom…
congratulations to the class of 2018 graduating from  nau this weekend  n a u strong
50 years ago today  we lost civil rights icon dr  martin luther king jr—seen here addressing beecher terrace reside…
 the ultimate measure of a man is not where he stands in moments of comfort and convenience  but where he stands at…
rt  jessicaasmith8   replawrence says she hopes the committee can go  beyond the headlines  and make change for women in the workforce  she…
rt  majorityspeaks  thank you  repmaloney for your passionate support of the enough is enough agenda to end sexual harassment in our workpla…
i already have a valentine  but let s pencil in the 15th at 6pm  join me this thursday at 6 pm pacific for another…
i just love this guy 
i ve issued a level 1 driving warning for kent county and new castle county beginning at 2 45pm  the level 1 drivin…
let me be clear  we must protect social security  medicare  and other safety net programs that provide security for…
did you know one in five seniors has been a victim of fraud  and new scams are developed constantly  that s why tod…
rt  worccountybar   abaesq we had a breakfast  special sitting of the state appeals court in our county  w local high school students in at…
rt  ccha_national  a big thanks to michele viterise who met with us on behalf of  repjohndelaney for  had18   we thank you for meeting with…
that s me and my mom and my sister  thanks  momsrising for everything you do to keep families together and stand up…
celebrated mrs  norma b  harvey s wonderful legacy at hampton university during her first lady s luncheon this afte…
april is national minority health month  let s work together to ensure americans of all backgrounds can celebrate m…
rt  roinjnews    sgottliebfda led a roundtable with  repjoshg on monday at  hackensackumc that focused on the needs of the health provider…
i m visiting gifts from the heart food bank to hear about how they help families in the whidbey island community  n…
rt  oversightdems  now that the nunes memo is over  and a dud  … can congress finally do its real job  here s a list of 13 subpoena motions…
as a former prosecutor  comey firing again underscores the need for independent investigation of trump campaign   1/2 
i ve said it before & i ll say it again  mueller is working hard getting to the bottom of what happened during our…
 lax tsa just help the people  ✅ attitude at the door  some folks don t fly often & just need a little help 
rt  hascdemocrats        the extraordinary actions russia is taking to undermine democratic values and international norms  the uncomfortab…
a special thank you to  repjohnlarson for joining us at our social security town hall in san pablo  social security…
there is still time to rsvp for my tele town hall on may 22  2018 
h res  370  titled moments of silence are not enough  ties displays of sincerity to action  the house would be requ…
 repespaillat  repkathleenrice  josetomasperezv and dominican leaders during today s semana dominicana…
rt  dleonhardt  every one of the last four republican presidents has increased the deficit  every one of the last three democratic presiden…
rt  nataliebrandk5    repderekkilmer has proposed a bill that would increase the national guard s role in combating cyber threats  why wash…
speaking at the  icrw on iwd2018 on how we should keep pushing forward for equality and justice and how we can ens…
i sat down with  peterhoweboston & jim brett of  necouncil to talk taxreform  shutdown  2018midterms and more  t…
rt  lsctweets  new york congressman  repjoseserrano met recently with lsc president jim sandman and board chair john levi to discuss federa…
this weekend my staffers nina andrews and patrick o connor presented certificates of congressional recognition to t…
great to see our bipartisan u s -israel joint drone detection cooperation act with  repmikejohnson passed by…
travelers deserve info & control over hidden  exorbitant airline baggage fees  read about my new effort informed by…
i had a great time chatting with  saclib executive director rivkah sass last month about everything from the import…
thank you   whiphoyer 
rt  rulesdemocrats  i was just home in my district and not one person talked about the issues  housegop prioritized this week  it s frustra…
my heart goes out to all the families of those slain  and to the survivors of this tragic incident  as well as the…
 tbt   proud to celebrate greek heritage on the hill this past month with the  theahiindc and my fellow greek-americ…
otd 50 years ago  dr  king was killed in memphis  meeting him with my fellow leaders of  sncc  transformed my life b…
lowey to  secelainechao  congress has given your dept  robust funding to make serious investments in infrastructure…
actually  mr  president  there s overwhelming political support for gun safety reform  including age limits  univer…
during wwii  over 120 000 citizens or residents of japanese ancestry were arrested and put into internment camps  t…
rt  usprogressives  who loves war  spreads anti-muslim hate  and probably couldn t negotiate a treaty for a schoolyard fight - let alone an…
rt  pdxbizjournal  bonamici introduces bill to ease safe disposal of unwanted painkillers
southbridge is a town with 17 000 residents & the  fhcw southbridge dental facility serves thousands  this further…
ty dean azita emami 4 the opportunity 2 address the  uwson - the nation s 1 school of nursing since 1984 husky nurse
rt  reprokhanna  after mlk s assassination  bobby kennedy called for us to overcome our divisions through understanding  compassion  and lo…
rt  housejuddems  🚨 breaking  🚨 repjerrynadler &  repzoelofgren condemn  realdonaldtrump administration decision to strip salvadorans of  tp… 
it all starts tonight — let s go preds  stand with us we want the cup smashville
4 years ago  arizona veterans bravely stood up to mismanagement at the va  i ve always worked across the aisle and…
happy 70th independence day to the nation of israel  israel70
i am excited to hold my annual town forums beginning next week on january 12  these town forums are incredibly bene…
appeared on  ktla yesterday to discuss the china trade deficit  nonproliferation & the 2020 census  watch it here 
in ending tps for citizens of nepal  the trump administration is once again making a heartless and senseless decis…
wishing a wonderful birthday to my friend and our fearless madam leader  nancypelosi
  housegop ongoing efforts to undermine the affordable care act are raising families  health costs and threatening…
hawaii was the 1st state in the us to set a 100% clean energy goal by 2045  rep  tulsi gabbard intro d the o f f act…
today i was reelected democratic leader of the  houseadm_dems  gratified by support of my colleagues and honored by  nancypelosi nomination 
 eleanor4congres
50 years after his death  dr  martin luther king  jr  remains a bright beacon for all those seeking justice  equali…
dreamers – just two more days left to apply to renew your daca status  info here 
happy womens history month my entire life i ve been fortunate to be surrounded by influential women  like my late gr…
a free and open internet means every entrepreneur  regardless of how much money they have  has a chance to thrive …
watch the committee hearing at  portofla where we learn more about how to protect  usa  largest seaport 
i am relieved fema has extended temporary shelter assistance for puerto ricans in the mainland including those in n…
i thought president trump s military parade idea was the stupidest thing i ve ever heard  i was wrong  taking money…
the major paused for a minute and then he said   troopers advance  
i went on boston herald radio this morning to talk about the president s proposed tariffs on steel and aluminum  li…
county sheriffs in key states like north carolina are running and winning on a platform to focus on building commun…
i spoke on behalf of my constituents and their family members who have been impacted by this disaster  i asked ngos…
rt  repjayapal  the flint water crisis cannot and should not happen ever again  anywhere  congress  and all levels of government  must mak…
rt  kampeas  by  nitalowey and  repchrissmith - the us  and the world  need our anti-semitism monitor more than ever
trump panders to gun lobby at nra convention  what happened to doing something about america s gun violence epidemi…
polluting pruitt egregious actions put the health and safety of all americans at risk  he has to go  boot pruitt
as i said then  thoughts and prayers alone are not enough – we need action to combat the gun violence epidemic  whi…
even republicans are upset about this congress  closed process preventing anyone from offering amendments on the fl…
i want to wish everyone observing the start of ramadan tonight a blessed and peaceful month  ramadan mubarak 
a mind to work  
on this vietnam war veterans day   let us recognize and pay tribute to all of those who served in the vietnam war  th…
for years  there have been no highway signs leading to the va medical center in indianapolis  with the help of roud…
regardless  i plan to file standalone legislation this week to see this barbaric event  and similar activities  sto…
as we await the start of brightline305 service  please take the coming week to ensure that you and every member of…
rt  cspanwj  wed| rep   bradsherman  d-ca  takes your questions on the mueller probe & pres  trump s national security team  join us at 9am…
joined mayor john rowe and other elected and community leaders at the hampton roads chamber of commerce portsmouth…
esta última enmienda estará en votación 15 minutos   promesa 
both society and the law must treat every person with respect & dignity regardless of who they are or who they love…
rt mindyourbuzz w/gop opposing right to choose even in cases of incest & rape  how can we protect women s health  right to choose  ask julia
four years after the flint water crisis  congress must focus on clean drinking water for all americans …
4 000 faith leaders  5 500 nonprofits  99 religious orgs & the public wants to keep johnson amendment strong   3/4 
it was an honor to once again help take part in this morning s annual  lustgartenfdn westchester pancreatic cancer…
 protect kids  not guns - the message delivered by our children is having an impact  hold elected officials who are…
small businesses employ 2 1 million  ohioans and create 29 000  new jobs every year  small business week did you know
spc  gabriel was the first native hawaiian to be killed in the vietnam war   rotc100 
 icymi   97% of gun owners want to see congress require background checks for all gun buyers  when will  housegop le…
oregon law to allow judge to take guns away from people deemed a threat to themselves or others  like the florida s…
during world immunization week  let s bring awareness to a disease that continues to plague many people throughout…
 with nearly 80 percent of the country supporting legal status for dreamers  it seems everyone knows this is the ri…
increases to pell grants will help more students afford college 
i have introduced the expanding resources to establish quiet zones act to provide local communities with additional…
rt  repkclark  i will never forget watching as the  housegop celebrated passing trumpcare – a vote which caused families across the countr…
sunlight is the best disinfectant  the light of day would be the end of trumpcare  so gop keeps the bill in the dark
before i get the green light to install hi-def cameras to the belly of planes  i had to prove to  orbitalatk that i…
the trump administration is reviving the tpp  the idea that the tpp is a counter to china is nonsense  it benefit…
tax cuts don t pay for themselves  so how do republicans want to pay for the g o p tax scam  by cutting crucial benefi…
it was an honor to speak to veterans  service members  and cadets at the national infantry museum yesterday 
rt  remsaofficial   repdavidscott sharing some powerful comments on the need to invest in transportation and our workforce  tensarcorp  gor…
appreciate the incredible value that  arcelormittalus brings to our regional economy  and also how they are a great…
my statement on the end of the government shutdown 
tomorrow is the deadline to enroll for 2017 health coverage  check out to see if you qualify for financial help 
now that  realdonaldtrump s g o p tax scam has been signed into law  we can clearly see that corporate shareholders —…
live nowpress conference  flint water crisis 4yr anniversary  dont forget flint never again
 nato was established on this day 69 years ago  russia s recent aggressive action in the uk and in our elections is…
rt  aaaj_aajc    repgracemeng   my grandmother came as a nanny  she later sponsored my mom who was an adult at the time  my grandmother the…
thank you  mira_la_luna for sharing your story on what it means to be afro latina in communities around the globe …
rt  sopandeb  the call came from nevada  where i just got flashbacks of covering the trump campaign and a supporter asked me while waiting…
great talking with the  pdx_bizalliance today  thanks for your efforts to keep portland s economy moving toward the…
4 years and 4 days later  our commitment to the movement to bring back our girls is steadfast   rephastingsfl…
cutting multi-millions from  chip  would be cruel & heartless  the last thing we should be doing is putting low-inco…
as trump prepares to deliver the  sotu  tonight  we remember a year of immigration policy that has put nearly 800 00…
rt  housejuddems  rm  repjerrynadler   more than fifty years after the passage of the voting rights act  republicans are still trying to dis…
today  calling all business and restaurant owners to attend our last dhs/ice image and i-9 workshops in laredo  tx…
president trump s comments about haiti and african countries were offensive and below the dignity of the office of…
rt  milanimohsen  cnn s amanpour   i would describe pulling out of this deal [nuke deal] as possibly the greatest deliberate act of self-ha…
the  nra gave me an f  they give me no money  why  because i will never stop fighting for gun safety laws  enough i…
i was happy to meet with  comcast & the southwest cable communication assn in  dc  to discuss broadband access & its…
washington is reaching a level of chaos and dysfunction even i didn t think was possible  sinema so t d
leader pelosi has been speaking on the house floor for more than 6 hours asking the speaker to allow a vote on bipa…
wishing these scholars from my alma mater  fisk_university the very best luck at the  hcasc national academic tourn…
proud to meet with the purple heart hall of honor &  moph_hq  we re doing our part to attract more cosponsors for t…
a lot of productive meetings today  pleased that chris van haaren and jeff wellen of amtrol  inc  in west warwick d…
rt  glennkesslerwp  how interesting --&gt  trump indonesia project just got  500 million in chinese government loans v…
my next live telephone town hall is next tuesday  may 1  i m looking forward to providing constituents with an upda…
april 14 will mark 1 460 days since boko haram abducted 276 schoolgirls  112 are still missing  we must never stop…
more work remains to protect our democratic process  i look forward to continuing to work w/  senatordurbin…
rt  sensherrodbrown  we must fight any effort to use america s veterans to line the pockets of wealthy corporations  -sb
the trump administration s changes to title x puts the health of millions of women in danger  i commend  ppfa …
eight years ago today  the affordable care act became law 
rt  thehill  new  blue dog democrats lining up against gop tax bill
rt  remembrancedk  thanks  repmikehonda  repzoelofgren 4  15m grant 2 enhance security & aircraft parking areas  flysjc  kcbsnews
rt  housesbcdems  did you know that  realdonaldtrump s infrastructure proposal fails to mention the words  small business   today  democrat…
i ve just read excerpts from james comey s book  donald trump comes off as a poor man s fredo soprano 
i had a great briefing with the team at harvest select this afternoon  i m proud to have this incredible facility i…
my staff & i have been closely monitoring the chetco bar fire in the brookings area and we are keeping in close touch w/incident  1/2 
rt  repdesaulnier  i am proud of my f rating from the  nra--it is a badge of honor  thanks to  repjohnyarmuth  my democratic colleagues and…
rt  abc7newsbayarea  when asked by  repannaeshoo if he s willing to change his business model in the interest of protecting individual priv…
rt  jennylamlow  thank you congresswoman  nydiavelazquez and cm  cm_margaretchin for spending the afternoon with us at the chinatown cherry…
rt  housebluedogs  that s why we backed  repohalleran s stress act  which makes mental health treatment more available for rural communitie…
pleased that  realdonaldtrump was able to avoid reckless threats during his asia trip  as i urged him to do  unfor…
i will continue to advocate for common-sense gun safety legislation like an assault weapons ban and raising the age…
rt  taylortabchurch  learn more about turning the tide spotlighted by  repdwightevans
rt  lcvoters  yes  ej task force co-chairs  repbarragan   repmceachin &  repjayapal led several of their colleagues in a letter expressing…
so you ll hold a hearing then  nearly 6 months since the primary committee of jurisdiction held a hearing on a maj…
key takeaways from new  uscbo report  -g o p tax scam driving  1  trillion annual deficits starting in 2020 -…
rt  edshow  ➨ 60 minutes to edshow with  clintvanzandt   natsecheather   scclemons and  repjimmcdermott on ottawa shooting at 5pet/4pct o…
democrats have been working hard for months to keep a trump shutdown to happen  there s still time – gop leaders should work with us 
rt  housebudgetdems  live now  members  day hearing on  uscbo oversight  watch 
rt  fednet  solidifying legacy  korean war vet  cbrangel bill encouraging familial reunions before the house on tuesday 
  potus chided the gop for being afraid of the nra then told victims of gunviolence he d act on commonsense gun re…
the minnesota delegation hotdish competition is always a treat  thank you  sentinasmith for hosting this year 
rt  facesofee  federal energy efficiency policies support 1 500 jobs in your district - mostly small businesses  repcartwright
if netneutrality rules are allowed to expire  providers will be allowed to fragment the internet by charging more …
but it goes beyond that  anyone who has looked at prices for the goods & services working families depend on  it s…
rt  ac360   how hard is it to say   we re sorry a member of the white house staff made a crass remark   for this white house  apparently im…
watch my 2018 farm bill opening statement live 
what a season thus far  congratulations and let s go owls
 centeronbudget as an emergency physician  i am here to tell you this bill will harm patients  forcing families to…
so where s this gop tax bill  read my latest blog post for my take on the gop delay on the release tax talk
i m proud to co-sponsor this very important bill and commend  repcummings on his leadership 
 ameliafrappolli good eye  it s the emancipation proclamation  but i do have one with all the the signers of the de…
thank you to  ywcausa for the warm welcome  if we stand against racism together  we will make great strides and impr…
just finished my tour of  lovebeets in  followebp where i announced 100 new jobs in the  roc  region  i worked hard…
took to the house floor today to share juan s story  an oregon dreamer with cerebral palsy  dream act now
it s time  realdonaldtrump stop tacitly abdicating u s  foreign policy to putin & instead start pushing the russian…
i join students across the country in calling on congress to act now to help end gun violence  it s powerful to see…
spending levels in the g o p budget would undermine veterans  health care  rt to call on gop to raise the caps 
praising americans who have done heroic things will get bipartisan applause  but hope to hear policy proposals tha…
today marks eleven years since the shooting on virginia tech s campus that left 32 people dead  we owe it to the vi…
rt  vprnet  moved by  powerful plea  from parkland students  welch calls for vote on on gun control
rt  housesbcdems  behind every successful entrepreneur is a great idea  and a dynamite business plan  visit  sbagov s business guide and ge…
 the us congress has blood on its hands b/c it has not fulfilled its constitutional responsibility to the citizens…
today marks six months since  potus ended the  daca  program  like a majority of americans  i support the dream act…
wishing everyone a merry christmas 
rt  lauradfrancis    repjohnconyers  ag bill  an incentive to replace well-paid american workers with temporary foreign workers at a drasti…
we must organize and resist because not all victims of trump s policies can 
rt  officialcbc    sophetweets
lowey to  secelainechao  gateway project is critical to my district     i m deeply disappointed with your proposals…
good luck to morgan schild from pittsford  a team usa freestyle skier who s competing tonight in the olympic preli…
this bill would grant up to  5k to a person to retrofit or to include accessibility features in their new home for their kupuna  age in place
bgn s state of the union coverage with the congressional black caucus via  blackgirlnerds
just sent a letter to  conedison demanding the company take steps to ensure permanent solutions to the recurring pr…
  epascottpruitt found his predecessors  official car fell short of his standards  his fancy new model got upgrades…
in the absence of leadership from the trump adm  ags will vigorously defend the clean water act  if you pollute our…
wishing all a happy and safe 4th of july 
last week  i launched a regular series of momentoftruth floor speeches cataloguing the trump russia connections &…
i m discussing the iran deal and more on  foxnews at 1 p m  hope you can tune in 
i will continue to work with him to do all we can to advocate for a solution and advance policies that ensure ameri…
for children who depend on anti-hunger programs  cuts to snap mean the difference between a hot meal and going to b…
si hay un tema central de mi gestión es que  hemos dado la pelea  por los 3 4 millones de ciudadanos americanos de puerto rico 
we must be better than this  we must demand better from our president 
welcome to indy  whiphoyer &  repbarragan  this morning we are hosting a roundtable discussion on ways we can impr…
  housegop game plan  ☑️ pass a tax scam to hand massive tax cuts to super-wealthy ☑️manufacture a crisis over the…
happy earth day  the hudson valley is home to some of america s most historic environmental treasures – like the hu…
california doj has secured a  27 8m settlement with home depot to resolve allegations that the company unlawfully d…
please join me 10/18 for my community meeting on the rising levels of lake okeechobee and the herbert hoover dike w…
after showing under sec  mccarthy all that  arsenal_island has to offer  it s no surprise that the army now plans t…
 facebook left millions of californians  personal information vulnerable  at ca doj  we will continue to fight to m…
i believe we have a right to know what is in the water we drink  the food we eat  and the air we breathe  on this…
rt  maketheroadny  today at 10pm frontline p b s investigates  the gang crackdowns   who is behind the wave of killings on long island - & is…
congratulations to  clarkcountynv for receiving over  12 2 million in grants to create affordable housing and reach…
rt  nakasec   when we look at the facts  familyreunification benefits our communities  our economies  and our country  we need to fix the…
latina s are paid 54 cents for every  1 earned by white  non-hispanic men  we must work to close this gap …
immigrants who enter the us today would not even qualify for  daca   trump is telling blatant lies to support his an…
i have just been elected vice president of the la memorial coliseum commission  i appreciate the support of my coll…
testifying before the senate yesterday  interior sec  zinke appeared to backtrack on his plan to allow oil drilling…
 commercegov secretary ross  decisión to include a citizenship question in the 2020 census wil only result in a low…
proud to have played a leading role in this effort and in rallying house democrats to protect the independence and…
sinclair
the passage of the overwhelmingly bipartisan nj tax cut bill is the next step in the new jersey tax cut plan i deve…
i m honored to be introducing the care act with  senwarren today  the opioid epidemic does not discriminate based…
this bill is supported by the trump administration  and nothing would stop the communications collected  stored  an…
today i proudly spoke on the house floor to honor  wsbtv vp & gm tim mcvay on his retirement after 39 years in broa…
working with my republican colleague  repdlamborn  we passed a bill through the house that would let  flyelp compet…
instead of cutting working lands programs by ~ 5b as the gop 2018 farm bill prescribes  we should support farmers by…
rt  delawaredot  wondering how deldot decides when to pretreat the roads  which roads to plow first  and other snow-related information  ch…
this week   alzassociation held its annual southern nevada educational conference to discuss the fight against alzh…
once again  republicans want to bring back wasteful spending for their pet projects 
rt  eastbayhs  thank you for providing this opportunity to our students  mrs  lawton teaches from the heart and her students blossom into t…
as  scotus  hears oral arguments in janus vs  afscme  important to remember this case was brought by billionaires t…
rt  barackobama  young people have helped lead all our great movements  how inspiring to see it again in so many smart  fearless students s…
rt  nydiavelazquez  don t forget - join me   repjeffries  repespaillat  legalaidnyc  thenyhc  cssnyorg today - at noon on city hall steps…
rt  ppact    iamjohnoliver hits on fake women s health centers on  lastweektonight calling them out for their fear-mongering  misleading ad…
proud to join rep  keithellison today to introduce the water affordability  transparency  equity and reliability  w…
taking mercedes out for a play date  to learn more about adopting mercedes  follow  spcaoftexas marc means business…
rt  nga_geoint  today u s  congressman of maryland s 2nd district   call_me_dutch  visited nga to speak with nga director robert cardillo a…
rt  housedpcc  watch dpcc co-chair  repcheri explain the raw deal working families are getting under the g o p tax scam  this is why  housede…
 hundreds of homes  along with local businesses and public infrastructure have suffered terrible impacts from flood…
rt  repbillfoster    realdonaldtrump has denied the science of climatechange and let  epascottpruitt gut environmental regulations  it s d…
the president is now openly discussing firing special counsel mueller  this is not how a man with nothing to hide a…
proud to stand up for working families in  ga13  and across the country and to champion the critical role unions hav…
we cannot and should not allow our children s time at school to fill with fear of another shooting  i support commo…
calling all hs students in parts of philly & montgomery county  today is the last day to submit your artwork for…
last year  i joined a federal lawsuit against president trump because it was clear his pay-for-play business practi…
it s on all of us  lawmakers  employers  & workers to close the gender & racial paygap  let s make this the last…
rt  abc  scott pruitt pressed on reported significant raises given to two aides  saying he was not aware of the amount or process   well t…
1/ read this article  the reality is systemic bias in our healthcare system is killing african-american mothers and…
it was a pleasure to welcome  ncleague executive director paul meyer  president michael lazzara  and vice president…
from meeting with the first female head of northcom to meeting with americans who count on medicare & social securi…
it is unconscionable for hud  secretarycarson to propose to increase rent for low-income tenants who pay for federa…
valentine s day is one of the biggest tip days for workers  but president trump is proposing a rule allowing employ…
rt  shareblue  rep  maxine waters smacked down trump s attack on her iq
cutting funding for legal services corp  would impact our veterans  seniors  those w/ disabilities  domestic viol…
congratulations to my colleague  repmarcykaptur  who has just become the longest serving woman in the house of repr…
rt  officialcbc  cbc to  speakerryan  reauthorize and fully fund the children s health insurance program and community health centers in th…
rt  derricknaacp  ever heard of viola desmond  blk woman on canada  10 bill  or the nova scotia association for the advancement of coloured…
some veterans who i deployed with are now falling sick with cancer & other illnesses  but  there is no research and…
i applaud the students in  il11  and across the country participating in national walkout day & speaking out against…
that is why i introduced the offshore wind jobs and opportunity act  legislation that seeks to educate and train a…
attending my last  fy19ndaa  markup as a member of the armed services cmt  i m grateful to my sr policy adv sean dug…
my office is now accepting entries for the 2018 high school congressional art competition  apply now for a chance t…
day 3 of trump shutdown  went to a democratic caucus meeting to determine a path forward  still no new emergency fu…
rt  repwilson  the flint water crisis is not an anomaly—what happened to flint is a warning to all americans  many communities are one mist…
net neutrality regulations make the internet available to everyone  we cannot let our internet service providers li…
in hawaii  a recent study found that nearly 2 600 average visitors left about 412 pounds of sunscreen in the ocean…
tomorrow i will be questioning facebook ceo mark zuckerberg on a variety of topics  including facebook s policies f…
read and listen to my full remarks at the congressional forum this week on challenges deported u s  veterans face …
the united states must lead when it comes to offering humanitarian assistance to those in need  individuals seeking…
an integral part of new mexico s economy is the hard work of our farmers and producers across the state  our crops…
da comienzo el foro sobre  promesa  en washington  dc véalo aquí-  amprog
rt  muralarts   repbrady  your voice such familiar tunes 👏  thank you for coming and showing support  mural arts month
big congrats to the team from valle verde early college high school for winning their regional competition 
rt  slocountyoes  all of slo county is included in this watch  
rt  millerinstga  a heartfelt thank you to our dear friend  repbuddycarter for organizing this hour in congress to honor zell miller  speci…
i ll be on  johnfugelsang  tell me everything  today on sirius xm insight channel 121  tune in at 2 30pm et…
thank you for coming by my office and for the critical care you provide our communities   aanphpc 
tune in to  kgwnews on saturday at 6 30pm where i ll be on straight talk with laural porter to talk about how i m p…
last week  i met with tunisian lawmakers to discuss the friendship between our two nations & why the u s  must cont…
happy vaisakhi to all those celebrating in new york and around the world  may the coming year bring you and your f…
i called the irs to get an update on the filing system crash  i ve had constituents call my office saying they can …
50 years ago today  we lost a great leader who inspired millions of americans  we remember mlk not only for his pro…
i m proud to represent indy and all of the hoosiers who live in it  that s why i joined forces w/  susanwbrooks to…
we need to have a seat at the table in budget negotiations and all debates in washington  because we can t let wome…
rt  deldigiknow  governor  johncarneyde recognizes  de_dti webteam for national  best of the web  award for delap…
when i came to congress  i said i knew it was a fixer-upper  after the last few weeks  it s clearly time for a full…
rt  chelliepingree  as the house agriculture committee works on farm bill reauthorization   davidcicilline and i have led a letter w/ 29 co…
1 --&gt  in september   speakerryan held a meeting for  housegop members  at the meeting was a koch-funded campaign or…
a man who doesn t believe our nation s promise of equality should apply to women  lgbt americans or the wrongfully…
thank you also to mrs  grace hobbs  my english teacher during my senior year at selma high school  it was teachers…
rt  rokhanna  we must remember that the disastrous iraq war was supported by politicians on both sides of the aisle  to avoid making these…
as a leader in the effort to create information help desks at the nation s most backlogged immigration courts  i a…
great article about  uscis filipino world war ii veterans parole  fwvp  policy  fil am vets →
it s national small biz week  nationwide half of americans work for or own a small biz  in hi more than 90% of our businesses are small biz 
rt  capac   month after month  year after year   capac members are on the frontlines for the fight for justice and dignity   thank you  re…
thank you to all the moms who work every day to raise  love  and look after our kids  this mothers day be sure to l…
rt  ababankers  hearing from  repstevestivers and  repbeatty on the importance of fin lit   a bipartisan issue    flm2018  f l hill day
now trump won t even take action to stop russia from meddling in our 2018 elections  if it worked out for him once…
harry reid is a fighter  and i have no doubt this is another battle he ll win  wishing you a speedy recovery …
rt  whiphoyer  new data from  cdcgov shows that rate of uninsured americans dropped to 8 6% in q1 2016  a historic low  a c aworks
the congressional app challenge is happening now  open to hs students  register & submit your app by nov  2   cac16 
happy new year  wishing you and your family a great 2014 
can you canvass with us on saturday  we need your help to protect access to basic forms of reproductive care    
g o p tax scam was never about working families  it was about shareholder gains and corporations  with billions of add…
rt  congressmanraja  the gop farm bill would slash snap  our premiere anti-hunger program  by  20 billion  meals from  snap  and its predece…
i ll be questioning mark zuckerberg soon  we need answers on his commitment to protect our personal data 
rt  replawrence  36 7 million people are living with hiv globally  this  wad2017   congress should renew our commitment to ensuring everyone…
i stand in opposition to this unfair  immoral g o p budget 
rt  clsa_advocacy  thanks  congressmanruiz for voting to repeal  ipab  and protecting biomedical innovation in california 
rt  phlpublichealth  the  phillymayor has just announced that  philadelphiagov has come to an agreement with conrail to clean and secure th…
rt  carmelorios  finalizamos nuestro recorrido por washington dc con una reunión junto al congresista de nueva york   repjoseserrano en la…
very encouraged by the announcement from north and south korea this morning  after visiting the peninsula last summ…
women make up nearly half of the american workforce  yet the wagegap persists  on average  women are paid 20 cents…
building a twenty-first century public education system is the best investment we can make in america s future 
rt  energycommerce  it s a sad day at the energy and commerce committee  our thoughts and prayers go out to everyone who was fortunate enou…
we shouldn t look to  facebook and other tech companies in my district to be self regulating  in a free society  pe…
 wsbtv thanks  wsbtvcommunity for sharing coverage of the life-saving screenings offered at our recent…
happy 44th birthday  viguard thank you all for your service to our nation and our territory  vistrong
proud to introduce the invest and manufacture in america act  helping manufacturers innovate&create jobs where we n…
cooper  mayor  election commission partner in high school voter registration effort in cheatham county &gt &gt …
my thoughts and prayers goes out to all involved with the tragic train crash involving my republican colleagues 
a4  it was clear at the listening sessions around the country that americans overwhelmingly support the clean power…
tonight  our country will tune in to hear from stoneman douglas shooting survivors  it s high time congress listen…
polluting pruitt rolled back fuel efficiency standards resulting in increased costs to americans both at the gas pu…
  housegop just voted on an outrageous proposal for a  balanced budget  constitutional amendment- months after exp…
none are afforded a life without any regrets  for me it s overwhelmed by extraordinary gratefulness  
rt  torpedofactory  spending the evening at the naea headquarters tonight for the virginia 8th congressional high school art competition aw…
right now  you can still apply to renew your daca  if you meet the requirements to apply for daca renewal  you shou…
join us for this week s action steps with a special focus on repro rights and racial justice  and call governor   
from day one   potus has worked to sell our public lands to the highest bidder  not on our watch  i led 105 of my c…
tomorrow   ppfa  dawnlaguens & i are joining local activists mobilizing against  realdonaldtrump &  gop attempts to…
 sullied18 those figures come from the dol  they are very easy to look up  it s very simple and takes less than a minute
measures to reduce gun violence have broad support from the american people  including from gun owners  for too lon…
is anyone surprised   this is the same crowd that elected a reality show host president/believes putin is our best…
have you heard of trio  they help vets and first-generation college students pursue their degrees  i support trio a…
joining my colleagues of conscience for national walk out day  enough is enough  it s time to say never again and do…
rudy s admission raises question whether these payments constitute an illegal  structuring  of transactions to evad…
rt rogerlau  still undecided  email me at rlau mikecapuano com if you would want to learn more about mike   a lot of great questions masen
rt  awionline  thanks  repmikehonda for resolution supporting laws protecting good samaritans who rescue animals from hot vehicles 
all students should have access to a quality highered  regardless of race  status  or circumstance  the…
the fact is that the nuclear deal is working  today s announcement is a crisis of the president s own making  and h…
rt  nbcnews  new york ag schneiderman announces he is filing a lawsuit against the trump administration over census citizenship question  h…
the house is in session this week  here s what we re scheduled to vote on
racial bias in health care is killing black mothers and babies  black infants are more than twice as likely to die…
this is so sad and so heartening at the same time  🙏🏻 to all those who serve as first responders and their familie…
rt  spkrikava  thank you  reptimwalz for defending the food security safety net  protect s n a p  mazonusa  fractweets
quickest way to get fired by  realdonaldtrump isn t misuse of taxpayer funds  domestic violence or lying  it s stan…
my heart was broken upon learning of the loss of my good friend  louiseslaughter  we shared a special bond from whe…
big congratulations to the entire staff at the  northbaynews who were today awarded a pulitzer prize for their repo…
rt  ajcglobal  president erdogan  long an enthusiast of the hamas terror organization  applies an extremist s logic to what it means to be…
congrats to st  paul s own  redballoonbooks on winning  wnba_national s pannell award as one of america s best chil…
mary and i celebrate the life and mourn the passing of our friend  minnesota s former first lady  jane freeman - a…
earth day is the perfect time to recommit ourselves to think green in every area of our lives and to demand that ou…
 uscbo under the g o p farm bill  food assistance recipients would have to register highly personal private informatio…
miramar fighter pilots aren t flying enough  congress members warn  via  sdut  important piece by  jptstewart 
met with ambassador fernando oris de roa of  arginusa to discuss the important relationship between argentina and…
join me for the house small business committee hearing march 12 at 10am at the  jaxchamber  as we examine the chall…
join me on wednesday april 12th at 2 30pm for the future forum student town hall at the rialto center for the arts …
excited to meet with these minnesota representatives of the ffa today on national ag day  the ffa is committed to he…
sounds like a start
rt  whiphoyer  the bill passed by  housegop last night is further proof of their inability to govern  it s time for them to work with democ…
rt  usda  today we honor our farmers  ranchers and foresters  and celebrate the abundance provided by agriculture  happy ag day
so powerful  what a beautiful way to mark a tragic history 
1 advantage of being just 1 year shy of social security is that i can see how far we have come as a nation since 19…
another study shows the g o p tax scam overwhelmingly benefits the wealthiest americans  giving a  17 billion break to…
a step that is essential if the territory is going to overcome its severe—and worsening—economic  fiscal and demographic crisis
rt  alzga  alz advocates helping serve ga-13 constituents  repdavidscott s annual health fair  thank you for the opportunity  e n d alz
rt  kylegriffin1  contentious exchange between between rep  tonko and pruitt  who says he wasn t aware of the process behind the big raises…
a must-read by  katrinanation  the people – not the wealthy special interests – should call the shots in washington 
rt  scdforum  t3  have you heard about sickle cell disease research  surveillance  prevention  and treatment act  h r  2410  bill by  repda…
rt  thebuffalonews  rep  brian higgins says there s  palpable excitement  for a high line park along the old dl&w railroad line in buffalo…
congrats to double dip in chariton &  buffalotavern1 in bur for being named runners up to  iowapork s 2017 best pork tenderloin title
california is leading a coalition of 17 ags in requesting an expedited ruling on our motion intervene in texas v …
my condolences are with officer santander s family during this difficult time  may we continue to show our support…
rt  housebudgetdems  ranking member  repjohnyarmuth s opening remarks at today s fy19 budget members  day hearing 
rt  bigislandnews  10 am eruption update  dangerous levels of sulfur dioxide gas reported
today on international womens day we celebrate the contributions of women in science  business  government  technolo…
an attack on solar energy is an attack on the countless hardworking nevadans & americans across the country who ben…
today marks the 8th anniversary of the  aca   i m proud to have introduced the gender equity in health premiums act …
we must continue to work towards a solution that will protect soldiers from unfair collection efforts in the future
 potus has apparently changed his mind  yet again  this was not a two-sided affair  stop defending neo-nazis and th…
learn more about the competition  eligibility  and how to enter at
mahalo to the staff and supporters of the molokai community health center for talking story with us yesterday about…
rt  kadyrtoktogulov  great to see  repdinatitus today to discuss steps to strengthen kyrgyz-us cooperation  including between kyrgyz and us…
this is not who we are  this must end 
rt  cunningham61  just received my preordered copy of  repsteveisrael  s big guns in the mail  looking forward to thursday s official relea…
pleased to announce nearly  329 000 in federal funding to help veterans who are homeless in ventura county  it is s…
 realdonaldtrump who is jeff session  a nation awaits   
happening now—i m questioning  ajitpaifcc about actions he has taken to impact & disrupt the lives of nearly every…
i m relieved that the senseless trump shutdown has ended  but the underlying reasons that led to it have not gone a…
during womens history month   repmarcykaptur becomes the longest-serving woman in u s  house history  congratulations  women make history
happy to attend the canton town meeting last night  my thanks to town moderator dick staiti for allowing me to prov…
very productive problem solvers caucus meeting with special guests  former pennsylvania governor  govedrendell and…
rt  sustainableag  this is  1 40 per meal  this is not an extravagant giveaway  the facts matter  these people matter  -  repmcgovern  snap… 
and not the court of public opinion  the distribution of this document  which includes only select information pres…
video  today  40 school walkouts were planned in maine  yesterday s blizzard postponed many of these efforts  but…
i want to thank  repcharliecrist for cosponsoring the house bill to save net neutrality 
every day  philly welcomes refugees who help our city thrive  on world refugee day  i stand with refugees in our city of brotherly love 
i m devastated by the passing of my dear friend and colleague   louiseslaughter  new york  the congress and the co…
thank you  thinktechhi for an engaging conversation on renewable energy and transportation  check it out later today https //t co/53gzq0cwrv
for far too long  dreamers have been left in limbo while congress and the president play politics with their future…
the g o p tax scam and the trump budget prioritizes the 1% and leaves working families  the middle class and small bus…
the american people have lost faith in the epa  i am supporting a resolution that calls for  epascottpruitt s immed…
rt  naral  rep   janschakowsky   all we re asking for is a poster to be displayed in fake women s health centers that tells the truth  that…
i had a productive meeting today with the incoming president & ceo of the independent community bankers of america…
join me on saturday at  imsa_ for an interactive s t e mconnect event 
rt  georgetownlaw   repjerrynadler  repsarbanes  georgetownicap  brucefeinesq  vicnourse  the current leadership in the house are suffering…
rt  jaclyncorin  sign this petition in support of march for our lives 🖊
read my statement on  nytimes report that president  realdonaldtrump s lawyer suggested pardoning general flynn and…
rt  housebudgetdems  this was a driving force behind the deficit-busting g o ptaxscam all along  justifying massive cuts to medicare and soc…
taking action to support teacher health and well-being is necessary for a productive school environment  it s why i…
grateful for the opportunity to speak at the communities in schools of lakewood champions for youth breakfast this…
my prayers are with the people of muenster and all of germany as they mourn the victims of and recover from this tr…
it s time to put an end to the out-of-control growth of prescription drug prices  a better deal
read my letter to secretary kirstjen nielsen here 
70   gop  voted against referring impeachment to committee  instead wanting vote on impeaching i r s commissioner  cooler heads prevailed  /7
always a pleasure to have the american legion drop by  if you re a veteran who needs help with backlogged benefits…
polluting pruitt has proposed drastic budget cuts  epa programs that protect americans  health – all while wasting…
today i introduced a bill that would create family-sustaining jobs  help small businesses save money  and make amer…
fourth   epascottpruitt is depriving the public of the fair process the law requires   epa s proposed repeal is bei…
rt  officialcbc  happy belated birthday   reprobinkelly  d-il-02   rep  kelly is passionate about ending health disparities and gun violenc…
 niambi_79 great talking with you today 
the teachers i meet today in alabama s 7th district are heroes who work every day to give our kids the learning opp…
in recognition of national infrastructure week  we need to focus on how we can re-invest in our bridges  airports  r…
more than three months into 2018  the average american woman is finally catching up to the average american man s w…
my heart breaks for the lives lost in florida today  mass shootings have become unacceptably commonplace in our c…
rt  repmarcykaptur    housegop has been kicking the can down the road and neglecting to do their jobs  among the list of priorities the gop…
we are bringing pallets with 5200 pounds of supplies from the people of chicago to the people of puerto rico chic…
scott pruitt refuses to address climate change or protect our clean air and water  meanwhile  he has abused his pos…
we honor dr  king s legacy through service to our community and adherence to the philosophy & discipline of nonviol…
rt  teampelosi  retweet if you stand with nancy --- and you re ready to take back the house in 2018  fight for15 htt…
and it begins   what will next to be rolled back  fair pay
russian trolls didn t just attack our democracy  they directly targeted divisions in milwaukee  tearing at our vib…
 icymi  today i urged  ustreasury 2 send fincen records so congress can get 2 the bottom of alleged trump/russia tie…
 nometrealtors  nickalbares we are gearing up for our final two questions  ask the experts
dc residents  join us tomorrow for the local rallyfor d c lives at folger park  3rd and d st  se  at 9 00am before we…
born in hot wells  texas in 1918  mary kay ash faced sexism in the business industry as a talented female salesman …
trump s number one priority should be protecting this country  his actions show that he will not do that  which jus…
rt  barackobama   no one is born hating another person because of the color of his skin or his background or his religion    
rt  ledgeking    reppaultonko blisters  epascottpruitt at house energy and commerce hearing   you have failed as a steward of taxpayer doll…
thank you  replujangrisham &  hispaniccaucus for adding your voices to those denouncing this on-going crisis | chc…
scott pruitt has cast a cloud of corruption over the epa  and it s time for him to go  we need an epa administrator…
this afternoon  i sat down with  ccaa_updates to discuss obstacles in improving banking  financial services  and ec…
this morning  i was privileged to be at a moving medal of honor ceremony for the brave members of the u s  capitol…
   these judgeships permanent  i am pleased that congress took action 
 icymi  rep  tulsi gabbard returns to kauai to support recovery  deliver supplies  assess long-term damages…
rt  whiphoyer  wishing a happy birthday to my friend   repdwightevans  thank you for your leadership and commitment to ensuring all working…
i want to thank  repsires for cosponsoring the house bill to save net neutrality 
it was my honor to be the author of the health equity and accountability act in 2014  and look forward to being an…
thank you to  tmobile for pledging to hire 10 000 veterans and military spouses in the next five years
i m still accepting submissions for the congressional art competition  find more information on my website by click…
rt  bdnconnection  icymi   repmarkpocan spent time away from d c  in beloit  we caught up with the congressman who says it s a tough time t…
rt  repjoekennedy  on may 4  2017  all of these men gleefully celebrated passing a bill that would have taken mental health care from milli…
i led 17 house colleagues in urging the  fec to take stronger action to prevent foreign agents from continuing to m…
i hope that you will be able to join our upcoming parent power this saturday  may 19th from 9 00 a m  to 2 00 p m …
🆕conyers bill to add more judges to  detroit  bankruptcy court set to become law🆕
rt  caucusonclimate  no matter what trump does or tweets  the  caucusonclimate is still in the paris agreement 
all this talk of entitlement reform when citizens pay into a system for their social security and medicare  should…
rt  dwgregoire   budgets are real  they tell the story of what our values are    nikiinthehouse at the  495mwptnership annual conference…
need help with a federal agency  my staff will be in stillwater tomorrow to assist  learn more & make an appointm…
the gop tax plan reduces the rate on the largest corporations by over one-third and lowers the top rate paid by millionaires 
after serving our country  veterans deserve our support to restart their lives back at home  the sba s network of v…
yesterday  i held a media availability for laredo media partners with the  cityoflaredotx mayor pete saenz and nuev…
 jaketapper sorry  not sorry   repmikecapuano fly eagels fly
my bill will give utility companies the ability to rapidly remove hazardous trees & plants by receiving preapproval…
rt  fl_wildcorridor  will you help us spread the word about our upcoming heartland2 headwaters expedition  retweet this tweet and tell us w…
rt  alduk72   fundermueller  alangrayson  drdenagrayson  steph56renee  christynroyce  frances_fisher  rickoverton love it  maga = muelle…
on the campaign trail   realdonaldtrump wasn t shy about promising he d cut the cost of prescription drug prices by…
 otd  in 1845 texas joined the union  happy birthday texas  
rt  nometrealtors   reprichmond  nickalbares they have fewer incentives to buy  and many who do will pay more than renters in many cases   …
on tax day  here is a look at another broken promise about the g o p tax scam  the law has not raised wages  instead …
in case you missed it  here s the video of my second televised debate on  prairiepublic
rt  whiphoyer    realdonaldtrump & congressional republicans said their g o p tax scam wouldn t benefit the wealthy  but the numbers tell a di…
california is home to more daca recipients than any other state  which is why  repjeffdenham and i worked together…
president trump promised to protect dreamers - instead  he decided to end  daca  and has rejected all bipartisan pr…
dr  martin luther king jr  fought for freedom  opportunity  and justice for all  today we remember his words and ac…
rt  cnnbrk  at the congressional hearing  rep  jan schakowsky read a list of apologies from mark zuckerberg over the years   it seems to me…
rt  chrismckenna845  rep sean maloney lauds late newburgh mayor judy kennedy and late assemblyman frank skartados - both of whom succumbed…
trump talks tough on north korea  but he s unwilling to pressure china sufficiently  in 2017  north korea made mor…
rt  fetzer_paige   chriscoons announcing our dell policy hack winning team  dell experience  sxsw   dellinnovators
i ve said it once  but i ll say it again  if  epascottpruitt cared as much about science and the environment as he…
this administration s response to the opioid crisis is pathetic  trump didn t even give his own commission feedback…
rt  seandsalas  inspired by  lorettasanchez   latinos - if you do not create jobs - we won t have any  juntos adelante  tlcwcs16 
after ncaa decisions on u of l and unc  they have said to every college  don t cooperate  don t tell the truth  don…
rt  repteddeutch  while i am home in parkland the house will pause for a moment of silence  i appreciate the thoughts & prayers of my colle…
on holocaust remembrance day we remember all the millions of innocent lives that perished due to hatred and bigotry …
today i met with members of the national retail federation  we discussed the ongoing negotiations of nafta  left…
corporate stock buybacks this year now exceed  400 billion  mostly thanks to the tax scam bill  that s enough to…
this weekend  be sure to  get in your sanctuary  at  noaa_cinms  i love my sanctuary
have had 2 great stops  so far  as part of national startupday  great meeting with folks at  coworktcc   thinkmeld…
rt  marichelvt  thank you  peterwelch for your support of all those living with ms  m sactivist  msppc2018 
gracias a todos los que trabajan para reestablecer la normalidad 
the iran deal is a collective international agreement that saw the united states along with china  russia  france …
polluting pruitt s serious ethical lapses continue to pile up  monday  the  usgao concluded epa broke the law in co…
rt  cspanwj  rep  bill pascrell  d-nj  talks about the impact of the gop tax legislation & house democrats  strategy for 2018
thankfully  our courts have ruled that today s arbitrary deadline cannot be enforced  but this does not mean this i…
rt  joebiden  no  not in america  we must be stronger  more determined and more united than ever  racism and hate have no place here  char…
correct  we have had 16 votes in the house over the past year seeking oversight on  potus tax returns  and…
gearupworks everywhere  
happy easter from our family to yours  wishing you a calm  joyful day celebrating with family and friends 
  potus needs a strategy to ensure the safety and security of our allied peacekeeping forces in harm s way 
office of the special counsel must be protected  after 2 trump attempts to fire mueller  discharge petition for h r…
happy mother s day  i hope all the moms out there have a terrific day today 
the constitution calls for a census based on population in order to ensure accuracy  fair representation  and equal…
attention dreamers  you can apply to renew your daca  if you meet the requirements for daca renewal  you should a…
rt  shrivercenter  we re proud to stand with   repespaillat   repzoelofgren  &  repraulgrijalva against the trump administration s latest a…
 whitehouse my colleagues and i sent a letter to mr  pruitt formally expressing our concerns over possible conflict…
rep  cicilline s senior resources fair is a great opportunity for seniors  adults with disabilities and caregivers…
the anti-theft collection boxes  pictured below  have smaller slots that make it more difficult for thieves to stea…
encouraging discussion at the wh yesterday  presidential leadership needed to drive action on common-sense…
congrats tina brigalias on receiving the economic growth award at the  winslowtownship business breakfast …
i m proud to introduce legislation with bipartisan support that will improve airport passenger safety a year after…
congratulations to the  goldenknights on making it to the western conference finals  your hard work is paying off …
freedom caucus willing to sell farm bill votes to derail dreamer legislation  i thought they wanted to let the hous…
speaker ryan won t let a bill with a daca fix come to the floor  which caused the trump shutdown  my guess is that…
50 years ago today  we lost an american icon  dr  king s undying vision of a world free from racial and economic in…
rt  hfacdemocrats  rm  repeliotengel s statement on the chemical weapons attack in syria 
rt  delbiz  small business owners are getting a new way to raise capital   johncarneyde hailed the delaware general assembly s passage of a…
rt  federaltimes  trump executive order to reprioritize authorities of it leadership
joining  katyturnbc on  meetthepress now to discuss democrats in the age of  realdonaldtrump --&gt  what it means for…
on the last day of black history month  i m praying for all the black men and women who came before me  i m prayin…
rt  nrdems  join us in welcoming  nydiavelazquez to our committee  the new york congresswoman has been a fierce advocate for the people o…
asian pacific american heritage month is a time to celebrate the accomplishments and vast contributions asian pacif…
there s  400billion more student loan debt than credit card debt   amprog  congress can help 
rt  keithellison  the power of workers organizing can overcome any obstacle in its way  we can take back our democracy  and our workplaces …
 repmccaul  benniegthompson  danarohrabacher and i learning about the  portofla
rt  barackobama  there are few issues more important to the security of the us than the potential spread of nuclear weapons or the potentia…
nearly 3 years ago  i supported the agreement after constant study  briefings  and discussions  during the debate o…
february 8  2018 – the metropolitan high school  new york  new york photo   abc7ny 18/19
rt  msnbc  watch  rep  maxine waters responds to president trump reportedly saying she needs to take an  iq test  
rs in congress & president trump have just closed the fed  govt  1st time in our nation s history a govt shutdown o…
farmers markets provide a great opportunity to buy fresh food  state farmers markets are responsible for over  1b i…
rt  reploisfrankel  equal pay day recognizes that women must work 3 extra months just to earn the same pay as men  closing the gender wage ga…
this afternoon i had a great time speaking with young leaders from the rocky riviters at rock island high school  w…
through training and funding opportunities   sbagov helps women entrepreneurs launch new businesses and compete in…
rt  grammyadvocacy  tonight s g r a m m ys on the hill honorees   repjudychu and  repdougcollins present their perspective on the music modernizat…
rt  repcohen  trump wont release his tax returns offers only praise to putin isn t concerned about russia s interference in election doesn …
si el pueblo de pr ratifica su apoyo por la estadidad  como espero que lo haga  le corresponderá al congreso implantar ese resultado 
it was great to join fellow elected officials  community leaders  school district personnel  students and their fam…
at the  sotu  president trump talked about putting our country first  we simply cannot have an  america first  agend…
for too long  communities like zion have been saddled with housing our nation s stranded nuclear waste while the fe…
rt  vtstateparks  bluebird day in smugglers  notch state park -- via ranger aaron  vt  vermont happy friday
tune in to channel 5 at 11am today  i ll be talking to  wuwcvb and  edwcvb during wcvb s on the record 
8 yrs ago  president obama signed the  aca   which i helped write  in new hampshire  63k gained insurance 7 5k a…
rt  oversightdems    repcummings also highlighted press reports that jared kushner continues to have access to national security info even…
it was an honor to have received the james o hara leadership award from the committee for education funding  cef    
thank you   repmialove 
rt  shannonbream  need your help twitterverse - trying to help a young boy who is dying  he probably has just days and all he want is a gre…
rt  houstonrockets  rt to congratulate the squad on a big game 1 win  run as one 🤘
  govwalker &  realdonaldtrump are making it more difficult for struggling families to receive the support they nee…
rt  repjohnlewis  i ve marched  protested  been beaten and arrested--all for the right to vote  friends of mine gave their lives  honor the…
leave  here s the 🚪 boot pruitt
rt  jonathanchait  now each of us just need to read the plans and decide which is the one true path and which four are evil corporate sello…
a5  i wholeheartedly believe that the environment is the issue of the 21st century  we have to get this right 
two years ago  then-candidate donald trump stood at a podium in midwestern america and promised to  end this war on…
 potus calls reimbursement for  aca  mandate a bailout  here s why he s wrong 
happy national teacher appreciation week to all the hardworking teachers in texas  thank you for educating  mentori…
rt  reptimwalz  2 million people will have their access to food threatened if the  housegop passes their hyper-partisan farm bill  that s…
our vets deserve access to every form of safe  effective relief there is — and i hear from vets more and more every…
today the house passed an omnibus spending bill that funds the federal gov through the end of september  this bill…
rt  brnagnews_amie  congresswoman cheri bustos of illinois says the elimination of the energy title in the farm bill is a concern 
rt  pauavil   the moment is long overdue for el salvador  the dominican republic and nations around the world to end their total abortion b…
rt  morethanmysle  please join me w/ repmaloney today at 5 p m  we will be on her timeline discussing healthcare and my meetings throughout…
it has been 6 months after maria and thousands of americans in puerto rico are still without power  permanent shelter…
at the california department of justice  we will continue to fight to make sure that consumers  personal informatio…
mueller needs to be protected and i ll do everything i can as a member of congress to make sure that he is  check…
couldn t be more proud of  uakron seniors stephen and brett  they collaborated with cooper meshew  a 14-year-old wi…
in honor of women s history month  will drop my top ten list of dopest female mc collaborations of all time beginni…
rt  bor  happy valentine s day  america  let s get trump s tax returns 
trump blew up the budget deficit by giving huge tax cuts to billionaires  now he wants to use that as an excuse t…
we grieve for the lives lost in the parkland shooting  every day congress fails to enact commonsense gun reform leg…
the more the american people learn about the republican tax bill  the more they will reject it  just as every democ…
martin luther king s message was one of hope  that in the face of the worst  we should strive for the best  he show…
please be weather alert tonight and have a safety/shelter plan  here is a helpful list of community shelters across…
today i joined experts from  co_cdhs and  swedishmedical to discuss the federal response to the opioid crisis  man…
as we work to address border security  we must ensure that any plan we enact is humane  effective  and fiscally res…
live  president trump s omb director is testifying before the house budget committee right now  watch here 
in case you missed it  my full statement on inter korean summit on friday
nevermore than girlpower from  alonsohigh ravens at my art competition this year 🎨 very proud of these young artis…
most small-business owners say they will not hire  give raises because of the g o p tax scam 
thanks  soloncsd  you were gracious hosts  wonderful tour and great chatting with you today 
 this tragedy should never have happened in flint  and it should never happen anywhere in america ever again  …
i was disappointed in the president s  sotu  address tonight  once again  president trump has failed to unite the co…
today s an opportunity to recognize all of the fathers & important men in our lives  have a very happy and healthy fathers day2017
high medical expenses should never be the reason why families can t afford to pay other bills on time or buy grocer…
congratulations to el camino real charter high school for winning the 2018 u s  academic decathlon  el camino has w…
we must stand with family caregivers 
training down to  amarch4ourlives in dc with a crew of fired up and motivated ct high schoolers  march for our lives…
g o p tax scam provision on pass-through income another huge handout to the very wealthy  new analysis confirms those…
rt  vetaffairsdems  trump should spend less time undermining 2020census & focus on questions that matter   uscensusbureau  if we are to se…
want to stay up to date with what i m doing in congress  sign up for my e-newsletter 
great to stop by the homefront program s build day in vernon on saturday to witness some of the fantastic work thi…
rt  adamschefter  colin kaepernick was honored today with amnesty international s 2018 ambassador of conscience award  which is given annua…
our nation s teachers deserve better pay and more resources  not higher taxes  g o p tax scam
gop farm bill released today would harm our most vulnerable and leave farmers ill prepared for the challenges & opp…
shameful  congress must protect trans troops from this unconstitutional attack 
holocaust remembrance day is a somber reminder of the millions who were murdered during this horrific period in our…
reading over the text of the farm bill & stunned to discover some of my colleague s still insist on cutting crucial…
this year marks the 60th anniversary of the santa cruz symphony  i had the opportunity to celebrate this wonderful…
it was not so long ago that president trump was endorsing gun safety reforms and saying gop congress was  scared  o…
good to see people s baptist church  pastortimbutler and his wife during their visit to washington  dc today  thank…
rt  oftonawanda  new website
why do we send our teachers to educate our children without properly equipping them with the tools necessary for su…
this afternoon i visited charlton to meet with town administrators and department heads about local/federal partne…
by my last count  trump has tweeted 22 times about how bad leakers are-i guess he only likes them if they are his f…
this may be the biggest lie trump has told in office 
happy to share an update on issues in dc to a full room with  kcchamber  thank you  kcchambergov for the strong wor…
september is suicide prevention month  if you  or a veteran you know is in crisis  help can be found at the veterans…
since may is mental health awareness month  we re giving grants to community based organizations in la county which…
today i joined some friends from the wa building & construction trades to hear how they re helping folks get the sk…
rt  repcardenas      the g o p tax scam is just another way to claim we can t afford medicaid for california children  tax day
thrilled to be in lyons this evening for a town hall  hearing directly from community members 
have a happy easter with your family & friends 
tax cuts don t pay for themselves  so how do republicans want to pay for the g o p tax scam  by cutting crucial benefi…
it is the right thing to do  we owe it to all delaware women to pass this legislation  i want to recognize all the…
this is a problem  see  housejuddems letter to  repgoodlatte from last week expressing our concern over…
great to join my friends from the paralyzed veterans of america   pva1946  nevada chapter at their annual awards ba…
i hope to see many of you next wednesday for an open house at my antioch office 
it s tax day  gop tax cut is nothing but a gift to the super rich and a bill for the middle class  the wealthy are…
honored to have led the charge to honor the men and women of the office of strategic services with the congressiona…
i ll be live on  allinwithchris in just a few minutes with my colleague  hurdonthehill to discuss the u s aact  our…
this partnership launched by  humanlongevity and  firefighteraid is a great example of san diego s public-private c…
despite republicans allowing them to go w/o funding for 5 mos  democrats won a 10 yr extension of chip  an increase…
and we can t forget  housegop s current 1 agenda item --- a farm bill that will gut food stamp programs and make a…
it s not where you think it is  watch  where in the world is it easiest to get rich  | harald eia | tedxoslo…
clean drinking water is a basic human right  let s ensure the safety of flint families & help them recover …
house gop s  balanced budget amendment  would mean slashing social security  medicare  medicaid & other programs we…
rt  daniellelvabner  today is my sis  10th bday  her twin noah was killed at sandy hook  these are hard times  but i believe love always w…
no words to describe the shock and sadness of another tragic shooting in my home state  praying for the safety of s…
skipping inauguration  repjohnlewis a civil rights hero  enormous responsibility to be potus i respect the office  can t tolerate disrespect
rt  repteddeutch  the students of stoneman douglas have been clear – america must neveragain allow the profits of gun manufacturers to com…
i grew up believing in an america that stands tall by leading international coalitions  keeping its promises & doin…
protecting the d r e a mers isn t a partisan issue  both democrats & republicans agree we must find a legislative solu…
arbor day is a great occasion to celebrate the 8  ma3  cities towns   1 air force base  designated tree city usa com…
want to take part in drafting legislation to combat the opioid crisis  visit where you can…
i ve requested local  state and federal stakeholders join me on may 11 for a meeting to determine the best plan of…
on this day in 1949  president harry s truman formally signed the treaty establishing nato - the most powerful mili…
rt  sensanders  join me   repmarkpocan  our colleagues and union leaders as we introduce the workplace democracy act  which would strengthe…
congratulations to zachary medeiros of  westfield_ma who was appointed to the  navalacademy  a great day for zachar…
thank you  cecilerichards for being a champion for women s health care and leading  ppfa with such grace  courage …
ramadan kareem to muslims in the u s  and around the world  this period of spirituality and self-reflection also pr…
black  hispanic & low-income students have the highest risk of exposure to harmful toxins in the air …
may is national foster care month  this month  we honor the successes and challenges of the more than 400k foster you…
the murder of innocent men  women  and children using chemical weapons was a crime against humanity  for which pres…
rt  monitornews  va staff being trained to file medical claims quicker |  rgv  via  valleystar
absolutely egregious  at an industry conference for big banks   mickmulvaneyomb  or is it  cfpbdirector mulvaney  …
looking forward to seeing everyone tomorrow at  politicsprose bookstore  bigguns satire summerreading amreading
representatives of  liuna from nj emphasized pressing issues for american workers and infrastructure s ability to c…
2/2 runner ups include  free america robles  kairui lin  brayan salas  koey zhang and marlen penafort all of our…
i urge speaker ryan to address puerto rico s medicaid cliff  without help  an estimated 900 000 americans will be without health coverage 
thank you to everyone who came out to support  juliabrownley for congress in ventura  let s  gotv  in  ca26 
rt  fenwickfriars  on wednesday evening  oak park celebrated the appointment of fenwick friars casey mccormick  18 to the u s  naval academ…
my statement on the president s state of the union address   sotu 
higher premiums and fewer people covered  is this your idea of fixing our healthcare system   realdonaldtrump 
the president calls putin — not to condemn him for using a nerve agent in britain or interfering in our election —…
spoke with concordia students this morning about the importance of allowing student loan refinancing 
this week  i joined other members of congress to honor our friend  rep  louise slaughter  who passed last month  ta…
we are urging congress to hold hearings asap on gun violence prevention  the ban on using hhs funds for gun violenc…
what do oscar-winning movies dunkirk  call me by your name  phantom thread  and i  tonya all have in common  they w…
during our hearing  vicki o leary  general organizer for  theironworkers  shared the heartbreaking story of outi hi…
do you want to end gun violence  here s how we start  pass legislation to strengthen background checks  i m a prou…
mark s kindness  generosity of spirit  & principled conduct inspired all around him to be better people mahalo mark
enjoyed the privilege of addressing the minnesota state building and construction trades council at their legislati…
getting ready for bruce lee exhibit  winglukemuseum do you know bruce
treasury will finally punish russian individuals who  for the most part  were already indicted or subject to sancti…
 jacksonleetx18 prayers are with president george h w  bush and praying god s grace for his recovery bush41…
thank you to amundsen high school for hosting our town hall for our lives today 
great review of big guns in  pittsburghpg 
never before has the credibility of the united states been so undermined by a gross failure to honor our commitments 
trumpcare would have stolen health care from more than 2 5 million california families  while raising costs for ma…
congratulations to the madison county basketball team  way to make history  go cowboys
rt  momsrising  thank you   lorettasanchez  for supporting working families by co-sponsoring the healthy families act  paidsickdays
rt  pbump  trump s nominee to serve as head of the council on environmental quality doesn t know if water expands as it warms 
congress  back in 1982  passed the nuclear waste policy act  directing u s  department of energy  doe  and nuclear…
my office is here to help vets get the medals and awards they ve earned – we ve helped literally hundreds of vetera…
facebook makes more money annually than southwest airlines  mcdonald s and visa  what if these companies were allow…
on february 14  1859  oregon joined the union  happy birthday to the beaver state 
these types of stories need to be read  understood  and remembered  they offer a window into the sacrifices our ser…
 how are we in america being true to the foundation of our democracy   with liberty and justice for all   when we d…
today s  ymcalouisville black achievers health fair & open house at the chestnut street family ymca is full of grea…
the president s new economic advisor has a track record of getting big questions wrong 
thanks for all that you do  it was great meeting with you 
i met with students from bloomfield hills today  we need to make sure that weapons of war are not turned on our chi…
rt  mikekhaderccp  happening this saturday- i m hosting a free health fair with dozens of health-related vendors on hand to perform free te…
rt  davidgusitsch  us rep  jahimes speaking to  nchs_ct students during the current events cafe this afternoon  amazing opportunity for all…
 if we re going to give kids a first chance to succeed  what better place to start  than fighting childhood hunger …
proud to earn a 100% l c v scorecard for my work to combat climate change & protect the public s health 
ramadan mubarak to all of our muslim friends in michigan and around the world 
saddened to hear about the passing of a good friend  louiseslaughter this morning  she dedicated her life to public…
as your representative in congress  i am here to serve you- and so is my staff  this week  i m highlighting some of…
i held a signing ceremony for my  subpoena  of chairman  repgoodlatte and you ll see i am just as proud of being ab…
stop one in madein i l10 was  bellfandf in northbrook  i appreciate jim heinz and his team for showing me how they d…
if this bill becomes law  at least 24 million americans who can see their doctors today will be turned away tomorrow 
medicare s conflicting hospitalization rules can cost seniors thousands of dollars in medical expenses for skilled…
family unity is recognized as a fundamental human right  enshrined in international law  the trump administration s…
my first amendments to improve  dhsgov and keep  usa  safe just passed 
it s been a pleasure working with  sbindpndnt over the years  thank you for your thoughtful reporting on our commun…
this isn t a plan  it s a series of meaningless talking points that will do nothing to help hardworking americans w…
great to see tampa students representing us in dc to urge never again inspired
rampant voter suppression prevents the formerly incarcerated from exercising their voting rights  glad to see the…
i had a great time attending the socks for veterans assembling event  it was amazing to…
the g o p budget shows trump s priorities  guts care for seniors and vets & slashes   for students  but gives millionaires a huge tax break 
at the current rate  women won t win equal pay until 2059  for many women of color  equal pay is even farther away …
 middle-class tax cut    the forgotten men and women of our country  forgotten no longer  not so much under the ta…
rt  capitalcaring  thanks to rep   gerryconnolly and his staff for meeting with the  capitalcaring team to discuss transforming care for th…
without the d r e a m act  our economy would lose  460 3 billion from the national gdp over the next decade  it s time…
rt  housedemocrats  senate republicans  have the votes  for a bill the american people have not seen  this is a scam 
after spending  2 trillion on tax cuts for the super-wealthy  the trump administration wants to claim they care abo…
blaming video games for violence is a road to undermining the 1st amendment  and is further proof that trump  the g…
humbled to be recognized by  sonomavintners  our district is a leader in winemaking and i am proud to stand with so…
as rescue workers continue to search for survivors  my thoughts and prayers are with the people of italy during this disaster 
last year  a bipartisan group of lawmakers warned against a saudi-uae attack on yemen s hodeida port  a lifeline fo…
congress must pass legislation to protect dreamers before we leave for the holidays  nearly 90% of americans - incl…
this mothers day  i stand with immigrant mothers simply seeking a better life for their children  we must stop inhu…
rt  housebudgetdems   1 5 trillion could fix a lot of crumbling roads and bridges – all of them  in fact  g o p tax scam sotu
and thank you for all you do to ensure our national security 
west virginia  kentucky  oklahoma  arizona    this is pretty simple  pay the teachers  and buy the kids some new b…
rt  breakingweather  2018 spring allergy forecast  pollen levels will soar early in the southeast while the mid-atlantic is spared a harsh…
tess and i took an earth day hike around snake lake in tacoma  ducks turtles earth day
great to speak to students at queens college s africana studies program  spoke about modernizing and streamlining v…
•withdrew a proposed rule reducing air pollutants at sewage treatment plants •scrubbed the content of the  epa webs…
rt  nancypelosi  wishing the very best to  repanthonybrown  rest up & we ll see you back in the people s house soon 
great turnout at this year s  lvwtechawards hosted by  ncwit_vegas  we must continue to work on closing the gender…
the safe drinking water act is to ensure clean drinking water for communities across america  not give pay raises t…
per a whistleblower at  hhsgov  a policy to defund  ppfa was written by a designated hate group  not a gov t employ…
on behalf of  ny09   chag sameach  i send my best wishes to the families and communities who begin their passover c…
the trump fcc repeal of net neutrality goes into effect today – urgent action needed by congress to reverse course …
corporations are not people & money is not speech  proud to cosponsor democracy4 all amendment to overturn citizens united  get money out
today we commemorate holocaust remembrance day  six million jews and millions more lost their lives in the holocaust…
i want students in oregon and around the country to have the same chance to succeed and to reach for a better future 
rt  sensherrodbrown  from the department of you can t make this up  the senate is considering a bill right now that nonpartisan experts at…
rt  npr  with the inspector general s review of trump s hotel  democratic rep  peter defazio may finally get what he wants 
thank you again park forest community for inviting me to speak  together  we will keep fighting to save lives …
happy  iwd2018   as we celebrate and reflect on the achievements of women in our community and around the world toda…
another incredible discussion with our young student leaders at st  helena high school tonight  these students are…
rt  delawaredot  friday facts  you can do that on the app  report road conditions directly to our transportation management center  tmc  by…
here s me on the house floor speaking in favor of the s t o p school violence act 
rt  cohhio  thank you  repbeatty for your vote for housing in fy18 appropriations bill & support for rental assistance  homeless grants & r…
 thetinydiplomat  astrostarbright  bravery_mag  allawsonjr  ava  stormreid  wrinkleintime  firstbook  maejemison i…
rt  bruceahartman1   drdenagrayson  alangrayson done   good luck to alan and thank you to both of you for your tireless effort to speak out…
rt  devine_don   ncuscr  rhodium_group dan rosen kicks off panel discussion on us-china foreign direct investment
 senatorreid has been fighting for nevada and americans for as long as i can remember - if anyone can punch out can…
since the gop tax bill was passed  corporations have spent  -  6 billion on pay raises and bonuses  -  173 billion…
glad these resources will be delivered to salem  adding more transit options will support jobs and unlock opportuni…
congratulations to the san antonio elementary school science fair winners  the 1st place winners will now compete i…
rt  repjohnyarmuth  a statement on the ongoing violence in gaza from me   janschakowsky   repdavideprice   replloyddoggett   repblumenauer …
rt  louiseslaughter  this womens equality day  let s celebrate the progress we ve won knowing there s more work to do for full equality  htt…
interested in education issues  then you don t want to miss my education newsletter  check it out here and be sure…
rt  repteddeutch  after a gunman shot four officers and took the life of ofc jake laird  indiana passed a bipartisan law to allow police to…
you don t hear  gop talk much about their taxscam anymore because it was a very bad deal  they want to cut…
i posted a new photo to facebook
today in minnesota  we honor our hmong and lao veterans for their service and sacrifice  i m proud to have supporte…
this decision sends a shameful message to folks across the country--and frankly  to the rest of the world--that the…
as  realdonaldtrump visits his border wall prototypes  we are reminded of these striking words from president reaga…
helped pass the women s business centers improvements act of 2018 to expand the grants available to women who want…
no argument here 👍
read my op-ed in  orlandoweekly on caring for children born to parents addicted to opioids  orlandosentinel…
on this may day  proud to stand with activists and community leaders  so much is at risk because of…
at  scotus  this morning for the defense of california s fact act  womens health
voting for the 2018 fifth district congressional art competition is now open  vote here 
reminder  tax day is tuesday  april 17  if you haven t filed your taxes yet this year  free tax help may be availab…
now more than ever martin luther king s words ring true  we must continue to be inspired and lead the charge agains…
i am thrilled that two edinburg cisd schools were named 2016 national blue ribbon schools by the u s  secretary   
congratulations to the  houstonrockets on clinching the number 1 seed in the western conference n b a playoffs and fi…
the iran deal is not perfect  but it is our best chance to preserve peace and security  president trump has yet to…
like isolde  a teacher at new horizons  told me   tackling the achievement gap starts right here  🍎
rt  gyrig_kc   repcleaver was such a great sport today  it was a treat to meet with him and his wonderful staff  thank you so much for ever…
no matter where you live or how much you make  the internet should be accessible and open to you  that s why i hav…
thanks to all who stopped by at this weekend s open office hours so i could hear your concerns first- hand 
tomorrow the atlanta passport agency will host their february passport day on saturday  feb  10  8am - 12 noon  to…
outrageous lack of awareness from  betsydevosed about the failure of school choice in mi & across the us  we should…
the federal debt has hit  21 trillion under the trump administration  when our country is in this precarious state …
rep  tulsi gabbard helped launch the bipartisan fourth amendment caucus to protect the privacy & security of americ…
  mclyburnfcc leaves behind a record of fighting to keep families connected & making sure the fcc paid attention to…
rt  kristindavis  the pleasure was all mine  reploisfrankel   you are so well educated on the situation and so obviously a formidable warri…
today  dr  king s legacy is a guiding light  as we push and pull for a more just and more equal society  dr king s…
i ve called for a national boycott of any vehicle company that fails to meet  airresources standards  the…
the practice of punishing parents who are trying to save their children s lives  and punishing children for being b…
hard to imagine the us w/o social security providing earned benefits to 59 mil americans  let s protect it for our kids  social security80
donald trump continues his assault on low-income families   washingtonpost reports ben carson will propose rent inc…
another amazing revive civility tour stop at  colsschforgirls  see for yourself ⬇️
naps are okay  but i thought i hid the cupcakes  yogurt &gt  hostess 
to our sikh american friends  neighbors & co-workers  happy vaisakhi 
the sad drama continues  awaiting senate reaction on funding government one week at a time  simple solution  take…
today marks the deadline set by president trump when he made the harmful and unnecessary decision to end  daca   lea…
without net neutrality  big companies instead of consumers will choose which websites and applications we see onlin…
rt  momsdemand  tragedies like this can be prevented with responsible gun storage  be s m a r t  store guns locked  unloaded and separate from…
the g o ptaxbill will no longer let teachers deduct the money they spend on pencils  pens  and paper for their stude…
rt  officialcbc  rep   bobbyscott spoke about the justice part of the bill  jobs and justice  we all know that america has 5% of the popula…
i posted a new photo to facebook
we believe that delaware likely already has all necessary laws and regulations in place to implement full-scale spo…
great to attend the cohasset town meeting last night  very lively and thoughtful debate  impressive turnout and a g…
janice from albany wrote me last year about a drug she takes to manage her mental illness  her monthly cost went fr…
  speakerryan owes every dreamer and every community across this country that benefits from the contributions of dr…
rt  tucsonchamber  today chamber staff and some of our investors were honored to be in meetings in washington d c  with  repgosar   repraul…
people of faith want all souls2 enroll in health coverage  there is one week left in open enrollment 
incredibly grateful for the work of volunteers and fed workers from across the us who are here to help in the recov…
we re helping arizona nonprofits get grant funding  get help at our national endowment for the arts grants workshop…
american workers are the backbone of our economy  they deserve support  protections  & opportunity  labor day
rt  lynnemarek  how  loyolachicago conquered chicago s hoops scene—and has a shot at the sweet 16
my son was born that day  5/18/17   i was with my wife in san ramon  we were thrilled to be joined by my dad  a ret…
i joined  larrybeilabc7 on  abc7newsbayarea for a conversation on the trump administration s attack on vehicle envi…
and we are ready to make even more progress  protect dreamers  push for more reforms to gun laws so we can say…
pleased to join  usglc this afternoon to talk about how america s role in the world impacts  nc … 
pleased to speak on the house floor last week in support of the community civility counts initiative and the celebr…
we also discussed the critical issues currently facing community health centers  including federal funding  immigra…
at a loss of words after reading most recent remarks by  potus re  charlottesville  they are unacceptable and beyond the pale  oneside
happy birthday to my friend   repsusandavis  thank you for your work as ranking member of  edworkforcedems subcommi…
rt  oppfinance   repdwightevans  nydiavelazquez and  philatec s della clark talk access to capital for women smallbusiness owners 
the trump administration s recent dismantling of civil rights protections for  lgbtq  students is horrible & alarmi…
today marks one year of complete  gop  control of washington  what does our country have to show for it  a…
this just in  the non-partisan cbo estimates that the deficit will hit  1 trillion by 2020 and  1 5 trillion by 202…
  potus keeps breaking up immigrant families  1st nicaragua  honduras  & haiti  today s decision to not save t p s =…
trump s big infrastructure proposal is dead on arrival  it s not a plan that will really work 
rt  oversightdems  breaking   repcummings   we do not know whether flynn jr  like his father  concealed the source of russian payments for…
the case can t be more clear   epascottpruitt has mismanaged the agency  is mired in scandals and ethics violations…
here s how we start to end gun violence  pass the bipartisan thompson-king bill to strengthen america s background c…
congratulations to beth farnsworth ward for winning the 2018 congressional woman of the year award  as a reporter f…
rt  kirtland377abw  the air force & nmed co-host an open house on bff leak cleanup activities saturday  april 14  10 a m  to 2 p m  the eve…
 whataburger i ll have to wait once i go back to houston after votes thursday 
rt  reptimwalz  2 million people will have their access to food threatened if the  housegop passes their hyper-partisan farm bill  that s…
as i told house ag in the farm bill mark-up  our nation s food policy should not further divide us  the farm bill i…
today is the last day to get covered on log on to look at coverage options and choose a pl…
remembering the more than 2 403 americans killed and 1 178 wounded during the attack on pearl harbor 75 years ago   
the last thing congress should do is give president trump an even broader blank check to wage endless war  my opini…
rt  repdwightevans  indivs are being thrown into jail b/c their possession of marijuana  that s why i co-sponsored  tulsigabbard &  reptomg…
saddened to hear of the passing of former first lady barbara bush  my thoughts and prayers are with the entire bush…
rt  rokhanna  social security isn t an  entitlement  when americans have been paying into the program for their whole lives  when there are…
it s voting day in ohio  polls close today at 7 30 pm  your vote matters
i hope that potus and pm abe will commemorate pearl harbor75 in hawaii  and continue to work towards a nuclear weapon free world 
county exec ed day and local advocates joined me at the pearl river train station to oppose nj transit s decision t…
polluting pruitt is the subject of three different federal investigations for his unethical behavior  wasteful use…
rt  tictoc   if you are black or poor or latino  this is not a system that works for you    repdwightevans says at a news conference with  …
congratulations to our first  ucmerced fulbright scholar  via  mercedsunstar…
rt  brendancarrfcc  the story of american innovation continues at willow run airport in ypsilanti  mi now home to a connected car test tra…
rt  naacp   the starbucks situation provides dangerous insight regarding the failure of our nation to take implicit bias seriously    derri…
since donald trump was elected  i ve talked a lot about how we re two very different guys from queens  my upbringi…
fact  there is a law called the dickey amendment that specifically prevents the cdc from researching ways to prevent these mass shootings 
1/ i m proud to support the hudson valley s law enforcement officers and their work to protect our communities - an…
the secure act ensures needs of all students are taken into account in campus sexual assault planning & response ef…
rt  repkarenbass  members of congress should not only work to protect mueller s job  but also actively speak out against blatant efforts to…
thanks  historbilia for your environmental advocacy  you can count on me to fight to protect & enforce clean air act…
my first mentor was my mother  she pushed me to go to school  to go to college  take the next step  keep pushing  k…
 realdonaldtrump the muslim ban is still a muslim ban  regardless of how you spin it  your action does not reflect who we are  bantheban
rt  reptedlieu  proud to introduce the new collar jobs act w/  repcartwright  repanniekuster today  a better deal for american workers 
rt  floridaoceana  thank you  repedroyce   repdonbeyer and  rephuffman for your your voice to protect sharks  there s no place for the shar…
the  fcc took away a free and open internet  senate democrats are one step closer to forcing vote to…
rt  perspectiva_nac  fracasa el proyecto de ley de salud republicano  trumpcare  luego de que dos senadores más negaran el proyecto  nos vi…
freedom of press is—and always has been—a fundamental hallmark of democracy  the free world  and of course the unit…
their app  connect me  shows us the positive impact that can come from creative thinking  hard work  and technologi…
 cta and  fly2ohare are getting a total of  1 million in  epa grants to reduce diesel pollution  glad to see more…
rt  imecillinois  thank you  replipinski for being a champion of  nist_mep and the m e p national network  we appreciate your time today discu…
reports of sexual assault in the military spiked by 10% in 2017  we must continue this movement of encouraging vict…
rt  natresources  chairman bishop &  rephanabusa  when it comes to reducing the maintenance backlog at the  natlparkservice  a bipartisan c…
big news - our office has returned more than  1 million to constituents through casework this term  many people don…
rt  rainforestbook  hooray  a new voice for entrepreneurs on capitol hill 
it was great to meet you too   mikestrek  welcome to the central coast 
the white house easter egg roll is less than a week away  constituents  contact my office for a chance to win four…
i am honored to have received the 2016 lifetime literacy champion honoree award from the south texas literacy   
we can all play a role in combatting the prescription drug abuse epidemic  helping people heal  and preventing addi…
what a run  thank you   uoflwbb  for a season of simply outstanding basketball  you make our entire city proud  go cards  l1c4 
rt  indivisibleteam  we got a sneak peak at republican s one-page cbo score for graham cassidy     we re unimpressed 
ramadan mubarak  to all those celebrating around the world  i wish you a blessed ramadan
pres  trump has shown a disregard for the independence of the mueller investigation & willingness to undermine its…
student loans are crippling students across the country  but  realdonaldtrump continues to prioritize corporations…
the only way congress will be able to find real & long-term solutions to the challenges americans are facing is by…
11 11 to the brave men and women who selflessly served in defense of our great nation  we are eternally grateful  veterans day
signed onto the resolution to censure pres  trump today  i ve been deeply concerned by his racist suggestion that w…
great to meet with  ncrc today to make sure we have an economy that works for everyone 
i m incredibly grateful that such knowledgeable and dedicated health policy experts were willing to meet with me to…
rt  repjoecourtney  talk about a heavy nutmeg presence up north  u s s connecticut & u s s hartford broke through the polar icecap this weeken…
rt  countyofla  do you live in a recent burn area  be prepared for tonight s l a rain  use this map to find free sandbags in l a  county htt…
our final local manufacturer visit during the madein i l10 tour was jessup manufacturing  their adhesive tape produc…
one president took action to show the value of women s worth in the workplace  while another has dismantled progres…
online security and privacy is an issue that s more relevant now than ever  i m fighting to restore internet privac…
 2/2  our young people have always been a driving force to make positive change  i m proud of  ps_dupont students f…
shortly after introducing this bill  the obama administration put into place guidelines for school discipline  the…
rt  cmclymer  sweetie  i served six years in the army  i was infantry  trained to kill people  i think i know what role a gun does and does…
rt  housejuddems  🆕  repjerrynadler statement on  realdonaldtrump s administration including citizenship question in 2020 census
two weeks ago  i met with  potus at the  whitehouse  where he said that he wasn t afraid of the nra and we shouldn …
thanks to everyone who came out to saturday s congress at your corner  mary and i had a great time catching up with…
  realdonaldtrump is mistaken when he assumes that the rule of law no longer applies in this country  or that he is…
tune in now to  kpam860 s  first edition  with tim hohl and terry travis 
rt  coachparkinson  special thanks to congressman loebsack for visiting ls today   lshawks
it s clear that ag jeff sessions still doesn t understand the importance of diversity and inclusion within the…
help me raise the wage join our campaign for economicjustice
rt  kentuckyderby  100 days 
rt  environmentone  thank you  reppaultonko for visiting the factory today  we appreciate your time   nygov
i had pleasure of speaking to political science class at  csuci this week & meeting with some incredible students …
no child in arizona should be outside the protection of the amber alert system  this week  our commonsense fix with…
my deepest sympathies to deputy gentry s family  the highlands county sheriff s office  and his community 
what kind of a person takes away food from children  the cruel g o p farm bill threatens cuts to  snap  and free school…
enthusiastically pledged to do whatever i can to end gun violence marchforourlives baltimore w/  repsarbanes   oth…
and regarding his  mission accomplished   statement  i would like to know what the perez thinks he means vs what hi…
talked to  cnn  imolinarescnn about the importance of medical marijuana to combat opioidcrisis amongst veterans 
rt  reprobinkelly  there are already too many empty chairs at the dinner table  congress must listen to the will of the people & take actio…
wi expects people to work together to solve problems   jimpressoffice & i are working to find bipartisan solutions 
rt  ambassadorrice  pres  trump just made the worst national security decision of his presidency so far  iran deal has made the us and our…
thank you  asmautumnburke for cosponsoring  ab1795   this is a common sense change to paramedic law that will help p…
rt  repespaillat  tomorrow  repespaillat  joaquincastrotx  repjerrynadler will hold a policy roundtable discussion on immigration tuesday …
it was a pleasure to meet with josh ly… errr…  whitfordbradley yesterday to talk about the climate solutions caucus…
rt  reprokhanna  in 2017  average ceo pay increased 9 7%  while workers got a 1 5% raise  strong unions can help us reverse the growing eco…
for a president to float the idea of pardons to people who may incriminate him as a way to dissuade them from coope…
proud to announce that  colabarts of new brunswick will receive a 50k  neaarts grant to help fund its work assistin…
rt  uccancercenter  big thanks to  repbobbyrush for enthusiastically supporting  nih & thenci funding and to yardley for the great meeting …
happy new year  it s a pasadena tradition — the rose parade  a special congrats to  thecityoflcf for winning the b…
programs like  jumpstartkids and  tvccacares are tremendously successful programs & vital to our communities and sc…
pleased to welcome these south carolinians to washington during the national  4h conference  i congratulate them on…
rt  rockhursths  humbled by the words of  repcleaver this morning as he addressed our students and faculty about the legacy of dr  martin l…
today is equal pay day - the day women finally catch up to what men made in 2017  we cosponsored the paycheck fairne…
rapper  meekmill was supposed to spend up to four years in jail for violating his probation  four years for a minor…
i was a pleasure meeting with chad and deb bremmer on national ag day to congratulate them on receiving the national…
everyone wants to focus on the content with sinclair and the content is scary  but not nearly as scary as the reach…
day 11 of womens history month -  speakerryan  millions of women went to work this weekend with inadequate legal pro…
eating lunch with native youth who ran for a week to save bears ears  gallego goes to bears ears
17 roses for 17 victims  students at san ysidro high school paid a powerful tribute to the victims of the high scho…
lawyers seemingly change as fast as his shifting positions and justifications of his prior personal misconduct  no…
it was my pleasure   flcreditunions
rt  nancypelosi    realdonaldtrump has proven numerous times his disdain for the rule of law  this comment is just the latest   speakerryan…
lake county students made us so proud this week as they stood up and spoke out to honor the memory of students kill…
rt  aftunion  this private bill will get the attention of ice  carmela is not fighting alone  -  repbrady carmelalibre here to stay
great to take part in ribbon cutting ceremony for the museum of korean american heritage in nyc  thanks to the kore…
rt  nedra_robinson  the jim crow wars  honoring  cbrangel   repcorrinebrown  & civil rights icons  cbcfalc16 
it would be like me voting against the iraq war and then turning around and voting for military spending to execute…
the affordable care act guarantees that insurance companies cannot discriminate against americans with pre-existing…
  amazon s employees want answers for the lack of board diversity & so do i  we must recognize the value of diversi…
  epapruitt s secrecy  waste of taxpayer money and widespread conflicts of interest are unacceptable  pruitt s unet…
a6  we know that pollution disproportionately impacts communities of color and low-income communities  slashing fun…
 graceleesunrise &  steveuyehara covered this story on pearl harbor75 
the congressional task force on election security released it s final report in february  we are still waiting on…
this afternoon intheberkshires i visited hillcrest commons nursing & rehabilitation center to speak with staff  ca…
6 months after maria we demand that  fema and the trump administration start providing our fellow american citizens…
it was an honor to attend the celebration of the mississippi civil rights museum on yesterday  it was a pleasure to…
flint still doesn t have clean drinking water  but  epascottpruitt requests a  3  million  around-the-clock securit…
glad to work on this letter with my friend & colleague   repcummings  rm of  oversightdems  please click the link…
rt  keith_humphrey  thanks to  repjohndelaney for supporting military families by cosponsoring  hr1928  - families of fallen servicemembers…
together with congressman chris smith  n j    along with u s  senators roy blunt  mo   and mazie k  hirono  hawaii …
rt  saeedkd  for iranians  psychological impact of us pulling out of the nuclear deal is much bigger than its economic effect  they are exh…
trump broke another promise  yet americans still have no answers on the sources or extent of the foreign profits tr…
3 – maybe he doesn t want the public to know why he s doing favors for  deutschebank   hint  he owes them a lot of…
someone please tell me this is some sick joke 
we have entered into an agreement w/ del norte county to protect the welfare & safety of children  when people come…
rt  sarainoakton  at townhall on gun violence  students organized are on the panel w  gerryconnolly   good momentum   davidhogg111  stephm…
elections have consequences   cfpb to shutter student loan office in charge of returning  750m in relief via  tpm
i would like to thank the house of israel hebrew culture center for inviting me to participate…
while corporations and the wealthiest 1% get huge tax breaks  the g o p tax scam will raise taxes on millions of middl…
it is unconscionable that the president would even consider expanded offshore drilling after the deepwater disaster 
rt  usda  national farm to school month highlights benefits to america s students and communities
all of the blathering this past week about whether the white house or the president would apologize for comments by…
👏🏾keep up the good work👏🏾 i am honored to represent vibrant young milwaukeeans like you in congress  your energy f…
rt  repjoecrowley  when i joined  repdankildee in flint  i saw first-hand the devastating impact the water crisis has had on the community…
contra costa residents came together in lafayette to remember 23 fallen heroes from our communities  who have given…
special counsel mueller should be able to complete his investigation without interference 
and would there even be enough money to fill the box  trump budget reduces the snap program by  17 2 billion in one…
 they call me nuts  they call me stupid  they call me ugly  they might be right about ugly  all that i ve done is t…
this teacher appreciation week  we honor and thank our teachers all around the world who are helping to shape our fu…
my annual youth opportunities fair is today  march 12  i hope you will stop by the central library to learn about a…
saddened to hear about passing of our beloved colleague rep  louise slaughter  a fierce champion for western new yo…
the common thread in the growing epidemic of gun violence is guns  yet the nra s solution is for more – not fewer –…
congratulations to women s  usahockey &  cayla_barnes27   kbells22   hilaryknight &  flanagko on their amazing gold…
citizens united opened the door for big corporations to spend unlimited amounts of money  even foreign-controlled o…
alzheimer s disease is deeply personal for me  i cared for my late mother susan mclane as she struggled with the di…
i am inspired and humbled by the resilience and bravery of the young americans stepping up to challenge the status…
children ingesting potentially toxic chemicals is what should keep the trump administration up at night  not a  pub…
trump remains the only person to advocate for a shutdown  this as his chief of staff offends 800k people that he ho…
today  calling all business and restaurant owners to attend our dhs/ice image and i-9 workshops in laredo  tx to le…
investors are taking home record profits thanks to the g o p tax scam  the problem  middle class families are the ones…
teacher appreciation day serves as an opportunity to recognize the tireless efforts of our nation s educators  our t…
rt  amjoyshow    repteddeutch  people are onto the game  they re onto the distractions & lies that come from the nra  the american people n…
proud team kihuen could attend the  unlvvets rebel veteran engage breakfast where student veterans  alumni and com…
representing alabama s 7th district  i work to ensure that our government invests in the policies and programs that…
on world autism awareness day  we reaffirm our support for those living with autism  their families  and educators  a…
i recently announced a major federal investment in support of head start centers in  orangecofl  as a mom  i know t…
putin s disgusting  hateful remarks are anti-semitic and an egregious ploy to pivot away from the russian governmen…
 apahm2018  celebratioms with  capac  capac18 
i wish my muslim constituents a peaceful  reflective  and blessed ramadan  as this holy month begins  let us remem…
you can help our efforts by dropping off unused or expired medications on national drug takeback day on april 28 
thank you to the men and women who support and stand by their loved ones each day as they serve and sacrifice for o…
  realdonaldtrump reportedly plans to use the one-year anniversary of the special counsel to try to end the probe …
unfortunately  california ranks 49th in the nation for the wage gap between white men and latinas  that s  40k per year  latina equal pay
today we remember martin luther king  jr  and his tireless work for racial and economic equality  we mourn a brilli…
my goal for us is to have a functioning immigration system  one that responds to the needs of all of our country 
rt  youthincongress  join us this friday for  lacyclaymo1 st congressional art competition from 5-7 pm at the  artsatslu  ➡️
the bad parent caucus via  nytimes  timothy egan nails it  i am ashamed to serve with so many members of this cowar…
i am deeply saddened to learn of the passing of my friend and colleague  congresswoman louise slaughter  she was a…
el recinto universitario de mayagüez recibió una asignación de  116 mil para la construcción de un centro de negocios y desarrollo económico
productive meeting with  mayoroleary today in waterbury as we discussed additional ways we can leverage federal fu…
after exploding the debt by nearly  2 trillion with their g o p tax scam  house republicans now parade a balanced budg…
rt  isnahq    isnahq thanks democratic members of congress for standing up for s n a p works / those who have the least and elevating the mess…
it s the 21st century -- we should all have access to a free and open internet  i m fighting for net neutrality to…
a citizenship question is intended to discourage vulnerable communities from responding and violates a constitution…
today  i cannot help but think of the teachers who inspired and guided me  one of my favorite teachers was mr  g  a…
i do want to simplify our tax code and i do want tax reform  a tax reform that relieves the burden on the middle cl…
we must always remember the tremendous work that was done to ensure all americans have equal rights  today marks th…
congratulations to taylor ausley of  hfhs59 on winning this year s congressional art competition  i l02 proud…
i voted against the iran deal  but the way we pulled out worries me  if tehran plays this right  we may find oursel…
deeply disappointed to see g o p budget pass the house  it will devastate seniors  children  veterans  and the middle class 
disappointed that  ajitpaifcc says the situation is  unclear  yet decides not to investigate  unclear situations de…
honored to lead the indiana delegation s work in congress to help this park get the love it deserves  kennedy king
rt  bpshow  big show on this snowy morning  guests   joneasley  paynedc  repmarkpocan watch 
it s bittersweet to pack up my dc office after 18 years in congress  thanks  latimes for a glimpse into the process…
being your representative is about making tough decisions 🍩 cockadoodledoughnuts
at today s hearing  i discussed the role of vapor devices as a harm reduction for those seeking to quit or limit th…
honored to join potus del to israel to attend the funeral of simon peres whom i ve met many times over the years an…

join me and the u s  small business administration this afternoon to learn more about government contracting opport…
had a very important & informational briefing today on the collateral consequences of incarceration and how to impr…
rt  mchooyah  a military parade is third world bullshit  we prepare  we deter  we fight  stop this conversation 
rt  dennert  juliabrownley what can be done to encourage more young women to study stem majors in college  ask julia ca26
happy thanksgiving to everyone in san diego and imperial valley  wishing you  your friends  and loved ones a happy…
  usgsvolcanoes has up to date information on kilauea activity   mayorharrykim and hawaii county civil defense are…
by the end of macron s speech calling for human rights  democracy  science and the rights of minorities  the gop is…
as a lifelong catholic  i am proud to have received a 100% voting record from  networklobby for catholic social jus…
as a teacher  i know firsthand how much time  hard work and devotion goes into helping students succeed  thank you…
rt  sdut  pay your san diego property tax bill yet  it s due april 10
today i led a bipartisan coalition urging trump admin to seek justice for american victims of terrorism in israel 
it s critical that  epa act to protect lake erie & the drinking water 11 million people in the great lakes region r…
happy mothers day to all the moms out there  including my mom  alice  and my wife and sister  i also want to recogn…
fbi leadership s opposition to the release of gop memo portraying factual inaccuracies reaffirms the document as a…
as a former girl scout  happy to celebrate  girlscouts gs gold award winner & santa barbara s own cory williams 
every year the talent and passion of our high school students astounds me  congratulations to ronald mcnair high se…
the richest americans now hold as large a scale of net worth as they did in the 1920s before the onset of the great…
disturbing move in wrong direction  clear need for our safe c o a s t act to make permanent offshore drilling safety rul…
this is unacceptable  the california department of justice will continue to get to the bottom of this massive cyber…
this legislation is outrageous  bills like this  which are plainly and wildly unconstitutional  are just the latest…
rt  sdutideas  does facebook put business profits ahead of users  privacy  watch what mark zuckerberg told  repscottpeters
rt  verge  this congressman just confronted mark zuckerberg on facebook s diversity issue 
there should be no question over who is to blame for this government shutdown  republicans control the white house …
rt  dberrygannett     nitalowey told census officials she  strongly  opposes the decision to include a citizenship question & noted opposit…
we need to end gun violence in the united states  lives &gt  guns  this morning  i met with young people in my distric…
then the president should not be making threats that could start an accidental nuclear war w/north korea   sotu 
net neutrality means consumers — not big corporations— choose what websites and applications we see online  senate…
7  the republican bill limits the deduction for state and local taxes  g o p tax scam
nashville woke up to devastating news  we mourn the innocent victims and thank our brave first responders  many wil…
felicito al  thejusticedept  al  statedept y a la comunidad internacional por la extradición  y espero ver el caso…
rt  kasiedc  our award-winning lineup for tonight s show   chriscoons  chrismurphyct  repdebdingell  marc_lotter  samgf  philiprucker  …
rt  repjohnlewis  from newtown to charleston    how long will it take for congress to act   nomoresilence  goodtrouble
rt  kasiedc  our awesome lineup this week   repcurbelo  joaquincastrotx  sen_joemanchin  dannydanon  jmeacham  michael_steel  egangoo…
i posted a new photo to facebook
new   repyvetteclarke and i led over 60 house members in a letter to  ajitpaifcc  urging him to protect the lifelin…
great to tour the  nevadadot garnet interchange protect which will soon be the 3rd diamond interchange in our state…
rt  sanjuancountywa  board of natural resources approves sale of 400 acre lopez hill to san juan county  councilmen stephens and hughes wi…
fact  the trump budget eliminates the public service loan forgiveness program which helps borrowers pay off their s…
yes lou barletta are immigrants replacing america s culture  funny because i really can t imagine 20th century ame…
in el salvador  women whose lives are at risk & girls who have been raped are refused access to abortion  20  women…
this earth day  let us take stock of all the things we can do to help ensure clean air and water for generations to…
proud to be working w colleagues from both sides of the aisle to ensure those on tribal lands are not left behind w…
watch here  forum on deported veterans with  repgonzalez  repmarktakano  repraulgrijalva
i spoke on the house floor to defend the  cfpb and its efforts to crack down on predatory lending practices and pro…
including a citizenship question in the 2020 census will suppress participation  as a result  immigrant communities…
no one is safe under this republican leadership  not even a non-partisan appointed chaplain whom  speakerryan just fired 
rt  jasonloumiller    catholicnewssvc s  cns_rhina   centerofconcern s kevin locke speak to  repmcgovern about his experiences in el salvad…
rt  housejuddems  rep   benniegthompson   repjerrynadler   repcummings demand answers on the  whitehouse s security clearance process & jar…
unionized or not  teachers struggle to make ends meet  npr/ipsos poll finds
rt  housedemocrats  parents shouldn t have to beg for the care their children need  doctors shouldn t have to make treatment decisions for…

  housegop tax plan eliminates the medical expenses deduction
in today s world  where the internet touched so many aspects of our lives  consumers deserve the piece of mind that…
met with  uf_ifas reps regarding supplemental nutrition assistance program  snap  education  we discussed my time w…
wonderful to hear that hector barajas  who founded the deported veterans support house in tijuana  the bunker   is…
🙏🏾
and tomorrow we continue to march  in the words of dr  king jr    injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywh…
my dogs  sheep  goats  and ducks are part of the family – i can t understand how anyone could hurt a defenseless an…
i am focused on bringing a new va facility to omaha and confident that we will get it done  veterans day  ne02 
it takes tremendous courage for women to stand up & say they ve been harassed  assaulted or abused by powerful men …
atenciÓn  los beneficiarios de medicare en california recibirán tarjetas nuevas de medicare por correo entre abril…
icymi survivors justice involves being heard and being healed  powerful piece in the  nytimes by  sofierkarasek
a4  this administration has made clear where it stands on race and immigration through countless harmful measures l…
good day marching at the march for our lives in  az03   i m prepared to take commonsense steps to reduce gunviolence…
these ancient petroglyphs are just one example of the tribal history on these lands   realdonaldtrump doesn t want…
it is almost national park week - and to celebrate   pinnaclesnps national park is offering free admission tomorrow …
rt  delaware_gov  tune in today at 5 15 for facebook live covering of the inspire talks  why wilmington  the even…
 epaoig  epascottpruitt within days   epaoig confirmed that it was expanding its investigation into epa administrat…
my friend and colleague  repzoelofgren has provided important leadership on preserving the rule of law -  no one is…
i m proud of america s students for working to create a safer world for future generations  your courage to act on…
the mission of the  epa is  to protect human health and the environment   to do so  the agency needs to be led by s…
eastern ct sub suppliers like  gdelectricboat are gearing up for the increase in production and as ranking member o…
house republicans say the g o p farm bill doesn t cut  snap   that s not true  h r  2 cuts  9 2 billion in benefits to…
today  i met with the president of the national association of immigration judges  naij   judge a  ashley tabaddor…
special thanks to  nwf   sierraclub &  teamwaxman for you continued support of this commonsense legislation 
rt  repdavejoyce  proud to have led the charge with  repsandylevin in a letter to house appropriations subcommittee on interior  environmen…
ramadan mubarak to the millions of muslims around the world observing the holy month of ramadan 
synthetic id theft is a growing threat  and scammers increasingly target young children  check out these commonsens…
¡una trabajadora de casos de mi oficina está disponible para ayudarle con asuntos federales este martes  8 de mayo …
see my statement on tonight s operation in syria 
the deadline to sign up for health insurance is tomorrow night  i encourage anyone in new hampshire who buys their…
responsible wildlife management is essential to the economic vitality of ventura county  that is why i support fund…
loebsack statement on house passage of republicans  healthcare repeal bill
felicitaciones profesor  gracias por compartir tu regalo de poesía con el mundo
warmest wishes to all my muslim neighbors in the hudson valley and throughout the country who are celebrating the s…
great  nytimes article on the  billion dollar bank heist  that shook confidence in the international financial syst…
now to gotham city    i mean the airport  bye   sxsw it has been a blast  y d cin s x s w  sxsw 
january 23  2018 – marshall county high school  benton  kentucky photo  jasper county sun times via  ap_images 1…
as a veteran of the korean war  i am ashamed that our commander-in-chief is conducting himself in a   
rt  edworkforcedems   icymi  this morning  ranking member  bobbyscott spoke to the  edcommission at their highered forum about helping stud…
great meeting with you all  keep up your important work 
rt  housejuddems  join us tomorrow morning at 10am for a subcommittee hearing examining  anti-semitism on college campuses  
today we are releasing the behavioral health consortium s initial report aimed at confronting delaware s addiction…
rt  remedypodcast   repmaxinewaters  thefancyfriend  theurbantea the lady of the hour  day  week  year  my life  auntie  repmaxinewaters  s… 
an overnight shelter has been confirmed  canyon fire2
earlier this week  i participated in robert frost elementary school s diversity parade  what a wonderful way to cel…
rt  maxinewaters  we have come so far since the financial crisis – but the republicans  wrong choice act threatens to put americans at risk…
the grand floral daffodil parade rolls through four pierce county cities in just 18 days 
rep miceli dedicated himself to serving the people of wilmington and tewksbury  liz and i send our heartfelt condol…
right here  in plain english  is the warped and wicked effect that big money has on our democracy  👇 https //t co/myczgzfspn
on this earth day2018  i m working to conserve our public lands so that future generations can enjoy what makes nev…
happy mother s day to all mothers  grandmothers  and mother-figures  enjoy your mother s day celebration and time w…
a welcome taste of florida on the hill last night – thanks to  publix for their continued commitment to our communi…
rt  hispaniccaucus    dhsgov denied that they were breaking the sacred bond between parents and children until the  nyt reported that more…
as the son of a school teacher  i am well aware how hard every teacher in the 4th congressional district  and acros…
rt  hunger  the  feedingamerica team thanks  repallawsonjr & the  officialcbc for highlighting the impact of food insecurity in communities…
residents of ma s 8th district claim an average of  15 000 in state and local tax deductions  the g o p tax plan would…
rt  vermontedition  live at noon  rep  welch reacts to the state of the union address
rt  repvaldemings  i m proud of the students and educators who are continuing to make gun safety a national priority  today  on the anniver…
president truman made certain that the united states was the first country to recognize the the new state of israel…
i intro d an amendment to rein in exorbitant baggage fees and make travel more affordable for everyone  while helpi…
federal budget deficit projected to top  1 trillion in 2020  true to form  the gop tax scam bill is working for bil…
70 years ago today  israel s first prime minister declared the creation of the new state of israel  the us immedia…
i had a great time speaking with jim niedelman from whbf about many of the issues facing our country today  tune in…
congratulations to alicia claypool on being inducted in to the iowa women s hall of fame 
rt  hispaniccaucus    reploucorrea notes that  latinos are here to contribute  at the annual latino100 reception 
dave matthews playing eji s concert for peace and justice in montgomery al  davematthewsbnd
en breve estaré dando mi último mensaje ante el pleno de la cámara federal  puedes sintonizarlo en vivo aquí 
rt  senschumer  kyle duncan should not be granted a lifetime judicial appointment  thank you  officialcbc for your letter  i trust  senatem…
talking momentarily with  danaperino shortly  tune in if you can  trump california
rt  aqmd  air quality awareness week starts today  for more information  ways you can reduce your contribution to air pollution and a list…
my new novel  big guns  is coming out in 1 week  it s a satire about the mighty gun lobby  a cowering congress  and…
rt  uscapitoltree  it s official  the 2018 us capitol christmas tree will come from oregon s  willamettenf 
it s been 8 months since two hurricanes struck  and puerto rico is still w/o electricity  puerto ricans have been w…
proud to join with  kryptokramer  cindylchin & entire  womenontheblock team to discuss potential of decentralized &…
solutions only idea 6  increase mental and behavioral health funding 
wall st reform  banks more resilient  stronger capital  leverage & liquidity stds to prevent another financial crisis
rt  vikramjandhyala  delighted to have  repdelbene visit us at  gix_edu  so much to talk about — jobs and disruption  the changing nature o…
we aren t buying the claims that republicans are making about the economy and the tax law  and economists aren t ei…
 billevansct  jaketapper  comey  repesty non sequitur  he was also a leaker  that doesn t change the libby situatio…
equal pay day may have passed  but we need to stand up for fair pay every day - including fighting to allow  useeoc…
rt  the107_hbcu  today is the birthday of  nccu alumnus & us congressman representing nc s 1st district-  gkbutterfield   dyk he served o…
i ve got a serious case of fomo -- not at  rsaconference  rsa2018  this year    encouraged by the great discussions…
aquí está mi editorial  laopinionla acerca de cómo nunca debemos de rendir al odio orlando united
rt  bostonglobe  seven of the top 10 women who ran the boston marathon are american
thanks to everyone who came to my lincoln county town hall tonight  there is an incredible amount of engagement in…
rt  zekejmiller  new york  ap  — an analysis by the associated press shows the nation s six big wall street banks saved at least  3 59 bill…
rt  repmarkpocan  last year  a bipartisan group of lawmakers warned against a saudi-uae attack on yemen s hodeida port  a lifeline for a co…
rt  repteddeutch  the students of stoneman douglas have been clear – america must neveragain allow the profits of gun manufacturers to com…
there is only one side to condemn after violence occurs during a white supremacist rally  hate & bigotry have no place in our great country 
irma thomas  known as the  soul queen of new orleans  is a local cultural icon and won her first grammy in 2007 …
mammograms are critical in helping detect breast cancer early  learn more about screenings  national mammography day
did you know that new york state ranks third highest in the nation for the number of african american-owned firms …
happy birthday to my dear friend and colleague  repteddeutch  south floridians are lucky to have you fighting by th…
this bill  through federal grants  would incentivize states to enact laws requiring folks to obtain a license befor…
rt  newsatmedgar  the  cbwgcaucus visits  mec  to host a panel  led by  repyvetteclarke &  breakfastclubam s  angelayee  focused on empoweri…
rt  peggyagouris  opiod crisis symposium  georgemasonu   gerryconnolly
we cannot deny science 
i m tired of watching polluting pruitt put the health of our communities at risk by dismantling important public he…
for a a p i month i announced my provision to  ndaa17  that starts a review of  aapi  veterans  records to see who may warrant the medal of honor
no one s health or life expectancy should be determined by the color of their skin or the zip code where they are b…
 one former adviser said that people had become conditioned to wait until mr  trump had raised an issue at least th…
rt  investigateru    repsarbanes  trump campaign had 90 times more ads approved than clinton  can you say embeds didn t grant special appr…
as next round of  nafta  renegotiations happen in mexico city  working to make sure  ustraderep makes a deal good fo…
here s a picture of me meeting with constituents who didn t pay me  you should try it sometime  mickmulvaneyomb
great news from  baltsunbrk   one reason why i am fighting proposed cuts to  chesapeakebay chesapeake bay program…
cbo  no matter how you count it  senate  gop  tax bill hurts americans earning up to  75 000 by 2027  while massive…
joining  arimelber on  msnbc live to discuss my questioning of  epascottpruitt today 
rt  housedemocrats  live now   repjoecrowley   nancypelosi  and  davidcicilline host their weekly press conference 👉
time and time again  ct families tell me they want to see us put politics aside and get to work growing our economy…
delta jewel  mrs  rachel j  scurlock of charleston  ms was a teacher when black teachers couldn t be apart of organ…
we on the house armed services committee are marking up the  fy19ndaa  today  watch here 
four months later  the g o p tax scam is showing its true colors  meanwhile  american families desperately wait for re…
open enrollment is underway  nyers have until 1/31 to get covered  visit today & find the p…
rt  astrid_nv    repkihuen and i at the  hrc nevada rise gala so many amazing people here supporting our community  home means nevada …
my  sotu  guest cindy garcia is courageous  inspiring & a powerful voice for all those who deserve a path to citizen…
i was pleased to see continued bipartisan support for the prison rape elimination act in the omnibus  which inlcude…
this is  good trouble  to protect dreamers  congress needs to act now on the dream act
rt  adobegov  we are excited to welcome  reprokhanna for a fireside chat with our very own jace johnson adobe gov symp
rt  nancypelosi  this morning  i am donating a few keepsakes from my election as speaker to the  smithsonian as they kickstart their women …
join me now for a live telephone townhall with the residents of eastern ct  i am live  answering your questions  t…
it lacks vision and leadership from  realdonaldtrump to unleash the full strength of his deportation machine on a s…
rt  hispaniccaucus  🔥🚨 the untiring crusade of representative  replujangrisham
thrilled to see colorado getting national recognition for our growing economy 
rt  oaklawnpatch  u s  congressman puts heat on animal welfare league
deeply disturbed by reports the white house knew of rob porter s history of abuse & chose to ignore it  domestic vi…
to jewish friends and family in nj and around the world  i wish you all a happy yom haatzmaut on the 70th anniversa…
hey ca  did you know that new medicare cards are coming this month  your new card will display a unique medicare …
most democrats and republicans agree that young americans brought to the us as children deserve to remain in the on…
  marcorubio doesn t think dc should be able to enact local gun laws  falsely labeling dc a  federal jurisdiction …
yep  and now we see them fulfilling their promise 
meanwhile  hundreds of thousands young people across the country mark today with outrage  courage and demonstration…
rt  briancshipley  surprise visit from  collinpeterson to red river basin commission  praising progress on watershed goals  mn07
last night  i worked w/dem & gop colleagues to strengthen our military at  fy19ndaa  markup  my measures to curb sex…
important alert for pinellas residents  per  sheriffpinellas  issue is not with  pinellasco911 but carrier outages…
looking forward to taking part in  rollcall live discussion this morning on achieving quality  affordable health c…
2020 census everyone counts save the census
america has led the way on fuel efficient vehicles  saving consumers 💰  for decades  fuel economy boosts innovation…
rt  thinkprogress  scott pruitt s attempt to defend himself against his scandals could turn into a new scandal
trump shutdown fact  the gop held the chip program hostage  a version that cost  6 billion more than it should have…
6 months after maria puerto rico and its islands are still in crisis  national attention may have waned  but tens of…
national housing weekof action is an important reminder of how much work we still have to do on providing safe affordablehousing for all 
today  texas medical center announced groundbreaking plans for  tmc3   i look forward to seeing these visionary and…
 dyk   natlparkservice admission is free during national park week  get out there and find your park 
  realdonaldtrump told republicans not to be afraid of the nra  i hope he remembers this as he addresses the  nraam… 
today  i was pleased to meet with a group of colorado members of  nationalnurses  they re visiting washington to ad…
rt  natablenetwrk  join united states representatives  janschakowsky and  repschneider for the second annual hiring event in des plaines on…
congress has a responsibility to make an affirmative decision about whether or not we should be at war in syria  re…
rt  chcofsouthernia  thank you very much to  daveloebsack for visiting chcsi s newly renovated leon office today  we appreciated the opport…
rt  repteddeutch  on feb  14th  17 students & teachers were killed in another senseless act of gun violence  in march  the  nra posted it…
financial services committee to consider delaney legislation to protect credit scores of veterans…
here s a quote from a recent  usatoday article   most of the extra cash from tax savings is going into the pockets…
rt  nws_baltwash  dime size hail at the nws office in sterling  dangerous storm continues to head east to the beltway/i-95  expect damaging…
congrats to  denverhealthmed  which has been named an  lgbtq  healthcare equality leader this year  earning a perfec…
great turnout at stoughton s town meeting this evening as 7 new stoughton firefighters were sworn in and received t…
rt  repveasey  should suspects on the fbi s terrorist watch list be able to buy guns  no fly no buy
gun violence remains an epidemic in this country  and we should not be weakening laws governing the transfer of mac…
i m calling on  househomeland to conduct hearings to investigate white supremacist domestic terrorism & how we can prevent it 
actually you are the american disgrace birther-in- chief collusion obstruction of justice
during commemorative week  san antonio celebrates 300 years of colorful history  as we recognize the past  we also…
  repderekkilmer is absolutely right  making online ads more transparent is a no brainer 
rt  replawrence  maternal mortality for black women in the united states is devastatingly high  momsdontneed lawmakers who ignore this cri…
now  on house floor in support of h res  630  introduced by  repspeier  the bill requires annual sexual harassment training in the house 
a free and openinternet is crucial to the free flow of ideas and the future of our economy  net neutrality protect…
happy military appreciation month to the men & women serving our nation at the over a dozen military installations…
trump s logic on iran  - jcpoa sunset provisions mean iran could seek nukes in 2024  i ll let them do it sooner …
the constitution requires an accurate census to ensure we are accurately representing the country  but by including…
always great to see my friends  mtdent   barrygoldnv and  mliveratti  aarpnv to discuss protecting snap funding  so…
rt  deepakchopra  i highly recommend reading  big guns  a satire of the gun lobby and congress by my friend  repsteveisrael get your copy t…
  nancypelosi  i stand with  repwilson in the fight to bring back our girls 
honored to welcome french president  emmanuelmacron to congress  powerful speech  the us must lead the world  to pr…
i have been pushing to close this digital divide by making sure we re investing in technological infrastructure tha…
remember when  realdonaldtrump said he d put an end to pay to play corruption and drain the swamp  let s start by pas…
a time of acknowledgement  remembrance  and time with loved-ones  a very happy passover2018 to those in celebratio…
 rwdsu  katebrowningny  duwaynegregory  repgracemeng  nydiavelazquez  repjeffries  repyvetteclarke thank you   rwdsu
rt  thirdwaytweet  answering the concerns  repcheri hears by offering everyone the opportunity to earn a good life must be the democratic pa…
donald glover s new music video illustrates the harsh truth of police brutality and gun violence in the united stat…
my medicare buy-in bill would allow americans 50  to buy into a trusted  affordable health plan & allow medicare to…
rt  longislandassoc   reptomsuozzi now speaking  longislandassoc executive breakfast on how tax reform bill will hurt the li region
 realdonaldtrump  interior  secretaryzinke it is alarming that  realdonaldtrump continues to prioritize  energy dom…
thanks to everyone for coming out to pennsauken tonight for a  camdencountynj town hall  good to be home …
rt  jewishaction  if you ever need a reminder of why we re in this fight for a dream act now and let my people stay — read any of these storie…
congratulations to  repmcgovern who will serve as the new rules committee ranking member  he takes over after the p…
i applaud my  housevetaffairs and  vetaffairsdems colleagues for advancing the va medicinal cannabis research act…
smh at republicans who want to destroy  cfpb -- more proof they put profits before people -- big banks & their cor…
our border district is a place where cultures come together and where we celebrate what unites us  not what divides…
last week  i was proud to announce this funding to help san bernardino county residents achieve the dream of homeow…
👏👏👏🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸😄😄🌴🌴☀️☀️
let s face it  there s no planet b 
more broadly  mr  zuckerberg s testimony is a reminder of the increased role that ai will have across a variety of…
senate democrats have moved one step closer to forcing vote to save the internet  rep  cicilline is supporting simil…
the internet was founded as a neutral platform that leveled the playing field for sending and receiving information…
a big congratulations to the cincinnati  enquirer on being awarded a pulitzer prize in the local reporting category…
net neutrality about to be killed by trump s fcc  another way to allow big internet pals to raid our pockets  no be…
with time running out on keeping gov open  trump first attacks his own chief of staff  then appears to realize that…
trump s immigration plan isn t compromise but it compromises the american values on the statue of liberty   give me…
n yprimary is today  your vote is your voice  make your voice heard  find your nyc polling place here 
  repraskin  tgowdysc and i are leading a bipartisan effort to raise the pay for federal jurors for the first time…
in  potus s mind laws must be strictly enforced and obeyed unless you are wealthy  powerful and one of his supporte…
today kicks of  bhm2018   a time to reflect on african americans  contributions to our country and ensure that the g…
rt  housedemocrats    replawrence  mi-14  hosted a youth roundtable where she and local students discussed possible solutions to endgunvio…
follow the conversation on twitter today at 3 pm  latinos4 climate protect c p p act on climate
strong words from the editorial board of the  arkansasonline   the alarm clock is ringing loud and clear  this is n…
sat down with the new jersey chapter of united postmasters and managers of america to discuss legislation impacting…
congrats on making history as first dominican elected to congress --to serve the beautiful people of  ny13  that i l…
we can all agree that water quality is important to the health and well-being of our communities  while there is mu…
the  aca  makes insurance meaningful by guaranteeing that all insurance plans cover essential health benefits like d…
i appreciate  repjohnlewis and  benniegthompson for refusing to allow their historic credibility to legitimize trum…
sec def mattis established the close combat lethality task force to modernize & improve personnel policies  trainin…
rt  homelanddems  no russia sanctions  they will interfere in our elections again  this year and 2020  dereliction of duty for an attack on…
i m proud to agree completely with this tweet  ericliptonnyt
for more of lili s story  visit
rt  whiphoyer  thank you to my friend   repespaillat  for the opportunity to speak in support of dominican week  i m grateful for your lead…
can t think of a better way to celebrate  iwd2018  than talking about the me too congress act  which is the basis fo…
discussed how crucial federal funding can be for science research programs with representatives  followstevens
rt  aetnanews   all in for fighting opioid abuse in florida  – dr  garth graham  president of the aetna foundation  describes the foundatio…
the best way to observe the 50th anniversary of martin luther king jr s death and honor his legacy is to recommit o…
the scotus s decision to side with new jersey and lift the ban on sports betting will level the playing field betwe…
thinking of former first lady barbara bush and the entire bush family at this difficult time 
a mind to work  
today house gop pushed through their massive tax plan that will likely put america on the road to bankruptcy…
the 37th annual  md05  military service academy forum is just a few weeks away  representatives from the service aca…
about to head on stage for pelosi at g u  tune in here 
it s imperative for our san joaquin valley & entire food system that we address the agriculture labor crisis  so i…
the us got a d  on infrastructure  according to  awbolympia wa needs over  190b in infrastructure investments  wit…
lawmakers should stop interfering with and instead increase access to affordable healthcare for all women  no woma…
 9 000 for high-tech locks   43 000 for a soundproof booth   3 000 000 for round-the-clock security  who does…
congrats to  drakewbb and  iowawbb for making the 2018  ncaawbb tournament  congrats also goes to  uniwbb on making the  womensnit tourney 
proud to stand with  alzassociation today in support of federal funding legislation to help keep our most vulnerabl…
i joined my colleagues in walking out to meet some of the students gathered at the steps of the u s  capitol…
privileged to help lead bipartisan ca public higher education caucus in congress w/ my republican colleague jeff de…
proud to join  replloyddoggett   davidcicilline  and  reptedlieu in introducing this legislation  we must stand up…
i m pleased to join  speakerryan as he surveys hurricane irma damage in fl  congress needs to give the necessary re…
    and this funding will help institutions like the gavin foundation s cushing house in south boston and recovery…
  realdonaldtrump  claiming  no evidence  of collusion is a fantasy  -russia made extensive efforts to help your…
happy st patricks day southern minnesotans  be safe  have fun and see green 
rt  repmaloney  it s no secret that immigrant rights are under attack  tomorrow from 6 30-8 30  nydiavelazquez and i are cosponsoring a  kn…
san benito county residents  the county is holding a veteran resource fair this friday at the veterans memorial bui…
iran s funding of foreign terror and military groups is a threat to the us & our allies  i ve introduced a bill to…
 elainehenry2017  epascottpruitt as vice chair of  seec  i challenged pruitt several times to a public debate on cl…
a new  adl_national report finds that 4 2 million anti-semitic tweets were posted over the course of just one year …
hinchliffe stadium remains an important part of paterson s and our nation s past  this important  natlparkservice f…
and to mars2033 
i am appreciative that  massgovernor spent a portion of his speech at  spfldregchamber talking about broadband and…
great to be with leaders from across our community at today s north bay leadership council good government get toge…
you wrote in  we took action and got results  thanks to  repmikecapuano and  joeboncore for partnering with me to g…
i ve authorized the  delawareng to assist state and local officials with any necessary response and recovery for th…
i wrote a column for this month s edition of the berkshire senior on why the g o p tax scam is bad news for…
rt  waysmeanscmte  nearly six months since its signing  the republican tax law has spurred layoffs  higher health care costs  ballooning de…
rt  housenewdems   repanniekuster introduced the workforce development investment act which would create a tax credit to encourage such par…
planning a visit to dc  we can help you and your ohana schedule tours of the us capitol  library of congress & more 
rt  senbobcorker  same untruths from an utterly untruthful president  alert the daycare staff
i support net neutrality and joined 117 of my colleagues this week in urging the fcc to delay today s vote  i will…
congratulations to the glen on receiving an award from the  epa  
trump is ready to veto farm bill unless stricter work requirements are added to snap  food stamps   but &gt 80% of rec…
alabama is home to over 42 000 farms and over 8 million acres of farmland  today  i m celebrating the farmers and w…
pleased father conroy is back a special man who speaks truth fairness and justice speaks in terms all can  or shoul…
like you  i refuse to accept school shootings as normal  it s past time for congress to take action to keep our com…
rt  reduce_spending  congrats to  repcartwright &  replancenj7 for committee passage of the prepare act  proud to support effort to save li…
rt  inequalitycu  poverty in philadelphia   we have an uneven world in terms of who has wealth & opp  &while gov has a key role to play …
high school students in southern san diego county and imperial county  submit your art for the 2018 congressional a…
powerful and inclusive message  thank you  johncena we are america
yesterday  i wrote to leader pelosi and speaker ryan urging congress to address critical budgeting issues in this y…
rt  housebudgetdems  live now   uscbo oversight hearing with director keith hall  watch 
stock market shaky  retirement accounts in jeopardy  infrastructure crumbling  trade war brewing  heading back to d…
giddy is not a campaign strategy  what is  sharp messaging  real solutions  bringing the marginalized into the mainstream 
i am proud to have led the fight against attempts to raise entrance fees at national parks  including the grand can…
my provision in  ndaa17  starts a review of  aapi  veterans w/the distinguished-service  navy  or air force cross from korea or vietnam 

today i met in denver with representatives of the  amdiabetesassn and  theendosociety to discuss insulin pricing  t…
another day  another version of trumpcare -- but now even worse than before  w/new provision allowing insurers to offer substandard plans 
if you d told me last january that  realdonaldtrump s first year would have ended in a trump shutdown because he co…
proud to announce that long beach hotel housekeeper juana melara is fourth district s la county woman of the year …
it s easy to get 73% of the vote when you bar your  opponents  from running  after extolling life tenure for china …
rt  kyledcheney    congressmanraja  one of the few in the room when mccabe testified to a house judiciary/oversight committee task force  c…
our next energy revolution  like our current one  will probably result from federally-funded tech developed at our…
tune in at 12pm  i will be joining the oc sheriff s department to announce a joint law enforcement effort to combat…
look forward to joining  stevebellone tonight for a discussion of big guns 
the trump administration s decision to end the  tps  designation for nepal is callous  yet unsurprising  congress s…
happening now  tune in 
enjoyed spending time with 5th grade students and teachers of  ct_montessori here at the  uscapitol  these sharp ki…
tax day is an unfortunate reminder of gop s misplaced priorities  special interests & big corporations over hardwor…
just months after handing out a huge tax cut to millionaires   realdonaldtrump wants to cut benefits to some of our…
rt  thehill  trump voter fraud commission head found in contempt of court for failing to uphold voting rights
look forward to tommorow s big guns event in chicago 
this is another great step forward for creating new economic opportunities and economic growth in our region 
a real american hero  thank you james shaw 
my heartfelt thanks to the mcallen chamber commerce and the city of mcallen for hosting a luncheon honoring my 20   
fact  nearly 30% percent of millennials with bank accounts have overdrawn their account   flm2018 
on holocaust remembrance day  we remember the millions of jews & other victims of the holocaust  we all must work ev…
rt  moreartculture  last night s congressional district 4 and 5 artistic discovery high school art competition was a huge success  more th…
- this is all the more reason to protect the special counsel s investigation and pass h r  5476  the special counse…
spoofing has been one of the fastest growing forms of fraud in america  but the enactment of my anti-spoofing act…
  housegop is moving fast to push a vote on the farm bill this week  wanted to take a moment to share why the bill …
it only took  realdonaldtrump one year over two dozen lawsuits to plan a visit to california   we re not looking t…
rt  senschumer   potus to have the gall to complain about pr while proposing tax cuts for millionaires that will cost trillions is the heig…
a big deal  
rt  healthcaregov   dyk  this week is national women s health week   nwhw  is observed to empower women and encourage them take steps for bet…
my thoughts are with the bush family tonight as they mourn for barbara bush and celebrate her incredible life 
update on  pinellasco911 
providing  rigorous  firearms training to teachers puts millions of dollars in the nra s pocket and makes los angel…
  repebj  repadams  we will never give up the fight for the chibok girls  4 years too long 
rt  repesty  last week at the  whitehouse   realdonaldtrump &  vp told me that they support gun violence restraining orders  g v r os work …
saddened by the passing of first lady barbara bush  my thoughts are with her friends and family during this hard time 
rt  housenewdems  the letter  led by  repcheri   repterrisewell   repanniekuster  and  donaldnorcross outlines the importance of apprentice…
it was great meeting you and the  revivebrandco team  congrats again on being named  sba_nevada young entrepreneurs…
congress should strengthen pell grants so fewer students are reliant on loans  unfortunately  the trump budget cuts…
during this season of giving let s be a blessing to others  happy holidays 
in honor of  mlk50  and the 50th anniversary of the memphis sanitation workers  strike  let s fully commit ourselves…
our mothers  daughters  & sisters deserve their fair share  it s time to close the pay gap  equal pay day
ed and i join our fellow californians in sending prayers and condolences to the family and loved ones of former gov…
new reports over the weekend find that  realdonaldtrump s campaign hired an israeli spy firm to find incriminating…
rt  therealbuzz  official statement about buzz and his evacuation from the south pole  he s recovering well in nz  full statement
breast cancer touches many lives  i commemorate and honor the struggle to fight the disease this october  breastcancerawareness
i am pleased that utrgv has been awarded over  199 000 through the usda rural development grant program  these   
check out my op-ed w/  phillytrib that addresses why i think the budget that was recently passed in congress is  in…
rt  seec  fyi  epascottpruitt is making a move to replace the clean power plan with a rule that could increase air pollution and premature d…
what a mess  realdonaldtrump has made of america  a lot of hard-working people were promised he d work to help them…
watch live   housedemocrats at our weekly press conference today at 10 15 am et / 7 15 am pt  👉
 realdonaldtrump by spending tons of time at trump-owned properties   realdonaldtrump gets free advertising for them  /1
over a 40-year career  the avg woman loses  418k to the wage gap  but many groups of women lose so much more than t…
i m proud to introduce the bipartisan water infrastructure resiliency and sustainability act  to encourage water in…
rt  cnn  rep  adam schiff  the top democrat on the house intelligence committee  says the gop decision to shut down the house russia invest…
rt  adpikelly  nv congresswoman  repjackyrosen speaks to the  lvchamber this morning about her priorities for southern nevada  public safet…
dear  speakerryan - if you didn t want someone who would speak truth to power  w/ deep faith and caring for the poo…
rt  gregorymeeks  tune into cnn soon  where you ll see my  officialcbc colleagues and i march on the dept of justice to demand an end to th…
puerto rico is far from recovering from the impact of hurricane maria  now is the time for  fema & the federal gove…
today  the u s  house passed legislation that includes two amendments  usrepkeating & i offered to ensure that fede…
while i feel last night s actions were appropriate  any long-term operation must take place in consultation w/ cong…
i hope you can join me at my next town hall monday  april 30 at  hsfi_news  space is limited  please rsvp here …
the book does not match the cover  read my reaction to trump tax plan 
rt  ava   the ultimate measure of a man is not where he stands in moments of comfort and convenience  but where he stands at times of chall…
rt  billpascrell  about  1 6 trillion of the g o p tax scam law will go right into the pockets of the big corporations and top 1 percent  can…
read my  nydailynews op-ed on a week to mourn the gun lobby grip  gunsense gun reform
excited to hear about the agreement between  uofcalifornia &  calcommcolleges  to guarantee qualified students admi…
👏👏
just concluded on the house floor womens history month celebration of top ten female mc hip hop collaborations of al…
a mother shouldn t have to choose between a child s health and a paycheck  the evidence shows paidsickdays laws be…
rt  tombeerbooks  an embarrassment of literary riches on long island this week  a j  finn   melissafebos and  gilvarry  plus the one and on…
today kicks off national volunteer week  volunteers throughout  az01  have given their time to improve their communi…
it s been 50 years since his assassination  but dr  martin luther king jr  s message is more relevant now than ever…
rt  cbprgv   cbp  brownsville emergency operations center is visited by congressman  repfilemonvela vela with  usbp  harvey2017 honor first…
rt  memberowned   farmbureau lobbyist thatcher  vitally important to ag for  collinpeterson to be returned to congress in mn 7th coop  r… 
touring el segundo s chan soon-shiong institute for medicine where doctors are saving lives with state-of-the-art d…
rt  politico  rep  paul tonko criticizes epa administrator scott pruitt during his hearing on capitol hill this morning  watch live 
president trump owes the american people answers to all of these questions  if he has nothing to hide  he must answ…
the median household nearing retirement has only  14 500 in retirement savings  we need to expand social security
the smithsonian is receiving the suit  nancypelosi wore when she was sworn in as the 1st woman house speaker  i bro…
trump pledged to take on the nra  now he s speaking at group s annual convention i think he meant that he would ta…
rt  teampelosi  just in  new evidence trump tried to influence the russia investigation   pryan  your move—will you keep blocking an indepe…
my full statement on israel s continued friendship with the united states and commitment to democracy 
extremely concerning
this question re no dems at israel embassy opening president invites members on those visits and like the…
only two members of the house voted against sanctioning iran for human rights violations and taking americans host…
i posted a new photo to facebook
the g o p tax scam would make it harder for students to pursue higher education  trigger billions of dollars in medica…
rt  sxmprogress  what does  reptedlieu /  tedlieu think about the report that mueller informed trump s lawyers that he doesn t consider …
keep up with my work fighting for the hardworking families of illinois  17th district by signing up for my newslett…
our nation comes together in times of need  puerto rico & us virgin islands should be no different  we must stand with our fellow americans
👏🏼👏🏼
as we mourn stephon clark  we should honor his memory by confronting california s painful legacy of racial profilin…
my prayers are with the families of the marines & sailor who tragically lost their lives yesterday in mississippi 
commending the 70th anniversary of israel s founding  this resolution highlights the nation s commitment to democra…
wishing you and your family a safe and wonderful thanksgiving 
everyone should watch this  especially today  mlk50
over 130 tribal governments & organizations united as the native farm bill coalition in  dc  this week  mescalero ap…
rt  michaelskolnik  sending love to all of the mothers who have lost their children to gun violence  may we never end working to end this e…
the american people deserve more than apologies and promises  they deserve action from their congress 
rt  sacramentokings  kings present sacramento s  nba all-star bid live 👑⭐️
it s concerning that hispanics make up just 7% of tech employees - a much lower percentage than other private sect…
rt  officialcbc  for  bhm   we highlighted african americans who 𝘮𝘢𝘥𝘦 america great  today  for  whm2018   we re highlighting women of color…
rt  bluecollardems  starting soon  a discussion between house bcc members and auto industry leaders from  gm and  toyota to discuss the sta…
during  nsbw18   i met yesterday with the new jersey school nutrition association to discuss legislation in congress…
thanks to everyone who came to my clackamas county town hall tonight  your voice is critical to my work in dc
the house will be in session monday at 2 pm  let s start working on commonsense gun safety legislation now   2/4 
we are still in recess waiting for the senate to vote and send to us the funding bill  we may get it around 4 30am …
icmyi  check out my latest offthecuff podcast with  kqed s award-winning radio host michael krasny  you ll hear us…
tom and the trades it was great to meet with some of our local union leaders today  thank you for stopping by  liuna…
glad to greet patrick lavin and sherilyn wright from the international brotherhood of electrical workers  a strong…
my heartfelt appreciation to all of the women inducted this year into the san diego county women s hall of fame  it…
i join my colleagues and the american people in calling for  epascottpruitt s immediate resignation  mr  pruitt is…
this is why i ve called for a select committee to lead an inquiry into the events leading up to his abrupt dismissa…
great rally in oxnard this morning  ventura county is fired up to turn  ca26  blue  momentum
trump s attempt to expand low-quality health plans is just another attempt to undermine the  aca   california has…
thank you to members of the general assembly of both parties for your support of this expansion  and for your partn…
happy to welcome  ctrealtors and  easternctaor this afternoon for their annual n a r legislative visit to discuss iss…
this faq by  nilc_org &  unitedwedream can help you determine whether you qualify to apply →
last week i visited  spauldingrehab s new facility with its president david storto  this hospital provides tremendo…
the farm bill is the number one i ve heard about from constituents this month  today  i shared why i m opposed to t…
these levels honored our values as nation of immigrants  they also supported our economic  foreign policy  and national security interests
stop what you re doing  today is the deadline to sign up for 2018 health insurance  so don t wait  go to…
rt  janschakowsky  my colleagues and i met with two brave young women today who were kidnapped by boko haram and managed to escape  ahead o…
rt  repcicilline  with a little help from dr  seuss  rep  cicilline shares the story of how the grinch stole middle class tax cuts 
the us is facing a deadly flu season & the trump shutdown will only make it worse  the  washingtonpost outlines how…
today  we on the house agriculture committee are sitting down to discuss the text of the 2018 farm bill  the agricu…
gracias a  gardyalcalde por recibirme ayer  negocios como toro verde crean actividad económica e impulsan el turismo
wishing a happy and blessed passover to all celebrating tonight  chag sameach 
the aca made preventative care and birth control free  and banned insurers from discriminating against pre-existing…
it was a pleasure to host kamerin  a junior at  spelmancollege from detroit during their annual spelman student sh…
rt  audubonsociety  audubon s vice president for water conservation  julie hill-gabriel  is honored to join  repdarrensoto during french pr…
thank you to the national association of social workers -  nasw - for endorsing my candidacy  mapoli
on the 11th hour of the 11th day of the 11th month we pause to honor and remember those who have served in defense…
i took to the floor tonight to recognize national travel and tourism week  this vital industry creates jobs  generates…
due to inclement weather in d c   please note that this briefing has been postponed  stay tuned for updates  be saf…
rt  justingerdes    congressmanraja and  repralphnorman plan to launch a congressional solar caucus this spring  reports  georgecahlink
rt  housedemocrats  on holocaust remembrance day we pause to remember the 6 million jewish people and countless others who were murdered dur…
rt  joshualdawson  shout out to  kzalatores for running a great gotv effort for  capuano4senate in boston  masen
2017 was one of the most devastating years for natural disasters in history  fortunately   sbagov s disaster assist…
rt  collegecareerct  college signing day guest speaker congresswoman linda t  sanchez   replindasanchez  shares her educational journey wit…
like  potus  i stand with nancy because she embodies strong progressive values and will fight for us  regardless how…
here s why the tax cuts are such a hard sell for republicans
thanks to  militaryofficer s southeastern new england chapter president vincent messina for coming by  it s crucial…
rt  vetaffairsdems  incredible news  we proudly stand w/ veterans like hector & appreciate members like  repmarktakano who work tirelessly…
a3  even if you can t be in gillette  wy  on march 27th for the last listening session on the repeal of the  cpp   y…
 k72758527k  usda we made some good progress on puppers with restrictions in the omnibus spending bill  but more ca…
the wh must explain why it cut white helmet   syriacivildef  funding  this group helps those syrians brutalized by…
april is national minority health month  this morning  i spoke on the house floor to highlight the disparities that…
promesa  es un acuerdo bipartidista dirigido a lidiar con la crisis fiscal sin precedente de puerto rico  la cual es severa e inmediata 
i hope you and your family have a wonderful holiday 
i m proud of my f rating from the  nra  i will continue to fight against the gun lobby by supporting and introducin…
i secured  3 25 million in federal funds which will revamp one of the state s most dangerous intersections   2/2 
extremely troubling revelations about the chair of  ajitpaifcc  s broadband deployment advisory council   bdac    an…
today marks the anniversary of my swearing-in for the 105th congress  thank you to my incredible east bay constitue…
with today s government shutdown  we once again see political brinkmanship prevail over commonsense governance  ame…
it was a deep honor to present pfc edward d  eddings the medals & awards he earned w/ his courageous service during…
ever had a question for congressman rick nolan  our ask rick anything video series provides constituents a chance to…
rt  sandyhook  perspective | our kids were murdered at sandy hook  we re marching for them this weekend  marchforo…
good luck tomorrow  boston strong
reminder  calling on all business and restaurant owners in the rio grande valley  join us for dhs image and i-9 wor…
rt  uncf  uncf vp of public policy and government affairs on the campus of  famu_1887 with  repanthonybrown  repadams and  repallawsonjr fo…
no president is above the law  and mr  trump does not get a free pass on the mueller investigation because of upcom…
happy easter from my family to yours  
rt  rmurray9192  thank you    replipinski for your leadership in the kidney community and support for kidney x  and for recognizing the nee…
since young voices have risen up in the wake of the parkland shooting  i sense a real difference in washington  -…
looking forward to an important discussion on gun safety reform at my townhall for our lives on saturday  details her…
 repgosar why would you do such a thing   as  repjoecrowley said - what s wrong with you 
rt  historyeacher27  thank you  peterwelch for your time today  we enjoyed the conversation
mazel tov and happy 70th independence day to one of our closest allies  israel  yom haatz maut
while relieved the  dhsgov heeded my calls to renew tps for syrians  the admin should reconsider not redesignating…
today  we re telling  speakerryan that we can t wait until the next firearm attack to disarm hate  rt if you agree 
instead of tweeting like a child who hates science class  if you re so worried about the cold you could always send…
rt  bishoptimonhigh  congressman brian higgins recently sponsored the congressional art competition  congratulations to junior  zachary hal…
rt  hrc  today  repjoekennedy spoke to advocates and  hrc supporters about the critical importance of l g b t q-inclusive legislation and the…
congratulations to desiree linden-- san diegan and the first american woman to win the boston marathon since 1985 
i call on house republican leadership to place country ahead of party and join me in making clear that firing the s…
rt  teampelosi  paul ryan got painfully and brutally slapped with not one  not two  not three but four pinocchios for *deliberately lying*…
to all those celebrating in michigan and around the world  happy passover 
pleased  nygovcuomo is taking proactive steps to curb discrimination  now more than ever we must fight hate
going on  cnn now 
50 years ago today  the first 9-1-1 call was made in alabama  since then 9-1-1 call centers have been the first poi…
50 years ago today  we lost a transformative and influential american hero  dr  king s fight for justice and equali…
as expected  the decisions by the trump administration to repeal the individual mandate penalty and expand short-te…
rt  diegs_11  a pleasure to witness the bipartisan discussion on the future of latinos in constructive politics with  repdarrensoto &  rep…
we ve got two great senators in il that support our health care  but how do we impact states that don t  we get   
rt  theethanfields  ran into  repstephmurphy in orlando today  we need more representatives who prioritize ending gun violence in washingto…
amen  and collective action is needed to assure these families have health care  child care  homes and water witho…
  realdonaldtrump continues breaking his promises  this time by abandoning the millions of hard-working families st…
reminder - town forums start tomorrow - click below to find a town forum near you 
thanks for coming by 
 i was honored to have been joined by hartford s finest today  whether they are responding to a terrorist attack  n…
the non-partisan congressional budget office  cbo  estimates that 24 million people would lose health care coverage under   
next saturday will mark the 4-year anniversary of when boko haram abducted the chibok girls pictured here  they wer…
happening soon  my twitter chat with  defendourfuture 
another step backwards for an administration already going full throttle in reverse  if you re worried about our na…
43% of  dctag  students come from households with annual incomes of less than  30 000  dctag provides a critical pat…
as we continue to celebrate black history month  i hope you will join me in recognizing the countless contributions…
iran has violated international law by testing long-range ballistic missiles and transferring weapons to terrorist…
i am an original cosponsor of a house resolution with 170 of my colleagues formally requesting the resignation of s…
this editorial cartoon from matt wuerker of politico hits the nail on the head  continued silence from stubborn rep…
fism is an international magic competition held every three years  for this week s magic monday  i hope you enjoy a…
 reprobinkelly  it was a good game  but once again michigan came out on top 
rt  cityofbeaverton  the mayor s youth advisory board hit capital hill today to discuss youth issues with congresswoman bonamici 
rt  mclyburnfcc  excited to join  repmarktakano on tuesday  3/27  for a net neutrality forum on the campus of riverside city college  rccso…
great news on federal funding for the green line extension  mapoli mbta
rt  reprobinkelly  the rooney rule should be a floor  not a ceiling  this is just one of many strategies to increase d i v e r s i t yin t e c h & ach…
now is the time  join  everytown &  momsdemand to throw them out 
i ll be on  foxnews with  tuckercarlson at 5 30 pm pacific discussing the latest on the 2020 census  immigration  and syria 
on this bill  there is only one option--and that option is to vote no 
glad to join in thanking christmas in april volunteers in prince george s county today  hundreds of marylanders par…
we are proud of our diversity and immigrant communities in mi-14  the census bureau routinely undercounts communiti…
a coal lobbyist directing the  epa  now i ve seen everything   andrewrwheeler has dedicated his career to weakening…
team m l g met with representatives from the navajo department of health to discuss how important these programs are…
rt  jfklibrary  happy easter  the kennedy family after easter services in palm beach  florida  1963  more photos 
this is what happens when you rush shoddy legislation  this bill is undoubtedly riddled with loopholes and giveaway…
wall street is gearing up for another party over the still-unreleased trump infrastructure scam  instead  we should…
i am hosting this event  with support from my education task force  to inform parents and caregivers about students…
a record   of ppl have signed up for health insurance in this open enrollment period  in 2018  we must contribute t…
we need innovative technologies to help us tackle the challenges facing our environment  it was great to see how lo…
thanks for teaching me how to rivet  mylo  programs like the core plus manufacturing class sponsored by  boeing at…
more broken promises from  realdonaldtrump  tpp would accelerate the outsourcing of good-paying american jobs and d…
  housegop s farm bill guts nearly  20 billion from  snap   our country s best anti-hunger program  this could cause…
i visited flint with  repdankildee and other members of congress in february 2016 to meet with residents and local…
rt  hansilowang  three days before may 18  gopoversight hearing on 2020census   oversightdems call for subpoena to force justice departmen…
this thanksgiving  i m thankful for the opportunity to represent ventura county in congress and for everyone working to create better vc 
i commend  hvac  for passing the va electronic health record modernization oversight act  a bill i introduced back i…
americans will not stand for  realdonaldtrump interfering with the mueller investigation  nor should they  american…
glad to join ywca lake county for saturday s economic empowerment event   ywcalakecounty1
i m a proud sponsor of the freedom of religion act  that prohibits screening immigrants via religious tests  article→https //t co/thilrflnof
on this tax day  let us not forget the terrible impacts of the g o p tax scam  republicans sold out working americans…
congratulations to the amazing constituent of michigan s 14 district megan keller and the women s olympic hockey t…
this is great news for everyone working to recover and rebuild from the recent rain and flooding  mahalo to the…
today i am standing with students in the san gabriel valley & across the country to say never again  rt to show you…
rt  repmceachin   secretaryzinke has plenty of time for oil & coal lobbyists and none for his own national parks advisory council  misplace…
democrats have a real plan to give people a better deal through investing in our workers & reprioritizing groundbrea…
the senate has been playing political games w/ pres  obama s attorney general nomination  time to confirm lynch now 
tony walker was a great dad and loving husband  remembering the fallen men and women of the thin blue line
today s health care decisions can be confusing  my office can help walk you through the process of evaluating and…
rt  hfacdemocrats  rm  repeliotengel s statement on the russia sanctions announced today 
i am proud of the democrats who stood up for dreamers in the wee hours of the morning and cast a very difficult vot…
good morning florida 
this afternoon  i sat down with  senatordurbin and ag  leaders to discuss how trump s trade war would impact il far…
rt  dominicancanews  u s   rephuffman hosts student summit on school safety and gun violence prevention with stoneman douglas h s grad bradle…
when a parent serves in the military or  delawareng  the whole family serves  during monthofthe military child  we…
rt  housenewdems  happy birthday to new dem vice chair  repjaredpolis 
hawaii was the 1st state in the us to set a 100% clean energy goal by 2045  rep  tulsi gabbard intro d the o f f act…
9a  your voices matter  staying engaged is critical  meet with your lawmakers  write and call them  educate yourself on the issues  vote 
rt  jbendery  anyway  here are the top 10 house and senate recipients of nra money
excellent piece by jonathan stevenson  iiss on what mcmaster leaves behind via  nytopinion
rt  tulsipress   icymi   rep  tulsi gabbard introduces bipartisan legislation to help hawaii  us farmers fight invasive species
i am inspired by the march for our lives nyc activists from  columbia who hand-delivered constituent postcards urging…
rt  telegramreports  breaking  rocky mount councilman lamont wiggins has been appointed to serve as an n c  superior court judge 
the concealed carry reciprocity act would allow anyone to carry a gun nationwide without regard to state laws  this…
reminder  state offices in kent and new castle counties will open at 10am today  3/22/18  please remember to clea…
rt  repalgreen  let s celebrate the first 58 who voted to impeach trump yesterday  retweet now  first58
rt  mdjonline  full statements from cobb county s representatives in washington  d c  regarding health care bill
happy small business week  do you want to learn more about how to grow your idea into a small biz   sbagov can help…
this week  alongside my colleagues in the house and senate  i introduced a resolution in support of…
  statedept says it does not need to sanction anyone for doing business with russian defense or intelligence sector…
black babies in wisconsin die at higher rates than any other us state  our babies are dying at rates similar to th…
rt  napaba   repdarrensoto — the first puerto rican congressman from florida — brings the ☀️ to  napaba s 2018  apahm  congressional recepti…
what  epascottpruitt deems  secret science  is any and all science and research that runs counter to his mission of…
rt  fscdems  conflict of interest alert  mulvaney has dual roles at  omb  and the  cfpb   he runs  omb  out of the white house and reports to…
today  my colleagues and i called on israel to allow members of congress to enter gaza and oversee the appropriate…
black history month is american history month  check out one of the videos i filmed for  wetv and amc networks to ce…
congratulations to kevin mcaleenan on his confirmation as commissioner of customs and border patrol  cbp  i look fo…
today s decision by scotus is 25 years overdue  by allowing states the freedom to run their own affairs  i am hopef…
i ve been told  this nita lowey list is 🔥🔥🔥   take a listen on  spotify  in honor of womens history month &…
rt  repteddeutch  say their names and remember them 
rt  nadeennews6  his family is one of hundreds in fl  repdarrensoto is working with  other lawmakers including  marcorubio &  senbillnelson…
rt  hunterandangler   repgenegreen   repdebdingell   jefffortenberry discuss importance of recovering america s wildlife act today on capit…
2/2  peace in the region and a lasting two state solution will not be achieved by military force  the us must rest…
at the  rxsummit in atlanta  speaking about the important work that s still left to do when it comes to curbing th…
these military-style weapons allow those intent on doing harm to outgun members of law enforcement  and they have n…
rt  senatorbaldwin  thanks to  repjaredpolis   roslehtinen   bobbyscott and  repmarktakano for their leadership in the house introducing th…
on day 1  we held the forum on violence against transgender people  including survivors   hrc  transequality &  translawcenter  disarm hate
trump s continuing obsession with destroying president obama s legacy first risked the health insurance of millions…
to the great people of minnesota s 8th district  i am announcing today that i will not seek re-election  the grat…
i m asking the national endowment for the arts to reconsider its decision not to allow maine student allan monga to…
teachers are fed up with the status quo  overcrowded schools  outdated textbooks  and embarrassingly low teacher sa…
lbj signed wilderness act to protect lands in  their original & unchanging beauty & wonder  otd in 1964  thank you 
saddened at the passing of dorothy height  a champion for women and african americans for nearly eight decades  thr…
this morning  i proudly took part in the groundbreaking ceremony for the multi purpose education building at the   
today  7k pairs of shoes were laid at the capitol to represent the 7k children killed due to gun violence since san…
rep  cicilline calls for action to protect workers  pensions
today  the u s  house of representatives approved my legislation to designate the indiana dunes national lakeshore…
scott pruitt recklessly spent taxpayer dollars for personal gain  then silenced his staff when they tried to talk h…
the constitution is crystal clear  if the president wants to continue our involvement in syria  he must come to co…
house democrats are focused on lowering the cost of prescription drugs  repairing our crumbling infrastructure and…
a lot has happened over the last two weeks  catch up on the latest news from both washingtons here 
rt  jasonisbell  lots of great things happened for my family this year and we are grateful  but i can t say the year was a  good  one  even…
rt  peoplefor  one last chance to save the internet  today we rallied with  senschumer  speaker  nancypelosi  rep   repannaeshoo and more t…
 gobrightline service in miami starts on saturday  please make sure your children know to  stay behind the yellow l…
many thanks to the santa clara county medical association for raising their concerns on the ridiculous cost of pres…
rt  joegarofoli  a long chat with the only member of congress who says he doesn t believe in god -  rephuffman on the new episode of its al…
congratulations to  citysanfernando mariachi master apprentice program   sfmmap  for being awarded a  50 000 grant…
so many exciting things happening at  texastech — grateful to get an update today from  texastechpres and other sch…
click below for all the information on the 2017 congressional art competition   cac2017… 
rt  whiphoyer  the bill passed by  housegop last night is further proof of their inability to govern  it s time for them to work with democ…
economic inequality is our country s most serious domestic issue 
  realdonaldtrump says 98% of mass shootings happen in gun free zones  he s not even close  details here 
these changes  which i called for in an  washingtonpost op-ed after co-leading a bipartisan congressional trip to…
we know how these trickle-down fantasies play out in the real world  same republicans adding trillions to deficit w…
the martin luther king  jr  holiday is a day on  not a day off  it is a day of service to our communities  to our b…
they say teamwork makes the dream work and this is especially true in roofing   mbm 
great piece from my friend  roybahat on his experience with our comeback cities tour  i look forward to cultivating…
2/ all the evidence we have indicates that it has  and the proof s in the pudding – three years ago they were mere…
more than 50 years ago  martin luther king said  our goal is to create a beloved community       love builds up and…
you should get a better cable package  so you don t have to watch me  i d recommend something that let s you follow…
although the president has the might to impose his bigotry into our policies  his might won t make his wrongs right…
rt  repmcgovern  america has always been a beacon of hope for countless generations of immigrants dreaming of a brighter future  proud to…
same  enough is enough end gun violence
 runyan50  amyklobuchar  tinasmithmn you betcha 
58 years ago today  i was arrested for the first time as a participant in the sit-ins at lunch counters in downtown…
congratulations 
trump administration holds up merger involving parent company of cnn  whose coverage trump hates  while trump s law…
thankgiving thankful for the best life partnership humanly possible  my wife   thank you   i love you   and i m g…
donald trump pretends to champion hardworking americans  but he has sided with giant corporations every chance he gets  g o p tax scam
best of luck to  burkemtnacademy alum  mikaelashiffrin  incredible  dedicated athlete and a great olympian 
colorado  the state of purple mountain majesty   senbennetco & i are reintroducing the continental divide recreatio…
had a productive discussion in  energycommerce today about my draft legislation w/ greggharper that looks to increa…
spoke earlier at house dems sit in abt the majority of americans who want commonsense gun safety laws  we hear you 
congressional art competition deadline is tomorrow  dc students—don t miss the chance to show your artwork in the us…
 renzila13  marcorubio  wplglocal10  wsvn  sunsentinel  miamiherald right 
i introduced the stop hate act to direct  commercegov &  thejusticedept to analyze the role socialmedia plays in c…
rt  swetalk  thank you to  congressmanraja and  reppaultonko for offering remarks at our congressional outreach reception  s w e advocacy htt…
when we win back the house this november perhaps we should send trump a thank you card  nah  blue wave2018
check out  humblecoffee s blue logo coffee cups for autism awareness month  grab a latte when you go visit 
rt  housesbcdems  in today s hearing  ranking member  nydiavelazquez asked representatives from  autismspeaks  johnscrazysocks  autismsocie…
praying for everyone affected by the horrific train derailment in washington state and all the first responders wor…
rt  housejuddems  rm  repjerrynadler to  repgoodlatte   i was not surprised when president trump took to twitter to gloat…i was surprised …
winter storm warning in effect for nassau county starting at 1 00 a m  tonight  with 5-8 inches of snow likely & hi…
the news that  potus wanted to fire mueller in december marks the second time he has contemplated firing the specia…
wishing  flotus a full and speedy recovery 
father pat conroy s service for the last seven years has been a blessing of grace & dignity to the house  it is tru…
 bhm  spotlight  bernard anthony harris jr  is a former nasa astronaut  on february 9  1995  harris became the first…
check out these 6 ways you can instantly improve your credit score   flm2018 
from misusing taxpayer dollars  to violating lobbying laws  to denying the impact of climate change  scott pruitt h…
the g o p tax scam does not create a more fair and simple tax code for hardworking americans  it s a christmas 🎅 givea…
we had a great evening talking about the opportunities and challegenes facing women in the work place with shelley…
their  1 5 trillion spending spree  cutting taxes for the wealthiest americans and corporations  has clearly given…
this tax cut legislation does not make the tax code any simpler or any fairer  this bill is a slap in the face to real people 
four years later  flint families are still recovering from the water crisis and having to use filters & bottled wat…
today  senate democrats vote to save the internet  i am proud to support similar net neutrality legislation alongsid…
thank you to the people of ohio s 9th district  and thank you to my colleagues and everyone who made this honor so…
the clean air act became law 47 years ago today  we should continue to build on this success and protect our famili…
friend goals ⚾️ red sox nation mapoli  davidortiz
and you cannot use the office of the presidency to provoke violence  domestically or with leaders abroad  4/5
rt  worldpancreatic  do you know what signs and symptoms to look for with pancreaticcancer  being aware could save a life  know the sympto…
did you know that only one house republican has cosponsored the paycheck fairness act  there is absolutely no reason…
  realdonaldtrump calling putin to congratulate him on his  victory  in russia s elections makes a mockery of our o…
on holocaust remembrance day we honor the 6million jews &millions of others lost during one of the darkest chapters…
i stand with my constituents who depend on planned parenthood for quality care & say no to a domestic gag rule rest…
attention all  ga02  high school students  my office is accepting entries for this year s…
rt  4taxfairness  we are here today to say that this tax plan is a tax scam  - replawrence taxday
rt  disneynewsla  elena de avalor es la madrina del desfile con motivo del día de la independencia de méxico  en el este de los Ángeles
nothing is more of a priority for me as a representative and as an american than honoring our veterans and military…
assad must be held accountable for his horrific attacks on civilians  but ordering a military strike without a cohe…
when you sign up to serve our country  you have earned the right to become a united states citizen  we must continu…
it is unacceptable that the trump administration has ended tps for 9 000 nepalese immigrants  congress must pass my…
the constitution gives congress the power to declare war  my res reasserts this authority to ensure ww iii cannot b…
with pinellas  rental and housing market booming  affordable housing is more important than ever  investments in ou…
working on this     pressing  fema and puerto rico governor  ricardorossello to change their harsh decision to halt…
fifty years ago  we lost a voice for truth and justice  we honor dr  king by continuing the fight to ensure that ju…
  amazon is ahead of the curve in so many ways  but their resistance to senior level diversity is something that n…
i was honored to receive the 2018 distinguished community health advocate award from albany area primary healthcare…
as we continue in black history month and pay tribute to the generations of african-americans who struggled with ad…
rt  neilparekh_uww  please join me in thanking  repcurbelo &  repdannydavis for championing and  waysandmeansgop /  waysmeanscmte for passi…
this evening marks the beginning of yom hashoa  holocaust remembrance day  this day we remember the 6 million jews…
i had a great time today at proto-cutter in freeport for my 60th  cheri on shift   i enjoyed learning about their m…
happy international womens day  i m inspired by the many women who ve made progress in closing the gender-divide  bu…
there are more than 400 national parks across the u s  when you visit  you can enjoy history  hiking  biking  fishi…
in honor of black history month  we have assembled a group of young entrepreneurs to talk about their experiences i…
people live with mental health issues in countries around the world – but no other industrial country sees as much…
whether you re just getting out of the service or you ve been a civilian for years now  the va welcome kit can help…
special counsel robert mueller just indicted 13 russian nationals and other entities  alleging that they conspired…
the department of homeland security is utterly wrong to terminate temporary protected status for 57 000 hondurans …
rt  fcnlgreen  thank you  repcartwright &  replancenj7 for your bill addressing the need to plan & prepare for extreme weather
icymi  read about how i m fighting to protect nevada s solar jobs 
rt  malarianomore  thank you to  repgregorymeeks and  repchrissmith for your ongoing commitment in the fight against malaria 
rt  taxjustice   they said they were going to draintheswamp  they moved into the swamp and drained the treasury instead    repraskin vote…
recent efforts at the department of justice with regard to u s  immigration courts raise serious concerns about do…
   and inappropriate relationship with the fossil fuel industry  it s time for scott pruitt to resign and for presi…
rt  nydiavelazquez  don t forget - join me   repjeffries  repespaillat  legalaidnyc  thenyhc  cssnyorg today - at noon on city hall steps…
 realdonaldtrump  interior  secretaryzinke as we go forward  i will work across the aisle to ensure that  interior…
that has helped hundreds of thousands of children and families  2/7
thank you  alsassociation for fighting against  als  to make a positive difference for those living with this diseas…
i call on  speakerryan &  housegop to finally allow a vote to create the independent commission on russian hacking to protect our democracy
a mind to work  
rt  nglcc   botb18  honoree  repjoekennedy shares a story of a pride parade memory that always gives him hope  spoiler  it involved  barney…
rt  officialcbc    nersyntaktes22 c b c on healthcare
  realdonaldtrump  california is a trailblazer and an innovator  i will not stop defending our progress and our peo…
all americans got an extra day to file their taxes thanks to d c emancipation day  dc residents  who pay the highest…
americans live & work at a pace unlike anything we ve ever seen before  it s time to make sure their government can…
as the proud daughter of  dcpublicschools teacher vela holmes  i want to thank all of our teachers  who instill som…
what better way to continue the spirit of earth day than a trip to your national park for national park week  until…
had a great conversation with dick kay--check it out    
need help with a federal agency  and couldn t make it to my constituent services forum in port angeles today  reach…
workers   6 billion  shareholders   171 billion  g o p tax scam tax day2018
mahalo to diana shaw and her hard working staff at the lanai community health center for meeting with us this after…
former  uscbo director douglas holtz-eakin has said before that tax cuts don t pay for themselves  at this morning …
rt  thaoleatherman  thanks  dearbornjenny  repannaeshoo  svleadershipgrp & other executive women group for a great discussion on advancing…
as cic   potus is charged with protecting america s vital interests  but he does not bear this burden alone as the…
honored to have joined world leaders in israel to honor legacy of shimon peres who i ve admired as man of faith  co…
i urge congress to pass  sesta   perpetrators of humantrafficking have become more sophisticated & organized  requi…
the gop has voted for the faulty corporate welfare and billionaire benefit plan again  how do you explain making th…
i voted this week for me too legislation to address sexual harassment on capitol hill  i m grateful to my friend…
i ll be on the project independence and you radio show at 10 45 this morning with john ryan  you can tune in on 88 …
after pulse  doctors  nurses  and medical staff in our community worked tirelessly to save the lives of victims  on…
the g o p tax bill is a handout to wealthy corporations that sells out working families and blows up the deficit by  1…
for 50 years  the fair housing act has helped combat discrimination & ensure all americans have access to safe  aff…
i asked facebook ceo mark zuckerberg about his commitment to diversity at facebook and across the tech industry  h…
when children succeed  our communities succeed  it was a pleasure sitting down with the boys and girls club and hea…
thanks for dropping by   rizahmad 
the unraveling of net neutrality protections begins today  you may not see changes right away but you should know t…
rt  reptimwalz  i would like to offer a special thanks to  repblumenauer &  reploucorrea for their leadership on this issue  veterans have…
🌴🐊🐟 keep the heart of florida alive  read 👇  fl_wildcorridor  watching gladesto gulf  carltonward  mdimmitt…
had a great visit to great country timber frames in ellington  a timber manufacturing & design facility that opene…
i was honored to meet winnie mandela   after madiba was freed & stirred the conscience of the world - she was a for…
i am proud to continue leading the bipartisan effort in congress to combat the scourge of human trafficking  one vi…
rt  credomobile  good advice from  repjoekennedy  read his full  usatoday op-ed on republican hypocrisy on mental health 
the farm bill makes clear the  housegop s intent isn t to give people the skills they need to obtain good-paying jo…
the tenacity of  msd  students in the face of tragedy is unlike anything i ve seen in my years of public service  th…
rt  alzadvocatefl  my day isn t complete w/o thanking  repdarrensoto for agreeing to cosponsor the b o l d alzheimers act  you have honored eve…
linda brown went from a quiet third-grade student to the face of one of the most significant civil rights victories…
joined  repbonnie to introduce hres 854  we have to speak out about sexual violence—especially in disenfranchised a…
i was honored to participate in  lchsnews tribe tv and discuss the significant issues involved in our nation s gun…
that s why i ve been working to fix what isn t working to make it better  protect our care patients over politics 4/
 orlandopolice  orlandomayor
icymi  my remarks on the house floor this week in support of students raising their voices on the need for reforms…
since republicans allowed the assault weapons ban to lapse in 2004  the number of mass shootings has increased  180…
thank you cecile for your devotion to women s health  you ve helped millions get the care they need  have a good la…
this mothers day  moms dont need ❌ unequal pay ❌ cruel immigration policies that separate mothers from their childre…
rt  jemelehill  years from now  the nfl will be embarrassed it kept a player out of the league for being a humanitarian 
president trump s mediocre  200 billion infrastructure plan leaves states  cities  and local governments to foot th…
i posted a new photo to facebook
rt  gonzalestribune  local student receives congressional award
the dignity for detained immigrants act fixes our broken system and removes the profit motive behind the jailing of thousands of people 
rt  donaldnorcross  thank you  replawrence & the congressional caucus for women s issues for inviting me to your hearing today  it was an…
the trump administration proposal to cut  chip   a lifeline for so many kids  is just the latest gop attempt to take…
this is good news that will help reduce premiums and stabilize the markets  must continue working in a bipartisan w…
today  i joined  senbooker   repjoshg  bergen county executive james j  tedesco  & local officials to announce the…
thanks to rep  stephen lynch and councilor michael flaherty for being gracious hosts at the annual st  patrick s da…
congrats to  ucsfbenioffoak on opening its newly expanded outpatient center  the expanded center adds exam rooms  o…
thank you again to all of the amazing young artists who participated in the congressional art competition  congratu…
happy teacher appreciation week to all the men and women who are committed to our students and their futures  and a…
this young man s story is a reminder of all that america s immigrants have to offer  we cannot turn our backs on am…
rt  officialcbc  today  a majority of our members in the house voted against tabling a resolution to debate impeachment of  realdonaldtrum…
we owe the families and the survivors far more than thoughts or prayers  we owe them concrete action that will make…
rt  repcohen  trump s  fox & friends  rant was beyond unhinged  cnn 25th amendment evidence 
i ve been getting a lot of complaints from folks in the hudson valley about delayed mail delivery from the  usps  a…
have questions about the college financial aid process  please stop by my college affordability workshop on februar…
joined  kpbsmidday to discuss the president s decision to withdraw from the iran deal  listen to the full interview…
congratulations  class of 2018  r i c grad2018
my statement on the  housegop g o p tax scam 
mi columna mensual en la opinión sobre el censo2020 y la pregunta acerca del estatus de ciudadanía   ca44 
rt  hispaniccaucus  we will be following this case closely  for now   dhsgov has 90 days to explain why the  daca  program was terminated  i…
this teacher appreciation week  i want to give a special shout out to all the teachers who made me who i am today  i…
this country needs a big infrastructure plan – to repair our communities and to put our people back to work  presi…
2 weeks until big guns  pre-order today and receive a signed bookplate 
visiting 2nd graders at washington elementary school in richmond was one of the highlights of my day  i enjoyed rea…
friday plans 
rt  tim_cook  it was an honor to host the c b c tech2020 task force at apple park today for a conversation about diversity in tech  thank you…
icymi  my op-ed in  thehill highlights bipartisan legislation i introduced this past week to repeal the trump admin…
 injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere   i am holding these words from martin luther king  jr  dear…
  sensanders and i introduced the opioid crisis accountability act to penalize drug companies for false marketing &…
rt  joshrogin  u s  freezes funding for syria s  white helmets  very troubling by important news from  kylieatwood
follow our congressional field hearing on the historic 2017 hurricane season  impacts on the u s  virgin islands  i…
on may 4  1961  13 riders left washington dc in buses determined to undermine the segregation of jim crow  they wou…
reminder  join us  today my office will be hosting a military service academy informational session in mission for…
rt  nbcnews   i am more offended as an african american woman than you will ever be   rep  maxine waters responds to rep  mike kelly s wo…
today i kicked off the south sound tech conference in tacoma  i spoke about my work as co-chair of the…
proud to have the endorsement of  phillyforchange
congrats to elmer wood elementary & atwater elementary school district for their california state education honors…
delaware s students are taking a stand against gun violence by walking out and saying   enough is enough  …
glad to have them in my office to discuss recovery efforts and honored to receive the 2018 national emergency manag…
without input from the american people and their elected representatives  the trump administration could make nafta…
  att and  novartis should come before congress and explain their payments to michael cohen  this reeks of influenc…
please vote for my friend  timtoomey1 in tomorrow s state primary   gotv  mapoli
rt  danishahr   brownformd just voted for you  i m praying for you  please do your best  keep god 1st and do what s best for md  thank you 
earth day is a reminder that we only get one planet to call home  in congress  i am fighting against all attempts t…
great story  vermont veteran entrepreneurs committed to a business model that prioritizes giving back to the commun…
thank you  uschamber for awarding me with the 2017 spirit of enterprise award  i will continue to support pro-job …
there s something unique about this ruling against president trump s attack on sanctuary cities  all three judges a…
more than  5 3 trillion in global sea-based trade passes annually through south china sea  stability and security of the region is critical 
arizona ranks 5 in the nation for economic momentum  on our jobs tour  we re working with businesses to continue t…
a very special evening for local cheektowaga couples celebrating their 50th wedding anniversary 
rt  ydmo   america was not built on fear  america was built on courage  on imagination and an unbeatable determination to do the job at han…
icymi  pruitt came to committee and made it through by distorting facts and blaming subordinates  he is the epa adm…
as  appropsdems ranking member  i helped secure  400m under omnibus for bus & bus facilities competitive grant prog…
i am pleased that democrats were able to fight off attempts to legislate cutting federal funds to so-called  sanctuary cities  
had a great time talking about community service  growing up in the inland empire  and how to improve my swing with…
joined  repandybiggsaz to update  evpartnership   apsfyi and arizona business leaders on how we put partisanship as…
join me on 4/2 at 3pm for a press event announcing the introduction of the energy opportunity zones act  as diablo…
 due to a  10 000 cap and a higher standard deduction  the percentage of middle-class households getting a federal…
see my statement on the passage of h r  3053  the nuclear waste policy amendments act  aka screw nevada 2 0  i ve l…
happy halloween  check out these science stories for a real life fright  halloween2017
honor to speak at vietnam 50th anniversary commemorative medal ceremony hosted at museum of american armor  god ble…
if your  daca  status expires before march 5th  you must submit your renewal application by thursday  october 5th  m…
alert  today is the last day to enroll in health insurance for 2018  don t miss your chance to getcovered 
making an awful plan even worse  the g o p tax plan is to raise health care costs for working families to carve out ta…
 garminaviation develops airplane gps technologies right here in salem  great talking to more than 500 of their loc…
rt  librarycongress  today in history  happy birthday to us  president john adams approves establishment of the library of congress  1800 …
proud to join  jrosenworcel and  joshstein_ at  hqraleigh to talk about net neutrality and the importance of a free…
instead of trying to repeal the  aca  & block grant medicaid  two pillars of u s  addiction treatment  congress sh…
the president s remarks imply that this may not be the last military action his administration takes  but as of yet…
good move  the us must stand with our allies against russia s recklessness and aggression around the globe 
rt  nilc_org   realdonaldtrump the court is giving the trump administration 90 days to explain why they ended  daca   which the administrati…
the federal government needs to do a better job at addressing border sewage spills  i m pushing for an investigatio…
thank you to everyone who came this morning  it s always great to talk to illinoisians with  senatordurbin 
rt  rebeccacokley   people who build our country  snap recipients  want to feed their families with healthy food to feed their bodies and t…
if we leave polluters unchecked  or if we fail to regulate the waste they produce appropriately  many of us may liv…
 chelseaclinton thank you  chelseaclinton  pj
rt  hispaniccaucus  join the  hispaniccaucus for a tweetstorm today at 1pm et to oppose the trump administration s decision to add an untes…
i m wishing a happy lunar new year to all those celebrating in the inland empire  across the country  and around th…
85 years ago today  president roosevelt appointed frances perkins as his secretary of labor – the first ever female…
in addition  the attorney general should immediately open an investigation into whether he violated federal crimina…
happy opening day  great to have baseball back 
father conroy should not have been asked to resign  he has been an outstanding chaplain and is a friend and guide f…
nearly 100 days in & dc is swampier than ever  i have a bill to help pres trump keep his promise to drainthe swamp
throwback – check out this op-ed i wrote for the hill on how we can and we must expand social security to keep it…
this will do nothing to make us safer and unfairly bars transgender americans from serving their nation  there s no…
daca participants work legally  pay taxes  and contribute to the us economy  they do not deserve to be in this situ…
i posted a new photo to facebook
rt  bobbyscott  when i was in college  students were able to graduate without crushing debt  unfortunately  that is not the reality for man…
 this is a huge win for the manufacturers and workforce that make connecticut a world-leader in hydrogen and fuel c…
the fight to save title ii net neutrality protection is about guaranteeing every citizen s right to dissent 
after meeting with local leaders in clackamas county  it s clear that addressing transportation and infrastructure…
discussing workforce issues facing the salem region w/community  business & education leaders at  salemhighschool…
rt  davidearllive  bill allowing public-private partnership for va buildings now ready for  potus signature  huge news for omaha   ketv ht…
glad to hear first lady melania trump is out of surgery and doing well  wishing  flotus a speedy recovery 
rt  farmpolicy    repdavidscott i have served on this committee for 15 yrs- some of my dearest friends on are on  houseagnews  but this is…
thank you to all the military spouses in san diego who support our servicemembers and help keep military communitie…
rt  brianschatz  please rt if you think that every senator should be given enough time to read a multi-trillion dollar piece of legislation 
reminder that submissions for the 2018 congressional art competition are due in the merrillville office this friday…
gop tax cuts put a burden on our children
the bipartisan  bicameral  flood mapping modernization and homeowner empowerment pilot program act of 2018  will en…
rt  mayorbriley  today is the last day to early vote  8am-7pm at belle meade city hall  bellevue library  bordeaux library  casa azafrán  e…
at all levels of government  we need to expand and improve our investments in clean water and drinking water infras…
after principal runs a marathon  donors chip in  94 400 for philly school via  phillydotcom
g o p tax scam is bad for working families  bad politics too 
this international workers day i stand with the workers and union members fighting for fair wages  safe working cond…
if you live in portage county and experienced storm damage please report damage to portage county emergency management at 715-343-6200 
emergency locations are open in columbus
 today  we remember my father s death  but most importantly  we must remember the purpose and power of his life  …
today  my office will host an informative video conference from washington d c  regarding the omnibus appropriation…
rt  repmarkpocan  president trump s infrastructure plan is just another example of the gop looking out for the wealthy & corporations inste…
thanks to the local officials and members of the town meeting for your civic pride and hard work in this most basic…
proud to announce a  3 6 million investment for westchester county buses with  repeliotengel and  nitalowey 
icymi  here s my exchange with  epascottpruitt  he s abusing taxpayer dollars  using his office for private gain an…
  potus  refusal to hold the russian government accountable is an outrage  setting the stage for possible future at…
without the iran deal s rigorous inspections  iran could resume its illegal nuclear weapons program  pulling out of…
promesa pone fin al mito de q pr tiene algún tipo de estatus político especial y beneficioso y revela q desde el 1898 somos un territorio
 darkness cannot drive out darkness  only light can do that  hate cannot drive out hate  only love can do that   -…
hear the first excerpt from the audiobook edition of big guns from  simonaudio 
none of the 400 000 homeowners in baltimore city  baltimore county  or howard county will be allowed to claim deduc…
so inspired by the leadership of the parkland students  who have turned tragedy into a movement  the…
good to see  mysticseaport president steve white in dc this morning   mysticseaport is an eastern ct treasure  and…
so much for  speakerryan s talk of putting an end to  housegop s relentless obstruction & dysfunction  where s the budget they promised 
today i joined my colleagues on  housejuddems to help announce special counsel integrity act  it s companion to sen…
needs to work on his putting 
farm to table is a perfect way to celebrate small business week and cornelio candelaria organics  located in the hear…
this congress has failed the american people  gun violence
 astrostarbright  oprah  theellenshow  wrinkleintime you re that girl  taylor  keep reaching for the stars 
remember the deepwater disaster oil spill 8 years ago that claimed 11 lives and took 6 months to cap  now  trump is…

the upcoming winter storm is expected to bring ice  snow  and bone-chilling temps  make sure you re prepared & stay…
first lady barbara bush was a remarkable woman whose compassion touched the lives of many  when i met her  it was c…
trump  i didn t know about any hush money  cohen  he didn t know  guliani  of course he knew  trump  he doesn t kno…
roadblocks to the polls threaten our democracy  congress should make it easier for our citizens to vote everywhere…
rt  fgnewstimes  today   repbonamici met with  pacificu students for a discussion on sexual violence and establishing healthy relationships…
still waiting for final details on gop tax bill  but here s a sketch of what we are expecting 
the  housegop tax bill doesn t address carried interest loophole  even after pres  trump promised to eliminate it 
glad to have the re-election endorsement of the minnesota police and peace officers association today
rt  wcax  vt rep  peterwelch pushes for low-income heating assistance funding
1/2 -- i thank my fellow first-term colleagues on both sides of the aisle for fighting with me for reform in congre…
sat down with  autodesk ceo andrew anagnost  a constituent of  ca11   to talk about autodesk s work to digitize the…
gina haspel s questionable role in illegal torture programs should disqualify her from serving as the cia director …
🇺🇸 thanks  macdill_afb  everyone loves our tampa tampa bay  blueangels air show and i hope all of our neighbors ap…
i am pleased to announce the launch of my new  mobile-friendly congressional website at
representative j j  johnson announced his retirement on the floor of the delaware house of representatives this aft…
i had the honor of speaking with students and parents at the anaheim union high school district s career fair 
this spirit day  i stand with  lgbtq  youth against school bullying  you are supported  and you are not alone 
rt  housejuddems  this week s full committee  markup   1⃣ congressional subpoenas 2⃣  hr2228    law enforcement mental health 3⃣ access to…
rt  jonathanalter  who will tell the people 
rt  melslien  rep johnson   lack of diversity in the fbi   [the top executives]  they all look alike   he joked      i m sure they re all n…
rt  transportdems  we ve waited long enough for a proposal from the white house  congress must act to fix our crumbling infrastructure  htt…
excellent reporting on why power in puerrto rico was down for so long and still vulnerable - now  good coverage of…
each year  the women of  dstinc1913 descend upon capitol hill to use our collective voices to stand up for our comm…
i want to commend all the san fernando valley participants in the nationwide school walk out  and everyone travelin…
rt  housejuddems  rm  repjerrynadler s statement for the hearing by the subcommittee on crime  terrorism  homeland security  and investigat…
rt  mikaelaporterhc  nearly 380 students at hall high school participated in a walk out this morning  here are some photos taken by student…
due to an unexpected illness  we are postponing tomorrow s  coffee with your congresswoman  event in winter springs…
violence in gaza must end  if palestinians provoke non lethal response only unless defending from deadly attack …
rt  tinderfireinfo  it is illegal to fly drones near wildfires  recreational drones near wildfires are not safe  they put firefighters  res…
general town hall
rt  housejuddems  today  the supreme court  in response to our request  posted on its website the audio recording and transcript of the ora…
even president trump s former hhs secretary tom price admitted it 
this deal wouldn t just mean more fees for consumers  it would also mean diminished negotiating power for t-mobile…
for every  1 a man makes  a woman earns  0 80 for the same job  it s time to address this disparity  proud to be a…
rt  progresscil  thanks for the visit today to talk about immigrant rights   daca   housing  and disability  repdannydavis  indivisibleop  h…
may is a a p i heritage month  i was honored to read a message celebrating  hokuleawwv into the congressional record 
it s called taylor ham  and in north jersey  we put it in our ice cream 
gop s  senrubiopress slams the g o p tax scam  that he voted for  because little to none of the benefits go to working…
today the  fbi is presenting  ccoutdoorna-las vegas with the community leadership award  this award recognizes thei…
the scotus decision gives current  daca  recipients the ability to renew their daca status  but dreamers will contin…
following their example  each of us should answer the question   what are we doing to make a difference in our communities  
rt  consumerfed  the consumer movement is an essential bulwark and counter force to what s taking place  -  repraskin consumer assembly
congratulations to  springfieldk12 student jacob amaro from putnam who was chosen as the winner of the 2018 congres…
yesterday  the  housevetaffairs passed the bipartisan blue water navy vietnam veterans act  a bill that i co-lead a…
to help level the playing field  the federal government strives to give 23% of contracts to small businesses  this…
glad to see the honest ads act  of which i m a co-sponsor  gain support from facebook and twitter  it s an important…
not fake news  president trump s refugee policies leave tens of thousands of refugees in limbo and danger 
our press conference on attaching the dream act to the omnibus spending bill and defunding deportations detention a…
this is the  1 3 trillion omnibus government funding bill we were handed this morning  many ds and rs  including me…
proud the house just passed our bipartisan veterans bills  honoring solemn commitments we make to those who serve 
i am ready to help with any federal support georgia needs to repair i-85 
i intro d hr 3870  the atomic veterans healthcare parity act  to help these vets  i m proud to have the bipartisan support of 78 co-signers 
  forestservice updated our team on the upcoming fire season  we re helping arizona fire departments win safer gran…
rt  anaheimfire  updated phone number for  cityoforangeca  714  744-7550 
rt  amjoyshow    repmaxinewaters  the most important thing this country can do now is impeach this president and make sure we get rid of h…
rt  superjer32  undecided mass voters for the vacant kennedy masen seat  check out mikecapuano b4 heading to he polls  mikecapuano com
senate dems move one step closer to forcing vote to save the internet 
rt  whiphoyer  former  uscbo director douglas holtz-eakin has said before that tax cuts don t pay for themselves  at this morning s  waysan…
los residentes afectados también pueden encontrar una lista de hoteles que ofrecen descuentos para las personas eva…
no matter your politics  all women deserve access to true & comprehensive medical advice & services from their chos…
kratom  a cousin of the coffee plant  is a naturally occurring alternative to addictive opioids and should be legal…
i spoke on  morning_joe today about president trump s bad deal with china on zte  he s focused more on bringing job…
rt  ewg  the legislation introduced by  repdebdingell would require companies to demonstrate that cosmetics marketed to children are free o…
happy birthday to my friend and a lifelong advocate for working families and job creation in  co07    repperlmutter 
got to have breakfast with post 142 jewish war veterans in stamford this morning  good chat  real concern about i…
by walking away from the iran deal  trump is making it easier for iran to develop nuclear weapons  he is also under…
rt  annalecta  new report  mick mulvaney recently threatened to hide  cfpb s complaint database  over half of the top 30 financial institut…
so proud of the young leaders at  maritimecollege who are supporting hurricane maria recovery efforts in…
vaccines work to save lives  more than 400 million children are vaccinated each year to end polio  and we are close…
fact   aca  is more popular than  potus  explains why he doesn t want you to get covered before jan 31  sign up 
with conditions improving countywide  we are lifting the level i driving warning for new castle county at 5 00 p m …
rt  owhopinion  editorial  public-private partnership law with va brings a strength of omaha to dc   repbradashford  senatorfischer
rt  pauljelsberg   we re going to keep on it until puerto rico has a 21st century electricgrid and relationship with the u s   -  repgutie…
i was honored to receive the spirit of enterprise award from the  uschamber  i will continue to do all that i can…
rt  repterrisewell  thank you to the members who took a stand for moms and working parents running for office   today s decision opens the…
last year  congress enacted a tax law that explodes our deficits & national debt  today the house rejected a…
  trinityprepfl sixth grader ashley headrick  right  will be competing in the  nbcgeniusjunior semi-finals tonight …
civil engineers rated america s infrastructure a d   this infrastructure week is a reminder we can and need to do b…
i had a great time speaking with the ap u s  government class at  madisoneasths this week  we discussed a number of…
massachusetts has some of the strongest gun laws in the country  and they work  in 2016  our state had the lowest r…
and appreciating the diversity of our nation that makes america so beautiful & great 
i just published  new episode  commonsense gun violence prevention w  david chipman 
thx for tribute & founder award among family & friends  cbcfinc phoenix awards dinner--last as congressman
enjoyed running into  redsox legend  davidortiz in the capitol today with my friend  repespaillat   usrepmikedoyle…
nearly two decades after 13 innocent lives were cut short at columbine high school  we continue to see tragedies un…
administrator pruitt promotes policies that undermine  epa s mission  he is the subject of three separate ethics…
hawaii was the 1st state in the us to set a 100% clean energy goal by 2045  rep  tulsi gabbard intro d the o f f act…
6 million jewish lives were lost in the holocaust  but their memory lives on today  we must learn from the stories…
later today the house will begin debate on the farm bill  but first i am reviewing the fy2019 agriculture appropria…
today  we celebrate the life and work of dr  martin luther king  dr  king transformed our nation for the better and…
six years ago  greenland police chief michael maloney was killed in the line of duty while he was helping serve a w…
i will be taking your questions live on  wbznightside tonight  tune in at 9pm to wbz 1030 am 
rt  nancypelosi  republicans should think twice before voting for the g o p tax scam  trickle down didn t work before  it won t work now  and…
i urge  icegov to adopt a policy that presumes the release of pregnant women  and to honor this policy one hundred percent 
happy mother s day to all the hard working moms out there  especially my mom maria for teaching me to always stand…
rt  mkumib  oh yes  my rep  repyvetteclarke is questioning zuckerberg about fb s lack of diversity and cultural competency on staff  as we…
the  cocoschools  regional occupation program  rop  provides career-focused classes to nearly 12 000 students  we h…
rt  repadams  women-owned small businesses are the economic engines of our communities  employing millions each year  they need a a better d…
instead of acting to resolve the problem   realdonaldtrump keeps making it worse  his budget cuts funding to the ba…
 trumprussia  the truth is closing in and the coverup is falling apart  collusion obstruction of justice…
rt  channel4news   you re collecting medical data on people that are on the internet whether they re facebook users or not  right    yes …
rt  laurenegambino  iraq war veterans  senduckworth and  reprubengallego talk about the war 15 years after the us invasion of iraq
our students are here and their demands are loud and clear - end gun violence  can t wait to get down there and meet…
as  potus & gop launch an all-out assault on environmental protection and ignore imminent threat of climatechange …
this tax scam also cuts taxes for corporations earning profits overseas  giving them more incentive to outsource jo…
  potus  hard-working families in maryland can t afford your wall street first agenda  we need change now  people over politics
great to welcome black women leaders from nc to washington dc for delta day  always good to see old friends  thank…
we re mutually more successful  healthier & happier when we understand & respect our global neighborhoods  proud of…
 kisselap    and its thanks to reporters like you shedding light on events and issues going on in the world 
mobile office hours in hollister tomorrow  10am-1pm congressional staff will be available to assist with social s…
strengthening education  guaranteeing workplace benefits  improving workplace culture  fixing our broken immigratio…
rt  fema  for a list of state and local resources  and important social media accounts related to harvey check 
my openhouse is underway  we re starting the evening by honoring our flag and the brave men and women who…
let s continue the trend of record breaking early voting  if you ve already voted  help  gotv  & turn texas blue 
rt  repdwightevans  nationwide  teachers are raising their voices loud and clear and demanding that they deserve to earn a living wage  no…
best of luck to tampa bay sled hockey player declan farmer at the 2018 winter paralympics in pyeongchang  you re d…
h r  3947  the automatic gunfire prevention act  bans the creation  possession  transfer  or sale of bump stocks an…
  housegop wrote 2018 farm bill in secret behind closed doors  even as one of the top democrats on agriculture cmte…
met with members of  coptsolidarity this morning to discuss how congress can work to stop persecution of coptic chr…
i was glad to join the  citywaukegancc  wake up with waukegan  breakfast this morning - especially during…
joining  morning_joe on  msnbc beteeen 6-7 tomorrow am 
rt  fscdems   republicans have made it their top priority to weaken and eliminate important safeguards that democrats put in place to preve…
in 1995  i voted in favor of the jerusalem embassy act  recognizing jerusalem as the undivided capital of israel an…
sound very trumpesque  seems like  govlarryhogan is picking up the  realdonaldtrump playbook  cryptic language inte…
during women s history month  we recognize  commemorate  and celebrate the achievements of women  i encourage you t…
what he said  👇🏼
tomorrow is the last day for wisconsin s 4th district high schools to submit artwork for the congressional art com…
rt  nbclatino  using blue tarps like fema  families  activists  legislators rally in d c  as puerto rico towns see 6th month w/out power  r…
 halos  act allows angel investor groups  like local gov ts  non-profits  & universities to hold events so entrepreneurs can show their work
a beautiful day for students from wakefield s  msgrclarke school to see our democracy in action up close 
in congress  i am a cosponsor of the recognizing achievement in classified school employees act  which would requir…
my family  staff  and i are praying for those injured near fiu 
watch live — hearing with  hhsgov secretary alex azar on funding for our nation s critical healthcare programs 
on thursday  ryan sat before the  housecommerce committee to testify about his own experiences in recovery  and how…
this guy was fired from the white house for showing nunes classified documents  looks like trump found a way to pla…
in 1968  wilhelmina delco became the first african american elected to public office in austin  tx  in 1991  she wa…
57 375 years of life lost to officer-involved killings in 2015  this is an epidemic 
in a fitting tribute on holocaust remembrance day  103 year old wwii pow  usarmy capt  sydney cole to throw out firs…
nearly 3 years ago   cbctech2020  went to silicon valley for the first time to call for tech ceos to prioritize dive…
rt  reptedlieu  democrats have repeatedly called for investigations into the trump admin s culture of corruption  unfortunately  the gop-con…
rt  reproybalallard  i kicked off m l k day weekend with other public officials calling out the damaging effects the g o p tax scam will have on…
tax custsand jobs act will increase health care premiums and gives new tax breaks to companies shipping jobs overseas 
rt  fpaction  thanks for your work to fight against hunger  repmcgovern  you re a true goodfoodchampion 
rt  chriscoons  we re a few hours away from  senatorcarper  repbrochester seasonal sussex county job fair  stop by the rehoboth beach conve…
trump regularly attacks american companies  but so-called  free market  conservatives have nothing to say  can you…
opioids are ravaging our communities  in the spending deal  we were able to secure a  3 billion increase to fight t…
with at least seven independent federal investigations into his use of taxpayer dollars  it s time to send…
our committee calendar is going to be full next week  folks  i hope you can tune in to watch live 
rt  repjerrynadler    realdonaldtrump is mistaken when he assumes that the rule of law no longer applies in this country  or that he is som…
thank you for your question kristen 
our government functions best when an objective  transparent  & well-funded press holds those in power accountable …
happening now  i m holding a press conference with  jerrybrowngov to respond to u s  attorney general jeff…
these oregonians are leading the fight against colorectalcancer  thank you for bringing your message to capitol hi…
thank you   governorva northam  for understanding what the epa should be doing and for protecting virginians …
this ruling deals a major blow to the trump admin s intolerant & dangerous anti-immigrant agenda  it confirms what…
we cannot allow this administration to change the character of our country  we are a nation built by immigrants  fo…
no one person should have this much influence on our politics  we need to rein in the billionaire class s ability t…
proud to join the putnam county department of health & community resilience coalition in washington to talk about t…
great to discuss the work we are doing in congress to support middle-class families with so many talented women pro…
great to meet w health care groups from across my district   clinicashealth  desertaids
paycheck fairness act is only part of the solution for equal pay  but we also need paidsickdays  paidleave  afford…
today team m l g is attending the rio grande water fund signatories meeting  thanks to all the presenters for highli…
remember when mr   art of the deal  said mexico would pay for his unnecessary border wall  now he s asking american…
thank you   reprichardneal for your support of equal rights for dc and cosponsoring our d c statehood bill  the few…
 i think if he pleads the 5th he can forget a 2nd term he can forget the house&the senate in 2018  as he said  a…
 despite the difficulties we face  it is encouraging to see neighbors helping neighbors and people from all over th…
we must ensure students succeed in school so they can succeed in the workforce and in our economy  i m leading effo…
our nation s students have been hurt by  betsydevosed s anti-public school agenda and reckless rollback of protecti…
it was an honor to be awarded the gratitude medal by the president of artsakh  bako sahakyan  today  we must cont…
tax cutsand jobs act gives 83% of cuts to corporations and the top 1% 
rt  hfacdemocrats  rm  repeliotengel  yet again  the trump administration is advocating a failed  medieval approach to health policy  all w…
rt  nbcbayarea  house minority leader nancy pelosi receives a standing ovation from lawmakers as she wraps up her speech on dreamers after…
thanks to the more than 100 constituents who came to my event in south la about senior scams over the weekend  for…
today israel celebrates the 70th anniversary of the birth of the modern  independent jewish state  i am proud to jo…
lock him up  lock him up  lock him up  lock him up 
rolling back protections that benefit the central coast & keep families healthy puts  epascottpruitt at odds with t…
tune in now for bipartisan women s caucus hearing on combatting sexual harassment in the workplace …
as we mark 19 years after columbine  i m proudly standing with students across the country who are tirelessly deman…
rt  usprogressives  cpc member  rosadelauro quoted robert kennedy when defending  snap    i believe that  as long as there is plenty  pover…
calling 911 is still woefully low-tech  these lawmakers are trying to rescue it via  dcexaminer
rt  simonbooks  pre-order your copy of  repsteveisrael s big guns by april 16th and receive a free bookplate signed by the author  learn mo…
thank you new england regional council of carpenters  nercc for your endorsement  18 000 dedicated construction wor…
 thestreet
the trump administration wants to put in place a policy is just a horrific  sophie s choice  for mothers and father…
i introduced an amendment to the  fy19ndaa  to allow certain immigrants who grew up in the united states to enlist…
do you receive my newsletter  sign up here for updates on the work that i am doing in congress on behalf of  ca20 
looking forward to welcoming some very special guests for today s press conference at 10 45 am et …
today the  interior  usbr announced an increase in water allocation for central valley project water contractors …
happy holidays from my family to yours  merry christmas  happy hanukkah 
in exactly one week  california s primary elections take place  i hope i can count on your vote 
dyk  it s equal pay day on april 10  women must work 3 extra months just to earn the same pay as men equalpay…
had a wonderful time meeting with  downeyunified students  parents  and teachers at downey unified headquarters  it…
i am proud of my jamaican roots  and am proud to work alongside other strong caribbean women in u s  politics  🇯🇲🇯🇲…
congrats pinellas grads  🎓
rt  nrdems  republicans in congress have shown little interest in conducting oversight of  secretaryzinke or other trump administration off…
the administration s proposal to open up our coasts to oil drilling could be devastating to our oregon beaches and…
this is exactly why  realdonaldtrump s proposal to militarize our schools is completely misguided and dangerous  if…
interested in interning in our los angeles or washington  d c  office  we re now accepting applications for our…
pleased to support  repbarbaralee aumf amendment  congress has constitutional responsibility to develop clear and c…
met with  sc_veterans today  they are working to provide veterans with medical cannabis as part of treatment for ph…
rounding out national ag week with a speech i gave on the floor of the house about those in agriculture -the farmers…
rt  reprobinkelly  hoping that my friend   repanthonybrown  has a quick and full recovery 
 johnastoehr i understand  i was making a point about how elections are won in economically anxious regions 
the tax bill that house republicans passed today seeks to steal from the vast majority of americans to benefit the…
this week i visited places in our community that would be negatively impacted by trump budget cuts  including…
this morning i challenged the for-profit education industry to start supporting protections for students and taxpay…
rt  housedemocrats  rep   billpascrell  nj-09  spoke at st  joseph s medical center in paterson to highlight the alternatives to opioids  a…
rt  drtonieshat  dr  simmons receives honors from  jacksonleetx18 on behalf of congress ruth the truth  pvamu 
looking forward to speaking at next week s  nationalaction national convention on 4/19  you can learn more here …
vermont s community health centers provide quality health care in rural communities across our state  their funding…
house republicans held more than 20 hearings on  snap   at which none of the witnesses recommended cutting benefits…
rt  jenndrudgecaaam  proud of my sister  angeil for her hard work in educating about chdadvocacy thanks   bradsherman for posting this   …
announced historic  70 billion better deal for public housing proposal w/  repstephenlynch  senmarkey  marty_walsh…
 otd  in 1994  republicans gained control of the houseof representatives for the first time in 40 years  your future
 patients aren t one-size-fits-all  their treatment plans shouldn t be either   a bipartisan fix w/  repbradwenstrup
broward county students have far more courage than the chairman of the broward county gop 
continuing resolution also refused to reauthorize the 464 community health center  chc  sites in texas  19 in el pa…
following the parkland shooting a few weeks ago  thousands of students across the country  including right here in…
americans are starting to suffer from trump s health-care sabotage we now know that this is going to get much wors…
this week included some special moments with take our daughters & sons to work day here at the capitol  as well as…
rt  amherstsurvival  proposed farm bill will hurt millions of hungry families via  youtube thanks  repmcgovern a tr…
rt  thebradsmith    repannaeshoo  was your data included in the data that was sold to the malicious third parties  zuckerberg  yes  chedd…
happy 85th birthday ruth bader ginsburg  you have been relentless in the fight for women s equality  we are all wis…
donald trump is out championing the idea of his own impeachment to rally his supporters — let him  democrats should…
we must do everything in our power to stop the special counsel from being fired  but if he is fired  we must preven…
on holocaust remembrance day  we remember the millions of jews and social and ethnic minorities who were murdered b…
now that speaker ryan is retiring  will he finally do his job and let us vote on endless war  with military action…
clean drinking water should be a basic human right  but four years later  my constituents still have to use bottled…
sorry  james  saving lives doesn t have to be that dramatic  here s the idea  if you  1  have criminal record ➡️…
rt  senfeinstein  the firing of andy mccabe is part of a pattern to root out top law enforcement officials  special counsel mueller must no…
feliz día de la madre a todas las madres que lo celebran hoy  apreciemos el cariño  el cuidado y el trabajo duro de…
rt  scicmtedems  read  ranking member  replipinski opening statement for  stem  apprenticeships hearing
rt  njdotcom  these young activists are saying neveragain and pushing for change in new jersey 
congrats to artisan restoration s mark johnson  encore entrepreneur of 2018  and roca climbing and fitness  karen s…
actively choosing to engage in destructive offshore-oil-drilling practices jeopardizes the well-being of our coastal communities 
it also adds new bureaucracy and complexity to high-speed broadband development grants that farm communities have b…
as a doctor  i know health care is rapidly changing & it s important congress understands new ideas that can improv…
i voted  no  on the omnibus bill  and let me tell you why 
rt  hispaniccaucus  trump & republicans helping hispanics  ❌ terminated  daca  ❌ abandoned hispanic outreach for  aca  ❌ passed tax scam ❌ e…
rt  cspanwj  bts   repadamsmith  d-wa  is live from statuary hall in the u s  capitol  tune in to hear his take on syria
 sullied18 we actually did that during sequester  this is the current makeup of the budget from 2016 
as co-founders & co-chairs of the congressional victims  rights caucus  rep  ted poe & i have been working to ensur…
thank you  leader  nancypelosi for fighting to protect d r e a mers  d r e a mers like juan lopez represent our nation s b…
i stand in solidarity with everyone marching today  i am awed by the activism of the students  and i have had the c…
today s decision by president trump creates more chaos and uncertainty which hurts our standing with our allies and…
great news for the city of gary  i congratulate mayor freeman-wilson as well as the u s  department of housing and…
rt  usprogressives  happy teacher appreciation week  we salute all of the educators across the country who continue to be the bedrock of o…
big news  for the second time in two weeks  a federal court ruled that lgbt workplace discrimination violates the c…
tomorrow at 7 30 p m  please join us for a dearborn community forum on student safety following the wave of violenc…
on average  women are paid just 80 cents for every  1 paid to male counterparts  for women of color  the wagegap i…
it s sunday and that means eve is playing piano  it s mother s day and that means she is playing even more piano  h…
the g o p tax scam raises taxes on 82 million middle class families while giving corporations massive tax cuts  we nee…
rt  natresources  legislative hearing on marine conservation and shark fishery regulations   repdarrensoto s h r  4528  repwebster s h r …
 usda sec  vilsack and i announced  50m for water retention last week  a huge win for  mn07  flood mitigation projects 
se espera q obama firme promesa hoy mismo  a horas de q se cumpla la fecha de pagos a bonistas de múltiples entidades públicas en pr
rt  johnjharwood  in 2018  new tax-cut gives top 1% average of  4 261 per month it gives bottom 20% of earners an average of  5 per month…
it was wonderful to see so many students engaged and interested in the ag issues discussed during the…
today we celebrate the 7-year anniversary of don t ask don t tell repeal  i was proud to help achieve this victory…
happy friday  our volunteers are hard at work  let s go team julia   ca26  julia brownley brownley4 congress
rt  pewresearch  for the first time  more americans say 2010 health care law has had a positive than negative impact on u s 
when they tell you they can t fund healthcare   
it was only 76 years ago today that fdr signed  eo9066   imprisoning japanese-americans because of their race  this…
we were joined today by concerned americans & others to call for resignation of  epascottpruitt &wh should stop cod…
dreamers are not bargaining chips to advance an extreme agenda on immigration  we need to secure our border for s…
it s good to see the judiciary committee advance the music modernization act  our bill helps nashville songwriters…
it s national farmers market week  visit a farmersmarket near you for fresh georgia peaches & produce this week …
 tx29  high school students  my office is accepting entries for the 2018 congressional art competition  all submiss…
it s not too late to sign up for my telephone town hall for aging adults and their caregivers this afternoon  i ll…
great job tonight  warriors reminding the  spurs this is warriors ground – let s keep it going  n b aplayoffs…
rt  repdebdingell  glad to join colleagues  repryancostello &  repgwenmoore  &  ntfsdv today to launch the bipartisan task force to end dom…
rt  sanjoseinside  in our podcast this week   repzoelofgren offers candid thoughts on the mental instability of  realdonaldtrump 
my offfice has been in touch w/  nsagov this morning and we hope to have more details shortly  grateful for our law…
rt  kotokatana   david_feldman_  alangrayson  downwithtyranny  pitbullofcomedy  davesirus every once in a while this happens  a perfect pod…
rt  rnicholasburns  thanks  repdavideprice for your support for the state department and diplomacy 
we ve been getting a lot of calls  letters & emails from oregonians since the gop introduced their tax bill  i will…
with the holy month of ramadan beginning tonight  i send my warmest wishes to the muslim community for a peaceful …
rt  housesbcdems  securing reliable capital is especially challenging for women and minority owned businesses  to understand how they can f…
today  i stood with my colleagues to say that  while the president has opted out of the paris agreement  im still in 
greatly enjoyed touring  allisontrans facilities last week  i thank you for all of your great work to support ameri…
preventing the next wildfire begins with ensuring our firefighting agencies have the resources they need  read more…
at an oversight and investigations subcommittee hearing  i questioned experts about persistent obstacles to fightin…
the va is one of america s most important organizations  president trump must eventually learn that the best way t…
after years and years of working together  the community  sandag  caltrans  and mts celebrated the opening of the s…
rt  emilyslist  congrats  juliabrownley on advancing to the general election 
congress must protect title x funding & not cut related funds from p p—give women the power to decide when to get p…
i appreciate the optimism of my senate colleagues  but if republicans truly cared about dreamers  or children s hea…
rt  repadams  african american unemployment has been declining for a decade yet it s still double white unemployment  would potus be celebr…
lots of interest in the committee this morning 
starting at 3pm cst  i ll be answering your questions during the c b c demands justice twitter town hall  be sure to t…
i will continue fighting to keep the gains we ve made and build on that progress until the united states joins ever…
rt  salamancajr80  after 50  years in public service  our dynamic deputy borough president aurelia greene is settling sail into retirement …
rt  repesty  charlotte daniel rachel olivia josephine ana dylan dawn madeleine catherine chase jesse james grace anne emilie jack noah car…
wonderful exhibition this evening at the sahara west library  we must protect nevada s natural beauty and outdoor t…
today  and everyday  we remember those we lost on 9/11  our nation moves forward but we neverforget 
days after hundreds of thousands of virginians learn that they may face skyrocketing premiums next year because of…
today i met with alabama members of cair  these leaders are taking a stand against trump s hateful travel ban  trum…
congratulations to  universityofri junior  andyboardman on being named a harry s truman scholar  it s always a plea…
rt  vegalteno  hurricane season starts on june 1st  puerto rico s readiness   well 🤦🏼‍♂️😡😩 pwr4puertorico  repdarrensoto  espaillatny
my staff and i are working tirelessly to end this trumpshutdown  from the capitol  i stand with all the women marc…
2/2 our police deserve all the training and equipment funding they can get in order to protect our citizens without such a ridiculous threat
 healthcare is not a zero-sum game  you don t have to take healthcare away from some in order to give it to others  
congratulations to the 72 newest citizens of this great country  naturalizationceremony hoosiers america
it s always great to see students excited about learning math  thanks to eagleridge elementary for giving me the op…
wishing everyone a very happy 2018  all the best always   ———————-deseándoles un feliz 2018  todo lo mejor en este…
rt  repbrochester  that s why i teamed up with  bobbyscott   repbera  &  repsusandavis to introduce the simple fafsa act  aim higher simpl…
under current law  wealthy donors in states like alabama can turn a profit on contributions to private school vouch…
today  i hosted a media availability in san antonio to discuss a variety of important topics including federal appr…
rt  lcvoters  thanks  repbenraylujan for your leadership in holding scott pruitt accountable for attacks on our health and environment  bo…
my bill was marked up last week during a recent  transport hearing  you can view my remarks here 
honored to take part in the queens jewish community council s  qjcc  legislative breakfast this morning in…
terrific turnout at the public meeting w/  blmnational today  thank you for coming & supporting the ca coastal natl monument expansion 
my thoughts on  housegop s decision to prematurely shut down the house intelligence committee s investigation into…
icymi  march where it matters 
congress needs to face the evidence-based facts  protecting scientific integrity policies is in the best interests…
the devastating effects can be seen in the major opioid hotspots of kensington  south and west philly  as your mem…
looking forward to speaking with everyone who comes out to talk about a better deal & the issues facing young people…
i am proud to join with  reppaultonko and over 150 other democrats in congress to cosponsor the scientific integrit…
rt  vernonlibrary  learn about resources available to community organizations and funding available through private foundations at a free g…
the flint water crisis is an injustice and cannot be allowed to happen again  in order to prevent future water cr…
today  two different schools on the central coast faced lockdowns due to a shooting threat  thankfully everyone is…
we tell the russians to back off and then we back that with investments in a strong defense for our elections syste…
thank you for the honor and for all that you do 
despite overwhelming public support for a free and open internet  trump s fcc voted to end net neutrality  i m supp…
rt  whiphoyer  editorial boards have a message for the gop-led congress  it s time to allow for the house to work it s will & take bipartis…
thankful for the incredible men  women  boys  and girls who donate their time to help serve houstonians and make th…
glad to hear the  whitehouse listened to me and my colleagues and withdrew the nomination of kathleen hartnett whit…
tax day truth 1  the republican party decided to raise taxes for over 86 million middle-class americans while big…
read my medium piece on the discussions i ve had since parkland with the wa-02 community students  school admins …
from my  housebluedogs co-chair statement on  sotu   we hope the president s calls for bipartisanship are indeed gen…
k-12 students  there s still time to compete in the congressional app challenge  write an app  check out the  congressionalac houseof code
uno de los cuerpos del congreso ya ha actuado 
the republican-controlled u s  house just voted to make it easier for auto dealers to charge people of color higher…
in camden   campbellsoupco s hq plays a large role in our local economy  it was great to hold a town hall with em…
rt  housebudgetdems  all students should have access to a quality highered  yet the trump budget eliminates critical programs  such as gea…
most importantly  how can you bury your head in the sand when there are grave issues facing our country 
today  senate democrats vote to save the internet  proud to support similar net neutrality legislation here in the h…
there have been 25  oil spills in the united states since the deepwater disaster in 2010  trump s solution  trash r…
the president must come to congress and secure the approval required for military action 
colorado is a great place to live but it s also a great place to start and grow a business  smallbusinessweek
on tax day  we re reminded that republicans falsely sold the g o p tax scam as legislation for the middle class  in re…
rt  voxdotcom  trump says that since the election  2 4 million jobs have been created  some context   sotu 
rt  outfrontcnn   if the president makes the mistake - and i say it is a very  very serious mistake - to pull the united states out of this…
rt  donaldnorcross  sat w/ teddeutch during forum on preventing school shootings  the unthinkable happened in his district at stoneman doug…
🙏🏾high fives well-deserved  i can t even describe how proud i am of these young people for protesting gunviolence…
 mammasmurph one of my biggest pet peeves 
scott pruitt is failing the american people with his inability to be ethical and his unwillingness to protect the h…
  repdwstweets   repbarbaralee   repjohnlewis &  repbetoorourke were denied a vote on amendments to protect the johnson amendment   4/4 
rt  housedemocrats  republicans have prevented the cdc from collecting data on gun violence since 1996  if you re concerned about data   sp…
about to talk to  thebeatwithari about the comey memos
rt  janschakowsky  this mothers day  we must recommit to opposing divisive trump administration policies that seek to rip families apart  …
6 months after maria and beyond  we will always stand with puerto rico
paidsickdays would give families much-needed relief and strengthen communities  moms shouldn t have to choose betw…
as a mother & grandmother  i know that our children are the most precious and important things that life can offer …
happy mothers day to all the moms out there  no idea how you do it  you re the best 
great article from  americanlegion here 
rt  housedemocrats  no one is falling for this  you ended  daca  in september  you alone abandoned d r e a mers 
 em_myron  nature_ne thank you for fighting to protect our most precious  irreplaceable gem- the environment  🌎
rt  theovertongroup   repdannydavis multi-ethnic advisory task force   pressfor progress  tonipreckwinkle  cookcountytreas  drmild
rt  deliasocorroh    repeliotengel  as your constituent  i want to thank you for supporting the equality act and standing with the  lgbtq  c…
pleased to announce  650k to the city of bayonne for the new commuter ferry terminal and  2 4m to the port authorit…
a8  but it s not just about his travel   epascottpruitt is under numerous investigations for actions he s taken in…
thank you to the  concordchamber1 for hosting the 9th annual east bay senior resource expo  where we provided infor…
how many more american companies will this president attack or undermine  now  amazon   
we are glad that for now there is no expected reduction in the size of our san gabriel mountains national monument …
then  i joined my colleagues in walking out of the capitol in support of students doing the same across the nation …
today  i m proud to cheer on senate democrats as they vote to save the internet  i support similar net neutrality ef…
enough
the only thing more frustrating than seeing republicans mislead americans about their g o p tax scam is seeing the peo…
trump pardons  scooter  libby in cia leak case  libby leak
education is the door to new opportunities  and i spend a lot of time making sure young folks in our region have th…
reminder  tax day is 1 month away  if you made less than  66 000 last year  you can actually get free tax assistan…
rt  houstontaylorat  timely and relevant opinion column by  repdarrensoto  agriculture is florida s 2nd largest industry but hidden from th…
more than 4 million americans rely on title x  which is currently being threatened by the trump- pence administrati…
day 18 of womens history month - when it comes to preventing workplace sexualharassment  we ve got members of the…
may 1st marks the first day of national foster care month - taking care of our children and reform of the child welfa…
congratulations to the volunteers that were recognized at riverside regional medical center s  lights camera apprec…
rt  aarpct  thank you  repjohnlarson for joining the act caucus and supporting family caregivers  iheartcaregivers a c t caucus
mr  pruitt spent  120 000 on a trip to italy  yet has still not made good on our invite to come visit lake erie and…
voted this month to protect trans members in our military  any american who wants to serve our country should be allowed to do so 
rt  hispaniccaucus  our members are demanding that the trump administration stop deporting active military & veteran spouses  military fami…
need help with public safety  employment or immigration  join me this saturday for my family matters community reso…
great news   science saving lives   via  npr  first ebola vaccine likely to stop the next outbreak
rt  cornellfinaid  enjoyed meeting with  repfilemonvela this afternoon to discuss federal financial aid  cornell advocacy day cornell
  housegop is waging a war on the poor—just look at their proposed farm bill  which would slash  snap  by over  23 b…
rt  nationalnurses  to nurses  keithellison i believe us together are going to make universal single payer medicare4 all the law of the la…
the julia brownley oxnard office has awesome volunteers  keep up the good work for julia brownley and  ca26 
happy mother s day to my mom  to tracey  and to all the great moms in delaware 
i want to hear what you have to say  sign-up now to join my 📱 telephone 📱town hall on the upcoming g o ptaxbill 
more than 600 acres have been added to the rio grande del norte monument  i proudly supported its designation as a…
it was great to hear more about the teen pregnancy prevention program  tppp  and education grants that are making a…
rt  michaeldtubbs  i joined with  repmcnerney this morning to announce the first investment of  5 million in central valley funds to suppor…
thoughts & prayers are with my colleagues their staffers & our capitol police in this difficult moment  violence has no place in a democracy
today marks 6 months since  potus terminated  daca  & set into motion a crisis he & republican leaders have manufactured  protect d r e a mers
our government shouldn t work this way   pay to play  politics has failed too many americans  this is exactly why w…
interesting article about a major media buyout  media monopolies are bad for democracy 
rt  incompas  now   boblatta and  peterwelch are discussing their efforts to close the digital divide and expand rural broadband   incompa… 
the recent allegations against scott pruitt are so far the most troubling  he s used your tax dollars to  - fly fi…
as the waters warm and people ready to enjoy lake erie for the summer it is imperative we remain focused on keeping…
i was honored to host vp joe biden  a longtime champion for blue collar and union workers last march as part of the…
i m privileged to represent incredible  natlparkservice sites  including  paterson_falls  the jewel of the silk cit…
 in my home state of maryland  over 696 000 people benefit from the program  in my district  15 000  households rec…
watch   housejuddems are announcing legislation to protect mueller  we must act now 
rt  keithellison  ceos fought to kill the pay disclosure rule tooth and nail  now we know why  a new report from my office finds it would t…
rt  kcpt  examine the tumultuous events playing out on kansas city streets 50 years ago and their impact today  on   68  the kansas city ra…
we re live  i m talking about the secret and controversial campaign finance riders that republican leaders are tryi…
coverage over the next decade  our health care system is not perfect  but we should strive to cover everyone   
i want to thank u n d o c utalks for having me on their podcast today  the work you do is powerful & i stand w/ you in…
this mothers day remember that moms need quality  affordable  and comprehensive healthcare w/o increased premiums…
i am proud to stand here with my colleagues to support the 2020 census accountability and accuracy act and the 2020…
thank you for having me   defendourfuture 
rt  asmmikegipson  in times of crisis  patients deserve access to safer alternative care destinations  thank you  supjanicehahn for joining…
don t get used to trump s attacks on the free press  don t accept them  the united states is not a country of dicta…
thanks for all that you do for seniors and our veterans
can t hold a town hall in wisconsin s 1st district  but  speakerryan can fly to vegas to raise  30 million to elect…
pets are family  and gia is an important member of the polis family both at work and at home  national pet day
oliver north tried to intimidate the student-survivors simply because they threaten his gun lobby agenda  these s…
pleased to be able to talk with secretary perry and other members of the nuclear security working group about the d…
in 1994 the nra tried to bully me into voting against the assault weapons ban   i wasn t afraid of them then and i m…
rt  repswalwell  every day   realdonaldtrump brings us closer and closer to a constitutional crisis  he needs a check  there is no excuse f…
vote for julia tomorrow  polls open at 7a  find your polling location here 
rt  rvivian370  with hrc cfsc at planet hollywood   repdarrensoto  yourbarriofl  hrc_orlando  jodeelive  izamontalvonews  watermarkonline  …
rt  tribelaw  i never believed mcgraw s character in *love story* when she said  love means never having to say i m sorry   at long last we…
i had a great time with  overlakeschool social studies students  who competed in the we the people  the citizen and…
at the same time  we have learned that the president s attorney may have offered pardons to paul manafort and micha…
below is a clip of my opening remarks from today s house consideration of the fiscal year 2018 defense appropriatio…
heading over to el paso high school now for our general town hall at 9am  veteran town hall will get started at 3pm…
the opioid epidemic has claimed the lives of too many  and i am often told that access to treatment is the largest…
it was here that four little girls - addie mae collins  denise mcnair  carole robertson  and cynthia morris wesley…
rt  floorcharts  who  rep  darren soto  d-florida  twitter   repdarrensoto when  march 2018 what  dangers of burn pits watch on c-span…
rt  maryfalcon__  thank you so much representative  rubenkihuen and the office of  catherinefornv for having me today  freely associate st…
proud my scrapthecap bill would guarantee full solvency through 2063  keeping the promise of dignity in retirement…
i strongly oppose the p r o s p e r act because i don t believe congress should be making it more difficult for college g…
gop cannot stay silent as  realdonaldtrump considers firing special counsel mueller  i urge house republicans to ta…
rt  brnagnews_mark    usrepricknolan introduces crop insurance modernization act of 2018 corn soybeans safetynet…
rt  nygovcuomo  proud to honor  cbrangel at his retirement party tonight  generations live in a better and more just america because of his…
i am glad to see the senate raising concerns about trump cia director nominee gina haspel  respect for human rights…
the trump budget is cut from the same cloth as the g o p tax scam  working families sacrifice to pay for items that wi…
environmental issues aside  president trump s tariff on solar panels ensures the worst of both worlds  it s not eno…
gop/trump attacks  - rip healthcare from nj families - pass tax scam punishing nj most - vote to allow  concealed c…
join rep  cicilline & more than 40 service providers on may 3rd for his annual senior resources fair in east provid…
great to meet with leaders of  wakefernfood  inserra supermarkets  and  eatathome to discuss the importance of prog…
i posted a new photo to facebook
rt  drea_drby  it was a privilege to meet my district s representative  repkihuen   thank you for your inspiring words at the 2018 gradu as…
photo of the day- berlin wall 1990
rt  cspanwj  thur| call or tweet as rep   gerryconnolly  d-va  joins us to discuss the latest on north korea  join the conversation at 8 30…
i enjoyed my conversation with  rap30 on  wgnradio today 
4  he argued against smart gun laws like the ones we have in connecticut  the ones that we know save lives 
rt  thirdwaytweet  maintaining the current cafe standards is an opportunity for the us to lead  instead  epa administrator pruitt and trump…
help us finish the quarter strong so that we can ensure progressive values are represented in congress  you make th…
with the support of 63 of my colleagues  i sent a letter urging the  dhsgov and the  uscis to quickly process pendi…
rt  oversightdems  breaking  gowdy agrees to democrats request for public hearing on the 2020 census 
 repespaillat joins community leaders to announce federal funding for local weatherization assistance programs to…
it s clear that there s bipartisan consensus for protecting dreamers  dreamers deserve a vote
the  nra has selected a new president  oliver north  north was at the heart of the iran-contra scandal  so it is…
false pretenses   senmikelee markets his first amendment defense act as a federal bill  actually  his bill also tre…
dc schools are closed and the snow conditions are looking perfect for sledding on capitol hill 
i joined house judiciary rm nadler & rep  steve cohen in introducing h r  5476   special counsel independence and i…
again disturbed by potus refusal to condemn racism & violence by white supremacists  need to teach our kids that hate has no place in usa 
happy mothers day to my mom and all of the other moms out there 
as a former teacher & an indiv who greatly benefited from attending  ccpedu    lasalleuniv  i advise students who v…
the port of wilmington has long been a center of good-paying jobs in delaware that stabilize families and the neig…
the s e l f d r i v e act holds the promise of improving mobility & saving lives  good to hear from  nhtsagov today on how…
i am joining colleagues in signing on to a discharge petition to force  speakerryan and  housegop leadership to hol…
president trump s words may bring more awareness to opioid addiction  but words are not enough  the president must…
always good to speak with  prattandwhitney retirees  i was happy to answer questions on social security and my soci…
an important reminder on tax day—the g o p tax scam adds trillions to the deficit over the next decade & puts critical…
there is nothing  small  about the impact of small biz on the american economy  they have created 40% of all new jo…
rt  lafdtalk   lafd  skirball fire update ✔️ 421 acres* ✔️ 75% contained
a little snow is nothing for a wisconsin office  proud to report team kind is working through winter storm toby  an…
rt  floridastate  did you know the fsu college of law offers free legal services to veterans and their families  learn more about the progr…
 yahoonews
this rash decision isolates america  not iran 
it has been 6 months since the president ended  daca   & all we currently have to protect d r e a mers are court injunct…
favorite president  favorite team  opening day
rt  sbcountyfire  thank you san bernardino residents for adhering so quickly to the evacuation order and road closures during the little mo…
i enjoyed meeting with eshonna  ijanae and zayana as a part of  tuesdayschldrn take your children to work day last…
8 yrs ago citizens united opened the floodgates  inundating us politics w/ dark money  now  that money is coming ho…
congratulations to the 49 amazing leaders featured in  fedscoop s top 50 women in technology list  i m proud to be…
 fact   24 percent of americans said they didn t fill a prescription in the previous year because of the high cost …
the more you know about the republican tax plan  the less you will like it 
rt  uscensusbureau  happy labor day to the 159 8 million people age 16 and over in the nation s labor force as of may 2017   bls_gov
go bolts  tblightning
 repwalterjones thank you 
rt  emv52    cbrangel wins award  foodbank_prez says was inspired by  fdr  🍴 jeffwice  rooseveltinst  fdrlibrary  officialcbc
rt  housebluedogs  news   housebluedogs founding member  rep  collin peterson  ranked 1 on the 2017 bipartisan index for house members & b…
our fellow americans in puerto rico are still in need 6 months after maria   fema & congress must provide sustained a…
self-enrichment  graft  foreign bribery  lavish travel  unprecedented conflicts  subversion of democracy  through i…
rt  repcohen  as we enter an historic week commemorating 50years since martin luther king s last visit to memphis a moving tribute to  mlk… 
the first rule of russia collusion is you don t talk about russia collusion 
rt  housenewdems  new dem  staceyplaskett bringing together members from both sides of the aisle to call for relief after surveying  usvi  d…
rt  housejuddems    repjerrynadler on gao report  the report shows that race plays a significant role in discipline disparities w/ students…
proud to have introduced the help students vote act with  senbooker to do exactly that and i m glad to see this cau…
interested in working in a congressional office  my office is now accepting applications to intern in my wilson  du…
it was a pleasure to help kickoff hestec s 15th anniversary at the congressional roundtable on educator s day   
elon musk was born in south africa  american ingenuity benefits from immigrant energy 
today i had the opportunity to question  uscoastguard on the proposed ban of transgender individuals serving in our…
judiciary committee chairman bob goodlatte says he s issuing subpoenas for  comey memos   so i have issued subpoena…
congrats to  mamava founders on being named vermont small business persons of the year  this is social enterprise a…
glad to hear  sgottliebfda also believes food is medicine--looking forward to working together to improve nutrition…
  ptsdusa updated us on its plans to start a new chapter in arizona  we ll work together to raise ptsd awareness an…
our service members put their lives on the line everyday to keep us safe  they shouldn t have to suffer the added b…
jurors everyday are told a single witness  if you believe them  can prove any fact  so far  comey is the only one w…
proud to stand with members of new jersey s delegation from both sides of the aisle against the moocher states call…
if you re a voter in the 2nd suffolk  i hope you ll vote for  danryanforrep today  he ll be an enthusiastic and effective advocate  mapoli
rt  repjoecourtney  drug-related deaths in ct have risen a staggering 300% over the past six years  these devastating numbers underscore th…
the third place winning entry   forgotten  was submitted by sum yne guan  a junior at santa catalina school  her pi…
 more action is needed to turn the tide on the opioid crisis  which is why i have co-authored these two bipartisan…
rt  mariasantanacnn  will government shutdown hinge on funding for trump s border wall  discussing with  brookebcnn and texas  repfilemon…
we can always talk 
 we always call naps the people in the middle  but a sandwich is nothing without something in the middle  thank you…
new town pharmacy in jacksonville serves as a vital resource to the undeserved community  the pharmacy offers free…
rt  kyledcheney    repmaxinewaters announces thursday press conference to reveal letter of support for special counsel mueller signed by 17…
the non-partisan cbo says g o p tax scam will explode the deficit as  housegop looks to slash bedrock programs like me…
recent poll shows that small business owners say the g o p tax scam is not helping them create jobs  the tax law favor…
our government can change the world when we want to  but republicans in charge of the house  senate and white hous…
 epascottpruitt is putting americans  health at risk by rolling back rules that keep coal ash out of drinking water…
today is national prescription drug take back day  i will be visiting with  qfcgrocery on broadway in everett this t…
rt  sxmprogress  is the crisis in puerto rico a metaphor for the trump s presidency   repgutierrez thinks so and he spoke w/  msignorile a…
rt  rcfd_pio  rcfd &  sbcountyfire working a brush fire at 15/210 freeway  chp has issued freeway closures  but no evacuations at this time 
rt  heymeelahdee  yasssssssssss equality for all
i was grateful to our house chaplain  father patrick conroy  s j   for giving a blessing during the planting ceremo…
spurs are champions with a coach who tells it like it is 
thanks  joe  cc  repjoekennedy 
 ca33  is home to so many inspiring & talented young artists - are you one of them  get the chance to have your artw…
rt  teammoulton  breaking   sethmoulton   edmarkey lead mass  congressional delegation in letter urging governor charlie baker to formally…
thank you for your work to create safer  healthier college campuses 
rt  georgetownlaw  live now   repjerrynadler  repsarbanes  georgetownicap s mary mccord   brucefeinesq   vicnourse & more discuss congressi…
  senwarren  senator  pattymurray   senatorhassan   repbarbaralee   repdianadegette  & rep   nitalowey and i are le…
thanks to everyone who stopped by my tax preparation event in calexico  if you couldn t make it  you can still get…
sorry for delay  potus  was on a plane back from munich where general mcmaster confronted russia over its meddling …
 skyrocket  = double-digit increases  up to 64%  depending on your insurer and plan  there is no way to sugarcoat…
watch live  we re introducing bipartisan legislation to give law enforcement the tools needed to keep our schools a…
rt  nolandmccaskill    repalgreen on  sotu    tonight  as a matter of principle and conviction  i will boycott the state of the union to sen…
i come from a long line of strong women  and it makes me very proud  i wrote about my incredible grandmother  who…
i had the opportunity to recognize stephanie mew  hawaii s 2016 teacherofthe year  on the house floor 
  kenburns agrees that something has got to change  big guns political satire satire enough is enough
unions built the middle class and unions are what will rebuild the middle class 
rt  martinomalley  5 years ago  as governor of maryland  i was honored to sign marriage equality into law  let s keep  lgbt  equality moving…
after my meeting with  dhsgov sec kelly it is obvious we need concrete legislation to protect  daca 
ben maier  a student at de la salle high school in concord  interviewed me about public service and our current pol…
rt  carlosvotero  cientos de familias puertorriqueñas desesperadas por el fin de la ayuda para albergue de fema
so nice to see so many friends and give a legislative update at the  cityoflasvegas doolittle senior center  we tal…
powerful words from  potus at dallas memorial   we are one american family – all deserving of equal treatment  
rt  metrodenveredc  colorado aerospace industry provides  15 4 billion economic impact mile closer  34ss  econ dev…
this is what the trump administration s racist policies look like in action - abuse of black migrants at the hands…
irma might be retired  but we are still working hard for you  if you filed a claim with  fema  and still need help…
today marks four years since boko haram abducted 276 schoolgirls  112 are still missing  according to unicef  boko…
as of today  12 888  daca  recipients have lost their status after trump ended the program on sept 5th  dreamers ca…
today kicks off  wrwc s clean days on the greenway  we can all play a role in protecting the health and beauty of o…
 mmurraypolitics add  76 to the list
glad  repmccaul recognizes the danger hopefully he will dedicate the 9/12 counter terrorism hearing to white nationalist domestic terrorism
 it is shameful for anyone to attack students – especially survivors of gun violence – with anti-semitic slurs and…
rt  senatorduff  icymi  quinnipiac university professor scott mclean re  andrew mcdonald nomination for ct chief justice   a lot of what it…
    and then los angeles might have local news like this on its hands 
highlighted the importance of investment in ev infrastructure for our environment  the transportation industry and…
fifty years ago today  the day after the assassination of dr  king  senator and presidential candidate robert f  ke…
the devastating reality of the opioid crisis in our nation is realized deeply in our communities  i had the chance…
today on the 19th anniversary of the columbine school shooting  i m joining students  rockyhillschool for a discus…
last week  i was so pleased to participate in the groundbreaking ceremony for cabrillo economic development corpora…
mahalo to everyone who came to my college prep workshop  big ty to martin motooka  sandy wong  and all our vendors 
i stand in solidarity w/ the students from parkland school shooting as well as students from all over the nation who…
rt  repesty  you see 7 000 pairs of shoes to represent 7 000 children killed due to gun violence since sandy hook  i see 7 000 birthdays  h…
happy may day  also known as international workers day  a day when we stand up for immigrant and worker rights  re…
during this second treatment period  the va had not yet provided sal with his back-pay benefits  adding to his stre…
my op-ed in today s  nypost  we must do what makes sense and save lives  too many people have died already  and we…
thank you to  fhlbdm for allowing me to present a check for  302 000 to the waverly senior housing center  the mone…
today  repespaillat hosts small business owners from the dominican republic during the 1st ever semana dominicana i…
this allows those funds to be invested in infrastructure & start creating family-wage jobs today  w/o additional action by congress  2/
we must stand against bigotry and hate and for tolerance and kindness  we must never forget dr  king s dream  and w…
rt  housesbcdems  there is nothing  small  about the impact of small biz on the american economy  they have created 40% of all new jobs ove…
looking for a little monday motivation  check out my womens history month playlist on  spotify  i just added  summer…
save net neutrality
it was an honor to join my friend bishop larry robertson at the grand opening of the marvin williams recreation cen…
it might be a chilly april day  but nothing stops red sox nation from celebrating openingday  go sox   fenwaypark  redsox
rt  jimlangevin  today  i joined  greggharper  repbillfoster  petesessions  repdonbeyer to introduce the transition to independence act  a…
parents should be able to fly with peace of mind – and my bill would help ensure that airlines are equipped to hand…
the reckless  housegop tax plan is bad for the deficit  bad for the middle class  and bad for california families 
last night i voted against the  gop s inept attempt at running our country w/ another continuing resolution  they r…
on  iwd2018  and throughout womens history month  we celebrate the extraordinary achievements women have made worldwi…
pleasure to meet yesterday with military officers from around the globe studying at the  armywarcollege  we had a g…
either i ditched criminal law class the day we learned the  fight back  exception to obstruction of justice or you…
rt  defendourfuture  icymi  our twitter chat with  repmceachin  we discussed climate change  faith and climate action  environmental justic…
talk is not enough   officialcbc wants action on diversity and inclusion at all levels of tech  we will return to s…
rt  boeingdefense  new boeing t x takes off from boeing st  louis – see and hear what it s like inside the cockpit getting ready for the  us…
it was good to catch up this morning with  mayorcarter3 and some special guests  i m excited to work with mayor car…
looking for new skills and a rewarding job  psns is hiring 
final  four  let s go ramblers  march madness final four ramble on
congratulations to compton s very own kendrick lamar for becoming the first rapper to win the pulitzer prize for m…
rt  japanembdc  icymi  amb  sugiyama joined  usjapancaucus co-chairs  davereichert and  joaquincastrotx at monday night s capitol hill rece…
rt  abcpolitics  rep   tedlieu says career prosecutors and fbi agents would continue any investigation even if pres  trump fired  some of t…
the military situation in syria is incredibly complex  but assad s heinous use of chemical agents on syria s civili…
rt  macdill_afb  an awesome option for people coming to air fest18 
health law adds coverage for services needed by people with developmental disabilities  autismspeaks via  khnews
rt  stevescottnews  what did facebook know  and when did they know it   repeliotengel of the house energy & commerce committee wants to kn…
with the recent tinder fire and fire risks at an all time high  take time to familiarize yourself with the fire inf…
rt  _politikai  thank you congressman 
keeping all affected in london attacks in my thoughts & prayers  will continue to monitor situation as ranking member of terrorism subcomm 
rt  nwi_jsp  congressman pete visclosky and quilts for vets honored a battle of the bulge survivor in cedar lake today  son-in-law   it s l…
rt  nationals  baseball is back in dc  one pursuit
yesterday i met w/ sec  of education  johnkingated to talk about stopping harmful cuts to pell grants  protect pell
i want to live in an america where if you want to carry an assault weapon  you need to visit this website first …
 alzadvocatefl thank you for joining us tonight evan  hope to see you at our next event 
great congress at your company visit to  homedepot pinellas park– creating jobs and  diy  projects 
next week  the senate will vote to save netneutrality rules that were repealed by the  fcc last year  the repeal o…
terrific show of public support and affection for mayor vera katz at a her memorial  closing an end of an era for p…
rt  thebeatdc  congressman donald mceachin   repmceachin  wants to help small business owners comply with the americans with disabilities a…
rt  bakari_sellers  leave out the fact she s unelected and unqualified  let s play the what if game  what if hillary or even  barackobama l…
proud to send my bipartisan valentine to  repbrianfitz from pennsylvania  we ve cosponsored more than 40 bills toge…
so excited to have begun my day today with members of the virginia division of the capitol police to present them w…
rt  yestongs    repohalleran says  interior must be central in the efforts to continue ngs s long-term operation
public lands should stay in public hands  to kick off national park week i m having a facebook live panel discussion…
rt  stlouispark  the st  louis park city council met with representative  keithellison the afternoon of april 30 for an informal discussion…
nh s penny pitou 1st american to win olympic downhill medal once said  you know  when you stop falling  you stop le…
last winter i was honored to host a pinning ceremony for vietnam war veterans in frederick  it was so powerful to s…
great basketball games last night between the  famu_1887 rattlers and the  bethunecookman wildcats   meac   famu… 
congratulations to valley children s   careforkids  for being named  workplace of the year  for the second year in…
50 years ago  an act of hate took the life of an american hero  dr  king fought for justice & fairness - from march…
my statement on  ndaa 
my sincerest condolences are with the bush family  as i have known them for almost half of my life  i always admire…
pushing millions of veterans into private sector health care will undoubtedly damage the va health system  but even…
as i said in january  delaying implementation of hud s fair housing rule will hinder efforts to reduce systemic dis…
humbled by  humanesociety s recognition for our shared commitment to protecting all god s creatures  great & small …
✓ increase the low-income housing credits to help those whose homes were destroyed ✓ allow puerto rico to use fema…
rt  congboyle  proud to stand with my colleague  repteddeutch  he s completely right - we ve been told  it s too soon  but in reality  it s…
this is yet another example of the failure of this administration to take climate change and the protection of our…
our students peaceful demonstrations — their actions  are the change we need to ensure that another school shooting…
last week   repralphnorman and i hosted a briefing on the economic benefits of solar energy production through the…
great to see the work  itekenergy is doing here in  wa   to preserve our way of life and grow our economy  we need t…
good to see we re prioritizing the filling of vital diplomatic posts  you couldn t have a convo w the nassau gop c…
congrats  des_linden  you make michigan proud  boston marathon
 icymi   you can watch my exchange w/sec def mattis on why the trump admin wants to keep our brave transgender serv…
appreciate all your work to contain the tinder fire  thanks for taking the time to brief me on the situation and gi…
will be on soon  msnbc w/ lawrence to discuss hurricane relief efforts for the u s virgin islands vistrong
rt  repcurbelo  very productive panel today with  repstephmurphy and  iti_techtweets advocating for bipartisan solutions to  daca  and  naf… 
honored and humbled to be included on this list 
rt  thebeatwithari  scott pruitt  doesn t take responsibility  he just  denies everything  and republicans  give him a pass  - rep   frankp…
after a weekend of erratic tweets by president trump  its increasingly clear that congress must take immediate acti…
expanding the definition of  public charge  to discriminate & hurt immigrant families runs counter to american idea…
today s  dapl  decision shows organizing & resistance can win  must keep fighting to ensure long-term  no d a p l
 housegop voting today to repeal  aca  & impose disastrous trumpcare on hardworking americans   1/2 
it was my honor to introduce  cwaunion president chris shelton - a fighter for working men & women - at the progres…
  realdonaldtrump wants to cut  15 billion from the children s health insurance program  rt now to tell congress…
did you miss the 2017 ultimate women s power lunch  no worries  you can see the whole thing here    
rt  garywhite13   senbillnelson will join  repdarrensoto at town hall thursday in haines city to discuss civil rights  restoration of votin…
in times of tragedy  it is inspiring to see leaders like sheriff  scottjisrael speak out for our community  we must…
rt  senmarkey  with the confirmation of pompeo and appointment of bolton  now more than ever we need to pass my bill w/  reptedlieu that re…
/3 with the 2018 elections right around the corner   housegop needs to explain to the american people why they aren…
couldn t agree more  thanks for speaking up about this   lis_smith 
rt  senfeinstein  the assault weapons ban was effective  when the ban was in place  the number of gun massacres fell by 37 percent  the num…
after  hvac  passage of the blue water navy vietnam vets act today  nearly 90k vets exposed to agent orange are close…
rt  repohalleran    repschrader & i are fighting to ensure tax dollars aren t wasted on lavish gov t flights  our bill 👉
rt  officialcbc  cbc chairman  reprichmond and members speak at the bipartisan 200th birthday celebration of frederick douglass 
rt  unitehere   women in certain jobs  with certain backgrounds  are more likely to face many times of workforce or workplace abuse  to rea…
rt  nolabelsorg  problem solvers  repjoshg and  leonardlancenj7 are two of the most bipartisan members of congress  read more about how b…
  repkinzinger & i with our colleagues  replahood &  repdannydavis  introduced h r  5590  the opioid addiction acti…
kauai county is the first county in hawaii to take legal action against the makers  marketers  and distributors o…
rt  nrdems  trump s infrastructure plan is bad for the environment and the health/well-being of the american people  it aims to  ❌gut fun…
grateful to meet with the president and members of the texas council of chapters of the military officers associati…
happy national ag day  today we give thanks to our farmers and agricultural workers in maryland and around the count…
as my ad in la prensa states  your vote matters  early vote now  you only have a few days left 
rt  housenewdems  this vocational-technical education week  new dems have still not heard back from  potus after sending him a letter calli…
reminder  today is the last day to file your taxes on time  additionally  if you believe you have received a call f…
i recently talked poverty/ investing in the american people/ protecting socialsafetynet w  fbnstossel  waysmeanscmte
on average  a snap recipient receives  126 a month  which is only  1 40 per meal  that s not enough to feed a famil…
rt  nwlc   reprichmond a7 1 maternity coverage is literally a matter of life and death  ask the experts
immigration courts must decide life or death issues for people who may have a legal right to be here  they should b…
grateful to these young people for sharing their amazing stories  showing why congress must pass a clean d r e a m act…
tevis & i are saddened to hear of rep  louise slaughter s passing  tevis & louise shared kentucky roots & louise wa…
 matajustice our democracy only works when every voice is heard  especially when you re fighting for justice  proud…
finally we have word that hotel vouchers have been extended for over 80 pr evacuee families to may 14  🇺🇸 🇵🇷…
once again  the trump administration is endorsing bigotry and hate  this time by allowing healthcare workers to tur…
happy lunar new year  year of the dog
together  we can create momentum to minimize the disparities in cancer care 
job seekers - join me tomorrow  fri  nov  17 at  tccollege from 9 30 am-1 pm for my  tx33  job fair  80  companies w…
the women who have accused  realdonaldtrump of sexual harassment deserve to be heard  today i joined  housedemwomen…
the people who care for our heroes are heroes in their own right  i am heartbroken by the tragedy at the veterans h…
despite running a campaign focused on solving problems for pennsylvanians  the campaign finance crisis stacks the o…
  speakerryan it s time to do your job  congress must act to protect mueller & the rule of law before…
great talking to silverton rotarians today about what we re working on in washington  thanks for the work you do to…
rt  keithellison  remember this history  not until 1964 with the passage of the 24th amendment were poll taxes banned  don t let that work…
we are all praying for barbara bush and her family  an incredible person who s faith and love of people is an example to us all 
good news  but way past due  i ve been making this point for years as part of our work on reform  including last fr…
it s measures like this that we can implement that keep our families safe and respect the rights of law-abiding gun…
two days left to get covered at  healthcaregov  discounts and subsidies are still in place and may be better than…
here in dc  i joined the successful fight to block fema s premature end of food and water distribution on the islan…
my thoughts and prayers are with the sailors onboard the transport flight that crashed off the coast of japan today…
rt  nancypelosi  congratulations to  repmarcykaptur on becoming the longest-serving woman in the history of the house  womens histor…
we ve got to make sure that folks in affordable housing aren t left out in the cold in the event of an emergency —…
during today s  edworkforcedems hearing  i had a chance to speak on the importance of funding for  americorps and t…
remember to stop by  abq  civic plaza for bike to work day this friday 
rt  rowingarchives  four across  1500m piece  full tilt boogie  5 10 18  race season  washington rowing washington rowing alumni fans of un…
there is bipartisan support for protecting special counsel mueller s investigation  this is an important step  but…
enjoyed providing a legislative update and serving as a panelist during zeta phi beta sorority  inc  s eastern regi…
today is the last day to apply for the congressional art competition  submit your artwork today  →…
happy earth day  🌍
rt  repdwightevans  trump s decision to pull the u s  out the of iran nuclear deal will inevitably bring us to the brink of war  those in p…
rep  george w  murray served the 1st and 7th districts of  sc  from 1893 to 1896  black history month  tbt   9/9 
children and families across the country rely on their leaders in congress for much more than thoughts and prayers …
join us next monday at  benu1887 to discuss the trump administration s recent decision to repeal netneutrality rul…
that night  dr  king demonstrated raw courage  saying   the great initiative in this war is ours  the initiative to stop it must be ours  
i was so pleased and overjoyed to join with the mayor  members of the city council  and citizens of the city of ing…
forever inspired by these students who are standing up and standing together to take action in preventing gun viole…
unfortunately  our environment is under attack by the trump administration   epascottpruitt is trying to stall  ro…
the  whitehouse launched an inquiry into pruitt s unusual housing arrangement with ties to a prominent energy lobby…
we have legislation that is widely supported by democrats and republicans that will strengthen our background check…
in 1973  president nixon purged the justice department in an attempt to fire the special counsel investigating him …
january 2018  trump would  love  to face mueller questions under oath   realdonaldtrump the american people would…
as we honor dr  king today  we should all remember the values that he espoused and that we as americans have long h…
rt  jeancase  thank you  kauffmanfdn for bringing together champions of startups on capitol hill this eve  dubgkc  repjohndelaney  stevec…
rt  nulpolicy  our affiliate ceos  yps & guilders are hard at work today on capitol hill visiting their members of congress and advocating…
rt  eliorg    congressmanruiz proclaims  everyone deserves a safe  healthy environment to live  work  and play  
the house just passed with my support a resolution requiring members and staff to undergo sexual harassment trainin…
the real thanks goes to you   robincogan   car_nove & your whole family for sharing your stories  it makes all the…
i agree with my colleague  call_me_dutch ruppersberger s statement on treatment of dakota access pipeline protestors
where i come from  when you start a sentence with  we are not in a trade war with china   we are in a trade with ch…
i stand with the courageous students of bellevue high school  and the many other schools across our country  who pl…
title x is the only federal grant program solely dedicated to family planning and related preventive service  proud…
rt  repdankildee  four years later  flint families are still recovering from the water crisis and having to use filters & bottled water  in…
we get the job done for arizona businesses and families by putting country over party  check out the highlights fro…
good conversation this morning in glencoe for our most recent congress on your corner 
great article about the medal of honor review for a a p i veterans provision that i included in the  ndaa17   aapi 
heading home after last votes and had good company on the runway at tf green when i landed  any predictions for th…
we ve broken glass ceilings in government since jeanette rankin became the first woman elected to congress 100 year…
president trump has repeatedly promised to shrink our trade deficit with china  it just hit a record high  i m tire…
great to meet with local representatives of  savethechildren in my washington  d c  office in town from federal way…
trump s proposal to cut the snap program by  17 billion is absurd and unfair for working families in the san fernan…
una vez  potus firme esta ley  el próximo paso será seleccionar los 7 miembros que compondrán la junta 
happy mother s day to all moms out there  especially to my mom blanca  she s the strongest & most kindhearted woman…
rt  houseadm_dems  today we introduced a bill to reform the congressional accountability act – focusing on protecting employees  strengthen…
rt  seia  this bipartisan legislation is an important step in countering the harmful economic impacts of the trump tariffs 
a4  the clean power plan is a public health protection  not only will it help to clean the air we breathe  but it w…
i m glad i got a chance to meet with union leaders and apprentices who were being instructed on the carpentry indus…
if we can afford to send our nation s best and brightest into danger all over the world  we can afford to take care…
50 years ago the monumental and fearless drum major for justice was assassinated  dr  martin luther king  jr  coura…
the facts are in  the trump tax scam explodes the deficit  and the  gop is hell-bent on forcing american families to…
focused efforts to address climatechange have the potential of boosting our nation s economy and job growth  and c…
rt  loveforhouse58  thank you  repjimcooper for inviting  repgilmore  votebo and myself out to encourage  metroschools  whitescreekhs stude…
thanks to  kopigreatday &  jimdelavega1 for having me on  kmphfox26 s great day to discuss what we need to do in co…
louise slaughter was unlike any person i ve ever met  her unique combination of fearless strength  a sharp sense of…
meanwhile  scott pruitt continues to defy his own agency experts to appease corporations and big polluters at the e…
rt  nysthruway  the removal of the grand island toll plazas is progressing nicely  this is what the north grand island bridge southbound to…
looking forward to seeing participants at the boston women s march womens march boston womens march
had a great time visiting  pepsico  where i learned more about their food for good operation  food for good prepare…
alabama in the house   today  we turned out for an  hbcu  lunch in congress to talk about the big challenges and the…
 alan grayson is back  
 housedemocrats have a a better deal to rebuild america that would invest  1t  create millionsofjobs  upgrade our r…
i-chi-ro  i-chi-ro  i-chi-ro 
today  i met with commissioner  sgottliebfda of  us_fda to discuss compounding  the new drug approval process for n…
teenage boys  yelling about who has the bigger button  often get into fights  that s why teenage boys shouldn t hav…
today  we are bringing together senior representatives from  usaid   cdcglobal  us  deptofdefense   usda  and priva…
rt  naral    jaredpolis on extreme  personhood  text in g o p tax plan   it s frankly an embarrassingly transparent attempt to undermine women…
6pm  polls in va open until 7 & in md & dc until 8  once in line  you can t lawfully be denied casting your vote  election2016 stay in line
congressional republicans had 7 years to come up with a plan and they still don t have a bill to show for it  amateur hour repeal and run
what an honor for me to have worked with him and to be included on this and what a loss for nevada
⚪️ installed a special-interest revolving door into the white house /4
  facebook failed to protect americans  data  now it needs to own up to it – and fix the problem 
great to visit w old friends & new over breakfast  working together to keep trump from dragging us backward & to ac…
i m deeply saddened by the passing of first lady barbara bush  and amazed by the life she lived  she was loving  wi…
as de s former secretary of labor  i think it is ill-advised to scale-up a massive employment and training program…
mary was also able to finance upgrades to clayton s mexico take out  which is connected to the coffee shop  now tha…
need help with a federal agency  my staff will be in stillwater tomorrow to assist  learn more & make an appointmen…
rt  repjackyrosen  because no mother should be taken away from her child  honor immigrant moms
today we remembered the 50th anniversary of dr  king s death at a ceremony in the capitol  powerful words from mlk…
to all the  lgbtq  youth who are bullied or feel like they must remain silent—you are not alone  kept your head held…
rt  repcohen  barbara_ bush taught her children well  don t tell lies  please and thank you treat others as    be gracious  do your homewor…
heading into the higher education bill markup today  hoping to make college more affordable and accessible for everyone 
thanks  govmurphy for holding a bipartisan meeting for the nj delegation  it was great to talk frankly about guns …
rt  seec  the water resources development act presents an opportunity to build sustainable infrastructure  today  seec called on infrastruc…
rt  secondharvestfb  our staff met with congressional representatives in dc to help advocate policies that support our mission  thank you t…
ashlyn miller from  hcpsplantcityhs raided my art competition this year and got to show off her wonderful artwork a…
over objections by  speakerryan  a group of republicans are working to force a vote to save daca  this is the right…
so sad to hear about the passing of my colleague and friend  rep  louise slaughter  she never hesitated to speak ou…
happy st patrick s day  ☘️
  speakerryan are you telling me that we can t get together  that we can t find a compromise on gunviolence 
rt  oversightdems    repcummings  the president s administration has issued illegal gag orders to try to stop whistleblowers from telling c…
for decades  gop-led states made dramatic cuts to schools  students & teachers  while giving away tax breaks for th…
throughout my tenure as a legislator  my priorities have never changed  i ve always been committed to finding solut…
i m proud to join the  officialcbc in their efforts to root out racism in federal policy  the white house  and on fe…
many of the chibok girls who ve been released or escaped are fighting for the futures they d planned …
the johnson amendment repeal included in the g o p tax plan could create a civil war in the pews  it would lead to the…
rt  govtrack  h r  1702 by  repdwightevans passed the house yesterday  →senate   small business development centers improvement act of 2017…
i voted  no  because there is nothing in this bill to fix healthcare for the american people 
in this year s national defense bill  i ll be directing the department of defense to look at ways to expand childca…
many colorado companies are leading the way in the aerospace industry and stem education is the foundation of this…
rt  dannyvinik  my investigation into the government s response to hurricane maria is out  how trump favored texas over puerto rico
rt  outfrontcnn  rep  ted lieu   if i were china  i would be pretty happy right now  because the president of the united states has already…
thank you to the presidents and representatives who came  for your continued collaboration on behalf of sgvstudents…
 potus s initial executive order banning muslims was ill conceived and discriminatory  in an attempt to bypass a supreme court reversal   
yesterday   scotus  began the process of determining whether or not trump s travelban violates the constitution  do…
incredible footage from an incredible day  we can t let these kids down  march for our lives
rt  cbsnewyork  former first lady barbara bush remembered as  lovely  friendly woman  in hometown of rye  n y 
i was honored to deliver the commencement at  uncpolisci yesterday  the insights that political science offers abou…
today s piece in  thehill breaking down north korea s announcements 
proud to receive the moms demand action gun sense candidate distinction 
thank you ambassador  embroberta for your service and all you have done to strengthen trade relations between the u…
so much for accountability  transparency & sense of duty  at least 5 officials at epa  4 of them high-ranking  we…
huh  doesn t surprise me  people have antiquated ideas about the ct coast  today  we are a very diverse district 
rt  momsrising  want to learn more about how medicaid helps moms  join us on wednesday 5/9 at 2pm et on wellness wed 
yea  bows   uhmanoa  hawaiimbb
rt  folcsnyu  happy belated pub date to big guns  join us on 6/18 for a conversation on political satire with  repsteveisrael and chris bu…
meeting with worldwind helicopters  in april  worldwind helicopters was awarded a  forestservice contract for wildland firefighting support 
what did  realdonaldtrump say andrew jackson would have stopped civil war    jackson enslaved 300 men women and children of african descent 
dreamers are our neighbors  our children s classmates  and members of our military  i stand with you to defend d a c a
again - people don t want congress to pass tax cuts that disproportionately benefit the wealthy and then offset the…
cecilia gómez contributed to the community for decades  raised 3 sons & was on a path to gaining legal permanent residency 
 spills don t respect state boundaries  that s something the trump administration simply doesn t understand   kill the drill
once again  the president is blocking sanctions on russia  this time contradicting his own administration to do so …
i will not be supporting this continuing resolution that does not address  daca  & adequate disaster relief funding…
congrats to rory from  dedaluswine on winning the cheesemonger invitational  the result of hard work  innovation  a…
i worked with  repraskin and  tgowdysc for a  10 raise in daily pay for federal jurors  and the omnibus includes o…
rt  drdenagrayson  🔥impeach🔥 who s blocking impeachment⁉️ house judiciary chairman  repgoodlatte👉investigating hrc emails instead‼️🙄
you should vote on the d r e a m act because it s the right thing to do  not hold the futures of 800 000 young people h…
millions of middle-class families will see their taxes go up under gop plan  see my statement at today s tax confe…
anyone who wants to open biz/become job creator should have access to resources needed  that s why i intro ed start…
rt  nancypelosi  on april 14  2014  276 schoolgirls were abducted by boko haram in nigeria  four years later  112 of the chibok girls are s…
read more here about why  centeronbudget is speaking out in opposition to  housegop s hypocritical balanced budget…
it s been four years and families in flint are still relying on filters and bottled water  clean drinking water is…
rt  megburrow  to combat opioidcrisis gottheimer is calling on the dept  of health and human services to provide up to date data on action…
rt  billcassidy    repcartwright thanks for introducing the companion in the house  let s keep working together to get it through congress…
i m proud to represent california s 31st congressional district  and i look forward to continuing to fight for inla…
despite overwhelming public support  the trump  fcc voted to end net neutrality  i m supporting legislation to…
thanks for reaching out  rachel  all delawareans interested in visiting the capitol can contact my dc office at 202…
honored to receive the distinguished community health advocate award  community health centers…
fighting for what is good & right was the joy of vel phillips  life  she spread that joy into my life & the lives o…
this am i stopped by my local  rei to kick off national park week with some friends from  wta_hikers and wirta hospi…
thanks  cqnow and  billclarkphotos  it was a great game 
first lady barbara bush was a passionate advocate  tireless public servant  navy wife  and a loving mother and gran…
judges answer to the rule of law not the so-called president  apparently beleaguered ag doesn t get concept of co-e…
this from a crew that knows public relations nightmare  i can handle ideological differences but the dishonesty and…
this column by  clivemcfarlane captures some of the themes  repmcgovern and i discussed in worcester ma last week …
rt  phardinjackson  bravo   repjayapal   ice  must never be immune to  foia  requests 
for teacher appreciation week  i want to give a big shout-out to my favorite teacher  the late ms  fannie burrows  w…
heartbroken by horrific & devastating attack in orlando during pride  we stand in solidarity with the lgbtq community pray for orlando
rt  pac12  congratulations  uw_rowing on winning the men s and women s pac12 row conference championships for the second consecutive year …
rt  fla_pol  darren soto amendments make flying friendlier to new moms and pregnant women via  scottfist fla pol ht…
happy public health week  this year s theme  changing our future  together  find a community health event near you 
wny fire departments  don t forget to get your  fema safer fire grant applications in before tomorrow s deadline 
rt  nancypelosi  wishing my friend  repbarbaralee a happy 20th anniversary of her joining the house of representatives  your commitment to…
since  dadt  ended  i ve kept advocating on behalf of honorable servicemembers who were unfairly discharged under this discriminatory policy 
congratulations to  bcrusade for being selected by  stephencurry30 & team stephen and  asaslosangeles for being sel…
speaking to  fairfaxcounty fair housing act 50th anniversary commemoration  we have made great progress preventing…
 michael bloomberg said so well at the democratic convention  he [trump] is a conman  i m from new york  and i kno…
mahalo to bg & dr  berg for visiting and making this great video  sign up for a tour  
👇🏽
rt  energycommerce  ranking members  frankpallone   repjerrynadler   bobbyscott and  repcummings have requested  thejusticedept and  fbi in…
i m fighting for a bipartisan cr because i care about community health centers  chip kids  daca recipients  pension…
while the president has been busy dividing us and dealing with his own scandals  china has been quietly getting to…
the u s  withdrawal from the iran deal & newly imposed sanctions will hurt our european and asian allies  yet anoth…
rt  dcmacnut  the coal panel is starting  u s  rep  collinpeterson of minnesota has arrived to deliver some remarks 
the march for our lives & me too movements remind us that what s always been doesn t have to always be  we can stop g…
once again i joined the  missiondems for their annual gala  my friend rebecca flores was honored this year for her…
click below for all the details on the 2018 congressional art competition  i am always heartened by the thoughtful…
ln i joined  politicsnation  thereval 2 discuss gop mission 2 derail  aca  post election2014
i visited the abilityone program s laundry service facility in chula vista and met some of the dedicated and hardwo…
happy birthday  zach  you may be older  but i can still see that little boy  love you 
epa spokesman claims that  epascottpruitt testifying before congress is an opportunity to reiterate accomplishments…
rt  uncfsu  congressman  gkbutterfield will address the more than 700 graduates during  uncfsu s 151st spring commencement on saturday  may…
i m fighting to bring back net neutrality because our democracy depends on a free and open internet  i won t let th…
rt  repalgreen  our hearts ache as we mourn the loss of winnie mandela  for decades she was a symbol of resistance to systems of political…
why do you obsess about this instead of the opioid crisis  gun violence  college affordability  and collapsed brid…
must read  this gun maker wanted safe guns via  nytopinion
i want to commend the students of douglas high school for making their voices heard on gun safety  throughout ameri…
wonderful meeting with members of  acdcnv   cis_nevada   lit_lv  the japan america society of nv  the korean assoc …
reports individuals outside  deptvetaffairs may have impeded efforts to move forward w/positive reforms to ehr are…
in a december  energycommerce hearing  i took  epascottpruitt to task for wasting taxpayer funds on a soundproof bo…
great to see amb  markus leitner  the swiss ambassador to iran  to discuss the importance of the iran nuclear deal…
i am so offended by john kelly s comments  my immigrant parents worked hard every day to achieve the…
report after report has shown us president trump has hired the most corrupt individuals to be a part of his cabinet…
tourism is our state s no  1 industry  and we cannot afford to risk destroying our beaches and coastal environments  2/3
met with the deaf and hard of hearing service center in salinas to learn about the services that they offer  this l…
stopped by for a tour of  vermontcreamery in websterville this morning and  of course  to taste their…
i believe the internet must remain free and open for all people  net neutrality
thank you to all of our amazing volunteers at today s citizenship fair   az03 
rt  gailphardie  thank you  momsdemand   repmikequigley    repschakowsky   repgutierrez together we will create a safer america  reject th…
adding more fuel to the conflicts of interest fire   realdonaldtrump refuses to divest himself from his business de…
congrats patricia smith
rt  news12nj  rep  gottheimer tours storm-damaged parts of nj n j tonight
there s no final spending plan  no long term chip funding  no daca deal  but  housegop plans to leave town  and…
rt  energycommerce    hhsgov has been marred with ethics scandals over the past year  former hhs secretary price promised to pay back the t…
rt  aaronsojourner  thread on new  antitrustcaucus  keithellison bill to increase competition between employers for workers by reducing emp…
the white house refuses to apologize to john mccain or hold trump s press aide accountable for saying senator mccai…
never have i seen legislative action that reveals such clear disdain for the human dignity of the most vulnerable among us 
folks  this is the same policy that was strictly enforced  at the request of  senategop throughout president obama…
thank you  risca1967 for your advocacy and dedication to supporting the arts in rhode island  i m proud that senato…
visit memphis  memphisinmay with music festival this weekend and barbecue festival 5-18&19 and much more the we…
rt  aslavitt  breaking  see this entire thread by  repdonbeyer  this is evidence that trump is making it much harder for americans to take…
on this lgbtq dayof silence  join me in committing to fight discrimination and harassment wherever you find it  no…
i m proud to know many teachers  firefighters and other hardworking folks who serve in local government  we can n…
it is now untenable to pretend there was no collusion between agents and entities aligned with russia and trump cam…
on this world a i d s day  do you know your status  get tested  fight the stigma  let s work together to prevent & defe…
i have a better idea that would fix the farm bill 
volume & consistency of mail service complaints across  ny17  and rest of westchester require systemic attention  co…
great to meet with president gale hutchinson from my alma mater  chicostate  thanks for stopping by and for your gr…
as we remember martin luther king  jr  today  50 years after his untimely passing  let us renew again his commitmen…
i stand with my community and our families and ask all americans to keep the victims and their loved ones in their…
 gop congress is clueless   repdianeblack    what is  rich   is  1 million rich  is  10 million rich  is  1 billion…
behind every successful entrepreneur is a great idea  and a dynamite business plan  visit  sbagov s business guide…
 uncf  s landmark study demonstrates that georgia s h b c us are not only relevant  but necessary h b c u strong…
last night  republicans blocked my amendment to the  fy19ndaa  that would stop the u s  from refueling saudi-led coa…
there s only one week left to get tickets for the 58th annual governor s prayer breakfast  i hope you ll join us in…
great season  coogs 
by cutting the corporate tax rate from 35% to 21%  the g o p tax scam is helping put money back in the pockets of corp…
the republican tax bill picks winners and losers – the big winners are the very wealthy and some corporations  and…
current federal laws around marijuana are draconian and outdated  i am proud to cosponsor the respect state marijua…
will continue to fight for the rights of all of you to be free from discrimination no matter gender  gender identit…
what we must determine is how russia attempted to subvert our democracy so we can ensure that precautions are taken…
rt  senwhitehouse  flake  trump conducting  war on objective reality   the strategy and apparatus for this war were constructed for climate…
lorelei hutchings & jain orr stood out in the rain at  sxsw  yesterday to resist what is happening in our country r…
congratulations to the south hagerstown high school robotics team 
during small business week  we pay tribute to the entrepreneurs and small business owners who fuel our nation s pro…
proud to join my colleagues in letter to trump demanding removal of pruitt from  epa  polluting pruitt is currentl…
i am a strong supporter of israel  but in the interest of peace  i currently do not support moving the us embassy…
rt  maketheroadny  t-minus 1 hour - frontline p b s investigates  the gang crackdowns   who is behind the wave of killings on long island -…
proud to speak this morning at the  jcrcny annual congressional breakfast  great to support the jewish and pro-isr…
wednesday  we passed halos act to improve accesstocapital for small biz keep up w/my work in congress at 
our nation comes together during crises  puerto rico &  usvi  should be no different-we must stand w our fellow americans as they recover 
iran deal
the administration s ban  which implements the same policy that was blocked by several courts  runs counter to the…
kicking out dreamers wouldn t just be a moral catastrophe – it would send  90 million out of louisiana every year …
yesterday evening  i spoke directly with gm ceo mary barra to discuss the loss of gm lordstown s 2nd shift  potenti…
students around the country are hosting town halls with their members of congress to ensure the country follows up…
  rephastingsfl  i stand with  repwilson in the fight to bring back our girls  4 years too long 
earth is our home  it is our paradise  our source  the place we are born & die  where we grow and learn and meet ou…
congratulations to the graduates participating in today s 10th annual gradu a s i a n  aapi  ceremony hosted by  acdcnv…
since sandy hook  more than 430 people have been killed in 230 school shootings  congress has a responsibility to a…
not  in lights  but  in chalk  in the  morning_joe green room  msnbc
i just voted no on the three week government funding bill  doesn t protect dreamers  doesn t provide longterm fundi…
i ll never forget when louise slaughter & i  just junior congresswomen at the time  charged up the senate steps to…
rt  housedemwomen  a well-deserved honor  congratulations to two inspirational  fearless leaders  both members of dwwg   for being named to…
as a former public school teacher  i was proud to join  senbooker on friday in support of the s t r i v e act  which wil…
rt  envam   there are many states where the wotus rule is absolutely essential  including mine   thank you rep  debbie wasserman schultz fo…
so thrilled to be meeting with members of the  akasorority1908 pi chapter on the campus of  fisk1866  where i joine…
honored several  ww2  vets for their service to our nation  they are great patriots  god bless our veterans  🇺🇸 ny03 
 otd  in 1940  the very first social security check was issued  since then  it has helped lift millions out of pover…
today  i spoke with constituents about the importance of congenital heart disease research  i will keep fighting in…
will all of y all be my valentine 
new york women have made such an impact on american history  their impact is so great that  senkamalaharris and i a…
i spoke to  ucf student gun safety advocates at a recent coffee with your congresswoman event  i m heartened to see…
la junta de supervisión fiscal tendrá su 1era reunión de 8 30 a 10 am en la ciudad de nueva york  accédela en
americans oppose discrimination in all forms  including discrimination against those with pre-existing conditions  say no to trumpcare 
white house is not alarmed that a senior staffer made light of senator mccain s illness and life-expectancy  but ra…
the african american community s intrinsic strength  resilience  and resolute faith during hardship serves as motiv…
i came to congress to help write farm bills  to get policy right  and to work with all of my colleagues  we cannot…
the fall is a great time to visit dc  my staff can help you schedule a wh and capitol tour if you re visiting …
great to tour the innovative  thepixieproject today  they are connecting animals in need with families across the p…
on  iwd2018   we celebrate the amazing achievements women have made across the globe  honor those who have shaped hi…
donald trump s threats to russia and syria via twitter are reckless  erode confidence  and could put american troop…
👉 you can learn more here 
congress is set to vote on  faa  reauthorization this week after 3  yrs of negotiations  but  housegop is threatenin…
it s time to get the job done and ensure our citizens are healthy and safe from zika  great article here 
rt  repjerrynadler  read my statement on the attempt by  housegop members to force dag rosenstein to produce key documents related to speci…
january 20  2018 – wake forest university  winston-salem  north carolina photo   wfdd 8/19
the g o p budget would lead to tax cuts of  230 000 for the wealthiest americans  for the poorest  just  60  a pathet…
rt  sacog   sacog meeting with  dorismatsui &  t4america this morning with  metro_chamber during the annual capto cap18 trip in  dc 
rt  robinlynnekelly  attended  powerrising18 event in atlant over the weekend  with my colleagues in the people s house   repyvetteclarke …
i ll be questioning  epascottpruitt in just a few minutes  i m concerned about his proposed cuts to essential progr…
this is good news for dreamers in our community but is another example of the daily uncertainty these young people…
i ve had a blast visiting dc communities every week to talk about my work in congress and hear directly from reside…
rt  housedemocrats  may is military appreciation month  a time to honor all those who bravely serve our country  we can never thank them eno…
rt  tulsipress   invasive species are a great threat to the way of life for countless hawaii farmers & agricultural workers  the a i p m act…
right now  you can still apply to renew your  daca   if you meet the requirements to apply for daca renewal  you sho…
as the first state begins to warm  an increase in smog makes breathing more difficult and poor air quality is a hea…
my thoughts and prayers are with the bush family today as the whole country mourns the passing of first lady barbar…
rt  oversightdems  breaking  top dems request identities of regulatory reform task force members
rt  insidetrade  reps  dingell  pascrell slam ustr for  lapses in transparency  in trade talks
yesterday  i spoke to the national guard bureau chief at the defense appropriations hearing about establishing the…
read my statement on the attempt by  housegop members to force dag rosenstein to produce key documents related to s…
always a pleasure to see familiar faces in dc  including our very own mayor lingl from  cityoflompoc  had a great d…
rt  lacolifeguards  celebrating the women that inspire us everyday  we are especially proud to support the ones who help keep our beaches s…
rt  recode  amazon s 10 board members are all white  three of the 10 are women  now in a big change   amazon announced it would adopt a po…
facebook users have a right to know how  when  and where their personal  private data is being used online  watch m…
concerned that russians may be behind data breach of  saksfifthavenue &  lordandtaylor - let s confront & refocus o…
i am deeply disappointed by the senate s failure to reach a bipartisan and fair agreement for d r e a mers  the fight…
thanks bishop  emdacunha for joining our clergy roundtable on opioids in fall river last night - great discussions
a free press is key to a healthy democracy  on world press freedom day  we celebrate journalists around the globe who…
click below for details about my 2018 military academy night  i encourage all students interested in military servi…
should the us step back from our leadership at international financial institutions  there are many other countries…
she walks the walk  and i challenge anybody else to do it as well  thank you for your history-making speech in supp…
reminder ~ submissions for the 2018 congressional art competition are due in my huntington district office by wedne…
march is national nutrition month  i had the opportunity to speak with  bpc_bipartisan this morning about strength…
there is so much more that must be done but the majority in congress won t even allow an open debate on commonsense…
just read the so-called f i s a memo  least significant document anyone has ever bothered to tweet about  the memo and…
at approximately 7 00 pm tonight i ll be on the house floor to commemorate d c emancipation day and demand that congr…
congrats to j fraser stoddart for winning the chemistry  nobelprize  honored that he served on my blue ribbon task force on nanotechnology
watch  we passed an amendment to make sure az firefighters have the best tools to protect us from wildfires  air ta…
i am live with my expert panel discussion on understanding the north korean crisis  you can watch on my facebook pa…
we don t need guns in our schools  we need gun safety now enough never again
we have more than enough proof to know that the environment is the issue of the 21st century  earth day
with friends like these   mr  hagee said the bible make clear that hitler and the holocaust — when about six mil…
rt  scicmtedems  ranking member  replipinski opening statement for composite materials hearing
against this tax bill for so many reasons  hurts middle class families  causes tx uninsured rate  already highest i…
rt  repcummings  it s time to send a clear message on the 2020 census that everyone counts  an undercount will hurt people in red states to…
it s incredibly important that you vote  remind your friends  neighbors  and family to vote by mail or on election day  ask julia  ca26 
 they bought back shares  a few gave out bonuses  there s no evidence whatsoever that the money s been massively po…
proud to honor our vietnam vets with memorial pin ceremony tomorrow at  deptvetaffairs monument in lake nona …
as a proud  ibew card-carrying member in congress  i m fighting hard for better pay  better benefits  and better wo…
  realdonaldtrump s dangerous decision to appoint john bolton as national security adviser is a prime example of wh…
great to see so much enthusiasm at the everett caucus today  mapoli
rt  officialcbc    repbobbyrush c b c on healthcare
last week s facebook hearings made for good tv  but congress did nothing to address the problems in our elections …
thank you to the more than 150 constituents that showed up to my community meeting last week in baldwin hills and l…
on  wamu885  drshow w/ diane rehm to talk about boxer-rangel bill to ban the electoral college  listen now
tinder fire update  there will be a community meeting tonight to discuss re-entry for those displaced by the fire …
i just finished visiting the va hospital in east orange  nj  to hear about the needs of our veterans heath system …
going on now  we re having a conversation on women in the workforce  raising voices  raising pay …
it was an honor to attend the historical marker unveiling ceremony for pauline c  morton  the 6th mid-atlantic regi…
it was an honor to speak  unlv s latino graduation this evening  congratulations  class of 2018  fue un honor est…
the g o p tax scam is a christmas present to america s wealthiest  but a lump of coal for working families 
i am heartbroken by the passing of my friend and colleague  louiseslaughter  she was a great lady  an exceptional l…
every day without congressional action  120 d r e a mers lose their daca status because of  realdonaldtrump s immoral…
and why is this news  of course cyclists are healthier and age slower 
the tech sector employs millions  but women and minorities are sharply underrepresented  embracing diversity will b…
infrastructure week is here again  and no plan for increased and continued investment in our nation s infrastructur…
kids are fearing for their lives for simply attending school  but by all means  let s scold them for dropping f-bom…
we cannot keep letting these terrible tragedies happen and do absolutely nothing   4/4 
we all want to end the opioidepidemic and save as many lives as possible  but to get there we need a comprehensive…
rt  blkahn    bettymccollum04 with the 🔥   i ve held back on doing this as some of my colleagues have  but i m going to say it clearly and…
congratulations to  teamshuster and all of our u s  curlers   duluthnews
homebuyers in ma would be hit hard by the g o p tax plan  which would eliminate the mortgage interest deduction above  500k
rt  countyofsb  nws has issued a flash flood watch for all sbcounty through 5pm  risk for debris flows in burn area and periods of urban an…
  epascottpruitt s abuses of power and flagrant corruption are an insult to every american  with the investigations…
thanks women4 julia & kathy long 4 helping  gotv  in  ca26   especially helen gracy stewart  our 98 yr old supporter 
join me wednesday at 6 pm for an  az01  teletown hall to discuss fire mitigation efforts & issues effecting forest h…
rt  denmarkinusa  great discussion this morning on the important issue of free trade  thank you  repricklarsen and  wtcseattle 🇺🇸🇩🇰
a federal appeals court has delivered a sharp rebuke of president trump s attempt to circumvent congress and punish…
for over 20 years i have been proud to receive an  f  grade from the  nra and i will never let them stop me from su…
rt  hispaniccaucus  hurricane maria caused widespread devastation across puerto rico  killing hundreds  destroying hundreds of thousands of…
that s 38 million individuals who would see on average higher taxes starting in 2023 according to  jctgov
rt  multco  commissioner  smeieran joins  repbonamici in calling for more safe disposal sites for opioids 
another amazing win for  cyclonefb  great afternoon of football  let s keep it going this evening   hawkeyefootball 
rt  oversightdems  new fbi letter released today by  repcummings reveals that the fbi sent its first derogatory report about porter in marc…
subcommittee on higher ed & workforce development held a hearing on closing the skills gap  tackling the shortage o…
rt  ct_history   otd  in 1865  the 29th  colored  regiment connecticut volunteer infantry became the first union infantry soldiers to enter…
great tour  and lunch   at  greasyluckbrew this week - lots of exciting new establishments in downtown new bedford…
the fact that the president continues to overrule his own closest advisers  and large bipartisan majorities in cong…
what a wonderful and well-deserved tribute to  dromm25 s mother  a hometown champion for equal rights  thanks for m…
this congress has been in desperate need of bipartisan cooperation to protect the mueller investigation  the rule o…
every single life lost to gun violence should elicit sorrow & action  we ve had too many moments of silence  it s t…
first sheriff arpaio  now trump pardons scooter libby  a perversion of the pardon power and an instrument for clear…
if the g o p budget is passed  louisiana residents will begin to see the adverse effects of poor medicaid & medicare funding    
today i met with texas workforce commissioner  julian alvarez  alvareztwclabor  we discussed funding for texas labo…
great to be with my youth council talking about gun safety  me too  consumer protection  and foreign policy-these s…
 amyharlib you can count on my no vote  this political  partisan farm bill is terrible  i support  snap  and will not vote for any cuts 
20 census tracts within the 10th district have just been designated as opportunity zones to support new local busin…
on fri  it was reported that epa may propose to take away ca s authority to set its own vehicle ghg standards  the…
rt  umichbball  📍 national championship game go blue
dyk   tps  was est  through congress by the immigration act of 1990  it covers nearly 325 000 tps holders   savetps 
 3/3  carlton ingram with operating engineers  and trumbull co  commissioners frank fuda  mauro cantalamessa  and d…
great meeting with kappa alpha psi grand polemarch thomas l  battles  jr 
many small businesses employ workers in the skilled trades  they re hiring  70% of the nation s construction compan…
rt  repdankildee  four years later  flint families are still recovering from the water crisis and having to use filters & bottled water  in…
i m pleased to announce paramount high school senior noah endo has won first place in the 25th annual lucille roybal…
this week i signed a discharge petition to force a vote on the d r e a m act  it s time to protect d r e a mers now 
rt  bettymccollum04  the house should pass  housedemocrats bill that pays our military during the trump shutdown  it s the least we can do…
happy 8th anniversary to the affordable care act  one year ago today  i voted against the republican s attempt to r…
so proud to see san diegans standing together at the womens march2018  the passion and energy of our community is i…
gertrude pridgett  ma  rainey was born in 1886  in columbus  georgia  she was the first popular stage entertainer t…
today is national teacher appreciation day & i want to highlight ms  christine campbell from  hcpsvanburenms  she s a…
thanks to everyone who came out to our town hall today — for your great questions  for holding me accountable  and…
we need a coordinated effort to fight the trump administration and ensure we move forward  not backwards  on green…
roughly 4 million americans have lost health insurance since 2016 with the uninsured rate jumping to 15 5%  of thos…
new milford students are helping to change the conversation and save lives  be like new milford students 
as a strong defender of the 1st amendment  i applaud the return of father conroy as chaplain of the house of reps -…
rt  nasa  today is international womens day and we re celebrating the many generations of women who have worked or are working to make the f…
last year  the ceo of  walmart earned  22 8 million  a staggering 1 188 times more than the  19 177 a median employ…
reminder  my office is hosting a senior fraud protection workshop today from 1 30-3 30 p m  at bear canyon senior…
another reason to oppose the roll back of net neutrality ➡️ it could hurt small biz and hinder innovation
it was a pleasure to see you  thank you for all you re doing to foster a great high ed experience for our students 
thank you  veterans  veterans day
happy birthday to the one and only ruth bader ginsburg  thank you for your dedicated service to the nation …
remembering the 3 killed  9 injured & all impacted by shooting 1yr ago at  pprockymountain clinic in co springs …
i was honored to introduce my friend leader  nancypelosi today at the  smithsonian  where she is donating objects f…
rt  demsespanol  los republicanos promovieron su desastroso plan fiscal como una ley que beneficiaria a la clase media  la realidad es que…
if republicans had put half as much effort into this cr as they did into last year s huge tax cut for billionaires …
85% of lgbtq students have been verbally harassed at school and almost 60% report feeling unsafe  we need to…
rt  barackobama  there are few issues more important to the security of the us than the potential spread of nuclear weapons or the potentia…
rt  homelanddems  today ranking member  benniegthompson and  repjayapal  reproybalallard  repzoelofgren wrote dhs sec  nielsen on dhs separ…
sadly  election-season hacking is underway  democrats have asked  housegop to join us in agreeing to not use any ha…
it s good that mental health services are being expanded for our veterans   but we need to make sure our veterans…
a real problem  potus hasn t addressed  the millions of gallons of sewage flowing from mexico into our beaches  i…
rt  nitalowey  the house is scheduled to vote thursday on a balanced budget amendment  this is a dangerous pretext by the republican major…
stopped by some small businesses in downtown dover—  psshoppe  the looke boutique  my roots boutique  and the house…
por ejemplo  la disposición sobre el salario mínimo es desacertada apoyo la enmienda de la congresista torres para eliminarla del proyecto 
and it was my pleasure to join you  thank you for all the work you do to keep families in need from going hungry  🍌🍆
growing up  i never wanted an  f  on a report card  the gun lobby s test is one i m proud to flunk  glad to stand…
rt  repcummings  our children are the living messages we send to a future we will never see  the question is how will we send them into tha…
the track record of state takeovers of critical responsibilities vested in local institutions and local officials w…
rt  krassenstein  breaking  the city of seattle has just filed a motion to vacate all convictions & drop all charges for marijuana possess…
this is absolutely the right move  remove nunes
rt  reproybalallard  glad to speak out in support of  repjudychu s reuniting families act  which will streamline the family-based immigrati…
 corybooker bill strengthens protections for vulnerable communities  gives a path to hold bad actors accountable  a…
the g o p tax scam is only designed to please republican donors  period 
remember nj helps subsidize many other states  nj got just 74 cents back for every dollar in federal taxes in 2015 …
had a great time recently touring the edsal manufacturing - amazon warehouse in gary  appreciate their commitment t…
with gov t set to run out of   on thursday  the house just passed another 1-month cr written to please the freedom…
rt  repalgreen    realdonaldtrump when you break more deals than you make  you are not a great dealmaker you are a great deal breaker 
if we truly have faith in those we serve — if we want our government to reflect the diversity   strength of our com…
the thousands of shoes laid out at the u s  capitol are a chilling representation of the children who have been kil…
perfect timing  cpt  ret  manning ssg ret  mckinley of  servicewomen stopped by my office just as an amendment they…
please join me on september 10th for an event w/ the  ccadems - tickets are  25 for members   35 for non-members 
one year ago   housegop rammed through their shameful trumpcare bill  had it become law  1 2 million nyers would h…
proud to join  secelainechao to announce memphis selected out of 150 applicants to host nation s first test site f…
i was deeply saddened when i learned that former first lady barbara bush had passed  may her elegance  compassion …
i joined  repjimcooper to pen an op-ed on how congress can take a big step in addressing the opioid epidemic  read…
here s a crazy idea  the leaks wouldn t be an issue if white house staff weren t saying  disgusting  things 
no quiero menos derechos democráticos
the facts relative to tillerson s mismanagement of the state dept reveals his disinterest in foreign affairs  he wa…
today  i participated in the revealing of a trade study by renowned texas economist dr  ray perryman at the…
outrageous  betsydevosed cares more how many kids removed from public schools than their  poor  academic outcomes 
if it is permissible under the opinion  full-scale sports gaming could be available at delaware s casinos before the end of june 
rt  crohnscolitisfn  heard from  repbradwenstrup &  congressmanruiz about hr 2077- restoring the patient s voice act  if passed  this bill…
es cuestión de terminar de analizar y recopilar todas las opciones reales del congreso y la rama ejecutiva del gobierno federal   
today s  nrdems  natresources hearing shows strong bipartisan support for national heritage areas  i will continue…
i m proud to announce that my bipartisan fra safety data improvement act--which improves reporting and training aro…
i worked with the 82nd airborne in haiti after the earthquake and i know what a massive early deployment can do to help save lives 3/8
rt  thearcofmass  thank you   repmcgovern  for your powerful remarks on why this bill s treatment of  snap  would be so harmful to our popul…
the right of students to go to school free from fear is more important than someone else s right to own weapons of…
mother nature keeps telling us that we must act  my 100 x  50 bill outlines how the u s  can transition to 100 perc…
president trump said trade wars are good  a lot of maryland farmers would disagree 
as we finish the hanukkah season  may you live with peace in light and love  happy hanukkah 
rt  kprc2  🔴  live  rep  al green discusses plans to again bring articles of impeachment against president trump &gt  h…
john f  kennedy hs student kennedy schreier wins best of wny for her artwork  outside of the hotel lafayette 
rt  aclu_dc    eleanornorton says the  usmarshalsgov eviction policy changes are a good start  but more reforms may be needed to protect te…
he has failed to carry out the mission of the epa and has  in fact  undermined the critical work of the agency at e…
rt  officialcbc  cbc chairman  reprichmond signs our 1 300-page jobs and justice act of 2018 after a press conference on thursday  may 10  2…
there is no time to waste  congress must pass a clean d r e a m act now  -- ex-homeland security officials urge faster a…
rt  creighton_scsj  thanks to the staff of  repbradashford for meeting with us today to talk criminal justice reform   iftj16 
rt  nicholsuprising   these members of congress are trying to visit gaza—israel should let them do so  new  thenation on why house members…
rt  repadams  the  massive  permanent tax cuts from g o p tax scam went to corporate america and hardworking americans got next to nothing   t… 
rt  lyliannasea  humbled to represent  repjayapal at the next100 summit amongst so many inspiring leaders working to ensure that our public…
i had a great time discussing the issues important to ventura county with voters in oxnard yesterday 
our safe c o a s t act makes permanent safety rules put in place after deepwater horizon  protect our coast from another…
 pee tape   how presidential 
congratulations to  footballuga on a hard-won victory  you never gave up  gave in  or gave out  you kept the faith…
just spoke in support of  janschakowsky s important amendment at  energycommerce  directing hhs to study the rising…
 nowthisnews  adybarkan  beaheroteam during ady s visit to washington  dozens of u s  representatives gathered in a…
the g o p tax scam  trump budget  and the so-called p r o s p e r act all have one thing in common  putting corporate profit…
happy hanukkah  i hope the next eight nights fill your home with happiness and light 
rt  repdianadegette  us gov t response to disaster-struck  usvi  and puerto rico is slowly ramping up  but real leadership is being shown on…
i urge republicans to work with democrats to negotiate a compromise farm bill that does not weaken our ability to f…
it was an honor to speak at the nc association of educators convention this morning  thank you for your dedication…
rt  repgutierrez  con congresistas  repraulgrijalva  reploucorrea en rueda de prensa con  indivisibleteam  unitedwedream twill
today is small business saturday  take some time to visit local stores and shopsmall   ne02 
it s time for the president to meaningfully address our nation s challenges by working with congress to advance bip…
rt  cspanwj  thurs|  usprogressives caucus vice chair  repjayapal  d-wa  joins us at 8 30am et to discuss progressive priorities  call or t…
rt  musicfirst  thank you  repjerrynadler   darrellissa  and  rephankjohnson for joining us to celebrate classic love songs and build momen…
thank you  repjohnlewis & rep   clyburn for organizing lighting the way tonight to disarm hate  an honor to be there
today  i m wishing my mother  alice  my sisters  thea and marla  and all mothers a happy and fufilling mother s day 
 being here today is difficult  but i will push through because i m here for a reason  to fight for something that…
rt  mamasconpoder  immigration agents are deliberately prying young children away from the arms of their mothers  this isn t a show of  tou…
rt  acog_vt  thank you so much to  peterwelch for for being such a strong supporter of women s health  facts are important maternal mortalit…
i ll be delivering the commencement address at the  rollinscollege  holtschool tomorrow at 10 am  tune in here to w…
  repeliotengel and i have been asking questions about drug money and  trump panama hotel  this takes it to a whole…
congratulations to mn athletes in the olympics2018  special shoutout to our  mn08  athletes  cory christensen  du…
house republicans continue to work to raise families  health costs and sabotage their health coverage - and today t…
if misuse of taxpayer money was a fireable offense in the trump administration  then the treasury secretary  interi…
it was an honor to welcome the senegalese minister of fisheries and the maritime economy and his delegation to rhod…
met jesus  owner of jxr constructors and a marine corps veteran  jesus has a background in professional constructio…
president trump is ignoring the worst refugee crisis in history and abandoning the very values our country was bui…
join me in voting for  longmeadowma superstar  brynncartelli on  nbcthevoice tonight voice top8 britton brynn duet
great to see  mcdonalds archwaysto opportunity program help these indianapolis women achieve their educational and…
join me for a  scpaflorida fundraiser -- meet & greet location  holiday inn melbourne-viera 8298 north wickham roa…
prez
we work very hard to ensure everyone who has an issue w/ a federal agency gets the help they need & deserve  hats o…
this a better deal will secure america s status as an economic powerhouse – and to make sure working people see the…
proud to be recognized by  actforparks with an a rating for my record supporting national parks vote for parks
no one was more passionate about the consequences of expanding our national debt than my husband  paul  who made it…
this mothers day let s protect our mothers across the nation with quality legislation that works to end to maternal mortality crisis 
many thanks to my good friend  marcmorial and  nulpolicy voting rights are worth fighting for and that begins by re…
look forward to reading at the goddard school for i loveto read month 
 fisa  can do a better job in protecting americans  which is why i voted  no  alongside many of my democratic and republican colleagues 
great to visit with representatives from maine s vfw  thank you for all you do to serve our state s veterans and th…
as we remember the attack at pearl harbor we continue to honor and pay tribute to those brave men and women like do…
3rd best female rap collaboration  lady of rage - g funk intro lady of rage laces a classic dr  dre beat and rocks…
it s unfortunate our current president doesn t take serious his responsibility to provide americans with the truth …
republicans have been talking about slashing programs such as medicaid  medicare  and social security since last ye…
on purple heart day we honor our service-members and vets  remembering the great sacrifices that are made to keep our country safe 
addiction must be prioritized as a mental health issue  not a criminal one  i will be monitoring 45 s course of act…
thank you for your support  mnsoybean   great to see you at farmfest this year 
what  betsydevosed won t tell you  she &  realdonaldtrump proposed to eliminate funding for student support and aca…
agreed  jefffortenberry  you re welcome on the north coast anytime 
the farm bill is helping small farms  here s an example how it s helping our region s dairy farmers 
it has been 8 years since the deepwater disaster claimed 11 lives and destroyed the habitats of thousands of specie…
rt  daniaperiodista   repdarrensoto joins governor  ricardorossello in petitioning fema to extend the temporary shelter assistance to dozen…
watch live  i m hosting a public forum on net neutrality with  mclyburnfcc 
mr  president  texas requested  61b to support victims of hurricane harvey  how can you possibly think your  44b di…
rt  housedemocrats  may is military appreciation month  a time to honor all those who bravely serve our country  we can never thank them eno…
rt  atul_gawande  meanwhile we are at day 100 without a renewal of chip  our program for health coverage for the nation s low income childr…
we need our presidents to be honest about their finances so we know they re not  say  accepting kickbacks from russ…
rt  matthewtramel  really appreciated  congressmanraja for stepping off the house floor after voting to speak with the  portfolioalts team …
hey  countyofla students  summer break will be here before you know it but it s not too late to score an amazing pa…
icymi - girls crush annual westchester science fair despite concerns they don t gravitate to  stem  👩‍💻
this is exactly why i wrote the no taxpayer funding for the wall act to prohibit the use of taxpayer 💰to build…
this is downright shameful and a slap in the face to each of our u s  citizen brothers and sisters who live in puer…
that s why as your representatives in congress  we are hard at work to ensure the protection of  snap   a critical n…
rt  sensherrodbrown  today s vote on net neutrality is about whose side we re on  corporate special interests  or the people we serve who d…
it s important that we work together to win the hearts & minds of neighbors who don t yet agree with us indivisible
on the 19th anniversary of the tragic columbine shooting  i joined students from across our community in rancho cuc…
libby and i were pleased to contribute to the success of the women lead luncheon to encourage more women to serve i…
rt  repcohen  malevolent actions&accidents can give people opportunity to rise to heroic actions  today i was proud to honor james shaw jr &…
every day  i m proud to meet with and hear from constituents in my district who aren t lobbyists  public service me…
a p  tureaud  along with thurgood marshall and the  naacp_ldf  filed and won the lawsuits that ended jim crow segre…
rt  housedemocrats  house democrats spoke out today against the trump administration s politically-motivated decision to include a citizens…
rt  azpmnews  a bipartisan bill  co-sponsored by arizona representative  repohalleran  proposes programs like hotlines and counseling for…
rt  tahirc   capuano4senate heading out to vote now  a lot of people i talked to today voting capuano  good going mike  // thank you  masen
now that adm  jackson has withdrawn his name from consideration  pres  must nominate individual who has vision  abi…
i now encourage a diligent  steadfast search for a nominee who can ably serve our nation s veterans  brave men and…
proud to call  njmep a partner in supporting new jersey s manufacturing industry 
thankful for courageous actions of james shaw jr   an american hero  his bravery subdued a mass killer  why can t th…
met with  paypal ceo  dan_shulman for our first c b c tech2020 visit this morning  in addition to growing diversity i…
i ve got a lot of amazing moms in my life  and i am so lucky to be with them today  happy mother s day to all the m…
i have filed an amendment this week designed to help ensure we never have another crash like the 2016 tragedy in ca…
had a productive meeting with representatives of the national coalition of 100 black women   nc100bwinc  to discuss…
rt  billpascrell  no wonder why so many americans oppose the g o p tax scam – it will saddle our children & grandchildren with at least  1 5 t…
it was a pleasure to join the puerto rican professional association of rhode island  state agencies  and organizati…
rt  kylegriffin1  remarkable nyt thread  scott pruitt dined last june with cardinal pell  a climate change skeptic facing sexual abuse char…
unions provide a path to the middle class for working families by increasing wages and their economic security  we…
it s tax season again  if you re a servicemember  resources are available to you to help with the process  learn mo…
barbara bush led a full life of grace and leaves behind a great legacy  i offer my deepest condolences to the bush…
our worst fears have been realized  and our community has been left shattered  the lives of 17 innocent individuals…
rt  nrdems  there are ~500 000 abandoned hardrock mines in the u s   with an estimated cleanup cost as high as  54b   repraulgrijalva and  …
icymi - i believe the jcpoa was a positive  diplomatic solution that was in america s best interests  president tru…
today i called upon the civil rights division of the usdoj to investigate what appears to be an unwarranted use of…
 otd  1824  house convenes to decide presidential election since no candidate received electoral college majority  john quincy adams chosen 
proud to help introduce the music modernization act  which passed  housejudiciary unanimously today   ca33  is home t…
if  realdonaldtrump claims to have fired secretary shulkin for misusing taxpayer money for personal benefit  he d f…
here s what s wrong with energy dominance 
rt  mayorharrykim  civil defense information about a possible explosive eruption at halemaumau  mayorharrykim
this interview should have happened months ago  bannon needs to answer questions about his time in the white house…
 potus he seems to forget that his own mother came into this country from scotland as a domestic worker w/ only  50 in her pocket
as  housegop gear up to vote on their g o p tax scam that keeps the system rigged against american families let s talk about a better deal
va officials repeatedly misled congress about improvements to the washington  d c  va hospital  and in doing so  pu…
rt  vladduthierscbs  our  cbsnews  cbsn  panel  jmgrygiel  danpatterson  rogerwcheng believes  usrepkcastor nailed many specific concerns du…
70 years ago today  israel was reborn  join me in reflecting on the incredible achievements of the state of israel…
rt  momsdemand  if more guns in more places made us safer  the u s  would be the safest country on earth  reject the n r a  nraam 
new england s energy future isn t offshore drilling  it s offshore wind  proud to introduce new bill to support off…
rt  shannonyoung413    reprichardneal urges companies to invest tax savings into retirement plans m apoli
adorable 
rt  lorettohospital  recap video of  lorettohospital annual st  jude  red  white & blue sparkling brunch on sun   may 6  2018  thank you f…
rt  repmarcykaptur  the flint water crisis is an injustice and cannot be allowed to happen again  in order to prevent future water crises…
rt  queenstrib  superfund may get funds through industry tax super fund wolff alport ridgewood  nydiavelazquez  ep…
i was glad to join  bluecollardems with special guest  joebiden in an empowering discussion about the importance of…
rt  fastercures  patient centricity is now recognized as a key part of biomedical innovation  but there s still work to do 
his lack of respect for them is clear & i don t need to hear more unacceptable & divisive rhetoric tonight  one wel…
rt  cathcharitieslv  thank you  repkihuen for meeting with deacon tom roberts of  cathcharitieslv and  ccharitiesusa about important issues…
it s so great to hear that my friend  stevescalise is officially in rehab  i m praying for your speedy recovery 
today s supreme court decision means that daca recipients can keep applying for renewals but still leaves thousands…
 mclyburnfcc has served the american people for nearly a decade as a steadfast advocate for all consumers  and part…
wishing all the families celebrating today across the central coast a happy easter 
best of luck to all the hawaii players on opening day and throughout the  mlb season
it s fitting that the one year anniversary of  realdonaldtrump s inauguration is also the first day of the g o p s…
rt  demsespanol  este mesdela mujer honramos a mujeres extraordinarias que rompieron techos de cristal y allanaron el camino para el progre…
i m joining  shannonbream on  foxnewsnight at 11 pm et/8 pm pt tonight to discuss news of the day  i hope you can tune in 
rt  repanniekuster  the  nbrc_team has been an important economic development tool in rural nh   peterwelch  claudiatenney  repjohnkatko  r…
today  milwaukee & communities across the country have joined with a united voice  calling out for gun control now …
rt  italyatoas  great and promising introductions by  selwinhart and  staceyplaskett to  rebuild  rethink  resilience  starting now  oas_o…
rt  usatoday  many of the ads  placed by russians posing as americans  didn t endorse a candidate but spread messages on immigration and ra…
rt  ronwyden  kimberly-clark laid off over 5 000 workers  explicitly saying the republican tax bill gave them the  flexibility  to cut empl…
 doloresmagro  amjoyshow  hardballchris  
this blatant departure from existing policy will have a chilling effect on infrastructure loan programs nationwide…
trump has a misunderstanding of what honors those who serve and how the public can embrace the 1% of our population…
my amendment on pandemic preparedness will advance implementation of ebola & other disease recommendations  as rece…
rt  ucsusa  climate change information has been disappearing from the  epa s website ever since scott pruitt took office last year  this we…
is  realdonaldtrump s wall about to be  nancypelosi s wall  🤔
mr  president  you re either lying to the american people  again  or you have no idea what you re talking about  im…
just learned i ve been selected to help solve our country s pensions issues  working families - i ll be looking ou…
today  2 30 pm cdt - congresswoman sheila jackson lee  ranking member of the house judiciary subcomm  on crime  ter…
great piece on holding ourselves accountable to recognize and quote women 
rt  michiganradio  representative dan kildee  d-flint  joined stateside monday to discuss how ending the water bottle program will affect t…
rt  clasp_dc   we are so grateful  repespaillat & 80  members have recognized how damaging this rule could be to immigrant families & thei…
i believe that d i v e r s i t yin t e c h is a good thing  the tech sector employs millions but hispanics are sharply underre…
it s always great when  az03  students come to washington to get a first-hand experience with federal government  th…
science & st patricks day is a good combination 
voting is a right  voter intimidation is illegal  keep calm & vote  to report issues you might have voting  call o…
i m sending my prayers and best wishes to  senatorreid as he recovers from a difficult surgery 
what better way to celebrate our beautiful planet on earth day  the only home we have  with a visit to one of our n…
rt  whiphoyer    realdonaldtrump promised to make our economy great again  yet the policies & actions undertaken by his administration are…
this little boy came to brown chapel ame church this morning to thank his hero  john lewis  what he didn t expect w…
the  fcc has taken action to undermine our free and open internet  my democratic colleagues in the senate are worki…
icymi  we had a riveting town hall on gun violence and school safety last night 
on tax day  let s take a look at who the biggest winners of the g o p tax scam really are  corporate ceos & shareholde…
today s the 25th anniversary of the family medical leave act  since 1993  200m  americans used fmla in to take medi…
post-abc poll  majority of americans support mueller s probe of russia  trump campaign  realdonaldtrump  the muel…
during world war ii  the federal govt  used census data to identify japanese-american families for internment  but…
no  potus   i refuse to compromise women s health care for your political gain  on this  iwd2018  i m uplifting advo…
today brave students across our country are walking out of their schools to call attention to the need for legislat…
  epascottpruitt s tenure in office has been filled with anti-environmental policies  federal investigations  ethic…
as a member of  akasorority1908  i would like to extend my prayers to our sister sorority  dstinc1913 and the young…
rt  specnewsbuffalo  traffic headaches on the skyway are just starting   mikearenatv reports  icymi 
rt  cityofduvall  it was a great day for  repdelbene to host one of her community forums right here in duvall 
rt  transportdems  today  full committee hearing with  usdot secretary elaine chao on  examining the administration s infrastructure propos…
in 2012  ralph dequebec lost both of his legs in an ied explosion in afghanistan  last month he won the gold medal…
if we expect to change harassment culture  we need to practice what we preach  the caa reform act would hold member…
there s nothing that holds a city together like a strong feeling of community  this morning  with some members of m…
we need your help to canvass for reproductive rights in illinois 
this jewish heritage month  i join in honoring jewish americans who have contributed to our nation & helped build it…
rt  housejuddems  🚨  breaking  🚨  housegop passes  hr4712   a bill  like many other  gop  bills in recent years  designed to deny women access…
rt  edworkforcedems  this morning  the trump administration announced it is dismantling the  cfpb office that protects students borrowers f…
the g o p tax scam made the wealthiest americans even wealthier  now the trump administration wants to triple the cost…
today marks six months since trump terminated  daca  & set into motion a crisis he & gop leaders have prolonged  am…
too many veterans have faced unacceptable challenges in access to care in nh  for there to be confidence in the va…
 icymi   rep  tulsi gabbard introduces bill to upgrade water infrastructure in hawaii  nationwide
while i am disappointed that this bill does not address daca recipients  i will continue to push my colleagues to c…
every day we re working hard to prevent this admin from destroying environmental rules  joined 105 colleagues in op…
last night around midnight  we wrapped up our work on the  ndaa   a marathon day of amendments  votes  and debate on…
rt  nwlc   reprichmond a7 3 if maternity coverage is gutted  moms struggling to make ends meet could forego critical prenatal care  ask the…
turns out real hoax is g o p tax scam  fake infrastructure plan & reckless budget  america deserves a better deal
i never expected to see an american presidential administration bring such new relevance to the works of judith shk…
earlier today  i voted to bring up a commonsense gun safety bill to expand background checks   housegop voted unani…
to the students participating in national walkout day  remember  they told  repjohnlewis to sit down & be quiet too…
  epascottpruitt has crammed a lifetime s worth of ethical failings into less than a year and a half in office  how…
may is recognized as national military appreciation month to honor current and former members of the u s  armed for…
la renovación de daca sigue disponible  su tu estatus se venció el 5 de septiembre de 2016 o después  las solicitud…
rt  nbcnews   do you believe that we have a crisis with gun violence in our country   education sec  devos responds when asked about gun v…
congress must stop the mass deportation of innocent young people  it s time we pass the  dream  act to protect d r e a mers
rt  prfaa    fema has agreed to unconditionally extend  tsa  until may 14   fema informs they will not be carrying out evictions today   sen…
rt  usrepkcastor  the trump gop wears its sabotage of americans  health care as a badge of honor  the truth  americans deserve lower cost…
financial services subcommittee holds hearing on delaney bill to protect veterans credit
john mccain is an american hero and a colleague on foreign affairs issues  he and his family are in our thoughts and prayers 
rt  repjimcosta  during domestic violence awareness month we stand with the 1/3 women & 1/4 men who are victims & survivors of domestic viole…
puerto rico is still in crisis but the president chooses to spend his time congratulating  hollywood elite  on thei…
 snap  is the most effective anti-hunger program in us history  and that includes helping keep many of our warriors…
the sexual harassment enterprise aka fake news fox news & russian trolls are at it again  the only harm i can cause trump is impeachment 
this past weekend  i joined  repsandylevin & rep   davereichert in montreal to push for an improved  nafta  that add…
spent my last day in congress after 46 yrs w/ dc staff who ve become my dear family  so long gang  see you up in ny…
thanks for staying on top of this  brianfrosh
black history month is a special time to remember & commemorate the african american leaders who make a significant…
my staff was very pleased to share info about my office and its services at the east l a veterans fair  we re here…
just a few hours left  make sure you have health insurance in 2018  visit or…
rt  nrdems  wyoming is planning to hold a yellowstone-area grizzly bear hunt this fall  despite the fact that the species is still recoveri…
i will be speaking in opposition to the  ahca  on the house floor shortly  you can watch it live on  cspan 
rt  denmarkinusa  🇩🇰 workers are assisting 🇺🇸 &  femaregion2 in the important rebuilding  usvirginislands after hurricanes maria  irma
met with dion harrison  director of  elevatecredit  this afternoon  we discussed the importance of confronting algo…
such an honor to walk the path of the selma to montgomery voting rights march with my friends  senkamalaharris and…
photo of the day- celebrating with the arts community this evening 
great meeting and speaking with 5th generation farmer  p j  haynie of  nbgc100 about the future of farming…
great to share a table with candy and councilman roger fawcett  councilman lue ward and sara johnston at the 4th an…
proud to support net neutrality 
rock  n  roll icon richard  little richard  wayne penniman was born december 5  1932 in macon  georgia …
i stand w/  ppfa &  dawnlaguens in the fight against archaic  gop efforts to control our bodies  deny us our rights…
jetblue inflight crewmembers deserve the protection of a trade union  good luck with the vote  i m standing with yo…
today at 2pm  realdonaldtrump is expected to outline his plan to lower drug prices  the importance of this issue to…
looking forward to seeing you on the mapoli campaign trail 
thrilled to join the  usfws announcement yesterday that the channel island fox is no longer endangered  wildlife win
the reality is too many corporations have fought tooth and nail against taking shared responsibility and long-term…
 katyturnbc never too early for general tso s chicken 
it s been over 100 days since congress let the children s health insurance program   chip   expire and 100  days of…
as a member of  transport  transportdems  i ve been strong advocate for federal investments in bike/pedestrian infr…
rt  jrclemmons  love it   karlfdean &  philbredesen waiving the towels for round 2 game 1  the former mayors who saved the team  nice work…
rt  ricksmithshow  check out today s podcast as we talk with  kharyp on the no r a movement  reprokhanna talks new tech new deal in rural…
rt  reprobinkelly  too many communities have seen terrible tragedies  watch  housedemocrats take a stand to end gun violence at 9 am et http…
rt  repdwightevans  the republican party is on the verge of passing a farm bill which includes work requirements and major cuts to snap  c…
we need to help our cities and states rebuild their infrastructure so the flint water crisis never happens again
april is national jazz appreciation month  🎷🎤🎺🥁few places feature the level of talent that is on display every day…
here s a sign that we have an overly complicated  inefficient health care system  insurers pay different prices for…
never again
today marks the 8th anniversary of the catastrophic 2010 earthquake that killed over 200 000 people & devastated th…
i sent a letter to  thejusticedept ag jeff sessions urging him to continue the legal orientation program  this impo…
let s give hate an expiration date  there will be an impeachment vote before christmas  repeal and replace trump
san diego is a proud military town that would welcome  usarmy futures command  our top innovation ecosystem can off…
g o p t a x scam is failing  there s no new investment  no supercharged economic growth  instead  the money is flowing b…
i posted a new photo to facebook
i am excited to announce that philadelphia will host the 2016 democratic national convention 
i am extremely disappointed that bethany kozma  who has a long history of undermining the rights of transgender ame…
thinking of all my colleagues  the other passengers  and everyone involved in today s tragic train accident in virg…
the decision to add a citizenship question to the 2020 census will have long-lasting consequences for cities & stat…
rt  reptimwalz  2 million people will have their access to food threatened if the  housegop passes their hyper-partisan farm bill  that s…
rt  nydiavelazquez    realdonaldtrump  our fellow americans  lives are on the line  puerto rico must receive every resource it needs to con…
breaking   repannwagner and my bill to provide justice for victims of human trafficking is now law  get more info …
net neutrality is at the core of what we love about the internet  we must protect it 
the stranglehold of the gun lobby has gone on long enough  they have divided our country and washed their hands of…
this merger will mean this sort of propaganda will reach 72 percent of american households 
rt  sominnesota  next up   usrepricknolan s office to discuss  specialolympics  critical work in health  education and sports with staffer…
brilliant minds at work on our  usnavy submarines at  uconn  professor rich christenson and his grad students are d…
facts about the trump shutdown  -it didn t have to happen -republicans had months to avert it -americans deserve better
thrilled for carlos  one of our central coast residents representing santa maria in the olympics  rooting for you 
yesterday i had a productive meeting with members of the i-69 delegation and texas transportation commissioner  jef…
the rules committee is meeting right now on the continuing resolution to fund the government  discussing the need t…
proud to introduce the keep your home act with  repmaxinewaters to help struggling homeowners keep the homes they v…
the 2018 congressional art competition is underway  please join us tomorrow as we announce the winning artist and o…
rt  wsmv  an overflow shelter is open tonight at hadley park community center on 28th ave n  if you know someone in need  here s a rundown…
looking forward to joining y all on thursday  tune in to  thedailyshow  trevornoah at 10 00pmct/11 00pmet 
rt  drewpetrimoulx   it will ensure that generations of americans and people around the world will see what went on in those terrible  60s …
rt  mclyburnfcc  enjoyed connecting w/  repannaeshoo at the  verizonpolicy women s leadership event  empower women womens history month wom…
mr trump - i don t they would agree with your assessment that kim jung un is  very honorable 
allegations against  usa_taekwondo  teamusa are further proof the olympics community willingly sacrifices athletes …
tillerson s tenure was obviously unsuccessful  he was undermined at every turn by the wh  failed to achieve results…
rt  votevets  trump s hiringfreeze continues to hurt veterans  under his leadership the va backlog grows 
with the u s  attack submarine fleet expected to shrink by 20% over the next decade as older boats are decommission…
rt  jacksonleetx18  and disliking an international agreement simply because it was negotiated during the administration of president barack…
happy 70th independence day to israel  our nation s friend and ally  israel70
my thoughts & prayers go out to  stevescalise  capitolpolice & others involved in this mornings incident  thinking of you & your families
 by publicly hailing mr  arpaio  the vice president ignored the former sheriff s long record of lawlessness and bla…
the loss of life in gaza is horrifying and a tragic culmination of months of tension and decades of conflict 
thanks for the tour and update on all of the important work you do 
hay muchas personas q quieren ayudar a pr y que trabajaron para lograr la aprobación de promesa  por lo q cuentan con mi profunda gratitud 
i d like to wish a blessed ramadan to the muslims in  ca17   our country  and across the world  tonight s crescent m…
happy national ag day  thanks to all the farmers  ranchers  and producers who are the backbone of our nation s agric…
   mientras convertía el proyecto en ley y fueron honrados en una ceremonia en el capitolio federal que nunca olvidaré 
congratulations to my colleague  my congressional classmate  & friend   repmarcykaptur  who will soon become the lo…
thirty years ago  i was elected to fight for and to serve the people of my district  today  they are calling and be…
my thoughts are with all those injured today in charlottesville 
a bipartisan group of 6 former  uscensusbureau directors warned against including a citizenship question on the 202…
rt  reptedlieu  grateful to partner w/  repschneider to introduce the global engagement center authorities act to strengthen  statedept glo…
rt  johnhendel  here s what  repmcnerney would have said at today s fcc meeting were he authorized to speak
my staff is hosting a mobile office in tuba city today  stop by to talk to a caseworker about federal programs and…
this is great news for our country  dreamers deserve to stay  a vast majority of americans agree  & now two courts…
rt  hispaniccaucus    speakerryan  let s stop horsing around and get to work on passing a bill that gives dreamers a path to citizenship…
not all porn involves humans 
don t forget  tomorrow is the deadline to file your taxes  visit for last minute tips and…
we continue to work to save our sound  because puget sound is a national treasure deserving of national recognition…
there is no silver bullet to address the opioid crisis  but these funds and resources are a boost from the federal…
 scottezorn1  jamesmartinsj  ussoccer_mnt i appreciate you overlooked my  original sin  scott  fwiw i m disappointe…
for all that you do  happy mother s day 
the trump administration is inviting the fox to take charge of the henhouse  aspiring college students and their pa…
rt  oversightdems    repcummings  the government is not a business  the government s purpose is to promote the interests of the american p…
rt  repcarbajal  being american is about more than a piece of paper  what matters are your hopes  dreams  and a belief in a better tomorrow…
holding hostage the future of hundreds of thousands of young individuals is incomprehensibly cruel & strikes at the…
rt  housebluedogs  last night  president trump called for both parties to come together on several key issues  we hope those calls for bipa…
congratulations  senduckworth and best to the whole family 
thank you and it was a pleasure to speak with  torizander 
rt  oversightdems  breaking  top dems ask gowdy to subpoena doj and dhs for documents regarding violations of whistleblower protection law…
we must improve communication within the va so that failures in care can be identified & addressed immediately  i v…
this is heartbreaking  my thoughts and prayers are with the pilot s loved ones and the entire  nellisafb &…
somewhere putin is laughing at us as speaker ryan and devin nunes receive a slap on the back and a  job well done …
we are entering uncharted waters of corruption  this week i again demanded  housegop release trump s tax returns  a…
today  i met with several de student activists for gun safety  for these students  the victims of the parkland sho…
chag urim sameach  happy hanukkah to all those celebrating tonight  may love and light fill your home this hanukkah 
team dutch s walt met w/  hopkinsmedicine professors  drdeidracrews  dnr_robinson   students  fm_wasrame…
this may  national foster care month celebrates families who offer children and youth in foster care permanent home…
based on yesterday s trump budget  the  king of debt  wants to compound the damage of the g o p tax scam by adding  7…
this is our 10th lawsuit against  epascottpruitt  we have not lost one case  so when people may have to decide betw…
with the president s signature  our bill to help veterans with  other-than-honorable  discharges get mental health…
for generations  keeping the navy at sea has been what we do  today i spoke with the puget sound ship repair associ…
thank you tampa neighbors for joining me me at historic port tampa city library for my one-on-one session  i enjoy…
breaking  republicans in the house of representatives passed a tax scheme that grows the national debt by over  1 5…
rt  repjohnyarmuth  stunning admission from  secpricemd  gop repeal would take us back to the days before aca  when insurance companies dec…
rt  repcohen  jeff sessions has said good people dont use marijuana but wouldnt say  johnkasich  governorpataki  ricksantorum  newtgingric…
wh says chad has  improved its identity-management and information sharing practices  so it can be taken off the ba…
proud to work w/ senbillnelson   senrubiopress & other fl members to call on congress to fund 500 new  cbp officers…
this is why sinclair matters to la  they will own  ktla if this merger goes through    
 repespaillat leads nyc democratic congressional delegation in opposition to  hudgov secretary ben carson proposed…
rt  nsc44  after the  g7   potus will make the first visit of a sitting us president to hiroshima   rhodes44 explains why 
rt  tampafamhealth  today tfhc was honored to support  usrepkcastor at the vietnam war veterans 50th commemoration  we are thankful for the…
couldn t agree more 
thank you  govmurphy and  newjerseyag for standing up to  potus politicization of the 2020census  this is an blata…
rt  usgsvolcanoes  tina neal  scientist-in-charge of the usgs-hvo  talks about the fissures that opened within the leilani estates subdivis…
50 years after death of dr  martin luther king jr   thankful for his legacy and lifelong commitment to freedom
icymi  on monday  trump decided to not sanction russia against a nearly unanimous vote to do so in congress and tod…
as the lead democrat on the aviation subcommittee  i have worked hard with my colleagues on a long-term faa reautho…
rt  oceanleadership  ty  repraskin for championing mentoring as a way to support educational achievement by cosponsoring h res683 to make…
rt  ncbio   ncbio b i o fly in team meets with  gkbutterfield to talk about life science issues 
rt  joannesimonbk52    nypdnews  fdny  bettylittle & more join me today   1pm to call for gender neutral bill for police officers & firefig…
meet mr  albert manero  founder of limitless solutions and ph d  candidate in mechanical engineering at the   
rt  lcvoters    usrepkcastor asks polluting pruitt   why are corporate polluter profits more important to you than the health of children  …
tax cuts don t pay for themselves  so how does the gop want to pay for the g o p tax scam  with harmful cuts to  snap… 
today  high school students across the country took a stand to demand action on gun violence  it is time for congre…
funny that president trump is so quick to criticize an american citizen like gov  jerry brown  yet he s silent on r…
i just published  protecting media independence w  special guest michael krasny 
tune in  i will be announcing a lawsuit against a california healthcare entity at 11am 🔜
good visit with  stevekling  dripping springs vet & able dem nominee for tx sd25  thanks  steve for your commitment…
i was honored to receive the humane advocate award from the  humanesociety last week for receiving a 100% score on…
arriving to present  sacramentokings nba all-star bid 
 a u s  military attack against syria will expand and escalate this war  increasing their suffering and causing mor…
rt  nyjusticeleague  many thanks to  cbrangel for joining justice now for the 2nd day    firepantaleo 
events like this seder and the tireless work of activists and organizations like  mazonusa bring us closer to endin…
rt  housejuddems  🚨breaking   repjerrynadler statement on  thejusticedept ig investigation of   fisa  abuse 
i am grateful that the u s  house of representatives has decided to implement mandatory anti-harassment & anti-disc…
the country   how can we take guns out of schools   trump   add more guns and not make it any harder for people t…
our communities thrive when folks lend a helping hand  this national volunteer week  we thank the coloradans and peo…
when you are in like flynn  you can take a lot of people out  another step closer to impeachment mr  president  repeal and replace trump
former epa chief whitman is right -  epascottpruitt s work at the  epa is threatening our environment  and public h…
rt  lauriemacph  great discussion and many questions & comments for  sda_dmv and  gerryconnolly regarding gun reform now town hall for our live…
my  oh my  it s opening day let s go   mariners 
today i join the  judsoncollege community in mourning the passing of dr  david potts  i had the great privilege of…
time for infrastructure
today marks the 8th anniversary of the  aca  being signed into law  while i am proud to have been one of its early s…
the report is deeply concerning  members of both parties in congress must stand together and make it clear that any…
budgets are about priorities and choices  president trumps proposed budget would hurt working families and the vuln…
read my statement regarding the release of the comey memos here 
last month  repguthrie of kentucky and i introduced the comprehensive opioid recovery centers act this legislation…
a8  income inequality  and the lack of resources for proper medical care  can have negative effects on the health o…
watch  calling on congress to pass clean d r e a m act now to protect d r e a mers 
our c b c tech2020 roundtable at  merrittcollege is happening now  follow the link to watch it live 
rt  kylegriffin1  rep  jerry nadler  any move by trump against the mueller probe  would appear to be the actions of someone who knows he is…
i started off my morning with a very informative tour of the federal correctional institution in pekin where i lear…
the thoughtful questions at  msmacademy produced a respectful conversation on gun violence from several perspective…
rt  houseagdems  as budget committee chairman between 2012 and 2015  paul ryan proposed more than  686 billion in cuts to vital farm bill p…
good luck to our  nlvpd men and women in blue who are taking their promotion exam today 
congrats to  jamieasnow  another gold-winning olympic athlete with  vt  ties  and from my neck of the woods in hartl…
rt  deniselopezdiaz  we proclaimed the month of march done vida donating organs can save lives  thank you to our congresswomen  repbarraga…
58% of states are without non-discriminatory laws that protect  lgbtq  students  all students - regardless of who th…
it was good to get an update from the folks at the cordova food locker and see the wonderful job they re doing serv…
he said this from inside the safety of a gun-free zone 
rt  oversightdems  just in   repcummings presses gowdy to subpoena pentagon documents on hurricane response 
 espaillatny
 may their efforts these days guarantee that there are not winners and losers under new tax laws  but benefits bala…
uss colorado  the most modern and sophisticated attack submarine in the world  goes in to service today  this is th…
so proud to help cut the ribbon on  nextcorps today   roc 
great meeting with u s  ambassador to ecuador todd chapman to talk about our wonderful ecuadorian-american communi…
2/ it s political theater  it s reckless  and i ll have no part of it  i m not going to go along with cutting kids …
the new tariffs will bring disruption to the u s  economy  the tariffs will raise costs for some  disrupt supply c…
tax day takeaway you won t hear from  speakerryan  g o p tax scam has wealthy shareholders celebrating their massive t…
standing with  alzassociation advocates in push to end alz 
trump s personal lawyer got  -  1 2 million from a swiss pharmaceutical -  200 000 from a telecomm giant -  500 0…
rt  jojmeyer  i had the pleasure this week of moderating this discussion with  repbrochester and  repwalberg about their bill aimed at crea…
rt  ifc  this month we salute the women who helped lead the civil rights movement  black history month with  repyvetteclarke   repkarenbass…
rt  officialcbc  on thursday   reprobinkelly &  repbonnie  2 of the 3  cbwgcaucus co-chairs  spoke at a  blkwomenshealth briefing about the…
conservatives only want to conserve when democrats are in power  otherwise they wouldn t have borrowed  1 5 trillio…
fattah neuroscience / leadership via  youtube
 cindkra apologies  information on the hours was in the weekly paper  we will be back soon  but you can always cont…
great seeing all candidates at the  atxdemveterans forum  our vets know we need to right the wrongs that we see to…
rt  radioboston  live now   repkclark joins us in studio  you can see her live on our facebook stream 
 hr5982  allows incoming cong to block rules from entire final year of outgoing prez by extending  cra   review process  from 60dys to 1yr  4/
looking forward to seeing everyone tomorrow night at  bnuppereast with  nelsondemille  big guns nelson de mille…
 cnr2016  includes detrimental changes to community eligibility provision  summer  ebt   meals verification process  & nutrition standards 
rt  reprokhanna  we can t let up the pressure on sensible gun violence until we get real change  let s pass  repcicilline s assault weapon…
the state of michigan should provide bottled water to flint families until every lead pipe is replaced  that s the…
rt  hfacdemocrats  rm  repeliotengel  more internal documents from the 1980s show that big oil and  shell have long understood the dangers…
it is our duty to recall the horrors of the holocaust  we must always remember the six million jews who were murder…
we need a national approach to gun safety  but we cannot wait to do what s right in delaware  that s why we are…
thank you  afsp_ga for helping raise awareness at our g a13 health fair  prevention is so important  stop suicide
republicans like to pretend they passed the g o p tax scam for the middle class  but the evidence is clear  the…
in a letter to  potus  rep  tulsi gabbard said   the people of syria want peace more than anything else in the worl…
our children deserve better than being gunned down in our classrooms and on our streets  countless forums on viol…
this womens history month i m honoring  taranaburke  founder of the me too movement and just be inc  we are so fortu…
so saddened to hear of the tragic passing of my friend eric coleman s nephew  another promising life taken too soon 
 amtrak s trans-hudson track connects not just ny & nj  but the entire region  because the gateway project is so im…
joining tenants lenox terrace to fight against luxury development  we need to preserve the spirit and culture of ha…
rt  esthernmnlim  rep  cbrangel on reuniting divided families 👏👏  cspanvl //www c-span org/video/ c4633272/rep-charles-rangel-reuniting-div…
engaging conversation with public administration students  setonhall on the importance of leadership in the workpla…
polluting pruitt s time at the  epa has been mired w/ secrecy  waste of taxpayer money  & widespread conflicts of i…
our simplest job in congress is to keep american families safe  a long-term budget deal must consider what kind of…
today  i m celebrating the amazing women in my life & around the world  women have always been at the forefront of…
dangerous thunderstorms  including tornadoes  are possible in the central florida area today  please stay  weather…
it s just another example of trump siding with corporate special interests over hardworking americans  clearly  we…
this stroke awareness month  learn the myths and facts regarding heart disease  read more 
met sfc cota-valdez and sfc lewis   usarmy recruiters in poway to hear about their community outreach efforts  we a…
thinking of all the students teachers parents first responders affected by the terrifying situation at sal castro m…
the trump administration has sided with big corporations over the american people and moved to end net neutrality …
ramadan kareem  wishing muslims throughout philadelphia and delaware county a blessed holy month of ramadan 
the  dhsgov decision to end  tps  for 90 000 hondurans is heartless and cruel and will put these legal immigrants wi…
let us do our job   speakerryan  hundreds of thousands of young people hang in the balance 
one year later  i remember  paris se souvient never forget 13 novembre2015
rt  alliedprogress  mulvaney tells  repgregorymeeks he has  two full-time jobs  -- omb and cfpb  truthfully  he s far more passionate about…
join me   ristatepolice cyber crimes unit  ri cybersecurity officer mike steinmetz &  aarpri on april 30th for a c…
unfortunately  sal later received tests that his cancer had returned  it was a very stressful time for sal and his finances 
we cannot compromise on net neutrality  the internet belongs to the people  not to a handful of corporations like c…
this is a dark hour for america 
a special thank you to the students of toney elementary school and the brothers of omega psi phi for having me as a…
happy national nurses week to these amazing healthcare professionals that fulfill so many different roles  to the…
happy small business week  did you know more than half of all granite staters are employed by small businesses …
rt  reprobinkelly  russia attacked our 2016 election to help  realdonaldtrump become president  why is the trump administration hiding doc…
my office is always happy to help when we can  thanks for stopping by our office and keep in touch 
thank you to  mattmeyerde for helping us kick off our town hall this morning  town hall for our lives
as the winter olympics begin in pyeongchang2018  i want to give a shout out to my constituent   govincentzhou  a w…
happening now  gun violence & school safety town hall meeting 
the buying & selling of bitcoins & other cryptocurrencies are no different  which is why the cmte should issue for…
i recently strapped on my combat boots & set off for bears ears  where tribal leaders showed me the beauty & histor…
since 2008  republicans have blocked or filibustered the passage of the paycheck fairness act 18 times  why are rep…
did you know that a black woman in louisiana will have work until she is 104 years old to earn what a man will earn…
thank you  judge real  for this sound ruling in support of our police and against trump s cruel immigration policie…
wow  are the students are the students in  harborfieldscsd s ap united states government and politics class engaged…
happy father s day  ignacio  bittersweet holiday for my family as my dad has battled  alz  for the last 20 years
must know facts about the trump shutdown  -it didn t have to happen -republicans had months to avert it -americans deserve better
i posted a new photo to facebook
watch my statement on the house floor today 
thanks  peeterscsv for reaching out  i agree – h r  2 completely fails america s families and farmers  i will absol…
 investing now in [climate damage] mitigation and prevention will serve us far better  and at much lower cost  than…
this is what democracy looks like  proud that  wa  is taking steps to get dark money out of politics and make it eas…
tragic and horrifying news out of florida  we can t keep accepting this as normal  my thoughts are with the victims…
 trump wants to make wall street great again  
   secretaryzinke and his corrupt company of polluters continue to put communities at greater risk by trying to rol…
you ll be in good hands 
rt  oversightdems  happening now  all oversight democrats urge gowdy to subpoena documents on census bureau s concerns about citizenship qu…
join me   senmarkey & our colleagues from both chambers today at 11 30a for a press conference  watch live on…
rushing impeachment resolution to floor abandons regular order  deprives the commissioner of due process & sets a dangerous precedent  5/
proud to sport my  f  rating from the  nra
rt  krobud  many thanks to  repbrochester for visiting with  udceoe wind experts and students this week 
thank you  sarahbratko  dale venturini  and all the members of  rihospitality  restaurantsact for coming in to prov…
after the schoolshooting in parkland  the nra deleted their retweet  now  radio silence   housegop needs to stop w…
i taught 16 and 17 year old students in high school  and am greatly concerned by  realdonaldtrump s plan to roll ba…
like ensuring our heroes  benefits keep pace with the rising cost of living and putting more dollars in the hands o…
thank you ankit  iris  and allegra and  march4livesnyc for your hard work in fighting to end gun violence  your dete…
i m looking forward to the cyber security roundtable discussion this morning  unomaha with community leaders and cy…
on this important historical and spiritual day  i want to extend the hand of friendship to our sikh brothers and si…
i joined two amicus briefs in support of our  lgbtq  community in the cases horton v  midwest geriatric & telescope…
rt  aiaspeaks   repmikehonda we need to talk about innovation and education in forgotten areas of the country  n a dworkforce  aiaa
looking forward to seeing the details of this infrastructure plan   realdonaldtrump  let s find some common ground…
the entire island of puerto rico is without power  again  this is a tragedy and a shame  the total failure of the r…
rt  naacp  pardon of arpaio is explicit embrace of the racist policing practices that leave communities fearful of very ppl who should prot…
hope to see you on january 25th at my next veterans town hall  i look forward to hearing from you and discussing th…
rt  sunvalleybranch  happening now  every 4th thursday of the month from 3-5 pm a representative from the office of  repcardenas will be at…
   but republican leadership has prevented these bills from even coming to the house floor for a vote  in this sess…
already a cosponsor  sarahtalkradio thank you for your input  united we stand
it s national ag day  oregon is home to more than 34 000 farms  producing more than 200 types of crops  today is a…
donald trump s comments about haitian & african immigrants were extremely offensive  they have no place in the whit…
congratulations  repbarbaralee  i m proud to serve with such a strong champion of women s health and reproductive r…
celebrating the legacy of my sister   cecilerichards  cheers to your incredible 12 years of service  ppfa 🙏🏾✨
yesterday  i attended the 148th annual commencement at hampton university this morning  pictured with hu president…
thank you  officialcbc for hosting a twitter town hall tomorrow on community policing & police accountability  this…
great talking with stayton area rotary today  congrats on the successful ducky derby to raise money for local scout…
  usdot estimates our nation needs to invest a minimum of  22 billion a year just on maintenance & future transit ridership growth  /3
i introduced the taxpayers dime act with  repschrader  our bill would increase oversight and promote transparency o…
today  i proudly joined my colleagues on the   usrepmikedoyle resolution for net neutrality the stakes are too high…
la renovación de daca sigue disponible  su tu estatus se venció el 5 de septiembre de 2016 o después  las solicitud…
rt  jumpstart_dc  tonight we honor  repbeatty for leadership in financial literacy congratulations  thank you for h…
rt  insideepa   we can  we must do better than this  says  reppaultonko  who says there is a  moral obligation  to require scott pruitt to…
a6  i am also proud to be the author of the path workforce integration act  which would help create a place in amer…
i m proud to co-sponsor  repbeatty s resolution recognizing april as financial literacy month  financial literacy pr…
great questions at  hudsonguild today  wonderful to see so many engaged west siders   nyc 
rt  repmaloney  it was awkward 
rt  spectacularmag  today at noon  congressman  gkbutterfield  nc-01  will recognize  nccu on the floor of the  ushouseofreps  remarks will…
when it comes to infrastructure  we must provide funding for rural broadband  infrastructuremeansinternet sotu
enjoyed our convo today on the future of education and meaningful investments in our children 
rt  repmcgovern  america is the richest country in the world  but our fellow citizens in flint are still forced to wait in water lines tha…
today is the 82nd anniversary of social security  my bill protects and expands benefits for future generations https //t co/eqroblkart
rt  repteddeutch  bus raids are happening across the country  with a 100-mile border zone  u s  cbp has jurisdiction over huge cities and e…
now  the  housegop is pushing a constitutional amendment that will strip funds away from seniors and working families
so proud of all the collaboration on the continental divide recreation  wilderness  and camp hale act  we must pro…
rt  nancypelosi  moms dont need to see their children go without the nutritious food that helps them to grow strong – but under the g o p farm…
congress has a constitutional responsibility to hold the executive branch accountable  and tonight s  nytimes repor…
our march continues  there is great work still to be done  dedicate yourself to nonviolent social change  and we shall overcome  selma52
last evening  i joined fellow  usjapancaucus co-chair  davereichert and  japanembdc in welcoming ambassador shinsuk…
captain hudner later served as commissioner for the massachusetts department of veterans  services after retiring f…
thanks  nyspeakercojo &  cmlauriecumbo for this groundbreaking legislation  which would provide important supports…
proud to announce  12 m in grant awards for organizations in  roc  with a proven track record of fighting homelessne…
joined  repespaillat  nydiavelazquez  repgutierrez  repdarrensoto to speak on the disaster relief efforts for…
great news from  mar_ex on our beloved  portofbalt  domino effect on entire region  md02  record-breaking performanc…
the  uscbo &  jctgov estimate that growth from  realdonaldtrump s tax scam will be less than 1%  today  i asked ch…
team peters joined  sdschools to recognize georganne  sarah  and lynsey-- san diego teachers who were recognized as…
during asian pacific american heritage month we pay tribute to the rich histories  cultures & contributions  aapi  c…
rt  transportdems  watch rm  reppeterdefazio s statement at today s hearing on the importance of funding the coast guard 
 whoisgarylee thank you gary for speaking up and standing strong  indeed   what a beautiful  incredible nation of i…
rt  cnntonight  the state of the union  trump and race   donlemon hosts a special conversation tonight with congressional black caucus memb…
rt  governormapp  back on capitol hill this morning with rep   staceyplaskett discussing usvi recovery needs with bipartisan leadership of…
thank you to the thousands of washingtonians who spoke out against  interior s outrageous proposal to double entran…
fully support an immediate ethics investigation into allegations of sexual harassment against rep  conyers  don t c…
let s keep it up   umichbball  go blue
so proud of  jca_mn and  cairmn for building bridges where others would build walls  thanks for stopping by mayor…
my campaign has submitted enough signatures to qualify for the ballot  thanks to everyone who signed and thanks to…
rt  kelliemeyernews  60 million american s- that s how many people  repcheri says are impacted by forced arbitration agreements in their em…
rt  theview   thoughts and prayers aren t doing it    repjoekennedy on holding congress accountable for gun control reform in wake of shoot…
on tax day2018  we know the truth – the g o p tax scam was *not* designed for working families  is *not* fair to nj fa…
we can t afford to let the nation s infrastructure crumble further into disrepair if the united states is going to…
i was pleased to deliver the keynote address at the job corps leadership summit yesterday 
rt  scottwongdc  congressional asian pacific american caucus chair  repjudychu slams w v  gop senate hopeful  donblankenship for engaging i…
if anyone doubts the impact young americans are making  check out this  foxnews poll  time for  gop  leaders to let…
trump s travel ban is an affront to american principles  it does little to protect our national or domestic securit…
rt  emorwee  hey  check out this totally normal thing i found
hope to see you at crenshaw high this morning for my tax resource fair  more info here 
join me this saturday for a special veterans day town hall 
brain science & health   important priority going forward   1 billion worldwide suffering from a brain illness 
earth day is a reminder that we all must do our part to protect the environment  whether it is taking mass transit…
over the last year  too many senior admin officials abused government and military air travel and cost the american…
this morning  i attended a  hfacdemocrats hearing on proposed export reforms that would protect the innovative tech…
no  mr  president it s worse than that  the country s top elected leader has agreed to selectively and misleadingly…
retirement security is an american value we must protect   housegop has allowed big corporations to chip away at wo…
just look what happened to families in wisconsin when  govwalker signed his work requirements into law  ⬇️
rt  housedemocrats   sotu  fact-check  the g o p tax scam gives permanent tax cuts for corporations  but only temporary relief for middle class…
rt  edworkforcedems  📺  happeningnow  watch ranking member  bobbyscott   keithellison   repmarktakano  and  repbonamici hold forum on admini…
today  i announced the recent reauthorization of  chip  with mayor pete saenz   laredo health department officials d…
rt  rebekahgewirtz  two more hours before the polls close at 8pm  vote capuano      masen
rt  kamalaharris  this is not a drill the fcc just announced net neutrality ends on june 11 unless we stop it retweet to…
rt  hispaniccaucus  trump & republicans helping hispanics  ❌ terminated  daca  ❌ abandoned hispanic outreach for  aca  ❌ passed tax scam ❌ e…
rt  seasidelemans  thanks to  usrepkeating for starting off today s race grandmarshal seasidelemans capecod racing fundraiser
 staradvertiser had a great article about rimpac and some of china s latest acts in the south china sea 
very glad that the trump administration has implemented obama-era  aca  menu labeling guidelines  now consumers can…
today i met with the american legion department of oregon to talk about policies that support and protect oregon s…
reminder californians  the deadline for signing up for health insurance through  coveredca is this wednesday  janua…
wonderful meeting with these inspiring young women  thanks to  girlsincsb for setting teen girls up for success 
rt  natlparkservice  it s national park week  the theme for 2018 is  park stars   celebrating everything from starry skies to superstar vol…
and the luck of the irish to you 
i had the honor of presenting former petty officer first class johnnie johnson of salinas with his vietnam service…
when women earn less than they should  families fall behind  on equal pay day  congress should commit to giving work…
rt  hrc   cbrangel congrats on 100% on  hrc s congressional scorecard for supporting  lgbtq  equality  h r c scorecard
stressed need for robust federal funding for higher education at association of independent colleges lunch  monmouthu 
our thoughts and prayers are with those injured in the recent accident involving the train carrying our republican…
another  swing and a miss  against special counsel robert mueller by former trump campaign chairman paul manafort …
to all of those celebrating around the world tonight -- chag sameach 
rt  npscoalition  don t miss this house briefing on may 17th  2pm with  poctweets  repdannydavis
let s heed the lessons of the last 16 years  we can do better than an aumf that codifies and expands our existing…
carne seca is a tasty new mexican tradition  one that  newmexicobeefjerkey has specialized in for over 38 years …
rt  ucityschools  congratulations ashlynn    we are so proud of you  ucityschools  u c lion pride u c learns u c learning reimagined  ucitylear…
tax day just got worse  because of the g o p tax bill  13 million more americans will no longer have health insurance 
rt  downeyunified  congratulations to  downeyhigh s andres flores for winning second place in the  reproybalallard art competition  downe…
rt  nmaahc  the museum is open wednesday  march 21  from 10am to 5 30pm  timed entry passes will not be required for visitors today  ☃️ ou…
call in now  join me for a telephone town hall  dial 1-877-229-8493 use pin  13402  hear updates on my work in cong…
usarmy staff sergeant justin peck  a bronze star isn t enough for the bravery you showed  you are a true hero 
rt  repswalwell  flashback friday to 1971  when 18 y/os got the right to vote  young people have shaped the nation since  let s keep that g…
america has put off investing in our infrastructure for too long  it s time to build
rt  americanlegion  natl cmdr praises bill to provide overdue benefits to atom veterans   senfranken  senthomtill…
  fosterforward &  cfri1834 provide vital support services to fosteryouth & families in ri  & it was great to get…
kudos to baltimore city  fight big money by the people
rt  raiseupmo   everybody knows that things like the cost of food  housing  shelter  transportation  the basic necessities we all have in o…
updated c b o score finds wisconsinites w  pre-existing conditions would have difficulty purchasing health insurance & if the do will pay more
important work being done every day  familyresinc – sheltering kids from the storm   fbf 
rosalinda de leon from monte alto  tx expressed during the 2016 hestec latina day how literature has made a major   
ho omaika i to the winners of our 2018 congressional art competition  -1st  rosa kirgis  leilehua high school -2…
january 26  2018 – dearborn high school  dearborn  michigan photo  dearborn schools 13/19
i want to join the bipartisan climate solutions caucus  but the caucus says i need a republican member to join with…
  senatorbooker   senatormenendez and i have a new op-ed on our anti-opioid legislation which would take the altern…
rt  agschneiderman  i need your help to fight the opioid crisis in new york  here s how  check your medicine cabinet  identify any unus…
on nov 4  2008  barack obama was elected the 44th president of the united states   potus white house
thinking of the  amtrak  crash one year later  my thoughts are with the families of those lost  the injured  and our brave first responders 
 housejuddems rms  bobbyscott &  repjerrynadler released  usgao report proving students of color suffer harsher dis…
rt  davidbegnaud  update  the puerto rico electric power authority says the 230kv line 50700  which runs from the aguirre complex in in sal…
here s my call for a full debate in congress re  use of american military force against  isis 
shocked and dismayed by the lethal force used by israeli troops against mostly unarmed protestors demonstrating at…
stephen hawking brought physics into the homes of people around the world and inspired us to think about our univer…
the deadline for high school students to submit their pieces for the congressional art competition is april 25  the…
rt  nestormendezoas  addressing  oas_official member states at mtg under theme  remember slavery  triumphs and struggles for freedom and eq…
the time for equalpay is now  i won t stop fighting until we ensure that every woman receives the wages she s earn…
rt  lcvoters   senmarkey and  repmikehonda want to educate youth on climate change
rt  hispaniccaucus  trump & republicans helping hispanics  ❌ terminated  daca  ❌ abandoned hispanic outreach for  aca  ❌ passed tax scam ❌ e…
representatives of the women s mining coalition visited my office today  we discussed mining issues and their impor…
let s go   fsuhoops  sweet sixteen march madness go noles
team peters joined point loma association at their annual community event to share the services our office offers t…
don t call it a blimp  new  goodyear zeppelin takes off this summer 
 repcummings quoting  mlk  jr   there comes a time when silence is betrayal   we can t be silent on this 2020 census…
glad to be a part of the  apta_transit legislative conference  one of the best ways to reduce carbon emissions  inc…
the administration s decision to separate children and families at the boarder is disturbing and outrageous  it ref…
get covered at before time runs out 
always an honor talking with my constituents about the work i m doing back in dc  thanks to all in salem who came o…
the decision to rescind daca - profoundly harming almost 700 000 people  their families  communities  and our state…
rt  destatechamber  here w  usglc  chriscoons  repbrochester  usaidmarkgreen for a discussion on america s role in the world &  de  usglc d e…
the g o p tax scam doles out large tax cuts for corporations while ripping a massive hole in our federal deficit  cong…
congratulations to ledyard highschool on advancing to the 21st annual national ocean sciences bowl this year  grea…
rt  kimberlykerrtv  young professionals and millennials are talking about their issues over coffee with congressman  donaldnorcross  detail…
what a joy to be interviewed by teen press and celebrate 40 years of sb middle school  thanks for all you do for ou…
rt  waysmeanscmte  workers  wages have stagnated  but gas and prescription drug prices continue to increase  without resources to cope with…
vote on the tax bill soon  i ll be voting no because this bill hurts the people we should be helping - the middle c…
rt  repespaillat  our voices deserve to be heard and our communities deserve to be counted  citizenship question on 2020 census is simply a…
how do you think  potus should honor our service members and our veterans  i have a few ideas but i want to hear from you  p a r a d e act
expanding the definition of  public charge  to discriminate & hurt immigrant families runs counter to american idea…
thank you charles mack and northridge elementary schools for a great read across america day 
congratulations to norwood high school student mya tomlinson on winning this year s congressional art competition i…
  nancypelosi  i stand with  repwilson in the fight to bring back our girls 
must read  7 gutsy women to know for international women s day international womens days
 the largest nih funding commitment in two decades aimed at reducing gun deaths  the second leading cause of fatali…
rt  repterrisewell  need more evidence that the g o p tax scam is about giving the rich a tax cut  because republicans are serving it up on a…
strong car fuel efficiency standards save money & create jobs while protecting the environment  rolling back fuel e…
i m introducing legislation w/  sensanders to hold big pharma accountable for their lies  deceit & illegal marketin…
it s time for  speakerryan to finally hold the classified briefing members need on the steps being taken to…
i look forward to seeing everyone tomorrow at the seminole county courthouse for the hydrilla town hall 
proud of the national guard and 1lt lilly for this accomplishment   rltw 
about to depart on a helicopter tour of eastern puerto rico where some of the most extensive damage took place and…
rt  wforcesnohomish  everett s sea-lect embraces apprenticeships to grow workforce  training programs provide experience and pay for studen…
wealthy and powerful internet service providers successfully repealed net neutrality and took control over the inte…
4  dhsoig letter also says they found  2   customsborder followed court orders at ports of entry and didn t engage…
what does the g o p tax scam  trump budget  and the so-called p r o s p e r act have in common  they favor corporate profits…
rt  oversightdems  just in  top dems request hearings on trump administration s extravagant air travel
my townhall meeting is starting soon  i ll be at the scituate senior center from 6p m  to 8p m  if you can t make…
discussing nafta and benefits of free trade with constituents  vw in herndon  found my first car too 
rt  repdwightevans  check out my op-ed w/  phillytrib that addresses why i think the budget that was recently passed in congress is  in fac…
thank you to everyone who came out today to help me ring the korean friendship bell and mark this historic moment …
rt  hillsboroughsch  hcps students and principals had a great discussion on school security and safety with  senbillnelson &  usrepkcastor…
i had a great afternoon at the western district library in orion  during my visit i was able to donate my 1 450th b…
felt quite at home at the congressional summit on  lgbt  entrepreneurship  stomping out discrimination strengthens t…
my prayers are with the families of those lost and injured in this tragic accident  i thank all those who rushed t…
i celebrate international womens day by recognizing all the powerful women at home & around globe  you inspire me ev…
happy st patricks day wishing you all a fun and safe celebration 
the fy18 omnibus included  190m for a new federal courthouse in fort lauderdale  i have been working with my browar…
 repkihuen i m with you  the moment for silence has long passed  the moment to scream and protest is here  it s time t…
thank you to all the young artists from  ca17  who submitted entries for this year s congressional art competition …
congratulations to our great state of  california  now the fifth largest economy in the world 
rt  nydiavelazquez  proud to showcase my f rating from the nra tonight on the house floor  thanks for the pin  repjohnyarmuth end gun violen…
hawaii was the 1st state in the us to set a 100% clean energy goal by 2045  rep  tulsi gabbard intro d the o f f act…
 icymi   reps  tulsi gabbard   rephanabusa honor senator daniel k  akaka on house floor
today  we mourn for the 1 5 mil armenian men  women and children who were brutally and systemically murdered during the armenian genocide 
today on the floor  the house of representatives will consider six bills 
rt  momsaction   simply put  poor air quality has created a public health crisis that shows no signs of slowing down   - repbarragan
rt  wbfo  mobile veggie vans to reach underserved   ubsphhp veggies
rt  garywhite13  signed by  repdennisross &  repdarrensoto but not  tomrooney 
friday is the deadline to apply for our summer internship program  here are two lipscomb students sharing their exp…
i introduced the fairness for rural veterans act to ensure that vets in rural areas receive the same support as vet…
i am sending  flotus well wishes for a speedy recovery after her procedure 
shocked by fr  conroy s impending departure as house chaplain  especially given reports he may have been forced out…
rt  migrantfreedom  a key step toward ending immigration detention is to stop it from expanding  this proposed measure would do just that …
today the house small brewers caucus reached a milestone - we surpassed 200 members  cheers to the most bipartisan…
rt  reptimryan  today i joined w/ my colleagues  repmarcykaptur   repmarciafudge  &  repbeatty to make clear that ohioans lose if  realdona…
alrededor de las 3pm se reanuda la discusión de las enmiendas tras lo cual iniciará el debate general  el voto final será entre 5pm y 6pm 
our country needs a national day of reason to provide an inclusive alternative for humanists  atheists  nonreligiou…
 hr2266  also contains much needed economic aid to those who were harmed by recent hurricanes and wildfires and provides critical   
donald trump taking credit for economic conditions he didn t create brings a whole new meaning to the phrase  alternative facts  
always glad to spend time with young people participating in youthbuild lake county  today s omnibus bill included…
wow- i don t think there could be a more blatant example of why we need to drain the swamp   
it s time to prioritize small  underserved & family farmers over big ag  for too long our food & farm policies have…
today is national prescription drug take back day  remember to do your part to help address our opioid epidemic and…
the golden gate audubon society held a  year of the bird  celebration in richmond to honor the centennial anniversa…
rt  housebluedogs  the blue dogs have advocated for decades that we must legally require that we balance our budget in a responsible way  b…
breaking news   scotus  struck down texas law that placed an unconstitutional burden on women s access to health care  whole womens health
the internet should be like an interstate highway with no tolls – open to everyone  no preferred access and no extr…
thank you  repstephmurphy for cosponsoring our d c statehood bill  face-to-face contact takes time  but it s paying…
rt  eqca  eqca is proud to endorse  juliabrownley26 for congressional district 26  c a primary
rt  repalgreen  congressional condemnation of racist bigotry is not enough  in congress  talk is cheap-it s how we vote that counts  next w…
need assistance with a federal agency  my staff will be holding office hours in your neighborhood today  stop by to…
day 27 of womens history month -  speakerryan  being a  speaker  means speaking up  but with millions of women subje…
congratulations  olivia 
like all the men and women who wear the badge in california  i took an oath to uphold the law  that means all of t…
under  realdonaldtrump & gop s sabotage  4 million fewer americans have access to health care and his own former ca…
we re kicking off our hearing on sexual harassment in the service industry  we ll hear from six witnesses today …
his words are just as true today   mlk 
thanks to  repdriscoll for his support of nazareth academy high school   naz_pandas  keep up the great work 
rt  daniellemeitiv  i ve got hope about what i see here  it s every one of u who are going to make things happen  2017townhall ourrepssho…
what we really need is a long-term budget that invests in programs that will help grow the economy  if we don t  we…
rt  houseadm_dems  addressing workplace safety and sexualharassment is a bipartisan issue  thank you to  greggharper  repzoelofgren  repra…
un honor ser parte de la colocación de la piedra para la construcción de nuevas oficinas centrales del fbi en san juan 
statement of danny k  davis on anti-semitism  follow up 
i am thrilled to announce fernanda silva mendoza of tucson high school as the winner of the 2018 congressional art…
there have been over 1 700 mass shootings since 2012  we must honor with action and pass strong  commonsense gun saf…
this ill-advised  public charge  proposal is intended to discourage hardworking people from seeking legal status an…
tax reform done right wouldn t eliminate state & local tax deduction that middle-class families depend on  non-starter for  ny04  
i believe it is time for congressman conyers to resign 
thx to  repadamschiff for an excellent briefing at the global institute  liupost today 
rt  oak_updates  thank you every kid outdoors cosponsors for your leadership in ensuring all kids and youth have opportunities to connect wi…
holocaust education is still deeply necessary to teach our children how hatred and indifference can lead to systema…
we cannot get distracted  stand with nancy & me to continue fighting to protect our care 
rt  facesofee   repcartwright your continued support for wap & energy star will help people w/ real energyefficiency jobs in all corners o…
6pm to 8pm tonight in winter park --&gt  are you or someone you know interested in attending a u s  service academy af…
rt  whiphoyer  i m w  gopleader &  staceyplaskett in  usvi  surveying damage & calling for relief for our fellow americans
still time to apply to veterans upward bound  provides assistance for college acceptance & completion  6/21 deadline
rt  savery131  buffalo s federal relicensing settlement with  nypaenergy is reaching it s halfway point   repbrianhiggins pushing for remai…
march is nat l kidney month  1 in 3 american adults is at risk for kidney disease  learn more about getting checked 
thanks to thomas william lyons for coming by on a b a day to talk about  lsctweets funding and student loan forgivene…
despite the odds against them  they persisted  by developing a method to purify lead-contaminated water in school d…
team clark wishes everyone celebrating ramadan a blessed month with friends and family 
rt  edworkforcedems   read  ranking member  bobbyscott s statement on the 8th anniversary of the upper big branch mine explosion 
no community is immune to the opioid crisis ravaging america s towns & threatening our families  i am here to be yo…
 jbendery  mepfuller that s easy  it s out  let s schedule a vote 
tomorrow   mercedmayor mike murphy will be holding merced s state of the city at 10 30am  if you can attend  this…
the health and safety of our children is paramount  we cannot let president  realdonaldtrump appoint industry stoog…
instead of stuffing the g o p tax scam with giveaways to billionaires and corporations  congress should have closed lo…
rt  nancypelosi  question  how long would it take you to fill your car s gas tank with a buck fifty a week from  speakerryan s g o p tax scam  htt…
as america celebrates national small business week  i want to say what a privilege it is to represent and fight for o…
 joshuamah  nra  nraila good luck 
rt  reptimwalz  instead of working together with democrats in good faith  house ag republicans are taking up their partisan farm bill  whic…
as ranking democrat on the appropritions subcommittee overseeing the  fcc   i will ask  ajitpaifcc directly about hi…
rt  usprogressives  who loves war  spreads anti-muslim hate  and probably couldn t negotiate a treaty for a schoolyard fight - let alone an…
 hr469  is a is a costly solution in search of a problem  i will vote n o & i urge my colleagues to do the same 
i m proud of texas  our history of responsible gun ownership & our requirements for a license to carry that seek to…
rt  facethenation  this morning   hurdonthehill and  reppeteaguilar join the program to weigh in on the immigration debate in washington  a…
this  carvana commercial scares the hell out of my 11 month-old  he screams every time he sees or hears it  but now…
yesterday  a federal judge ordered a nationwide injunction on  potus s cruel move to end the  daca  program – a vict…
rt  housedemocrats  fifty years after the loss of his mentor and friend  dr  martin luther king  jr    repjohnlewis reminds us that real pr…
rt  fla_pol  house defense bill advances with several provisions from stephanie murphy via  scottfist fla pol
thankfully  scotus  saw through texas  insidious smoke & mirrors attempt to take away a woman s right to make her own health care decisions 
wearing black in solidarity with me too and proud to have  jenna_dc as my  sotu  guest who is highlighting stories o…
rt  legalaidnyc  icymi  we joined  nydiavelazquez   repjeffries   repespaillat and others last week at city hall denouncing hud secretary b…
attention south bay dodgers fans  join me tomorrow at 12 45 at the south bay transit center to meet dodger legends…
proud to recognize the powerful women all around the world who lead movements and move mountains  we will not stop…
rt  freepress  today at noon  the voices for internet freedom coalition is hosting a hill briefing about how the  fcc s deregulatory and pr…
passing along this opinion piece about a recent house party i attended in hyde park  thanks for the great write-up 
open enrollment in health insurance marketplace starts 11/1  need help going through the process to get covered 
rt  eatthevotenow   people run for office and never get asked about hunger   we need to change that   repmcgovern is right as usual  voice…
it s clear  realdonaldtrump wants to fire mueller and/or rosenstein  we need to be prepared  let mueller work…
it s equal pay day – nationally  the average woman s wages are finally equal to what the average man earned last yea…
kids will naturally be curious about the exciting  gobrightline trains heading our way  please tell them to  never…
rt  housenewdems    normajtorres introduced the jobs act  which would authorize the sec  of labor to initiate pilot projects between local…
the practice of separating families at the border not only raises serious ethical and humanitarian questions  but a…
every day our government is shutdown over  1 billion is lost  our economy needs congress to work together and pass…
president trump s decision to  congratulate  president putin on russia s clearly illegitimate election further demo…
the american people have lost faith in polluting pruitt  i am supporting a resolution that calls for…
rep  tulsi gabbard is committed to leveling the playing field so that the voices of all americans are heard  by inc…
rt  njbiz   fda  commissioner   repjoshg meet on ways to help biopharma industry |  i am proud to have the fda commissioner here in north…
for years wall street and the think tanks they fund demanded we ignore the trade deficit  but is this a strategy or…
every marathon monday  i m amazed by the perseverance and strength displayed by all runners  and  this year there s…
i m doing everything i can to ensure the tax cut plan is put into action quickly to deliver real tax relief  includ…
the trump admin has emboldened anti-choice legislators all over the country - most recently with iowa s six week ba…
today  i announced a lawsuit against the largest hospital system in northern california  sutter health for its anti…
rt  abc  new  epa violated federal law in spending more than  43 000 to install a private phone booth in administrator scott pruitt s offic…
last call  today is the final day for new yorkers to sign up for comprehensive health care coverage under the  aca … 
including a citizenship question in the 2020 census only serves to suppress participation & will result in inaccura…
it boggles my mind that the trump administration would allow employers to pocket minimum wage workers  tips  yet a…
this weekend in fair lawn  i held my 22nd  cup of joe with josh   where i met with north jersey students and parent…
praying for  stevescalise & everyone affected by today s tragic events  thanks  capitolpolice for your dedication & service 
rt  repjohnyarmuth  government is about choosing  congressional republicans chose poorly 
happy birthday to my dear friend  hillaryclinton  who as flotus  senator & secretary  has worked tirelessly for ame…
rt  housesbcdems  in honor of national small business week  ranking member  nydiavelazquez traveled to  repdwightevans  district in philadel…
bring out your mitts  ca44   i will be hosting another play catch with your congresswoman this sunday  april 22nd fr…
climate change is making high-tide flooding worse along the east coast and gulf of mexico and will have long term i…
great news that connecticut joins the national popular vote agreement  fueling the movement to end the tyranny of t…
i hope congressional republicans are willing to work together to make our tax system simpler  more competitive  and fair for all 
rt  wolfforpa  domestic abusers are known to use firearms to threaten and claim the lives of their victims and others  we need to protect v…
ensuring the integrity and security of our nation s election systems is critical to protecting our democracy from h…
exciting news  couldn t be prouder to accept this award today with  rephultgren  these are the types of meat-and-po…
rt  repjoecrowley  on  iwd2018   as we celebrate the contributions of the brave women who ve demanded progress  let s seize this important m…
great veterans day in  ma09  - moving tributes in falmouth bourne & plymouth to veterans of all eras thank you vets
rt  repjohnlewis  50 years ago today  i learned the painful news that my friend  my mentor  dr  martin luther king  jr  had been assassinat…
on today s episode of the trump circus 
congresistas anuncian investigación bipartidista por demoras en trámites de reinscripción de  daca  - univision…
not only did  gop  try to repeal the  aca   they also spent the last year sabotaging the aca and jeopardizing coverag…
inspired by the bravery of the 1st responders  law enforcement  & everyday granite staters who risk their own safet…
teachers looking to advance their skills and knowledge can still apply to the  nehgov summer programs  the deadline…
  realdonaldtrump when you break more deals than you make  you are not a great dealmaker you are a great deal break…
i ll be starting a  reddit ama on net neutrality today at 3 pm est 
i m satisfied w/ this bipartisan bill  but disappointed the committee voted down an amendment i introduced to hold…
congratulations to the first graduating class of rockford s education pathway program  it is great to see students…
rt  piperperabo  today is equal pay day because today is how far into the year women must work to earn what men earned in the previous year …
yesterday  during  fscdems hearing i asked about the impact of the  housegop proposal modifying  hudgov role in ren…
this is unacceptable  as co-chair of the quiet skies caucus  i m committed to reducing noise levels so folks can li…
airstrikes alone won t hold bashar al-assad accountable for the war crimes he has committed  president trump s pled…
rt  waysmeanscmte  because of  speakerryan & president trump s irresponsible corporate tax giveaways  u s  borrowing will increase by a who…
what is happening to this young woman is atrocious 
congratulations   ceimaine  it s incredibly exciting to see farmbill programs in action and driving innovation in…
scott pruitt is jeopardizing the health and security of our nation because he would rather count the cash that corp…
rt  officialcbc    blocbyblocmke c b c demands justice
trump care s cuts to medicaid will hurt working families  children  americans with disabilities  and seniors  pay more for less
celebrating the year of the dog at the gee how oak tin association new year s banquet with bill and frank chin as w…
farm bill energy programs have helped advance the bioeconomy  created value-added opportunities for producers  deve…
every floridian knows that when hurricanes & natural disasters strike  communities – and local budgets – are ravage…
rt  civilrightsorg  the senate just invoked cloture on kyle duncan s 5th circuit nomination  duncan is a right-wing ideologue who has devo…
mike pompeo s record speaks for itself  he opposes the iran deal  has disparaged muslims  denies the reality of cli…
hoy estoy en puerto rico con el alcalde de chicago  chicagosmayor y traemos 5200 lbs de alimentos  medicina  y otra…
i am so proud that we were able to work in a bipartisan  bicameral manner to establish georgia s first national his…
attn residents   sonomasheriff is ordering a mandatory evacuation in northern geyserville  north bay fire
this isn t about housing policy  this isn t about reform  it is about hurting struggling americans  they re not e…
  housegop has made tax day even worse  because of the g o p tax scam  13 million more americans will no longer have h…
 nickalbares  labudgetproject q2  how will the g o p tax plan affect the standard deduction and ability to claim perso…
ten years ago today  i received my breast cancer diagnosis  since then  we ve helped so many survivors & previvors…
on april 23  the  fcc will begin to unwind netneutrality rules  i am pushing for legislation to prevent that from…
as the ranking member of the asia subcommittee  i had the opportunity to meet with pakistani prime minister shahid…
i was deeply inspired by the graduates of the  rollinscollege  holtschool today  these men and women have demonstra…
rt  officialcbc    ywcasew c b c demands justice
rt  fema  now is the time to prepare for harvey  review your family plan  know your evacuation route  & check your supplies 
by authorizing  deptvetaffairs to advance scientific and medical research into the safety and efficacy of cannabis…
* i m encouraged that facebook is willing to make changes  but i am concerned that you are only acting now out of c…
this is public schools week and i want to thank all of our public educators for their hard work  as a proud mother w…
today my colleagues in the senate affirmed their commitment to introduce legislation to reverse the fcc s recent re…
more precise  nwsnhc forecasting helps floridians be hurricaneready sooner & safer –  noaa investments paying off 
on international womens day we celebrate the incredible women & girls who have persevered over time and changed our…
to the thousands of students in new mexico and across the country who are walking out today to protest inaction on…
rt  energycommerce   icymi    frankpallone   reppaultonko and  congressmanruiz pushed polluting pruitt on his consistent and calculated atte…
find a plan that works for you and get covered during open enrollment  starting tomorrow  visit…
tonight s  healthfirstny women s history month celebration honorees are dynamic and phenomenal women from all walks…
brownfields are more than just eyesores  they can be hazardous to the environment and to public health  and  accord…
182 years ago today  sam houston defeated santa anna at the battle of san jacinto and texas went on to declare inde…
the last 24 hours in philly sports  flyers win  sixers win  and phillies win twice  just another weekend in the cityof champions
today  the house will begin consideration of a bipartisan bill to reauthorize  faanews  including a provision i adv…
if you are having trouble with a federal agency  please call my district office at  805  379-1779  since 2013  my o…
couldn t agree more - there really is no place like md for cybersecurity  maryland is the cyber capital of the un…
you are the reason that 66 members of congress voted today to impeach president trump  without the support of the a…
as a veteran of the iraq war  i m relieved that no us service members or allies were killed while executing last ni…
chip stands on the shoulders of medicaid  medicaid covers 37 million low income children while chip covers 8 9 mill…
rt  repjoekennedy  gop has spent the past year on a crusade to dismantle medicaid and roll back the health care protections those battling…
a huge thanks to all of the fourth district residents who attended this morning s older adult summit  the…
 euintheus - i m going to be at sxsw next weekend  would love to connect about opportunities to engage with the eu…
on  cecilerichards  last day as head of  ppfa  i m recalling the many years we ve spent together in the trenches fi…
thanks for the warm welcome at the stayton pharmacy today which provides critical healthcare services to this small…
you have invested millions in russia  russians have invested millions in you  your family met with them when they o…
rt  housejuddems  rm  repjerrynadler calls out  housejudiciary chairman  repgoodlatte on his lack of oversight 
 dig once  rule requiring fiber deployment is finally set to become us law
gop farm bill kicks 130k floridians off food assistance  snap -more than any other state  thedemocrats…
a new  worldbank study shows that discriminatory laws are leaving women out of the workplace & denying them opportu…
open enrollment starts in one week  choose a plan that works best for you & your family & get covered …
sending good vibes to the  warriors tonight as they look to close the series against the  spurs  n b a playoffs strength in numbers
icymi a record number of members of congress  182 democrats and republicans  support strong funding for the nationa…
thank you to all who fought in vietnam – today we remember your service and sacrifice 
i applaud student leaders at  southridgehigh  tualatin high school  and across oregon and the country for standing u…
rt  sbgc2c    sanfordbishop on tax reform   we would like not to have middle class taxpayers have to absorb a greater burden in order to gi…
it s national travel and tourism week  and we just unveiled the visit delaware 360 virtual reality tour  check it o…
dark money groups can hide their donors bc they think the fec won t enforce disclosure rules  the fec blocked…
wanted to share some great news about a local company bringing new jobs to  md02    stanleyblkdeckr  baltcogov
what we really need is comprehensiveimmigrationreform and an end to demagoguery  and the president has taken us in…
i may be an army guy but my son s a marine & wish luck to many new yorkers running  marine_marathon this sun  esp…
i posted a new photo to facebook
it s always great to be back in my old stomping grounds  many thanks to  fermilab for the excellent tours 
barbara bush was a warm and dedicated first lady who spoke her mind with grace and conviction  my thoughts and pray…
rt  housedemocrats  happy birthday to the incomparable justice ruth bader ginsburg  notorious r b g  rbg 
on world press freedom day  we recognize the vital work of journalists who write the first draft of history & recommi…
hear from two of our current interns about why to apply for our summer internship program  deadline is march 16  ap…
the aca is not perfect  but rather than working together to make it stronger and better  house republicans have onl…
artwork submitted by students from   buffalo_schools  csufsd  nardinacademy  cohstonawanda  amherstchs…
in addition to increased funding for submarine construction  i was pleased to let them know that my amendment was i…
it s shameful that less than a month after the parkland shooting  realdonaldtrump has already backtracked on his pr…
rt  alziladvocacy  thank you so much to  replipinski   repmikequigley  &  congressmanraja for co-sponsoring h r  4256--better known as the…
it s been 8 years since the affordable care act became law  the result – historically low uninsured rate  protect our care
 astrostarbright is a shining star in our jacksonville community international womens day womens history month
thank you to all the police officers  first responders  and snow plow drivers who worked through yesterday s storm…
it appears that  epascottpruitt personally benefits from many of his decisions as head of the epa  this is very dis…
rep  cicilline joins mayors donald grebien and james diossa  senators reed and whitehouse  to announce the conant t…
let the march madness begin  here s my bracket  i have virginia  xavier  villanova and duke in my final 4  with vil…
rt  katyaronoff  counting down the minutes until i leave work to vote for  capuano4senate at engine 7 on highland ave in somerville  masen
rt  repjohnlewis  president trump s attendance and his hurtful policies are an insult to the people portrayed in this civil rights museum …
exciting news – we continue breaking records of support for my bill to strengthen and expand background checks  add…
rt  repbobbyrush  the startling reality of gun violence in america is that more than 2 262 people have already been killed by someone using…
rt  uspirg  this week   repcartwright spoke out against the supreme court s decision to gut the voting rights act restore the v r a
happy opening day  redsox  looking forward to a great season—we ll be cheering you on every step of the way …
rt  senwhitehouse  i will fight to my last breath all attempts to cut medicare and medicaid 
rt  senbobcasey  the nonpartisan joint committee on taxation has already shown that this tax plan won t pay for itself  the gop is blowing…
proud to stand with  aftunion opposing  hr38   this bill jeopardizes the health  well-being and safety of our communities  oppose c c r
rt  recode    repeliotengel  will you change your algorithm to keep bad actors from connecting with other bad actors  zuckerberg  yes  th…
thanks for coming by the office and for all that you do 
appreciate granite state members of  davhq coming to washington to discuss how we can work to improve access to car…
rt  adrienneegolf  thank you  repdarrensoto for holding a town hall today about gun safety and for inviting  momsdemand to speak about comm…
sal has always been a selfless man  and this is just another example  thank you again for your service and bravery…
the american people don t want to see us go to our corners  they want bipartisan action to keep our schools and com…
rt  tinleyjunction  congressman dan lipinski  il-3  is now accepting submissions from all high school students in the third congressional d…
rt  stlconstruction  to meet our current and future infrastructure needs  we need to increase investment by  2 trillion by 2025  delaying t…
statement of rep  danny k  davis on president trump s decision to withdraw from the iran nuclear agreement
i take no joy in being right about this  g o p tax scam
one year ago  i donated  53 000 of my campaign funds to make the fairmount commuter rail free for riders for two we…
president trump s budget would close rochester s laboratory for laser energetics  lle   lle is an essential compone…
the american people were intentionally misled but now they have the full story  the fbi & doj acted appropriately …
trump suggesting rape is inevitable result of women in military shows he s unfit to be commander in chief
the 4 biggest banks have already made  2 3 billion off trump s tax law
standing strong with tri-caucus reps speaking against this dangerous 2020census question proposal  we must protect…
serving as co-chair of the congressional fire services caucus is one of my greatest honors and responsibilities  an…
it was very encouraging to see so many members of the community out this weekend at the race to zero 5k in libertyv…
today  my friend and fellow port angeles high school grad  col  john teichert  joined me at the…
rt  theplumlinegs  happy hour  with  karoun  nicole_lafond  ericawerner  ronbrownstein  rickhasen  lolgop  citizenc…
i am joining 82 of my colleagues in cosponsoring legislation that will save net neutrality 
focus on small business tax relief that allows local businesses to hire more workers and provide better benefits 
rt  matthewjdowd  with all due respect mr   vp as i said on  thisweekabc sunday  benghazi  4 years  0 indictments  clinton emails  2 years …
they were some of the first women to enter the workforce and although they were only paid half of what their male c…
omnibus completely rejects  realdonaldtrump and  betsydevosed  misguided education priorities  and instead provide…
rt  adobepolicy   our educational system needs to understand that technology will be a prerequisite for any job in our digital age  -  repr…
equal pay day serves as an important reminder that the gender wage gap still impacts american women every day 
30m people in the us have diabetes & more than 84m have prediabetes  black women have a higher risk of developing b…
i just joined  erinburnett this evening to discuss the iran deal and how disastrous it would be to withdraw from it…
are you kidding me  kim jong un feeds family members to dogs  he is not  very honorable  
the decision to add a citizenship question to the 2020 census will have long-lasting consequences for cities & stat…
united teachers of dade president  karla hernandez-mats agrees that arming teachers is wrong   karlamats…
maternal mortality for black women in the united states is devastatingly high  momsdontneed lawmakers who ignore t…
rt  heardonthehill  this week s take five is with rep  john garamendi
this is really only step one of many necessary steps to demonstrate that we are serious about their movements to attack western democracies 
what do the republicans have against the middle class that they want to ultimately raise taxes on 86 million famili…
this is disturbing  after holding children s health hostage for most of last year  republicans are now looking to g…
i worked to protect the border water infrastructure program from cuts  and yesterday  epa announced a  1 17 million…
here are 400 ways that  realdonaldtrump has broken his promise to drain the swamp 
reining in our deficit is possible  but it requires members of both parties to come together and make the difficult…
happy birthday to my friend and chair of  housedemwomen   reploisfrankel 
 clifsocal and that is a very low bar 
i joined 100  of my colleagues in urging  secretaryzinke to reconsider the damaging changes he proposed to the blm …
our dedicated emergency dispatchers are the unsung heroes who are always heard but never seen  glad to celebrate th…
speaking w/ students at my alma mater  along with  repjenniffer  about the future of constructive politics & the la…
 repespaillat interviews with  univisionnews today on jeff sessions continued attacks on immigrants around the nat…
lordy  here come the memos
reminder  you can still apply to renew your  daca   if you meet the requirements to apply for daca renewal  you shou…
what s on the chopping block if the g o p tax scam passes  medicare  medicaid  social security  and other vital initia…
trump s arbitrary  daca  deadline is today and yet this republican congress refuses to work on bipartisan solutions…
i m on  ctcapitolreport this morning  tune in at 10 am on  wtnh 
rt  phanews  the p h a summit kicks off today  let us know who you re excited to meet and what you re excited to learn about over the next th…
fact  60% of americans oppose building  realdonaldtrump s border wall  it s a waste of money & a symbol of his misg…
rt  uw_rowing  the pac12 row wv8  champions  rowing u
the impeachment is based on incident before he was at  irs  & no credible finding that he has engaged in any personalmisconduct  3/
it appears that terrorists in kabul targeted the media who rushed to the scene of a bombing  killing nine reporters…
join me in expressing profound sadness at the loss of my friend and colleague  congresswoman louise slaughter  she…
 aplusk  ianbremmer it s a good read
this world malaria day  i m urging colleagues to continue our bipartisan commitment to defeating malaria  together …
rt  repcummings  it s time to send a clear message on the 2020 census that everyone counts  an undercount will hurt people in red states to…
from pushing the uninsured rate to a record low to expanding medicaid coverage for millions of americans  today dem…
rt  dberrygannett     benniegthompson on push to add ms civil rights sites to  natlparkservice  this part of our history  for me  is perso…
it was an honor meeting w/ the pres  of the congress of guatemala   alvaroarzue  interior minister enrique antonio…
rt  kylegriffin1  rep  paul tonko addresses republicans on the  seemingly endless misconduct  allegations against scott pruitt   imagine if…
 potus once toyed with the idea of buying his own cable outlet  now he doesn t have to - he owns one for free 
i m so inspired by students who are saying enoughis enough  thanks to stoneman douglas alum  hotel_b_rad & everyone…
texas leaders ask that harvey recovery aid be sent directly to houston  harris county via  houstonchron
house gop voted to make america sick again  i was proud to vote against this bill that takes away the right of healthcare  it s a sad day 
national park week starts today -- celebrate by visiting one of more than 400 amazing sites across the country  like…
this morning   potus  is expected to announce a rule giving health care workers a license to discriminate against…
if your  daca  status expired on or after september 5  2016  you may still be eligible for a renewal  apply here thr…
thanks to  aarpma for their advocacy on these incredibly important issues that i have spent my career fighting for 
rt  sccounty   this is another example of our communities coming together to do what we do best  and that s protect our environment   - rep…
some at the top who benefit from our deeply broken tax system want to pay their fair share  the group patriotic m…
teachers  although we could never say thank you enough  we take this week to honor everything you do in and out of…
i m proud to join a bipartisan coalition of 240 representatives — a majority of the house — demanding a vote on a s…
i was honored to help celebrate all the tremendous students at this morning s enrico fermi scholarship breakfast  c…
don t forget to vote for your favorite art piece  vote here 
my turn coming up to question facebook ceo mark zuckerberg about his company s recent massive data breach & politic…
if anyone has any doubt that  potus will lie about anything – including his own father – look no further 
instead of manufacturing crises that are making our immigration problems worse  republicans ought to enact bipartis…
what exactly is trump hiding from the american people  we re determined to find out follow the facts
while  wa  has already acted to protect net neutrality  congress must act to protect a free & open internet for all…
first lady barbara bush was a courageous woman who loved her family and our country deeply  she was a fierce champi…
rt  hsanchez128    repdinatitus signs onto dem letter calling for  epascottpruitt to resign 
it s equal pay day 
rt  frankpallone  it s deeply concerning that the privacy of more than 50 million americans who use facebook was compromised by cambridge a…
i commend father pat conroy for standing on principle and commend speaker ryan for accepting his decision to rescin…
as we approach d c emancipation day  i will be on the house floor this evening to highlight our city s fight to becom…
disappointed that the house voted down my amendment to halt offshore fracking 
i believe we also need a compassionate refugee policy as millions have fled their homes  in 2018  president trump h…
my op-ed this morning in  thehill about air pollution and its impact on our district and communities of color   po…
one month after the horrific shooting at parkland  students across the nation and in ohio are using their voice to…
great time speaking at the west cunningham park civic association meeting in fresh meadows  talked about my initiat…
i m proud of this year s graduates at the  unlv latino graduation  my staff was able to present the newly minted gr…
over the last two years i ve worked across the aisle to find common sense solutions that protect our national secur…
rt  bluecollardems  trump failed on infrastructure   potus promised all of us a  big beautiful  infrastructure plan in his first year  one…
this morning i m talking to local press about the visits i made to areas affected by hurricane harvey
rt  repjohnyarmuth  we must defeat the morally bankrupt g o p budget that puts billionaires first at the expense of hardworking families  htt…
u s  businesses have added 12 million jobs over 60 months of growth—extending the longest streak on record 
if  realdonaldtrump were to move against dag rosenstein  it is clear the president s intent would be to interfere w…
rt  uofigovrelation  thank you  congressmanraja for supporting the fy18 omnibus bill  this bill increases funding for basic research progra…
proud to stand with  reptimwalz   reploucorrea  and our nation s veterans to introduce the va medicinal cannabis r…
the framers chose congress to be the body that declares war and authorizes military action  this legislation reinforces that intent 
rt  lcvoters  thank you  congressmanruiz and  senbooker for fighting to tackle environmental racism and the greatest consequences of climat…
speaking before  agc_nys about the importance of investing in infrastructure 
april is national social security month  i ll continue working to strengthen and protect this critical program  lear…
it s a shame that some states pay for prison guards   
san diegans can visit my facebook page to vote for their favorite submission to the 2018 art competition  the…
rt  repspeier   icymi  watch members of congress read the stanford rape victim s full statement   via  huffpostpol
such a great time last night at research america s advocacy awards dinner honoring my friends shari and garen stagl…
kicking off women s health week with  sentaranv and the  pwchamber at transitions  resources for aging gracefully 
last day to get covered 
rt  repbetoorourke     realdonaldtrump the border makes america great usmxs international 10k
thanks to all of those that came out on saturday for a meeting with myself and la council president  herbjwesson re…
today  the n e  congressional delegation had a productive meeting w/ michael j  ferguson  special agent in charge d…
i was proud to sponsor a resolution that overrides the fcc and protects net neutrality rules 
i am hosting a telephone community meeting tonight from 6 35-7 35 pm  to join  call 1-877-229-8493 and use pin num  110759 mapoli bospoli
we re prepared to take whatever action  legal or otherwise  that we must to protect our economy  our environment  a…
rt  unitedway  we re proud to join businesses  workers and citizens nationwide in support of infrastructure week  good infrastructure inves…
wife  mother  grandmother  great-grandmother and a great first lady  barbara bush was a true patriot and strong adv…
i took this photo out on joe s pond in west danville today  the ice-out contest is a great vermont tradition  good…
last week i led my democratic colleagues on the digital commerce and consumer protection subcommittee on a letter s…
post your best de pictures on instagram using this is delaware to enter  delaware_gov s photo contest  net d e
i know firsthand what a blessing public housing can be for families struggling to find a safe  affordable place to…
wonderful to join  repespaillat in welcoming  davidortiz to washington for semana dominicana 
today  hundreds of thousands of americans will take to the streets to demand legislative action on gun safety 
highlights further concerns created by per diem reductions to civ  and mil  personnel on temporary duty assignment 
happy teacher appreciation day to all the hardworking teachers in pittsburgh  thank you for supporting and inspiring…
mr  president  if you interfere with the mueller investigation in contravention of the constitution  i will file ar…
after exploding debt by nearly  2 trillion w/the gop tax scam and its massive handouts to big corporations &the wea…
honored to participate in this morning s veterans day ceremony at new hampshire state veterans cemetery in boscawen…
rt  civileats  today  the house agriculture committee begins marking up their 2018 farm bill proposal  congresswoman  chelliepingree on wh…
rt  keithellison  mn lawmakers have gathered for a 24-hr sit-in protesting legislative inaction to address gun violence  90% of minnesotans…
rt  demsespanol  la ley agrícola de los republicanos recortará casi  20 mil millones del programa de cupones para alimentos  snap   uno de l…
the  americanlegion & 60 bipartisan cosponsors join me in supporting h r  3870 for atomic veterans 
heading to  longbeachpride  after reaching out to  metrolosangeles  i m happy to report that the blue line will no…
lt  kauhaihao deserves the moh  i hope my provision will ensure other  aapi  vets don t get overlooked  video here 
rt  firstchurchucc  first church ucc is honored to host congressman ruben gallego s town hall meeting this saturday  april 14th at 11 am  t…
agree 
i also told them about a program at  ucf called  ucf_restores  which works with service members  veterans  and firs…
today is national voter registration day  take this opportunity to get yourself set up to vote by visiting
great seeing students from apollo high school   hhshuskynation  and  mvrocketsaz  thanks for braving the snow 
he decided to use his department of veterans affairs benefits to pay for his medicine and started responding positively to treatment  2/
congratulations to spencer lee of  hawks_wrestling on becoming a n c a a wreslting champion 
rt  lauradfrancis    repgoodlatte  bill proposes a  true guestworker program  w/o path to citizenship for current undocumented ag workers
game on  we are going to the superbowl   gopackgo 
rt  dleonhardt  almost 30% of households making  30 000 to  150 000 a year -- that is  the middle class -- would face a tax increase under…
now that the fcc has voted to kill net neutrality  putting the internet as we know it at risk  i will be introducin…
proud to introduce the impact for energy act today with house & senate colleagues  our bill sets up a non-profit fo…
the  epa should be focused on safeguarding our environment for future generations  not lurching from scandal to sca…
rt  bacopolicefire  today b co f d introduced its new smoke/co alarm education program at the randallstown home of gracious hosts theodore &…
president trump s outrageous claim that millions of people have voted illegally is unconscionably dangerous to the future of our democracy 
rt  latimes  a silicon valley congressman has a plan for the wide swath of american left out of the innovation economy and growing increasi…
it s finally here  home opener for the  indians  let s do this  rally together
today the house unanimously passed my bipartisan amendment to hr 477 that made sure the bill includes more protecti…
i m proud to represent missouri s incredible  natlparkservice sites  join me in celebrating these treasured places…
i ll be on the house floor shortly talking about how and why the gop budget is harmful to so many americans
i m honored to keynote  childfund s global advocacy summit to help mark their 80th year of protecting children in t…
rt  gregbartmusic  proud of  repjayapal for taking the lead on this issue  we need to reverse the whole privatization wave  beginning with…
met w/ inspirational constituent brian alvarado  the first  lgbt  navy spouse of the year  to discuss the excellent…
epa s independent investigator  epaoig has confirmed that it is investigating the administrator s use of an officia…
republicans setting the stage for a g o pshutdown by excluding flint funding from c r/budget  fund flint do your job
i m proud to have the support of the  nfib and i will continue to be a strong advocate for small businesses in  mn07 
deeply saddened by the horrific shooting at marjory stoneman douglas high school  thoughts and prayers ring hollow…
tune into the livestream now  enoughis enough d m v
the repercussions of this decision will unfortunately lead to inaccurate data and lower participation  texas is hom…
renegotiation of  nafta  must include addressing boldly its most flagrant flaw -- the impact of shift of manu and its jobs to mx     1/
we must stand strong against  realdonaldtrump s efforts to undermine the 2020 census 
i ll work with  presidentobama to grow our economy  create jobs  and expand the middleclass by strengthening education   ca26 
have questions about your social security or veterans benefits  my staff regularly hold  az01  mobile offices in rur…
promesa va a prevenir temporeramente que los bonistas demanden al gob de pr por incumplimiento de contrato si se falla en algunos pagos 
rt  repmaloney  we need our presidents to be honest about their finances so we know they re not  say  accepting kickbacks from russia  that…
i introduced the diné college act with  replujangrisham to provide funding to improve higher education opportunitie…
the comprehensive tb elimination act of 2018 was introduced today with my colleagues  repdonyoung   repeliotengel …
rt  keepyourhomeca  a few more and we will reach 80 000 homeowners helped by  keepyourhomeca  if you are considering applying for the prog…
want to understand the trump budget  quick lesson  it makes deep cuts to… -education -medicaid -environmental prote…
congratulations to shemar coombs of philadelphia as he participates in the  whitehouse w h science fair today 
rt  nancypelosi  every single republican who votes for trump care will have this moral monstrosity tattooed to their foreheads forever  eve…
tax cuts don t pay for themselves  so how do republicans want to pay for the g o p tax scam  by cutting crucial benef…
transparency in the workplace is a critical step to closing the gender pay gap  that s why i intro d the gender dive…
icymi -- my full interview with  reppeteking on  lenbermanwor  the republican tax plan will devastate long island f…
it s small business week  today i m visiting the south whidbey community center which will house artists  nonprofits…
shoutout  tb_times  nytimes  washingtonpost & others for your coverage of events during a chaotic time & worthy of…
traditional  premium cigars being swept up w e-cigs  vapes that are marketed to kids - we need fda and congress to…
despite that gop has control of all 3 branches of gov t  they re proving they can t govern on their own  they need…
today is the last day to submit your artwork to my district office for the congressional art competition  the winne…
rt  repmaloney  shame  9 000 nepalese  200 000 salvadorans  45 000 haitians  2 500 nicaraguans  and now 50 000 hondurans  uprooted from the…
our constituent service representatives will be throughout the district this week during neighborhood office hours …
 western_center you re welcome 
morning read as ways and means committee begins its work on the  housegop billionaires first tax plan
latest trumpcare estimate  22m lose insurance  those who don t lose insurance have to choose between less coverage or higher premiums 
in the 19 years since the columbine shooting  more than 187 000 students have had a shooting at their school  we…
not surprised  county report shows closing community hospital will mean delays in emergency medical care for lb and…
rt  housedemocrats  our changing climate has serious impacts on our planet  this earth day let us recommit ourselves to act on climate 
georgia is the 1 state for forestry in the nation and has more than 24 million acres of forestland  as of 2016  g…
rhode islanders have seen – and paid the price – for the growing power and frequency of major storms tied to climat…
i m wearing black today and saying times u p for sexual harassment & inequality in the workplace 
today  we recommit ourselves to fighting for clean air  clean water  protected public lands & action on climate cha…
today  i joined  repdwightevans   congboyle   phillymayor   darrell_clarke  and  councilwomanjlb at a  projecthome…
no parent wants their child to be hungry  when a working parent is trying to make ends meet  snap provides the assi…
as hi faces a shortage of affordablehousing  these funds from housing trust fund will provide resources to our most vulnerable of residents 
as a cosponsor of the paycheck fairness act  a bill to ensure better enforcement of laws against wage discriminatio…
yesterday i had the pleasure of touring  aviture  a software development firm  and talking about ways we can help b…
i enjoyed meeting with  creationjustice s board members earlier today  thank you for the environmental justice work…
ohio was one of the targeted states in this attack on american democracy  and as we learn more and more about how o…
establishing a bipartisan budget agreement is my most immediate priority so that we can adequately and quickly fund…
rt  ellenlweintraub  thank you   repsarbanes  for your commitment to ridding our elections of foreign influence  i agree  fec must act  htt…
rt  traciglee  it s live  check out this years list of emerging voices and rising stars  happy  apahm  
rt  cnntonight  rep  ted lieu says  any diplomacy and dialogue  with north korea  is good   but it s unacceptable that we don t have a us a…
rt  billjwpa  great meeting with  repcartwright staff on behalf of the 100 000  aarp members in his district   aarp2018   aarppa  aarpadvoca…
rt  grandcanyonnps  yavapai point was chosen as an ideal place to learn through observation  today  new knowledge deepens our connection to…
social security keeps 22 million americans – including 1 million kids – out of poverty  happy anniversary  social security80
rt  repkclark  *four years* without clean drinking water is something no family should have to suffer  congress must act to ensure clean dr…
affordable homes are critical to climbing the economic ladder  we must invest in affordablehomes to increase oppor…
rt  opcivic  thank you  repdwightevans for meeting with members of the opca today  we know you have a busy schedule  we appreciate you maki…
patsy mink  the first asian american woman elected to congress  co-authored the landmark title i x  revolutionizing…
town hall announcement  thursday  may 3rd i ll be holding a town hall in dodgeville at 1 00 p m  at the dodgeville…
and don t forget  tax cuts don t pay for themselves  regardless of what the majority wants to say  so how do they p…
absolutely agree with rbg   this concept of we the people has become ever more embracing  and so i would like to se…
rt  freep  kildee wants study of toxic chemicals found at bases released
live on periscope  congressional ceremony commemorating 9/11 anniversary
louisiana has such a rich history & culture and i want to ensure that our african-american leaders are highlighted…
these two reports should be viewed together  —trump instructed mcgahn to falsely claim president never ordered mue…
i ve worked with colleagues on both side of the aisle to expand career opportunities in american manufacturing thro…
the american people are learning important lessons about the president s enablers at the 3 most important branches…
congrats to the  goldenknights on your first playoff victory  nevada couldn t be prouder  keep up the hard work  an…
 realdonaldtrump but  realdonaldtrump s fear of criminal exposure is no excuse for his comments labeling the crimin…
rt  edworkforcedems  📺  happeningnow  watch ranking member  bobbyscott hold member roundtable on automation and its impact on workers of col…
another performance by the reality tv star president doesn t matter  his destructive actions and divisive rhetoric…
rt  cornerstonemoco   repraskin honoring the grantees from  carefirst this cycle where more than  600k in grants expanded access to healthc…
rt  matthewkeyslive   here  we see raw political power exerted from southern california in a way that would deny opponents   one of the mos…
rt  ftwsp  on friday  u s  rep  josh gottheimer visited our community 
let s be clear  millions of americans will lose access to health care  according to several independent analyses like  centeronbudget 2/
i posted a new photo to facebook
rt  canadany  great discussion with  reppaultonko in  washingtondc  n y s 20th district exported over a half billion dollars to canada in 2…
cheering on the usa sled hockey team – and tampa native declan farmer – in tomorrow s  paralympics gold medal match…
team m l g gave a presentation at  abqpeacejustice s cafecito today  the district office s bilingual caseworker sat d…
hope you can make it out tonight for the 2018 congressional art competition  we ll celebrate the artistic talents o…
praying for the safety of all those on the scene  thank you to our brave first responders putting their lives at ri…
the  cfpb was created in 2013 to protect american consumers from predatory financial practices  shamefully …
rt  housedemwomen  pay inequality costs women a huge chunk of change over a lifetime  hurting the economic security of families across the…
the prices granite staters are facing for prescription drugs are simply unacceptable  disappointed today s proposal…
prevent corporations from using a disproportionate amount of their tax savings on on stock buybacks and executive s…
celebrating st patricks day2018 this afternoon at riverdale senior services  with  jeffreydinowitz  ericdinowitz
icymi  yesterday i highlighted ct s successful workforce collaborations like the ones between  goodwincollege …
24 hours left  congressional app challenge submissions due by 12pm tomorrow  good luck 
never giving up hope 
i am very much looking forward to hearing later this morning from french president emmanuel macron  france is ameri…
thanks to the college students who turned out to let me know what matters most to you  i hear you  & you inspire me…
i am fighting for the rights of my constituents  because they deserve better than this  end the shutdown
rt  officialcbc    policingequity c b c demands justice
rt  2018usagames    so_washington athletes mitchell van sloten and ricco morales under the  seahawks 12 banner in rep   repdelbene s office…
happening now  the california department of justice is testifying at the  epa s listening session on the…
our office is available to help with any grant related questions at  847  383-4870  thanks to  janschakowsky and…
in 1994  congress held tobacco executives accountable for hiding how destructive their products were  i m proud to…
holding a press conference slamming the gop/trump tax bill that would hurt seniors  veterans  our schools  and the…
the  housegop farm bill guts nearly  20b from s n a p-our nation s most effective anti-hunger program that lifts mill…
pleased to have met shinsuke sugiyama  japan s ambassador to the united states  our recent celebration of the gift…
i condemn this unforgivable statement and this demeaning of the office of the presidency  i will always fight for t…
don t mess with california  greater fuel mileage means cleaner air and fewer trips to the gas pump  all this move w…
a2  the  epa s mission is to protect human health and the environment  mr  pruitt disregards the epa s promise to…
today i was honored to speak about leadership and politics at my alma mater   fisk1866 
for the betterment of our heroic veterans  the  deptvetaffairs which serves them  and the country which promised to…
on this equal pay day  we must remember that equal pay for equal work isn t something that impacts women alone – it …
i invited father elias  the headmaster from all saint s regional  formerly st  patrick s in glen cove  and my forme…
this latest development is just one of many examples of the trumpadministration s deep ties to big corporations an…
disappointed in the republican-led house intelligence committee decision to shut down the investigation of russian…
the student non-discrimination act  modeled after the title ix protections  would establish a federal prohibition o…
and yet you voted for  realdonaldtrump s deficit exploding tax scam that was jammed through congress before we had…
rt  whiphoyer  who benefits from the g o p tax bill  - wealthy americans - corporations who doesn t  - millions of middle-class families …
last night house passed kathleen s bill to extend program that helps ny businesses compete in asia pacific region 
today  former  hhsgov secretary tom price admitted what we ve known all along  by repealing the aca s individual ma…
my proposal  hj res 53  would eliminate the onerous time limit on state ratification for the equal rights amendment…
last week students at central kitsap high school walked out of school calling for congress to do something to make…
russian oligarchs got rich by rigging the russian system  don t let them get rich off of interfering in ours  sanct…
rt  nancypelosi  our democracy is being undermined and the  housegop leadership is silent  it s complicity 
i added a video to a  youtube playlist mcdermott on isil  leon panetta and hillary clinton | 9 22 14
the forced resignation of the house chaplain has raised a number of questions and concerns from the members of this…
rt  repdavideprice  this is the latest front in the trump administration s effort to disenfranchise people of color and suppress the vote …
since 1995  the  epa has required major air polluters to use the best available control technology  now they re rol…
the disproportionate power of moneyed interests to influence public policy & election outcomes is deeply concerning…
the reckless trump budget guts funding for basic necessities like healthcare  nutrition  housing and education by s…
 independent analysts say tax reform has had no measurable positive impact  other than for the already wealthy and…
rt  whiphoyer  watch  gopleader  staceyplaskett & myself call for add l relief for our fellow americans after surveying  usvi  damage
rt  aisisteel  congressional steel caucus members  far left   rephartzler and  repmarcykaptur giving statements and asking the panel questi…
honored to have members from veterans of foreign wars visit my d c  office today   vfwhq
rt  caucusonclimate  scc co-chairs  replowenthal ​and  repdonbeyer​  trump administration s clean car standards decision  takes us back yea…
before we left a little church called brown chapel ame  we knelt and prayed together  selma52
this invaluable program will use research to inform thousands of important and potentially lifesaving studies  cove…
the deadly fate of journalists who expose corruption and human rights violations in russia continues with the death…
make no mistake  the us government s failure to recognize the armenian genocide is nothing short of tragic  we mus…
we have reached crisis proportions w/ alzheimer s  & we must take real & serious action to fight & end alzheimers …
15 000 transgender veterans were betrayed today  their service & sacrifice was dishonored  we won t stand for th…
rt  booktv  on after words at 10pm et  jameslswanson retraces the events leading up to the assassination of martin luther king  jr   schola…
i applaud  starbucks for achieving gender & racial pay equity in the us  it s a good step forward - everyone deserv…
yesterday  i spoke with  cbp_mcaleenan  ero ead matthew albence  and hsi ead derek benner during a  houseappropsgop…
we are witnessing the use of unabated brutality and force against civilians to stifle civil unrest  america must ex…
save the date -- on april 5  from 5 30 to 6 30 p m   i will be hosting a town hall on gun safety  the town hall is…
teachers play an instrumental role is shaping our youth and preparing them to lead in the future  their passion doe…
  potus thinks the white house is there to get him richer quicker  newsflash—public service is about serving the pu…
rt  abqfire  fireops 101    replujangrisham with miguel tittman all geared up   nmpffa  abqfire  iafflocal244
saddened to hear of the passing of former first lady barbara bush  a true public servant  my thoughts are with the…
happy st patricks day 
proud to have nelson as my guest at this year s state of the union address  he represents what is best about our co…
 realglenmacnow  conshybrewing congrats 
25 million more reasons why  realdonaldtrump is a con artist 
rt  sencortezmasto  as one of the only latinos in the senate  & the first latina  i take pride in introducing a resolution with  senatormen…
open enrollment for aca health insurance ends friday  8 in 10 people can find plans for less than  75 a month …
welcome back  father conroy 
pleased to announce that meera kurup of merrimack has won the  nh01  congressional app challenge  her alzpoetry app…
ebola is back  and as we saw last time  epidemics know no borders  so why on earth does the trump admin want to c…
during the week we mark equal pay day  it s great to see new partnerships like this one→olympic gold medalists…
in order for these questions to be answered  this investigation must be protected  congress should pass the special…
rt  brycegibson8  thank you bill rockwood of  repdarrensoto office for his time to discuss the benefits of golf   and a big thanks to rep …
after trump s failure to secure funding for his  big beautiful wall   he s clearly grasping for straws  sending mil…
by awarding grants to schools and helping students learn new skills  we can strengthen our economy for the future …
rt  mrfisk12   senbillnelson and  repdarrensoto we need real net neutrality  please pass a permanent net neutrality law 
confirmed  starting in 2023   housegop billionaires first raises taxes for those making  20k- 40k
wishing everyone a happy fourth  as you gather for bbq & fireworks  take time to honor those who fought for the freedom we enjoy july4
i remain inspired and motivated by dr  king  who once said   everybody can be great because everybody can serve  …
yesterday s school shooting was the 11th since the beginning of 2018  this is outrageous and should alarm us all  w…
in honor of adult literacy month  please take a look at my op-ed  promoviendo la alfabetización en el valle del   
republicans knew for months that the critical & popular children s health insurance program was going to expire las…
i recently had the chance to read a book about heroes to a group of fourth grade boys at school 9 in  roc   we talk…
this am i joined  dartmouthhitch officials and  mayorjoycecraig at  fitnh to announce grant funding from 21st centu…
trump just hiked premiums 20% on americans struggling to afford health care most  we offered a bipartisan fix months ago & he ignored it 
planned parenthood s  cecilerichards retiring after 12years the helm i enjoyed working w/ her for past 11  of them…
rt  repcummings  it s time to send a clear message on the 2020 census that everyone counts  an undercount will hurt people in red states to…
now we are on the roof   mbm  nailing some shingles on this sunny day 
congrats to mike quaranta  i m looking forward to working with you and the  destatechamber to help grow our economy…
i m proud to cosponsor the paycheck fairness act and promise to continue working to close the pay gap for women and…
thanks to  ppmass for visiting me on the hill  your advocacy is so crucial to women and families across ma – and wh…
equally unacceptable is the failure of the republican speaker to do what his senate counterpart agreed to  an oppor…
 houseforeign needs a classified briefing on the chemical attack in douma  if this crime was indeed committed by a…
rt  apo_source    _africanunion honors  cbrangel for distinct accomplishments & friendship to africa & african union  dlaminizuma
great to talk with the saginaw naacp this weekend about making sure everyone  regardless of class  race or religion…
it s no coincidence  realdonaldtrump s tax scam adds  1 5 trillion to the deficit  while the trump budget cuts  1 8…
in las vegas  magic equals jobs for nevadans and entertainment for many of our nearly 43 million visitors  our reso…
rt  nancypelosi  this is completely false  the gop 2018 farm bill cuts over  23 billion in snap benefits from hungry americans 
sending independence day greetings to greece - one of the us s stalwart allies for two centuries  the eastern medi…
thank you to students at newark memorial high school for your engaging and passionate discussion with me …
yesterday i had the honor of meeting with the german ambassador to the u s   ambwittig to discuss transatlantic rel…
please follow  civildefensehi kilauea volcano &  hawaii_ema  usgsvolcanoes  mayorharrykim for updates  hawaii is…
rt  bronte_mcgarrah  listening to  nikiinthehouse reflect on her decade in congress  necouncil s congressional roundtable  her biggest disa…
james shaw jr  s bravery and quick thinking saved many lives at this weekend s horrific shooting in nashville  tn …
pretty good  but i like this ethics trifecta in the real kentucky derby  combatant enticed flameaway and of cours…
congrats 2018 congressional art competition winners  1st – daniel erickson  junior  fillmore central   my best wor…
icymi  i pressed  mickmulvaneyomb about omb s involvement in responding to complaints about spending at  epa &…
thanks for having me 
rt  nancypelosi  tune in as democrats join students for today s enough is enough d m v event at the capitol  never again
rt  car_nove  i was hiding in a closet for 2 hours  it was about guns  you weren t there  you don t know how it felt  guns give these disgu…
students  you can begin submitting your  fafsa  starting tomorrow  instead of waiting until january 1st …
rt  seankellynews  i voted in capuano district at 1 30 and visited site again at 5 30  saw only 2 other people voting  m a sen
wishing a joyous passover to all those celebrating in  nj08  
people of faith want all souls2 enroll in health coverage  there is one week left in open enrollment 
rep  tulsi gabbard is committed to leveling the playing field so that the voices of all americans are heard  by inc…
a severe thunderstorm watch has been issued for  md05  through this evening with wind gusts up to 75 mph and the pot…
rt  reppeteaguilar    realdonaldtrump s attacks on d r e a mers cut to the core of communities  and his extremist immigration  principles  wil…
republicans and democrats agree— it s time to find a permanent solution for dreamers who were brought here through…
rt  msnbc  rep  lieu   scott pruitt is a deeply paranoid person 
barbara bush was a remarkable first lady who dedicated her life to her country and championed the cause of literacy…
rt  amjoyshow    repmaxinewaters  cont d       & that is ensure that we have a president that is capable  competent & sane  otherwise he s…
the g o p tax scam  step 1  give tax breaks to the wealthiest and corporations  step 2  explode the deficit  step 3…
but i thought mexico was paying for it  no border wall
today we remember the lives lost 16 years ago and honor the bravery & selflessness of the first responders and serv…
thanksgiving thankful for the opportunity to serve   fattah s  3 billion mortgage overhaul via  realestaterama
the difference can cost the patient tens and thousands in unexpected medical bills  thats why i have introduced a b…
rt  repdwightevans  yesterday morning  i joined  governortomwolf   meekmill  members of the  palegblkcaucus and stakeholders to call for cr…
i ll be joining  espn s  otlonespn at 1pm live to discuss the  scotus  decision on sports betting  its impact on n j…
thanks for the inspiration  kurnhattin 
on monday  i visited cobham in exeter to discuss how we can keep strengthening nh manufacturing through workforce…
53 years ago today   repjohnlewis was left beaten & bloodied while leading a group of peaceful civil rights protest…
i am wearing my combat boots from iraq  well  the second pair - the first i wore through  my fellow vets & i use pu…
mobile office hours this week in watsonville & hollister congressional staff can assist w/veterans  services  soci…
rt  repjohnyarmuth  live now  i m joined by  mboteach from  amprog to discuss president trump s fy2019 budget 
people of faith want all souls2 enroll in health care coverage  residents of california  you have until january 31 …
although i m not a supporter of many of  potus s policies  i do not support impeaching  realdonaldtrump at this tim…
proud to join with  reppaultonko and more than 150 colleagues in congress to cosponsor the scientific integrity act…
honored to join my dear friend  secretarysonny this morning as the keynote speaker for the  usda martin luther king…
delta jewel  mrs  lillie v  thompson davis of marks  ms was the town s valedictorian of the first graduating class…
rt  sensherrodbrown  yesterday  the inimitable  repmarcykaptur became the longest-serving woman in house history  spoke last week on the se…
updated today on the route 440 and routes 1 and 9t transportation projects in  nj08   important to see safety and mo…
congratulations to agnes attakai on being awarded the rosemary mckenzie legacy award from the national rural health…
 realtmoneynba sure  rep jim cooper mail house gov
had the pleasure of meeting honami adachi from  carrollwoodday at my art competition this year  patriots make wonde…
dr  king s untimely demise moved our nation to pass the civil rights act of 1968  which included the fair housing a…
it was great to meet this week with hammond high school jrotc students on the steps of the u s  capitol building 
best in the nation once again  congrats to the team  indairport
it was a privilege to welcome world war ii veteran  senatordole to the national infantry museum at fort benning to…
calling back some of the individuals who took the time to write our office over the past week  finding solutions fo…
rt  publichealth  today s the day  join  nphw at 2 pm et for our n p h w chat 
wonder how  realdonaldtrump would write a report on trump russia collusion   housegop just did it for him 
calling all fifth district artists  this week is the last week to submit your artwork to my second-annual fifth dis…
a respectful and touching tribute in weymouth today at the veterans day ceremonies  god bless our veterans and acti…
the outdated and obsolete electronic health records  ehr  system at  deptvetaffairs desperately needs to be overhau…
witness says the rising price of naloxone forces them to  fly by the seat of our pants all the time in terms of co…
rt  senatedems  then  senbillnelson tried to extend government funding for just one day to give bipartisan discussions a chance to bear fru…
rt  energycommerce  another reason the g o p tax scam was not for the middle class  double digit premium hikes  republican a c a sabotage is cri…
rt  jburcum  holy smokes   reptimwalz s va medicinal cannabis research act clears an important committee  first marijuana reform bill clea…
rt  energycommerce  watch live  full committee hearing with facebook ceo mark zuckerberg →
the spending bill included funding provisions that i requested to help our elderly  we got an additional  1 millio…
today i met with passionate  ncrc members from illinois  together  we will fight to create a just economy and…
mientras estaba aprendiendo a moverme por el capitolio  logramos conseguir que trataran a pr básicamente como un estado   
i m honored to be named  hillvets legislator of the year with my colleague & friend   repbradwenstrup  i asked to s…
happy easter 
rt  ajcglobal  ajc applauds rep  nitalowey &  repchrissmith for their leadership in the fight against global anti-semitism and their call f…
davis statement on pritzker–blagojevich audio
former rep farenthold has resigned abruptly  could it be that the ethics committee was about to act on his case  wh…
i join my colleagues & the american people in calling for the resignation of epa administrator scott pruitt  he s u…
these kids are standing up against senseless gun violence  children just like them have stood up throughout history…
rt  uwghrc  iraqi physician to speak on epidemic of birth defects in iraq oct  24  27   repjimmcdermott to speak 
that time you were super proud of your teenaged daughter for doing gun safety advocacy on national tv   alivelshi…
rt if you agree with what i told betsy devos today  the  realdonaldtrump administration  with her leadership  is se…
if you re wondering why kelly couldn t keep his lies straight -first trying to defend wife beater porter  then clai…
the republicans keep hinting at  entitlement reform   as a way to cut your social security 
rt  tulsipress  to our friends on kauai  please report any damage to your property from the recent storm on the kaua i county website by c…
the causes & effects of climatechange are threatening our way of life  our economy & our children – not to mention…
it s been a long & very sad night  following this terrible incident in my home city  please keep our police officer…
congresswoman louise slaughter was a tireless advocate for women and working families across the country  1/3
come join me tomorrow for a town hall in deerpark or monroe  being available to speak with the people i represent i…
¡feliz día de las madres  sin sus sacrificios  no seríamos nada  for those celebrating today  happy mothers day  w…
its time 2 release egy journo baher mohamed journalism is not a crime a journo s rights must b universal free baher
there s a great deal to applaud in the omnibus bill  but i am determined to honor my commitment to those who rely…
may is military appreciation month  america s obligation to our military veterans is permanent and sacred  we must…
as top democrat on the house homeland security appropriations subcommittee  it s my mission to fight for just and h…
icymi  my op-ed in  indyrecorder on the 50th anniversary of the fair housing act  did you know african-american hom…
aldo solano at the celebration  a dreamer who will be my guest at the state of the union speech even as i will be h…
the central coast is situated on the human trafficking corridor between la and san francisco  during the upcoming s…
60 minutes and counting before our deep dive into gun violence and school safety begins  enough 
rt  housedemwomen  mothers are breadwinners in half of families with children under 18  not having paidleave means some mothers will miss…
none of us wants a nuclear iran  we should build off the jcpoa to address iran s missiles and support for terror …
president glenn is right   falsely vilifying an entire city  an entire culture  or an entire race of people is not…
rt  housedemocrats  a free society depends on a free press  on world press freedom day we commend all of the hardworking journalists who brin…
rt  oversightdems  breaking   repcummings releases new info on kellyanne conway s flights on private jets with fired hhs secretary 
what a game  congratulations to the  patriots 
rt  aclu_vt  today in 2009  vt  legalized same sex marriage - first state to do so by legislation  rather than court decision  love wins  ht…
great to see excellent progress on the salt river restoration  important project that ll have my continued support 
rt  emmtritt   repstephmurphy  ucf  nsmtoday it was such a pleasure speaking with you and knowing that our generation has your support  tha…
i want to thank  bobbyscott for cosponsoring the house bill to save net neutrality 
rt  giffordscourage    repryancostello &  repkathleenrice introduced the bipartisan domestic violence records reporting improvement act  ht…
let s raise the wage & provide equal pay for moms  they are our breadwinners in ~2/3rds of american families  latina equal pay
thank you to  yoyo_ma  kencenprez deborah rutter  and  kencen chairman david rubenstein for highlighting…
great dialogue with  bpc_bipartisan  civility caucus co-chair  repmikejohnson  and former colleagues on the governo…
fact  reauthorizing  chip  for a decade would save our country  6 billion & secure healthcare for 9 million children…
dr  martin luther king jr  s fight for justice made our country a more just and equal nation  as we honor his legac…
great to welcome york high school s ava hollis to capitol hill for house of code  ava is the 2017  il05… 
house republicans just voted to increase the debt by  1 5 trillion in order to cut taxes for billionaires  milliona…
rt  thebeatdc  congresswoman eleanor holmes norton   eleanornorton  wants a grant program for schools to train school personnel on implicit…
by undermining snap  this farm bill would deal a blow to nevadans who need access to snap to help feed their famili…
to my colleagues who signed my letter to protect mueller from being undermined and fired  let s continue to insist…
rt  blackpressusa  the mission of the democratic faith working group  clyburn  freddieallenjr
rt  usvinews  video of  usvi  congresswoman  staceyplaskett on  msnbc
prepping for march for our lives behind the scenes in the cold with  alivelshi
rt  billcassidy  my megabyte act stops waste  gov buying duplicate software licenses   nasa has already saved taxpayers  100 million 
new on langevin hits the rhode  i had a wonderful time at the kickoff of quahog week with  senjackreed  senwhitehouse…
read my statement on  hr3053  
for-profit prisons are a stain on lady justice s blindfold  this article is only the latest proof of that  no one s…
trump has no interest in actually helping  daca  recipients or fixing our immigration system  since he made the deci…
in just 1 day  the va medicinal cannabis research act has earned strong bipartisan support  proving research into…
just returned from paktia  afghanistan  thankful for the great men and women of our military who serve and protect…
trolley is part of our history in memphis   welcome back  80% federally funded  trolley transportation
my statement on today s us supreme court redistricting decision 
proud to support domestic violence survivors during d v a mweekofaction  with every vigil  march  & story shared we help fight tragedy of dv 
eyes are  wide-shut  ethics experts see a clear  quid pro quo  and another violation of the constitution s  emolu…
 buzzfeednews  officialcbc make sure you follow me on  snapchat for a bts look at today s interview 
if we want a congress that reflects the diversity of the american people  we have to break down barriers for women…
today s the day  join me at 9am at mundy s mill hs  bring your family  bring a veteran  let s stay healthy together 
i don t understand why this congress refuses to stand up to help young people and children  failing to protect undo…
yes - trade deals must be fair  that s a fact   sotu 
 otd  in 1892  former president cleveland beat incumbent president harrison  becoming only president to win non-consecutive terms  your vote
strong family / strong future  
it s on all of us  lawmakers  employers  and workers to close the gender and racial paygap  let s make this the la…
we have met with families desperate to protect their children  and promised that we would push for legislation to p…
though we must be diligent about how we impose these actions  doing nothing while our steelmaking communities acros…
rt  huskerfbnation  stay hungry  day by day  🔴🌽✊  gbr 
join me today  unomaha as i honor dr  lourdes gouveia for her contributions to uno  omaha and the latino community …
looking forward to kicking off the  pgpfoundation fiscal summit in a few minutes  i ll be speaking with  reptomreed…
rt  repryancostello  proud to lead the bipartisan effort to continue funding for cdmrp w  reppeteking   daveloebsack  &  sanfordbishop
by not allowing a gun vote or debate  house leaders are failing the american people  if we do nothing  nothing will change  not one more
wishing everyone a joyous  safe and meaningful thanksgiving 
rt  rulesdemocrats   repmcgovern in the rules committee now on the g o p farm bill  when i was growing up it was school bullies that went afte…
rt  smotus  get ready for phantom menace levels of disappointment 
 this attack on new jersey is ridiculous  in my opinion   said u s  rep  frank pallone  d-6th  
wise words from my fierce friend  cecilerichards   don t give in and don t give up   💪🏾 thank you cecile
fifty years ago today mlk was assassinated for starting a powerful movement to bring about racial equality in ameri…
here s my statement in reaction to the white house s assertion that the white house counsel s office is not investi…
i m hosting a national park week livestream in a few minutes  it is available here 
 cityoflompoc of course  you can find my facebook post here 
good news  pierce county is expanding its efforts to take back old or unwanted medications  properly disposing of m…
keeping the people of texas and those in the path of harvey2017 in my thoughts  wisconsin sends support and prayers your way 
caught up with  sacramentokings earlier during this womens history month to talk about my work in congress and how w…
joining  msnbc  kasiedc  kasiehunt tonight at 7 15pmct/8 15pmct to discuss iran deal withdrawal  north korea latest & other news of the day 
thrilled  secretaryfoxx accepted my invitation to tour the  bartsv expansion  go b a r t  vta
rt  rosadelauro  the ideas democrats are pushing for aren t controversial  we should be helping our veterans  we should be fighting the opi…
rt  repteddeutch  the students of stoneman douglas have been clear – america must neveragain allow the profits of gun manufacturers to com…
great events with  nelsondemille and mayor  billdeblasio yesterday  thanks to all who came  big guns book tour  nyc… 
a thread on sinclair  the city of los angeles and the future of local news 
rt  vetaffairsdems  trump should spend less time undermining 2020census & focus on questions that matter   uscensusbureau  if we are to se…
i posted a new photo to facebook
this has never been a hoax  this has never been a witch hunt  we have mere months before our next election and stil…
the risks of inaction are too high 
students have until monday  april 30 to submit their art to the congressional art competition  join me on tuesday …
rt  repmceachin  it s tax day – which means my republican colleagues will be talking up the g o p tax scam until they are blue in the face  ju…
rt  josglinn  thank you  repcleaver for meeting with pembroke hill students today about the importance of afterschool programs  safety in s…
solidarity with allies who light it up blue during autism awareness month to advance greater acceptance of people in…
 trump_enemy  morethanmysle i m a proud longtime supporter and cosponsor of medicare for all 
rt  alexgangitano  roll call s best 2016 photos  my fav are the ones of  corybooker   repdold   kamalaharris   cbra…
rt  luissantana  march for our lives tampa
today i was proud to introduce a resolution to designate february 5-9  the  national school counseling week  to hon…
rt  newyorker  remembering the freedom riders 
cancer patients on tribal lands must travel hundreds of miles for treatment because no on-site services exist in in…
exciting to see continued progress on northland project in buffalo which includes  14m in federal new markets tax c…
congratulations to paso del norte school middle school counselor  ms  christina nuñez  for being a 2018 school coun…
  kpwborg is doing important environmental work in prince william county  i enjoyed sitting down with jason parsons…
i am calling for polluting pruitt s resignation  he is a disgrace to public service and is currently under at least…
terrible judgment from  epascottpruitt  epa no surprise considering he once tried to derail chesapeake bay clean-up…
open enrollment is here  if you aren t already covered or want to change your health care plan  visit …
rt  cityofpomona  resolve to save water and do at least one thing each day  even if savings are small  every drop counts  when washing dish…
rt  wonkblog  republicans are selling the senate tax bill with two big pieces of misinformation
if you are a homeowner that was affected by the 2016 floods and need help with your  restorela_gov applications  th…
whenever an official vacancy at the top democratic judiciary committee position may occur  i will put my credential…
last month  i welcomed zoe lynch  nj-10 s congressional app challenge winner to capitol hill  yesterday  i was at m…
rt  frankpallone  administrator pruitt has brought secrecy  conflicts of interest and scandal to the epa  in any other administration  rep…
i am proud of these young men and women for leading by example and showing us how to support one another in challen…
under  housegop in 114th congress  there has been no bills 2 provide vitally-needed new funding 2 address our nation s opioid epidemic  /4
as frmr prosecutor  i believe an obstruction of justice investigation is warranted  investigation should not be limited to intel committees 
i posted a new photo to facebook
tonight  please come to my community meeting on the rising levels of lake okeechobee and the herbert hoover dike w/…
today i sent a bicameral letter w/ 4 senators & 54 of my colleagues in the house to  ustreasury urging secretary m…
to our d r e a mers   uscis is still accepting  daca  renewal applications  it may take over 120 days to process the…
rt  wsueverett  we re thrilled to be spending the morning introducing  repdelbene to our incredible  wsumedicine students  go cougs
today i supported 2 new bills to increase transparency & oversight of  dhsgov to fight waste fraud abuse
congratulations  new york city  its citizen-owned elections system has been empowering everyday voters and fighting…
in the city of chicago  we know in the last 4 weeks 58 people have been killed  it is not just the mass   
thanks to everyone who participated in our discussion today at  theurbanhive about the importance of protecting…
rt  oversightdems     repcummings  trump has a long history of saying one thing and doing the opposite  so let me leave you with this—a…

honored to welcome home the nearly 400 ct men & women serving in the  nationalguard  who returned this weekend from…
i had another great supermarket saturday at the jewel osco in moline  today folks are telling me that we need real…
addressing harassment at the national park service requires dedicated funding and permanent leadership  trump s fy1…
e-a-g-l-e-s helmet in hand here in dc during the eagles parade  fly eagles fly
esta decisión se basa en políticas equivocadas y llenas de odio  las cuales el presidente trump insiste en promover…
it was a pleasure joining  senjackreed  senwhitehouse  repcicilline  lw_provchamber  provchamber s congressional br…
how many more  worst mass shooting in us history  headlines before the  gop allows us to act on gun control 
this vote will have a nationwide impact as a record 527 women are running for federal office
it was good to be with the man who represented our nation and the presidency with dignity  integrity and honor  8 y…
i am so proud to represent naval base ventura county and the more than 19 000 personnel that work hard there every…
the flint water crisis is what happens when our leaders choose money over people  four years later  there are still…
when the dark chapter of the trump presidency is written in the history books  the harshest criticism will be reser…
honored to meet with braininjury advocates  experts  & retired nhl & soccer players today   tonysanneh  drsamadani
my main question to mulvaney is   what happened to  cfpb s commitment to protecting all consumers    question time
congratulations to allison zhang from elk grove for earning the congressional award for her outstanding public serv…
great time talking about govt today w/ 5th graders at john st school in franklin park  ny04   thx for having me & fo…
the future of the internet is at stake in the fight against the  fcc s repeal of net neutrality  i m supporting le…
we must find a permanent legislative fix in congress so legal challenges don t force  daca  recipients to live in li…
i joined my colleagues to introduce the bipartisan stress act to provide our farmers and ranchers with resources th…
usda program seeking applicants for renewable energy systems and energy efficiency improvement  applications are fo…
icymi  typical of this administration   epascottpruitt wants to suppress science so he can gut health and environme…
rt  nowthisnews   this is a canard   — rep  tim ryan ripped into republicans for their tax bill
rt  averywgardiner  thanks  eleanornorton for protecting dc s sovereignty and local gun laws  many of which  chmnmendelson helped enact  as…
it was definitely an honor to meet mr  carson & glad that he s participating in today s very important forum about…
the dea s cannabis eradication program is an antiquated one never shown to be effective  that s why w/…
met with leadership & team members of  honeywell in melville  we need to work together to promote our region as…
there is too much at stake for congress to continue playing these partisan games w/ programs that affect americans …
rt  gkbutterfield   cbctech2020  first stop today was with  dan_schulman and  paypal to talk smart investments in black tech and small busin…
i am concerned that an undercount in the 2020census will negatively impact young children  2/3 
watch the bill signing of 21st century cures act  featuring remarks from potus & vp  at 2pm via…
rt  rosadelauro  snap—the supplemental nutrition assistance program—keeps millions of children and families from going hungry  the trump bu…
the armed services committee approved the national defense authorization act last night  as a member of the committ…
i m hosting my second students speak town hall in trenton on april 21  i want to hear more from the brilliant you…
i extend condolences to families of victims in today s senseless act of violence in nashville&commend law enforcem…
rt  thehill  just in  biden responds to trump staffer who mocked mccain   decency  has  hit rock bottom with this administration 
rt  repcohen  the  nra gave me an  f  rating for my votes in support of commonsense gun safety legislation  & i couldn t be more pleased  i…
rt  topherspiro  trump s drug pricing plan has gaping holes  i break it down in this simple chart 
our intelligence agencies have warned that zte technology and phones pose a major cyber security threat  you should…
so proud to see massachusetts once again leading the way 
rt  replawrence  the flint water crisis is not an anomaly—what happened to flint is a warning to all americans  many communities are one mi…
if we re serious about protecting our schools  entertainment venues  city streets & beyond  we must advance common-…
i m proud to join the jobs for america task force to create economic growth and prosperity for all americans …
i m hearing from many young people who are fearful and want congress to act to prevent gun violence  here s what on…
the u s  hosts the largest number of international students worldwide  these students add to our economy and cultur…
you also still have until tomorrow to file  april 17   if you cannot make the deadline  you can get six more months…
 libcelebs and while it is true that i don t much like the president  i m funny about not liking boastful self-obse…
rt  hispaniccaucus  dreamers serve in our military  teach in our schools and give back to our communities  so why won t  speakerryan let us…
great to have  mikebloomberg join the problem solvers caucus this week to discuss joining together to strengthen ou…
431 000 wisconsinites are expected to lose coverage because of  ahca   don t make wisconsin pay more for less
rt  ktullymcmanus  some  where are they now   news from the  tuftspolisci newsletter   repsteveisrael is teaching at  tuftsuniversity in fa…
the bombings in austin and the san antonio area have been nothing short of shocking and unsettling  praying for the…
i am proud to have earned an a grade on the national education association s legislative report card   neamedia
officer leo and his family are in my thoughts today  as are all the brave officers who serve in the line of duty ev…
clearwater tech industry is growing fast  bringing great jobs to our community  keep innovating  pinellas 
the  nytimes reported on internal communications within  secretaryzinke s own  interior department  i can t think o…
i m so proud of the students who have organized national walkout day  you will be the generation to end gun violence…
holding a press conference at 1p m  cst today to say more about impeachment next week  follow me on facebook at…
today  i had an excellent conversation with members of the private sector and the chamber of commerce in the histor…
inspired by the legacy of dr  king  these  hrc portland volunteers are putting words to action  m l k day
asking about citizenship reminds me of an uglier time in our history where questions about fair representation were…
congrats to the davenport assumption boys baseball team on winning the 3a state title 
more evidence that perhaps secretary zinke s ego has gotten in the way of doing the business of the people 
  housegop have shown no interest in fiscal discipline  instead passing nearly  2t in tax cuts for the wealthy & co…
rt  cbsnews  rep  john sarbanes  can you say they were not special ad approval rights granted to the trump campaign  mark zuckerberg   cong…
trump shutdown fact  parts of puerto rico are still without power 4 months after hurricane maria  it s unclear how…
i support  repjeffdenham s resolution to force a debate on the bills that have been proposed because every day cong…
as someone who has sat across from the fsb on 2 trips to russia  it s time for our president-elect to accept the fact that russia  1/3 
mike pompeo is a liability as secretary of state  how can other nations trust us when our chief diplomat has a trac…
my staff was in owatonna today on the southern minnesota way of life tour to get ideas about protecting and enhanci…
  rally4az apartments provides affordable housing for tucson veterans  we ll keep working to end veteran homelessne…
calling all high school artists  the deadline to submit your artwork to the  ca37  high school art competition is ma…
rt  hfacdemocrats  rm  repeliotengel s statement on trump skipping  summitamericas 
the announcement by  cfpb acting director mick mulvaney is deeply concerning  and i strongly urge him to reverse co…
rt  anacabrera   if the president would plead the 5th amendment  the overwhelming majority of americans would conclude he has something to…
trump calls on sen  tester to resign over release of allegations against white house doctor and then makes vague cl…
wonderful night celebrating the national hispanic foundation for the arts with  esai_morales & jimmy smits   nhfa20 
congrats  senduckworth  looking forward to meeting maile pearl  you are an incredible role model for your daughters…
i m proud to announce that 60 inland empire residents were hired by local employers as a result of my 3rd inland em…
as always  it was another great day at the i a state fair 
the american people deserve to know whether or not the president is a crook follow the facts
 centeronbudget  amermedicalassn  aarp thank you for your energy  hard work  thoughtful voices in the fight to…
congratulations to  hitchop--a true advocate for consumers and marginalized communities--on being confirmed by the…
rt  repesty  you see 7 000 pairs of shoes to represent 7 000 children killed due to gun violence since sandy hook  i see 7 000 birthdays  h…
pitiful and disgusting  but not all that surprising 
rt  cnn  breaking  robert mueller s team has questioned a russian oligarch about his company s 2017 payments to michael cohen
for all his talk   realdonaldtrump s deals so far have been nothing but bad for business  now he s saying trade wa…
rt  deadspin  how america s largest local tv owner turned its news anchors into soldiers in trump s war on the media 
 az01  is home to some of the most beautiful places on earth  and tourism in these areas is a critical economic driv…
is fl more unique than ca or va or sc  they all oppose offshoredrilling but only fl has been protected from zinke …
honored to have been a part of the 6th annual international mariachi festival in national city  i m always happy to…
this morning  the problem solvers caucus met with  vanjones68  jaredkushner and  grovernorquist to discuss a bipart…
this morning  i was honored to recognize the  northbaynews on receiving a pulitzer  great to start the day thanking…
this spending package represents a bipartisan rebuke of the trump administration s stated budget priorities  many o…
rt  patmlri  our anti-hunger champ  repmcgovern at voicesof hunger conf calling for hands off s n a p ty  worcesterstate  compactsne for hostin…
rt  repjoecrowley  democrats are here to propose a better tomorrow  we ve already promised a better deal  and democrats are united in suppor…
an american hero is fighting for his life and everyone needs to be better than to joke about it  senator mccain has…
families struggling w/ addiction should be able to trust the help their loved ones receive  but many sober living f…
happening today  i m holding office hours at the  slo  county courthouse plaza from 5pm to 6 30pm  hope to see you t…
our servicemembers are patriots  it is wrong to deny anyone with the courage to serve from joining or serving in ou…
without the d r e a m act  our economy would lose  460 3 billion from the national gdp over the next decade  it s time…
their work now moves on to the final round where judges will select a winner for our district  thank you to all the…
puerto rico has a terrific national guard filled with brave american soldiers and airmen  deeply pained by this new…
thank you to leaders at astoria s lower columbia q center for your great work raising awareness about equality and…
rt  repdonbeyer  you ended daca  you re the one leaving thousands of americans in limbo  and you know what would ve been easy  if you had…
the if trump was game that ann coulter is playing looks fun  dump trump impeach trump
i want to say a special thank you to today s cops grants workshop guest speakers  officer atkins with the city of b…
  realdonaldtrump  a medieval wall along our border with mexico doesn t belong in the 21st century  california pr…
the handmaidens rallying to demand rauner sign h b40
i just want to make sure that when the federal government and this congress are cutting budgets  we are not cutting…
icymi  my op-ed with  repcummings on irs  scandal  of political targeting via  thehill
proud of my colleague and friend  keithellison stepping up and showing leadership  dnc
we can prevent 27 000 funerals every single year with effective  thoughtful gun violence prevention laws  massachus…
new applicants for  daca  there is no action you can take yet  but if the application process opens up in 90 days  w…
as jewish families across america observe passover this evening  i wish them a happy and memorable celebration  chag sameach happy passover
 if you have the courage to try  if you are determined and diligent  and if you dedicate yourself to serving others…
thanks to  generalmills working in conjunction with  uwbec to provide  1 million to 13 wny organizations addressing…
wishing all of the mothers  grandmothers  and maternal role models a wonderful mothers day  i ll keep fighting for…
congratulations are in order to lincoln middle school principal dianne vumback in meriden & farmington high schoo…
farrakhan s anti-semitic messages are upsetting & unacceptable  i always condemn hate speech of any kind  also upse…
great spending time today at the tri-county women s club of  nacwc1896 12th annual luncheon 
we are the last line of defense & we will never forget flint
i ve been honored to fight for our vets w/ toxic wounds since i introduced the first blue water navy act back in 201…
la trascendencia de este logro aún no ha sido comprendida adecuadamente 
enough is enough
rt  ma_anastasi  vigil for waffle house shooting victims   we are antioch  we re strong   via  tennessean
rt  tac_niso  thank you to  repraskin for taking the time to meet with us and for his immediate and enthusiastic support of getting federal…
climate change – and the threat it poses to the sustainability of our planet – is the greatest challenge of our tim…
today  the senate will vote to restore net neutrality and if passed  the house will have a chance to preserve a fai…
great to attend the unloading of the new england central rail   necr   continuous welded steel rails that will be us…
congratulations to you and your family on the new baby girl   senduckworth 
rt  nancypelosi  every small business starts with a good idea  with a better deal  we can make sure more small businesses have the tools to…
rt  thehill  maxine waters  stormy daniels should give her interpretation of trump s mental health
pleased to have the chance today to speak with the road gang to talk about my work to finally get my republican col…
rt  pfanj_iaff  happening now   pfanj_iaff president dominick marino & dave lang  pffnh1  iaff  asst to the general president for gov affai…
elected officials & i met w/ the homeland security committee to focus on improving army corps flood control project…
paying our respects today at ebenezer baptist church for the incomparable rita jackson samuels -- a rock of the civ…
america has been ravaged by natural disasters  which have drained  fema s budget  removing references to climate ch…
rt  rosadelauro  great to talk with these wonderful kids at escuela san agustín 
this morning i spoke on the floor about  housegop s failure to slow down and properly vet their deficit-exploding…
great meeting with former team u s a olympic runner  abbey_dags today as she advocates for active lifestyle legislati…
congrats to  northbaynews on receiving 16 1st and 2nd place awards for coverage of last year s wildfires from the c…
video  loebsack sponsored legislation to create national  coordinated response to diabetes heads to president for signature
rt  transportdems  today  top house democrats requested review of whether epa broke laws in using taxpayer    for lobbying/propaganda 
rt  homelanddems  today  election security task force co-chairs  rm  benniegthompson & rm  repbrady sent a letter to  dhsgov on its role in…
let s be clear  no matter what  betsydevosed and attorney general jeff sessions say  federal law prohibits schools…
icymi - announced my national animal rescue day resolution yesterday  via  ninabarattisnj  snjtoday 
rt  nancypelosi    speakerryan &  housegop seem to have forgotten that americans will not stand for their attacks on medicare & social sec…
great meeting with  sacfoodbank today to discuss what we can do to support  snap  and end hunger now 
if we don t punish those behind the russian interference in our elections  they will be back  today i joined…
equal pay day marks the number of days into the next year women on average would need to work to earn the same amoun…
we need an  epa leader who is dedicated to carrying out its mission  and who is accountable to the people of this c…
this is a somber reminder of the sacrifices our servicemembers make even when they are not deployed 
honored to hear from students and parents at today s gun violence prevention and school safety town hall in napa  y…
rt  rosadelauro  the ideas democrats are pushing for aren t controversial  we should be helping our veterans  we should be fighting the opi…
veterans represent the best of america  this country promises every soldier that we ll have their back  their miss…
rt  westsidehealth  great visit with  repbrochester to discuss value that community health centers provide to delawareans  thanks rep  blun…
 otd   jeannette rankin became the 1st woman to serve in congress in 1917  my bill honors the legacy of…
today  i cosponsored a resolution calling for  epascottpruitt s immediate resignation  he is under multiple indepen…
 samstein  oneunderscore__  bgpublic
yeah we re angry  this is a shameful anti-catholic move motivated by conservative extremists in congress 
while others deface signs  my supporters will mark their ballots instead  vote tuesday 
 hfp325 you sound like my wife 
engaging conversation today at the north american headquarters of italian eyewear firm  safilo1934 in secaucus …
republicans are trying to cut medicare  social security  and medicaid  it s outrageous that they re asking seniors…
  realdonaldtrump let s end the defense sequester and caps on domestic spending   sotu  state of the union
from being wrong on iran  to stoking the flames of war in the middle east  mike pompeo s desire to exacerbate tensi…
rt  hascdemocrats    repadamsmith opposes pompeo & haspel nominations  statement 
we are now in the 2nd gop government shutdown in 5 years  despite controlling the wh  the senate  and the house of…
at yesterday s transportation hearing  i criticized 25 yrs of paralysis on raising the fed gas tax  but bipartisan…
rt  rosadelauro  more broken promises from  realdonaldtrump  tpp would accelerate the outsourcing of good-paying american jobs and drive wo…
president trump and interior secretary zinke have put our national parks and monuments under threat like never befo…
there is an approx  35% cancer rate among these enewetak atomic veterans who hail from all over the usa  including ca  mo  nv  & hi 
rt  repadams  women-owned small businesses are the economic engines of our communities  employing millions each year  they need a a better d…
great meetings this week with  fvsu leaders and  ga13  representatives of the national association for the education…
unacceptable that senate republicans consciously avoided responsible action on gunviolence  even after deadliest u s  mass shooting enough
in honor of hispanic heritage month  we must build on the progress of the latino leaders who came before us by passi…
our work continues and i remain committed to securing every federal dollar and resource possible to put toward reli…
rt  nj_politics  irs action on prepaid property taxes slammed as  naked political payback  against n j 
yes  ohio jobless rate at 17 year-low   oh  jobs
rt  hardball   the challenges we confront as a nation     they are no match for a country that is united and ready to tackle them    repjoe…
i am saddened to hear of the passing of tom benson  he was an integral part of the new orleans community and will b…
rt  jahimes  joined  repesty and the whole ct congresscrew to greet student protestors from dc  sustain the fight  nationalwalkoutday htt…
  potus s threats to fire mueller and rosenstein are a threat to the rule of law & edge us closer to a constitution…
rt  barackobama  young people have helped lead all our great movements  how inspiring to see it again in so many smart  fearless students s…
thank you  ctphilanthropy for meeting with me today and making the trip to dc to discuss charitable giving 
i m keeping on this and will do my part in washington to make sure research funds are available  and that they re b…
rt  energycommerce  polluting pruitt went around the white house to give his friends a large pay raise  now he is trying to blame it on his…
listen to myself on midday on wnyc on my satirical novel on the gun lobby 
my prayers are with the people of mexico as they work to recover from yesterday s devastating earthquake  we are st…
rt  nrdems  breaking  the trump admin is moving the country closer to opening the arctic refuge to drilling  house dems sent a letter to  …
rt  dolefoundation   you often hear the stories of our troops and we cherish and celebrate them  the stories of caregivers are too often ov…
house scheduled to vote thursday on bill hiking taxes for 38 million middle class households  asking workers to foo…
listening to community leaders from laredo about what s on their minds and issues important to their community – fr…
rt  repjenniffer   repjoseserrano and i led a letter  alongside 23 of our colleagues in the house  urging hhs  secazar and  cmsgov to provi…
congress must come together now and pass my martketplace certainty act to fund subsidies permanently and stabilize markets  timetoact
today s omnibusbill failed to help d r e a mers  failed to address our gun violence epidemic  and contained provision…
last night i joined  edshow to talk about staples   aca  and raise the wage  watch our conversation 
more than half of potential granite state enrollees will be able to find a 2018 plan for  75 or less per month  tra…
we will remain vigilant and do everything in our power to ensure that our national parks are accessible to all of o…
i am back in the 2nd congressional district of  wi  meeting with constituents and holding town halls  so  for this w…
rt  edworkforcedems  this morning  the trump administration announced it is dismantling the  cfpb office that protects students borrowers f…
on my way to montpelier to stand with young vermonters for common sense gun safety reforms  so impressed with the…
happy valentines day2018 y all -- especially to my beautiful  smart wife commissioner  meredadjohnson 
honored to attend the oath of office ceremony today for judge lamont wiggins  who will no doubt serve with great di…
alan grayson [   ]  take[s] on a fellow democrat he faults for not joining in a push to impeach president donald tr…
today  let s remember ida b  wells  who led the fight for women s rights but was asked to march at the back of the…
anybody can be a hiker  and the new bus from the gold line makes that easier than ever  by connecting angelenos to…
pruitt isn t the only trump official who has done many things that would have gotten him fired in a white house tha…
not only does congress refuse to pass legislation that strengthens backgroundchecks or   
rt  nationalnurses  more than 150 nnu nurses from across the u s  lobbied their reps for nurses week  now   reprokhanna s healthcare workp…
congratulations to  senduckworth and her entire ohana on the birth of maile  what a special honor to begin her life…
every wednesday my office holds office hours at the jankowski community center in perth amboy from 9 am to 5 pm  st…
tomorrow  in honor of the 50th anniversary of mlk s assassination  san pedro s historic korean bell of friendship w…
 we do not inherit the earth from our ancestors  we borrow it from our children   - chief seattle earth day18…
i ll continue to raise concerns until the voices of tribes  states  & private landowners are heard  that s why i jo…
scott pruitt has failed to protect your health  undermining protections for clean drinking water  boot pruitt
there are too many authorized but unfilled clinical positions at the va  every day we allow these roles to go unfil…
instead of rolling back critical civil rights protections  such as the obama-era 2014 school discipline guidance  t…
breaking  court just granted our motion to intervene to defend the  aca  in federal lawsuit filed by texas  the go…
 bhm  spotlight  founded and named after a former buffalo soldier  the rufus f  harden school stood as the only scho…
rt  sruhle  why are trump friends  former lawyers and associates pontificating over whether or not cohen will flip on trump  why aren t the…
rt  repperlmutter  icymi -  repjaredpolis & i are working to make civilian helicopters safer by requiring newly manufactured helicopters to…
rt  naral  our thoughts are with the family  friends and colleagues of louise slaughter  congresswoman slaughter was a champion for women a…
 it will provide their families and loved ones a place to go to pay their respects  and most importantly  to learn…
the very first piece of legislation i introduced in the u s  congress was a resolution honoring cesár chavéz 
omnibus includes instructions directing the faa to conduct short- & long-term noise mitigation activities around…
my heart is sinking reading news of yet another school shooting  i pray for the safety of the students  teachers  a…
had a great meeting with  replindasanchez and the  oregonhispanic chamber of commerce to talk about how we can supp…
following  senfeinstein and my calls for a new  southern crossing   mtc executive director steve heminger advised u…
today we celebrate all the wonderful things it means to be a woman  continue to lift each other up  woman strong…
rt  bflobizjimfink  officials optimistic that gsa will free up funds for peace bridge project at u s  plaza via  bf…
we re still collecting items for care packages for troops serving overseas  drop-off your supplies before april 24 
a refugee proud to call america home and serve his country  read more about his amazing story …
rt  repcummings  it s time to send a clear message on the 2020 census that everyone counts  an undercount will hurt people in red states to…
whether you re a current medicare beneficiary or someone who pays into medicare & expects it to be there when you g…
relieved we could overcome politics and reopen the government early this morning  our country  especially our feder…
parents & teachers know the best way to keep our kids safe from gun violence is restricting individuals in crisis f…
oretha castle haley is a well-known activist and civil rights icon within louisiana  when she and 3 other activists…
rt  eugene_scott   i don t believe my religion is all that important to the people i represent  and i think there s too much religion in po…
 psa   if you receive a suspicious call from someone claiming to be from the chinese consulate & they ask for money …
rt  repgregorymeeks   tbt  to reminding secretary mnuchin that president obama turned our economy around  trump not only inherited a fortune…
as a former smallbusiness owner  i know firsthand that finding investors who can provide seed capital is critical to any startups  success 
rt  repbenraylujan  president trump s words may bring more awareness to opioid addiction  but words are not enough  the president must get…
today i stood w/  repteddeutch who represents parkland  fl  and republicans  repdonbacon  rephalrogers and…
we all appreciated  senbillnelson listening to  hillsboroughsch students about school  community safety and how to…
for decades   womenshelterlb has been a compassionate  judgement-free haven for survivors of domestic violence  to…
my heart has sunk watching the news of another school shooting in florida  my sincerest gratitude to the first res…
thank you  essence for honoring me among this year s list of remarkable women fighting for justice and equality  th…
day 3 of the g o p tax bill markup  i m ready to continue to fight for hardworking wisconsinites  we deserve a bill t…
   inyectando alrededor de  7 000 millones a la economía de la isla cuando más lo necesitábamos 
rt  repanthonybrown  the president values political stunts for his base more than working with  housedemocrats to fix our immigration syste…
rt  hawaiinewsnow  city opens disaster recovery centers to assist flood victims  hnn 
rt  oversightdems  just in   repcummings requests security clearance info on denied application for top aide to flynn
rt  jilldlawrence  from rep   benniegthompson  trump s racially charged  xenophobic words are costing our economy billions of dollars  ten…
rt  nitalowey  f s aren t good  unless they re from the  nra  thanks for the pin   repjohnyarmuth 
rt  senkamalaharris  the white house wants to pour billions of dollars into ice s detention facilities  places where we know human rights a…
rt  waysmeanscmte  democrats have a few ideas about how to make the gop tax bill actually work for middle class families  look forward to s…
mt  thelrandall  juliabrownley what issue affecting women are you most concerned about  how would you work to fix once elected  ask julia
thank a child welfare professional today  they are our unsung heroes who work tirelessly to ensure the safety and…
i m proud to stand with congressman lahood and fight back against president trump s second proposal to close peoria…
i ve been thinking about how bad this g o p tax scam bill is  and i came up with my top 10 reasons  it was hard to kee…
rt  johnbrennan  i served 6 presidents  3 rs & 3ds  i directly supported clinton  bush 43  and obama  while i didn t agree with all their p…
rt  repmaloney     realdonaldtrump  could you please post just one critical tweet about vladimir putin  just one criticizing russia s acti…
mr  president  american workers deserve an explanation for why chinese jobs are more important to save than our own…
new revelations that trump s personal lawyer  michael cohen  received  500 000 from a russian oligarch raises serio…
saddened to hear about the passing of my colleague  repmarktakai  my heart goes out to his family and friends during this difficult time 
join me in celebrating our nation s community health centers  serving more than 24 million patients  during  nhcw16 
touring north whidbey help house  a nonprofit food bank which has served the whidbey island community for 40 years …
the g o p tax scam  trump budget  and the so-called p r o s p e r act all have one thing in common  putting corporate profit…
rt  rvivian370  at the manicuremovement event with osceola sheriff russ gibson   repdarrensoto  izamontalvonews  pbcdhc  yourbarriofl  trip…
the internet must allow for the free exchange of ideas and information  it is imperative granite staters & small bu…
rt  waysmeanscmte  38 million people making between  20k- 40k will pay higher taxes beginning in 2023  38 million  that s not middle-class…
rt  ameliaknisely  reminder  if you see someone on the streets and you re concerned about them  call metro s non-emergency number - 615-862…
thank you to business manager greg lalevee and all the other iuoe members for showing me the ropes at the local 825…
we need to fix the farm bill  more on my food and farm act here 
attention medicare recipients   cmsgov has begun mailing more secure medicare cards that do not have enrollees  soc…
students should be in classrooms  not detention facilities  i once again asked speaker ryan to bring the bipartisan…
good morning  really happy to be home in hawaii starting the day talking story with mike buck on am690  tune in 
had a productive meeting w/ the  maketheroadnv team to discuss important issues affecting our community  raising th…
congratulations to a  west enterprise in albany  georgia for being awarded a  15 million contract by the  usarmy 
i hope this bill will create lasting state-federal partnerships to preserve lands and improve water quality  i spec…
alzheimer s is the 6th leading cause of death in texas  and 380 000 texans over 65 will have alzheimer s in 2018  i…
rt  capimmigration  in a few days  nearly 60 000 tps holders from honduras will know whether they will be forced to leave the u s   the cou…
the trump budget s cuts to transportation spending are larger than the entire trump infrastructure package …
libraries were my haven throughout college and medical school and fed my desire to learn  join me in celebrating…
do you know a high school student in our district who might be the next picasso or rembrandt  make sure they apply…
since the repeal of don t ask don t tell 5 years ago  our lgbt service members are now able to serve openly in the military   dadt 
we get one shot at a farm bill every five years…and  housegop is willing to trade it for a last shot at taking food…
about to go live with  teamcavuto  make sure to tune in 
if you re in santa fe and need to speak with a member of my staff  stop by mobile office hours at santa fe place ma…
as with many other life-saving drugs  the costs of naloxone  which has been on the market since 1971  are exorbitan…
chag sameach to all those celebrating passover with their loved ones  hope the afikoman isn t too difficult to find 
thank you  keithpowersnyc for fighting to ensure that all employees are protected from sexual harassment  regardles…
rt  houseadm_dems  at one empty seat dedication    repbrady proudly announces  houseadm_dems bill to bring a chair to the capitol
neoconservatives in the dc foreign policy blob spent over a decade laying the foundation for the 2003 invasion of i…
we enjoyed spending the morning at the earth day energy summit  great discussions about the need to further diversi…
i had the pleasure of meeting  adriennemaloof to discuss the important work that  americanhumane is doing to protec…
as we remember the columbine shooting 19 years ago today  let s not allow the passion surrounding the gun control i…
 2/3  proud to have worked on this effort with  homegoods pres  john ricciuti   ywchamber president  dignan_jd and…
the recent chemical attack on innocent syrian civilians was an abhorrent violation of international law and human d…
this week  i introduced the prescription drug and medical device price review board act  which prevents drug and me…
 speakerryan   speakerryan s retirement is another sign of the disarray that  realdonaldtrump s corruption & incomp…
rt  housejuddems  the members stated   mr  wylie s statements today demonstrate why it is so important that our committees prioritize inves…
thank you to all arizonans who visited our weekly a zcoffee  visiting dc  call our office  202-225-9888
rt  aclinews    repsinema clocks in and breaks the record for fastest cap challenge female lawmaker ever 
i wish muslim-americans a very meaningful ramadan observance  i hope this ramadan will bring a spirit of gathering…
every student deserves a learning environment free from discrimination & harassment  let s pass the student non-dis…
rt  noaafish_nefsc  thanks  senangusking   chelliepingree &  senatorcollins staff for talking w/  noaafisheries leadership at the recent  m… 
who among us doesn t deserve a second chance  read my op-ed in  usatoday calling for ex-felon voting rights restora…
c  fl is making progress in its fight against hiv & we must continue this lifesaving work  yesterday i announced a…
check out the latest way the composite recycling technology center in port angeles have created jobs using new tech…
rt  floorcharts  just submitted my first round of proposed charts/posters for internationalchartday - there were more than 40   that yes …
a caseworker from my office is available to assist you with federal issues this tuesday  may 8  from 10am to noon a…
rt  lcvoters  thank you  reppaultonko for highlighting that  epascottpruitt s actions have shown that he cares more about polluters than th…
the president  through his lawyer  called on doj to end mueller probe  obstruction of justice is no less a threat t…
rt  tulsipress  intro d resolution w/  repmarktakai honoring the 150th anniversary of the royal order of kamehameha i in hawaii
dreamers i have met with have shared their stories and talked to me about their passion for giving back to their co…
rt  officialcbc    repwilson is an intelligent leader who has spent decades in public service fighting for the people of florida 
i was proud to tour  lovebeets in  followebp to see all of the great progress they ve made and announce 100 new job…
republicans in the house and senate spent days rewriting their g o p tax scam behind closed doors  the result  a bill…
as a proud member of  goiupat  i know that workers are the backbone of our economy  unfortunately   realdonaldtrump…
reading about these attacks on title x – a historically bipartisan program – i am honestly stunned by  housegop s h…
on international womens day  we celebrate the pioneering women who fought for gender equality – and we recognize how…
we must come together to address the senseless gun violence plaguing our nation  because if we do nothing  nothing will change 
rt  parkermolloy  a letter from  repjoekennedy   eleanornorton   repraulgrijalva   repmikequigley  and  repmceachin to the trump cabinet ab…
to ensure denuclearization   potus should get agreement for the same level of on-the-ground nuke inspection from no…
live now  i m joined by  amprog s  mboteach discussing the trump budget on facebook live 
rt  bobbyscott  today i joined  repjaredpolis  roslehtinen  repmarktakano &  senatorbaldwin in introducing the student non-discrimination a…
cbo also estimates that the  housegop higher education bill would hand more than  9 billion to for-profit schools …
rt  pemhillschool  members of the middle school social justice club welcomed  repcleaver to their meeting after school today for a conversa…
proud to work with  repstevestivers to introduce legislation to make our patent system stronger  the patent system…
had a great time visiting hamlin middle school and learning about their innovative career tech education curriculum 
fattah pushes for 21st century cures the law will offer innovative solutions to accelerate new cures for disease
read my statement to  hr36   ⬇️
rt  repanthonybrown  when i served in iraq  i served side-by-side with patriotic americans  some of us had documentation  some of us did no…
rt  medicaregov  tomorrow is national take back day  a perfect time for you to get rid of unused and unwanted prescription drugs  find your…
i cannot support the current house farmbill draft because it will exacerbate rural poverty in states like maine …
rt  hawaiitag  some of our soldiers and airmen will be providing security in the puna area of hawaii island in response to the recent volca…
the trump administration s unlawful & dangerous elimination of the teen pregnancy prevention program  tppp   which…
 fbf  i honored mrs  leah chase in 2015 on the house floor for her continued dedication to civil rights and the city…
congratulations to savage and cook on the opening of their new distillery on mare island  this great new local busi…
rt  derekmyoung  we ll be doing live updates here  👇🏻 pierce co opioid summit
if you re a woman  today is the day it would take to earn as much as the average male worker did in 2017  that s th…
glad to see father conroy will be able to finish his term as house chaplain  should not have come to this in the fi…
you deserve a better farm bill  now is the time for reform  let s support our values & our farmers in the fight for food  ag day
  secnielsen  the president has rejected every serious bipartisan solution so far  if your department is serious ab…
rt  cnnpolitics  democratic rep  jerry nadler says he is more concerned about the threats that trump is posing to the muller investigation…
team dutch s justin met w/  md02  members of  jstreetdotorg in town for their annual conference advocating for a two…
rt  jayasheohed  bic recap   reprichardneal was very clear with  massgovernor & me   pittsfield needs the bic & i ll do everything you need…
looking forward to the grand reopening of perry s victory and international peace memorial after long-awaited  much…
from  countymendocino   if you have lost an animal  you can contact animal services at  707  463-4427
 openletterbot  carolynh  carolynh will be happy to know that i am a proud cosponsor and intend to vote yes if hr 299 is brought to a vote 
a very big congratulations to all of the high school students throughout louisiana  education has the power to open…
polluting pruitt has proposed drastic cuts  epa that protect american s health – all while the subject of at least…
head start programs are crucial to our local communities and our children  they provide early education programs th…
rt  jacksonleetx18   black colleges were responsible for lifting african americans out of poverty and created the black middle class  black…
today is the 70th anniversary of israeli independence  congratulations to  israel as you celebrate yom ha atzmaut 
under no circumstance should new jersey workers be left behind  this wage increase is long-overdue  and i am glad t…
rt  girlscouts  girl scouting is a family affair for  mharrisperry— so much fascinating intersectional history to be proud of   the panel…
i encourage my constituents to discover or rediscover our nation s extraordinary natural treasures and historic sit…
rt  mountwachusett   president vander hooven is a leader who knows well the importance of access to higher ed  in his short time here  he h…
sign-up for my teletown hall by noon today  tomorrow at 6pm pt we will give you a call   the phone   you provide …
 at the end of a passover seder  participants often say  next year in jerusalem   but with increasing threats again…
my office is accepting original artwork for the congressional art competition until march 23rd  if you know a high…
  nydiavelazquez & i are demanding an inspection of highway-rail crossings in maspeth after crossing signals faile…
rt  cnnnewsroom   people moving on with their lives   that s how we win   says democratic rep  tom suozzi after nyc terror attack
rt  hrc   repmikehonda congrats on 100% on  hrc s congressional scorecard for supporting  lgbtq  equality  h r c scorecard
great to meet with chief mike wink of the south lake county fire protection district to discuss their new siren sys…
watch now  my remarks today supporting hr 1699  this bipartisan bill preserves access to manufactured housing  whic…
rt  officialcbc    repdonaldpayne c b c demands justice
the election in pennsylvania s 18th district was a strong rebuke to president trump and his millionaire-first  corr…
it is infuriating that this administration continues to disparage immigrants  we cannot continue to let them erode…
rt  housesbcdems  in today s hearing  committee democrats reaffirmed their belief that congress ought to support americans with disabilitie…
it s small business saturday- remember to support our local small businesses today and shop small …
in my committee i asked a fbi representative what they ve done to improve their tip evaluation system following the…
congress has an obligation to provide unbiased oversight on behalf of the american people  if we don t examine what…
rt  jamaaltbailey  special thank you to  mikebenedetto82 and  repeliotengel for stopping by my mother s day celebration 
rt  reptedlieu  today w/  gerryconnolly  repdonbeyer  repjayapal  reprubengallego  peterwelch we re asking  fbi director wray to look into…
rt  cheddar  rhode island congressman  jimlangevin is teamyanny  mostly  cheddar l i v e
great day learning about the advanced manufacturing happening at  vermeerag  i make america
the important work of  ivan_velasquez_ and the  ciciggt must be protected and allowed to continue  the rule of law…
seems like the reason we don t have a daca deal is that  realdonaldtrump doesn t know what daca is   
the  epa admitted in this case that it failed to do its job & meet its deadline under the clean air act  today  as a…
seven years ago today  president obama repealed don t ask  don t tell  ending this discriminatory law made it possi…
it s time for women to get equalpayforequalwork  no woman should have to work an extra 18 to 30 years to make what…
as the month of ramadan approaches  we are reminded that this is a time of devotion where many american muslims ob…
at announcement of  southshoreline expansion deis  i stated i am proud to collaborate to create new jobs  but ther…
fact  students of color & students w/ disabilities are disproportionately disciplined in public schools  the…
 onlyorganic organic farming is important to our economy and environment in new hampshire and across the country …
so honored to receive the  juniorleague mary harriman community leadership award  thank you to  thenyjl for nominat…
rt  hawkeyecaucus  thank you iowa congressman  daveloebsack for visiting the  uiowa campus today to learn how u i research is helping drive…
february is american heart month  learn more about how you can take preventative measures such as stress management…
international womens day is the perfect time to introduce my inaugural  spotify playlist for womens history month  fr…
 housegop  hands off the initiatives working families depend on  parents need childcare & groceries  billionaires…
honored to moderate  sffny  evening of arts and activism to end child sex trafficking  panel at  hunter_college roo…
when it comes to values like honor and character it s hard to imagine two people more polar opposite than donald trump and john mccain 
we re not going to solve the problems facing americans today without bold leadership and new ideas  grateful to…
the  irs  is extending the tax-filing deadline an extra day due to computer glitches  taxpayers now have until tomor…
this is something we all should be focused on 
what is the nra afraid of  looks like empirical data demonstrating that gun violence is a public health issue tha…
rt  ajentleson  thanks for the love for senator reid from across the spectrum  he asks that in lieu of flowers anyone who wishes to do so…
conservative columnist for the  washingtonpost   jrubinblogger  sums up the g o p tax scam by saying  republicans real…
tomorrow is nov 1  which means just 1 day until you can buy or change your health care plan  visit…
if sinclair has its way  they will be able to reach 72% of tv viewers with this pro-trump propaganda  my bill would…
como pr es un territorio  mis constituyentes nunca han sido tratados igual que sus conciudadanos en los estados   
in many communities  the school district is the largest employer  jobs for teachers  bus drivers  administrators  c…
rt  hispaniccaucus  trump & republicans helping hispanics  ❌ terminated  daca  ❌ abandoned hispanic outreach for  aca  ❌ passed tax scam ❌ e…
2/ happy police week to all the brave men and women on the beat  thank you for your service to our communities …
 workers are not getting their fair share   tax day g o p tax scam via  usatoday
republicans need to stop lying about the *actual* focus of their g o p tax scam  wealthiest 1 percent &gt  seniors & fami…
rt  nhmc  thank you to everyone who attended tonight s 2017  nhmc washington d c impact awards and congratulations to the honorees  repmaxin…
rt  officialcbc    stevebenjaminsc c b c on healthcare
beginning tonight at sundown  i d like to wish all a blessed and happy passover  chag sameach 
today   hud announced  3 mil from the housing trust fund will go to hi  mahalo to  secretarycastro for your work on htf & affordablehousing 
house republicans need to stop playing politics with the farm bill  their so called  job training program  has litt…
1/ i get it – they blew up the budget by giving tax cuts to the richest of the rich and then spending like they d h…
mr  president  to conclude there is  no evidence  of collusion  you must ignore russia s extensive efforts to help…
today s must-read  find out why i want to decriminalize the expresslanes 
 hr5982  so-called midnight rules relief act is dangerous bill that sets dangerous precedent  voting no & for protecting health & environ  6/
time is running out  the deadline for enrolling in affordable coverage on is tomorrow  th…
it s world intellectual property day  i m working to ensure congress funds our technological edge in the air  land  sea  & undersea domains 
thank you  govmurphy & assemblywoman  pamlampitt1 for your strong leadership on historic equalpay legislation …
had the privilege of visiting  nasa ames research center – cutting edge facility that s helping us understand how a…
thanks  keithellison for the minnesota wild rice in honor of  eagles win  flashback  m…
rt  housedemocrats    joebiden at a better tomorrow democratic issues conference  it s not the example of our power  but the power of our ex…
they asked tough questions  it was great to see so many young students engaged in current events and issues 
last week  it was great to visit with  cissanantonio  including a former intern  here in my dc office to talk about…
ensuring safe  affordable  and accessible water for all is not a political issue – it s a basic human right that is…
trump is now holding events in an attempt to prove that he can remember names and things  totally not dementia tho…
rt  davidcicilline  telling  realdonaldtrump to respond to the urgent needs of citizens in puerto rico and the virgin islands  u s v i strong…
rt  cspan  c-span newsmakers guest this sunday dec  17  10amet --  repsandylevin     questions via  lindsemcpherson &  njagoda
this morning i spoke to  cspanwj about the president-elect and the future of healthcare 
lo último sobre daca nos muestra de nuevo lo que ya sabíamos  sessions y trump están dispuestos a mentirle al puebl…
rt  fredhutch   research doesn t work in fits and starts  -  repdelbene speaking in support of funding support for fred hutch cancer resear…
during national volunteer week  i salute all those who are committed to being changemakers and encourage more ameri…
  repschakowsky & i made a friendly wager on tomorrow s final four matchup between  umichbball &  ramblersmbb  whil…
i ll be on news conference with  conannbcla this morning  tune into  nbcla now
in a victory for hardworking men and women  the trump administration has backed down on gutting a rule that allows…
 elpasotom 50% of the tax cuts go to the top 1%  leaves the remaining 50% of cuts spread out to the rest of us  bot…
love my amazing wife   drdenagrayson  bluewavelove2018
thank you  hudgov &  secretarycastro for new rule protecting trans people from discrimination in homeless shelters  this can save lives 
mahalo  potus   flotus   hiartsalliance   hidoe808 for today s  turnaroundarts talent show  my full statement here→https //t co/so445kebld
certified registered nurse anesthetists  crnas  tirelessly dedicate themselves to quality care for their patients …
rt  repcummings  it s time to send a clear message on the 2020 census that everyone counts  an undercount will hurt people in red states to…
may is military appreciation month  a time to honor the tremendous service and sacrifice of our military  past and…
on spirit day we pledge to go purple and combat bullying of lgbt students by setting an example of kindness and res…
rt  raiseupmo  increased consumer spending  lower employee turnover  increased productivity  and happier customers are main reasons why ove…
on thursday  i toured the tremont street project in port orchard w/ mayor putaansuu  here s more about the new  fro…
gathering with friends at the  tcdp holiday party 
rt  dinatitus  my consent-based amendment to the yucca mt  resurrection bill would give nevada veto power over yucca mt  if other delegatio…
great to meet with new jersey dentists and dental students from the  amerdentalassn and discuss the great steps new…
join us this morning  folks 
33 yrs ago pres reagan signed a bill creating martin luther king jr day  let s never give up on making mlk s dream a…
our natural environment is what makes living in the pacific northwest so special  conservation and preservation are…
rt  reclaimact18   repbrendanboyle  repbrady  repcartwright  usrepmikedoyle  repdwightevans wow  8 miles of dead quakake and black creeks w…
thrilled that  paulreiser hosted a big guns book party in his home  and who knew that he decorated like this   
rt  nbcnews  rep  marcy kaptur set to become longest-serving woman in the house of representatives
rt  officialcbc  cbc chairman  reprichmond    realdonaldtrump s  shithole  comments are further proof that his make america great again age…
i find it baffling that betsy devos  the person in charge of ensuring that every child has access to high-quality e…
in washington today  i had a productive conversation with the  tahch regarding current issues with home care and ho…
the wh is full of crocodiles in swampy waters who don t think the rules apply to them  which is why i m introducing…
rt  repjayapal  our  usprogressives letter to the  fcc  the argument that net neutrality is bad for business  that s false  repealing it wo…
rt  npr  texas democrat al green is calling for a house vote this afternoon on two articles of impeachment against president trump 
maine governor lepage has refused to implement medicaid expansion after voters decisively approved it last fall  so…
sharon mcgriff payne has told untold stories her whole life  tenaciously researching and writing about the rich his…
praying for my republican colleagues and all passengers involved in today s train crash  such a tragic incident 
i am deeply skeptical about the white house s timing  rationale  and lack of detail in announcing its intent to sen…
it was a tremendous honor to participate in the unveiling of the pow-mia chair in city hall   you are not forgotten…
while i ve had my disagreement s with the administration s policies  general mcmaster has served our country with h…
as the proud daughter of immigrants  i will fight for daca and the dreamers it protects with everything i ve got    
to student activists for gun safety across delaware  your leadership could not be more important as we continue thi…
today we voted on the omnibus  while i disagreed with the process  many of my priorities were included in the fina…
rt  edworkforcedems  today  ranking member  bobbyscott met with current  uva president teresa sullivan and incoming president jim ryan to…
a few helpful tips you can follow to stay safe during hurricane harvey  visit to view pdf 
ran into my soror dr  glenda glover  president of tennessee state university  today   gloverpres  fisk1866  tsuedu
my heartfelt prayers and condolences to the bush family as they mourn the loss of their matriarch  former first lad…
  interior is soon expected to launch a lease sale for destructive oil and gas drilling in the arctic refuge  we ne…
rt  cnntonight  the state of the union  trump and race   donlemon hosts a special conversation tonight with congressional black caucus memb…
rt  seec  today  seec members sent  epascottpruitt their comment to protect clean water submit yours 
rt  repalgreen  during this season of giving let s be a blessing to others  happy holidays 
 the most important part of my job is to make sure each and every child in delaware has an opportunity to be succes…
my statement calling for the resignation of epa administrator pruitt 
house judiciary committee overwhelming passed first step act  it s the beginning of the end of mass incarceration e…
access to healthy food & healthcare are inextricably linked  more evidence that the farm bill is the most important…
rt  reprokhanna  access to clean air is a fundamental human right  dumping pollution on to low income communities and communities of color…
gop tax bill would increase taxes on millions of middle-class families  penalize families with two or more kids 
i signed on to the bipartisan special counsel independence and integrity act to require judicial review of any deci…
this may  join me in recognizing jewish american heritage month  and remembering all that the community has contrib…
rt  nfudc  a great group of farmers & farm advocates from the northeast and mid-atlantic are in dc this week campaigning for a strong farm…
the us should embrace the opportunity to lead a more comprehensive  international strategy towards iran  north kore…
happy 74th birthday to our vice president   vp joe biden 
rt  alz_wa  thank you  memorybrain_uw and  repadamsmith   endalz 
rt  metrohartford    repjoecourtney discusses connecticut s defense industry  workforce needs  career and technical job training programs …
rt  clasp_dc  thanks  repespaillat   repzoelofgren &  repraulgrijalva for your leadership in gathering 80  members of congress to oppose th…
looking to honor an important person or organization  commemorate them or a special occasion by having a flag flown…
i m disappointed in secretary ben carson s legislation proposal for  affordable  housing  this proposed legislation…
this president has levied the most personal attacks since andrew jackson  so t u
the  housegop is trying to ransack medicare  medcaid & social security again 
join now   usdot is offering a series of special topic webinars on how to compete for build transportation grants o…
rt  repteddeutch  last night  our community stood together with the mourning families  now  we must turn our thoughts and prayers into acti…
rt  kaffnews  icymi  the tinder fire is 48-percent contained and residents of the blue ridge area will be allowed back to their homes today…
 rip  ken thompson--dedicated public servant who made history as brooklyn s 1st african american district attorney 
time is almost up on the congressional art competition  i encourage all high school artists in the hudson valley to…
response to laura ingraham  davidhogg111 is right on this is not heartfelt apology but attempt to stop commendable…
rt  hrclosangeles  a big thank-you to  replowenthal for taking the time to meet with  hrc la s sue  lavaccare and edgar torres perez this w…
wall street is volatile  unpredictable  and far too risky to afford tying the retirement incomes of some 60 million…
proud that the bipartisan bill  repryancostello and i worked on and introduced is now law 
rt  jonathan4ny  golden state killer case  ex-cop arrested in serial murder-rape cold case via  nbcnews
rt  mayorharrykim  crisis line of hawai i available to those feeling stress and anxiety from ongoing volcanic eruption  mayorharrykim
trump budget freezes pell grants for 10 years  meaning students would need to borrow more to afford college  we sho…
this week is about recommitting ourselves to protecting our beautiful national parks for generations to come  and r…
i mourn for those lost in toronto today  pray that those injured will have a speedy recovery and thank law enforcem…
trump s allies are threatening our state and its values  we can t allow that to happen  retweet this post if you ag…
according to  aclupa  pennsylvania has the 7th largest prison pop  in the country and highest incarceration rate i…
the family and medical leave act  fmla  was signed 25 years ago  it was an important step forward for america s fam…
look forward to welcoming  joebiden to the global institute  liupost tonight 
congratulations   senduckworth on the birth of a baby girl—the first for any u s  senator while in office  one more…
my sincerest condolences to president george h w  bush  president george w  bush and the entire bush family for the…
it repeals the work opportunity tax credit  which encourages companies to hire our veterans
california has the best national parks and public lands in the country  this decision threatens dozens of communiti…
i am proud to honor california s law enforcement at the 42nd annual california peace officers  memorial ceremony …
happy teacher appreciation day  our teachers play a crucial role in shaping the future success of our children  than…
today is the last day to register for the march 6th primary election  to learn how to register  visit
there s still time  check the link below so you can sign in to participate and learn how the g o p tax scam impacts us…
i wish speaker ryan the best as he retires from congress  in his final months as the leader of the house republican…
the challenge is whether we would stand up and fight whenever any american is threatened  without a doubt  planned…
rt  healthfabulous  we had a great conversation w/  repmarciafudge s office on how we are integrating schools and health with our healthyc…
looking the other way while facebook enables housing discrimination betrays  hudgov s mission  unsurprising conside…
thank you cecile richards for years of service at the helm of  ppfa   fighting for women s access to care nationwid…
proud to support a celebration of  usnavy  aircraftcarrier & the men and women who serve aboard them in november 
rt  alexlimonnews    repannaeshoo on why net neutrality is important  she spoke at a protest against fcc vote to lift neutrality rules  de…
the plan demonstrates that the administration does not prioritize the health and safety of our communities – partic…
saddened to hear of the passing of my friend and colleague   louiseslaughter  my statement 
rt  oversightdems    repcummings  this is not the first time that an independent government agency has recommended that the white house dis…
rt  oversightdems  happening now   repcummings and top dems hold press conference for a better deal on prescription drugs 
due to a system outage  the irs has extended the tax filing deadline  if you couldn t file your taxes yesterday  yo…
i am honored to be recognized for  iambiotech s innovator in biotechnology award  the industry has such an importa…
rt  housedemocrats  the g o p tax scam continues to benefit those at the top with buybacks and mergers  while american workers are left behind…
the last time the  cdcgov was allowed to study gunviolence  researchers found that more guns  not less  made homes…
your vote is so important - team mike  make sure you get out and vote  masen
discussing the role of us diplomacy and the trump administration s hollowing out of the  statedept with…
the point of the census is to have an accurate account of every person in the country to ensure equal representatio…
great to be with my good friends in the  machinistsunion this morning  i m proud to join them in the fight for the…
are you looking for a summer internship  check out these following opportunities from  nmepscor s monthly newsletter 
today  over 52 palestinians were killed  including women and children  shockingly  netanyahu described it as  a glo…
happy birthday to justice ruth bader ginsburg  happy birthday r b g notorious r b g
today we remember those who stood up for trans equality 50 years ago   compton s cafeteria riots  trans is beautiful
rt  queenstrib  this week  repgracemeng invites puerto rican living in queens to state of the union  calls relief funding inadequate
make no mistake- the president of the united states is actively sabotaging the health insurance of millions of amer…
great to be at the parkinson s unity walk  as co-founder & co-chair of the congressional caucus on parkinson s dise…
rt  rulesdemocrats  flashback friday  a year ago today   housegop rammed trumpcare through to raise costs and rip healthcare away from mi…
rt  repesty  charlotte daniel rachel olivia josephine ana dylan dawn madeleine catherine chase jesse james grace anne emilie jack noah car…
rt  reptimwalz  2 million people will have their access to food threatened if the  housegop passes their hyper-partisan farm bill  that s…
polls open tomorrow  if you haven t already voted  please make your voice heard  mapoli g o t vfor h r c
when we study our story  we recognize that we ve been here before  we ve fought here before  and that we will win …
rt  massgovernor  check in on your neighbors  especially seniors   those with disabilities   medical conditions  take care of your homes  c…
icymi  today  seec released our sustainable infrastructure proposal  a blueprint for smart  environmentally sustain…
today marks the eighth anniversary of the affordable care act being signed into law  i spoke on the house floor thi…
i am proud to support net neutrality and cosponsor legislation to overturn the  fcc adoption of a regulatory framew…
rt  hispaniccaucus   the chief of staff s bigoted comments about immigrants seeking refuge are a slap in the face to the generations of peo…
rt  housesbcdems    sbagov s hubzone program helps small businesses in economically disadvantaged areas get federal contracts  to learn mor…
 more jobs  - a survey by the national foreign trade council found that 4 out of 5 employers don t expect to hire m…
rt  politicsprose  on this episode of live at politics and prose   sarahemcbride discusses her book  tomorrow will be different  with massa…
fattah moment in congress fattah announces increased neuroscience funding in fy16 omnibus via  yahoonews
it takes a village  thanks to dewey caruthers w/  caruthers_ci for sharing insight on how our community can support…
further  we must remember that the trump organization continues to allow serious conflicts of interest for the pres…
 mattyglesias i m also reminded of professor shklar s thought that  it seems to me that liberal and humane people …
emoluments clause violated again  muller time no one  especially  potus  can use his office for personal gain …
important to remember if you ll be checking out the solar eclipse2017
it is absurd that  usagsessions has broken  potus s campaign promise & is now waging war on legal marijuana & stat…
rt  _mealsonwheels  what a great day for seniors in oregon  thanks  repbonamici for meeting with  mealswheelsppl and being a champion for…
appreciate the time of all of the panelists and attendees for being a part of this informative discussion …
  senjohnmccain is an american hero  he bravely served our country and sacrificed far more than any of us can imagi…
rt  agbecerra  no matter what happens in washington  california will stay the course and enforce all our laws and protect all our people …
  californiadtsc and ca doj have secured a  1 6 million judgment against luxy accessory  inc  for selling jewelry w…
access to quality healthcare could prevent needless maternal death  we must strive to improve maternal health in th…
the open enrollment process can be overwhelming  before you shop around visit my website for faqs and tips  …
at the protecting immigrant families briefing today  i reiterated my commitment to standing up and fighting back ag…
with outrageous out-of-state tuition rates that are simply unaffordable for many students—regardless of immigration…
saddened by the horrific attack in nice france on bastille day  keeping america s oldest ally in my thoughts & prayers
it was wonderful to be back at  rikidscount s r i factbook breakfast  too many children in rhode island are struggli…
republicans continue to drag their feet on the priorities that americans want to see addressed  we should be able t…
rt  washingtonpost  with her new movie  tully   diablo cody delves into the dark side of parenting
celebrated the life of equal rights champion   buffalonaacp past-president  and passionate wny leader frank mesiah…
sending mahalos for 2 000 follows 
rt  nydiavelazquez  ¡privilegiada de trabajar con mis colegas  repjoseserrano &  repgutierrez en este homenaje al gran roberto clemente   p… 
in their memory  let us recommit ourselves to the ideals of freedom and justice that king and gandhi died to advanc…
trumpcare would allow insurance company ceos to reap more profits by discriminating against people based on health status
kellyanne conway  all comey had to do was keep his mouth shut  realdonaldtrump and his wh need to realize a few th…
 ny04  resident mark sokolow & his co-plaintiffs deserve justice  extremely disappointed that the trump admin denied…
this is just the latest evidence that  realdonaldtrump  president of the united states  is a pathological liar …
my staff & i had a retreat at mt vernon to discuss how we may serve our constituents better  i had the honor of pla…
sat down with  usacehq of the fort worth district  col calvin c  hudson ii  elston eckhardt  eric verwers  and dani…
rt  necouncil    repjoekennedy speaks of the importance of  stem  education to prepare students for careers  allow for economic mobility in…
on average  women are paid just 80 cents for every  1 paid to male counterparts  for women of color  the wagegap i…
on trans day of visibility  we celebrate the trans community for the joy and love they bring to their families  frien…
there is no reason a man with a violent past should have access to assault weapons  these tragedies are preventable - we must take action 
it s unconscionable for congressional campaign accounts to live on years after a member has left office and for fun…
in september i voted for a continuing resolution  along with all  housedemocrats & many  gop   we have had four crs …
rt  housedemocrats  fifty years after the loss of his mentor and friend  dr  martin luther king  jr    repjohnlewis reminds us that real pr…
today  we remember the sacrifices made by those who served in vietnam  thank you for your service  vietnam veterans day 🇺🇸
congrats to  clarkecoschools   whs_seminoles  and crisp county school system for being named the innovation fund im…
rt  tahirc  called a number of people     more than half said they have already voted for cap  others said they will vote for him masen
rt  repcummings  our children are the living messages we send to a future we will never see  the question is how will we send them into tha…
this legislation will ensure that citizens of detroit  especially those facing economic distress  are able to obtain financial relief   
rt  loisbeckett  covering a walkout this morning at an elementary school in virginia  and the 11-year-old organizers had a press packet rea…
pleased that last week  congress passed a bill to combat the opioid epidemic devastating so many communities 
this injustice has gone on far too long  we need to join together as a nation to ensure women are paid the same as…
265 000 kids across the country will lose access to free school meals under the g o p farm bill  400 000 households wi…
the american people deserve transparency  but  epascottpruitt is currently under 7 independent federal investigatio…
since its opening  the newest  smithsonian museum has welcomed 3 5m visitors  it has used timed passes to control c…
on yom ha shoah  we remember & mourn the six million jews who were murdered during the holocaust  together  we mus…
let s build a world where silencing women is not  very common  among celebrities and people of wealth   
know your rights  discrimination against immigrants and muslims via  aclu
i posted a new photo to facebook
rt  waysmeanscmte  medicaid improves rural access to vital care   research suggests that states  expansion of medicaid eligibility led to…
rt  greggiroux  u s  house 233-184 failed to advance balanced-budget constitutional amendment  needed two-thirds majority for passage  r 22…
there are jobs in high-demand right now and not enough workers to fill them  providing job skills training is a gre…
i introduced the dire legal aid act when the travel ban was first introduced to give those trapped in our legal sys…
happy teacher appreciation day  today we recognize the hard-working educators who inspire & support our children  en…
rt  aptatweets  congressman  donaldnorcross  one way to encourage congress to be unified around this issue  make an appointment with your r…
so proud to have these smart and formidable young women from houston join me on capitol hill today for…
rt  tballiance  we re at the world t b day congressional briefing discussing the leading global infectious killer  in cooperation with  repel…
while the start of the holy month of ramadan is not static  each year muslims throughout  ny13  and across the worl…
  potus travelled to dallas to speak at the  nra convention but golfed in mar-a-lago during the march for our lives r…
luego de intensas negociaciones  el proyecto de ley establece una junta razonable mucho menos poderosa que la establecida para dc en 1995 
back in washington this week advocating with my colleagues for la county s priorities  can t say i missed the wea…
proud to join  susanwbrooks   repfredupton &  repteddeutch to introduce the bipartisan jake laird act to help preve…
are you a  ca33  high school student interested in having your art displayed in the u s  capitol  our office is stil…
congressional art competition entries are now on display in the larkin building lobby  larkinsquare
la county s budget isn t just balanced- it s ambitious  it invests in our incredible workforce  strengthens our cri…
too many us cities have lead-poisoning rates at & above flint s  including milwaukee  how do trump budget &…
today i questioned video bloggers lynnette hardaway and rochelle richardson  aka  diamond and silk   at a house jud…
rt  officialcbc    danyellercarter c b c demands justice
we need everyone in our country to participate in the census to properly allocate federal funds to local communitie…
the pay ratio gap in mi is 78%  women have to work longer to put food on the table  pay for education  purchase a c…
we need someone as attorney general who is going to look out for all of us  not just some of us 
wny is proud to be home to  roswellpark  a comprehensive cancer center with an incredible history and bright future
our intel officers & allies make sure threats to the us are addressed  and sharing info puts their mission & safety of our country at risk 
dr  martin luther king  jr  s legacy inspired millions to courageously seek a society rooted in equality and justic…
this military appreciation month  join me in thanking all those who have served or are currently serving in our arme…
yesterday i called on the federal railroad administration to investigate workplace safety practices at the lirr s r…
rt  repalgreen  tonight  trump will rally for roy moore  a person who honors slavery and is running for u s  senate  tomorrow  he expects t…
rt  movephlforward   all the focus has to be -- not on internal divisions -- but on getting this nightmare of a presidency over   -  congbo…
congrats to newton s own moo s bbq & blues for winning  iowapork s pulled pork madness contest  it s official  they…
glad to attend the japanese american national museum  janm  gala reception  where i spoke with former commerce & tr…
this is great news   ingasaffron
  secretarycarson s move would take the  affordable  out of affordable housing by making poorest americans pay 300%…
the stakes are high and admiral jackson must put veterans first  listen to vsos and fight any and all attempts to f…
during nurses week i want to thank these incredible healthcare professionals who work passionately and tirelessly t…
rt  connorobriennh  jacky rosen asks whether there are any circumstances where the us would restart above-ground nuclear testing  she says…
lifetime limits on medicaid threaten to ration health care for millions of americans  proud to lead my fellow…
just when we thought  potus couldn t sink any lower or be any more offensive he exceeds our expectations and trashe…
protect your family w  an affordable plan that covers essential health benefits like er services  get covered --&gt 
rt  cnnsitroom  democratic rep  zoe lofgren says trump calling some democrats  treasonous  for their reaction at the state of the union was…
but for now  if you are a  tps  recipient  please re-register before these deadlines in order to continue receiving…
here s another end-of-quarter email in my inbox   stand with president trump to advance the america first agenda  …
next weds - i m hosting a town hall in uniontown  alabama  i ve made it a top priority to hear from constituents ab…
rt  utcpolicy  the future of aviation rests with planes that are quiet and fuel efficient  we urge congress to support the  repcomstock …
trump admin attacks on science continue  there are reports that scott pruitt will restrict the use of science for p…
last week  i introduced legislation to boost the irs reimbursement rates for charitable drivers from 14 cents to 54…
rt  homebaseprogram  last week   senwarren   sendavidperdue   steveknight25  congresswoman niki tsongas  d-ma   introduced language in the…
rt  reptimryan  we must protect mueller at all costs  americans deserve the truth 
rt  caucusonclimate  11 lost lives  5 million barrels of spilled oil  catastrophic loss of wildlife and habitat  that was the result deepw…
african american women are 3-4 times more likely to die during childbirth than their white counterparts  this…
rt  npr  reporter  hansilowang says  adding a question to a bureaucratic  government form 2 years from census2020 may not seem like a big…
covered california has provided a professional health care navigator to be at my sherman oaks office  5000 van nuys…
rt  us_pain   repbradwenstrup  congressmanruiz are docs working 2 pass  hr2077  & protect patients from steptherapy  thank you 
rt  transitfornash  good morning nashville  guess what  we re now on tv  check out our first ad 
our team is monitoring the winter storm  for up-to-the-minute information on school closures and weather-related up…
  hr3692  would build on progress made under  cara   adding additional nursing specialists to those able to prescribe…
be cyber aware of who has access to your social media networks  criminals can befriend you and easily gain access t…
rt  nmclernon  how we can boost the economy through foreign direct investment  repandybarr  repmikehonda well done …
fred guttenberg is speaking truth to power  yesterday  i had the chance to meet with him and hear about his daughte…
rt  drdenagrayson  if my hubby  alangrayson runs for congress  anyone whom he challenges *should* be worried  because alan has the people b…
blatantly shameful abuse of power 
the president is not above the law the country as it has been for about 230 years is in the…
it was great to visit tecnova on our madein i l10 tour  this privately-owned company in waukegan manufactures comple…
earlier this month  the chairman of the joint chiefs of staff  gen  dunford  told me during an armed services commi…
there is no law enforcement or other legitimate basis for separating children from their parents at the border  it…
loyola - bring home the w
rt  cleanairmoms  we owe it to the next generations   we have a moral obligation to embrace the mission statement of the epa  - reppaultonk…
 potus admin must also make sure nh starts getting our fair share of funding given the severity the opioid crisis in our state  nhpolitics
rt  sandyhook   it s flat out cowardice that we haven t taken up this legislation    repjohnlarson neveragain stop gun violence
as a taxpayer  you deserve to know how your tax    are being misspent  i m disappointed the armed services committe…
rt  queenstrib  queens  city leaders reflect on mlk s legacy  mlk50  m l k50 forward  repgregorymeeks  queenslibrary  …
i voted against the gop tax bill  my statement 
safe integration of  uas  into the national airspace is important for future of flight  while i am disappointed…
rt  repmceachin     potus is right - there has never been a better time to start living the american dream if you are a white male  christi…
rt  votingforkids  join us tomorrow for a digital day of action to speak out against the threats to snap  stand up for families being able…
today  i joined  davidcicilline and other house colleagues in introducing the assault weapons ban of 2018  weapons…
 i am endorsing julia brownley for congress because she is a strong independent leader   said gov  jerry brown  ca26 
we are with you toronto  horrified to hear about the tragic deaths today  my thoughts are with the victims and thei…
away from the cameras  congressional republicans will quietly begin to cut safety net programs to pay for their massive  corporate tax cut 
further  we cannot refer an investigation to a second special counsel if we lack the evidence to predicate a crimin…
3  the republican legislation gives millionaires an average tax cut of  58 000 
rt  justicedems  good news  the cra passed the senate by 52-47  the first hurdle to restoring net neutrality is now complete  net neutralit…
i was honored to host fellow hoosier dr  rev  anthony k r  gibson as guest chaplain for the u s  house today  thank…
the g o p tax scam was designed to prioritize tax cuts for corporations & billionaires over the middle class  working…
as california recovers from devastating wildfires and prepares to face new ones  i m fighting to ensure a strong fe…
today is  equal pay day   i cosponsored the paycheck fairness act because women should never have to worry that the…
  waltshaub  the phrase  southern white house  is a transparent marketing pitch  connoting the availability of acce…
rt  davidbegnaud  today s power outage across puerto rico was caused by  cobra energy  a u s  private contractor     which  hit the transmi…
rt  demsespanol  hoy  en la frívola fecha que  realdonaldtrump decidió terminar el programa  daca   miembros del  hispaniccaucus se unieron…
in huntington  li  tomorrow  join us 
students from dc and across the nation continue to show they mean business with today s national school walkout on 1…
i joined  fredhutch   helpendhiv   uw and  wsu to discuss the impact of funding  nih  which supports 13k jobs &  2b…
in 2017  climate change fueled what became the costliest year on record due to natural disasters  the epa s mission…
i joined fifth district business leaders and elected officials to break ground at the new pace glass facility in an…
open enrollment ends today & 8-in-10 americans can get covered on for  75 a month or less …
rt  replloyddoggett  since 2006  the average cost for a year of medication for someone with a chronic disease has more than doubled to over…
may is national foster care month  as a member of the congressional caucus on foster youth  i am proud to renew my…
had a great visit at the eau claire area hmong mutual assistance association office   ecahmaa  today 
with  iaff2068 and  fairfaxcounty to dedicate our public safety occupational health center to patrick j  morrison …
now  nearly 1 400 americans  including more than 275 pregnant women  are confirmed to have contracted the zika virus 
collecting groundwater data is essential for not only researchers  but businesses & individuals 
we should have addressed our transit issues decades ago  the longer we wait  the harder it is  now is the time to s…
yes  it is my birthday  yes  i turn 60 today  i was just 7 years old when the who released their famous song  my ge…
that s nice but can we instead just get president bartlet in the real white house and not the reality tv star we ha…
sarah weddington was 26 years old when she argued roe v wade before  ussupremecourt in 1971   sarahweddington serv…
my thoughts are with my  gop colleagues  their families  and staff  i was very saddened to learn there was a fatal…
with ohio currently having the 19th highest adult obesity rate in the nation  we all should try to eat a little bet…
rt  celtics  that s a wrap 🎉🎉🎉 c us rise
i am pleased to be among 23 members of the house who have joined  repbarragan demanding doj reverse suspension of…
reminder  our staff will host one-on-one federal agency assistance tomorrow 4/17 in wailuku  maui  11 00am-1 00pm…
rt  comey  mr  president  the american people will hear my story very soon  and they can judge for themselves who is honorable and who is n…
d s have no business giving r s any room on this  do they support  realdonaldtrump s repeal of daca or a clean drea…
today  i met with san antonio aviation director russell j  handy  san antonio mayor nirenberg  u s  senator cornyn …
rt  derricknaacp  ever heard of viola desmond  blk woman on canada  10 bill  or the nova scotia association for the advancement of coloured…
in a few minutes  i will be taking questions from iowans directly to mr  zuckerberg  click the link below to watch…
rt  garysternny  student leadership inspiring  but  gop  won t heed on guns   repeliotengel via  lohud march for ou…
rt  healthcarevoter  here are all the times  realdonaldtrump promised he wouldn t cut medicaid  here s  realdonald…
i posted a new photo to facebook
 freedom is not free  and that is what has driven me ever since i was a child   - activist john due congratulation…
rep  cicilline statement on trump ending immigration protections for liberians
since the deal s implementation  iran has reaped the benefits of sanctions relief  twice skirted the agreement s li…
wow  what a great crowd at tonight s  lifedoflabor  aflcio congressional night  we need more good men and women lik…
today is the day  come and join me to play catch at wilson park in compton at 4pm   ca44 
rt  valor4us    reploucorrea thank you for supporting servicedogs & veterans  savingapaw  aspca
 bhm  spotlight  settled by former enslaved african americans at the end of the civil war  dallas  freedman s cemete…
happening now   houseagnews is marking up the draft farm bill  our communities deserve a better farm bill—one tha…
rt  defendourfuture  today we are talking with  reprubengallego about some very important topics that have implications for the people of h…
we re all incredibly proud of  cannnon25  v s u excellence  va04 
joined  lahc4  wxyzdetroit  dearbornschools to discuss how we can keep our schools safe  our young people s leaders…
  repjohnlarson  a tireless advocate for seniors  is joining me today for our social security town hall in san pabl…
congratulations to long beach councilwoman  suziepricelb3 on your re-election  i look forward to working with you f…
rt  officialcbc   reprichmond  realdonaldtrump  whitehouse  repbonnie  corybooker  repbarbaralee  repyvetteclarke  deptofdefense  benniegth…
net neutrality is about protecting fairness  openness  and competition  trump s  fcc reversing the rules will put o…
as proud representative of channel islands national park  channel islands national marine sanctuary  hopper mountai…
that s why de is a part of the us climate alliance  a group of states committed to upholding the paris agreement to…
under last 2yrs of  housegop  there has been no bill helping americans w skyrocketing student debt through refinancing of student loans  2/
environmental protections & infrastructure deployment are not mutually exclusive  my letter to  fcc commissioner…
the prosecution of corruption by high ranking government officials  even years after the crimes were committed  is critical to   
 icymi  rep  tulsi gabbard hosts maui congress on your corner  honors vietnam veterans at the 5th annual vietnam vete…
delaney votes for national defense authorization bill  ndaa 
the  nra has such a tight grip on republican necks that lawmakers in florida looked parkland survivors in the fac…
chief of staff of the  jctgov tom barthold joined me and close to 100 tax professionals in springfield today for a…
  realdonaldtrump wants to use our troops to advance his extreme anti-immigrant agenda  while wasting time  resourc…
rt  repadamschiff  with the failure to pass an immigration bill in the senate today  and time running out before the president starts depor…
is this an example of  realdonaldtrump  draining the swamp  
the news that the emerald ash borer has spread to vermont is no surprise  but devastating nonetheless  i joined…
great spending time today at central island healthcare  where i learned about  call9medical -- technology that is t…
such an honor to have the community of orlando police on capitol hill  thank you all for your service 
rep   pattiberi & i sit together on the ways and means committee and serve as co-chairs of the italian-american con…
the chemical attack on innocent civilians in douma  syria cannot be tolerated  the targeting of families  women  an…
i am truly inspired by the  march for our lives  protests against gun violence taking place across the country and…
proud to have passed bipartisan female veteran suicide prevention act to address rise in women vet suicide rates prevent vet suicide
thank you   mafelancherosa-- my immigration liaison extraordinaire -- for attending this important  crsa_georgia ev…
glad the omnibus spending bill includes additional funding to improve broadband access & help broadcasters better c…
on holocaust remembrance day  we remember the persecution and murder of millions of innocent jewish people  after th…
my full interview with  cnn  situationroom  wolfblitzer yesterday 
the chairman of the joint chiefs of staff general joseph dunford reiterated that  iran is not in material breach of…
i thank christy goldsmith romero   sigtarp  and everyone on her team for responding to repeated calls for accountability and justice 
deeply troubling assessment by  nsagov director rogers  i ve voted to strengthen sanctions against russia and it s…
yesterday  i met with the members of the  southerncroppa to discuss finding the proper balance of regulation and fr…
have you seen the new gop hashtag  it s quite a doozy  releasethememononotthatmemointheinterestoffulltransparency…
rt  kupunaadvocate  mahalo  repmarktakai for helping hi s 154 000 caregivers by co-sponsoring the raise act  aarphawaii  aarp2016 
the g o p tax scam would explode the deficit to  1 5 trillion to give tax cuts to the wealthiest americans leaving our…
the decision to add a citizenship question to the 2020 census will have long-lasting consequences for cities & sta…
 let s face it  there is no planet b…and i m sure  one day  the united states will come back and join the paris agr…
team m l g spent time at the  nuclearmuseum learning more about micro net solutions inc during  sandialab s science & t…
michael flynn has admitted to communicating with the russian government  under instruction from president trump s t…
my statement on president trump s refusal to comply with the terms of the iran deal 
i m thrilled to welcome leo salinas chacón  a  uofl student and daca recipient  as my guest for next week s state o…
well  life is funny  and laughing rocks
new location  get help with federal agencies at mobile office hours  wednesday  may 9th  1 00-2 30pm  at acacia libr…
rt  repcardenas  house republican leadership isn t moving fast enough on the dream act  so we  hispaniccaucus went to the senate 
black women won t achieve equal pay until 2124  equal pay day
thank you  useeoc acting chair victoria lipnic for complimenting my work as a former chair of the eeoc during the w…
my office knows firsthand the importance of hbcus and the importance of providing a quality education to everyone…
rt  cnntonight  the state of the union  trump and race   donlemon hosts a special conversation with congressional black caucus members  rep…
rt  flysjc  thanks  repzoelofgren &  repmikehonda for  15m grant to enhance security & aircraft parking areas   kcbsnews report 
in wake of c awildfires  this is in very poor taste
c b c demands justice tune in tomorrow 
great to have our friends from  wnyalz visit the office this week  the work of  alzassociation and ambassadors lik…
today is the last day for nebraska to register to vote  make sure your voice is represented on november 8th   ne02 
honored to attend the 25th annual kaleidoscope of fashions presented by the gamma upsilon omega chapter of alpha ka…
icymi  in december i led efforts to add language in the appropriations bill which helped make this possible   ne02 
happy birthday   nikiinthehouse  appreciate all you do for our country s veterans and service members 
chief dev  officer maggie nichols discusses  jrchbuffalony s excitement to be a part of the revitalization of the b…
i can t say it enough  tax cuts don t pay for themselves  the gop s balanced budget amendment is just another remin…
 sotu  the african american unemployment rate is twice that of white americans  what is donald trump doing to create…
on national coming out day be an ally to people living openly as their authentic selves and celebrate the pride of l g b t q history month 
my bill would amend the tax code to allow school buildings to qualify for a tax credit that s aimed at fixing their…
  epascottpruitt is putting dirty polluters ahead of people s health  he s also wasting taxpayer s hard-earned doll…
today is the last day of open enrollment so do your part  take care of yourself  take care of your family  sign up…
happy military appreciation month  thank you to the brave men and women in uniform for your service to our country …
it s time to send a clear message on the 2020 census that everyone counts  an undercount will hurt people in red st…
just announced at  dpc18   delaware pathways  which provides high school & postsecondary students with the opportuni…
i want to wish all the mothers out there a happy mothers day but this one goes out to my beautiful mom mrs  christi…
as we reflect on the 50th anniversary of dr  king s assassination  we must recognize that his movement lives on as…
promesa fue aprobado con el apoyo de 68 senadores 
congrats to the john muir conservation award recipients  who work to protect ecosystems in ca & around the globe  a…
rt  amarch4ourlives  3/24 was only the beginning
tune into  cspanwj now  i ll be discussing the latest on trump s foreign policy mess including russia …
rt  energycommerce  the american people have lost faith in the epa  more than 130 members support a resolution that calls for  epascottprui…
a mind to vote   congrats  
  realdonaldtrump is continuing his assault on refugees and immigrants by deciding to end temporary protective stat…
i visited city council meetings in ferndale  madison heights  eastpointe  roseville  & warren to discuss the recent…
nh can lead country out of the opioid crisis but people on the frontlines need the necessary resources to tackle th…
  usgao report should open the eyes of  betsydevosed to the reality our black students face  disproportionate punis…
end gun violence
i am heartbroken by the passing of my good friend and colleague louise slaughter  louise was brilliant and effectiv…
senate must pass my hot cars act now  the longer we wait  the more children we will lose  we can save many babies f…
it was great to meet with a group of dreamers from norco college earlier this week   speakerryan  now is the perfe…
reminder  calling on all business and restaurant owners in laredo  join us for dhs image and i-9 workshops april 23…
great news  we secured funding to build new  azvets veterans homes  including in flagstaff and yuma  we won t stop…
grateful for  cecilerichards s service and leadership of  ppfa  she s been an incredible defender of women s rights…
federal programs  like medicaid  medicare  and coverage through the affordable care act  are critical to ensuring a…
rt  thehill  dem lawmaker  trump tweet saying schiff  must be stopped  is  an embarrassment on the international stage 
we must invest in programs to create the next generation of cyber warriors  if we don t  we will never catch up 
heartbreaking to hear about passing of  wbznewsradio reporter lana jones who covered important stories about…
tomorrow  i will be holding a public forum at  usjct at 4 pm to discuss expanding national service programs  and mo…
connecticut over party
happy birthday indiana  otd in 1816  indiana was admitted as the 19th state in our union  for additional informatio…
join team titus at the family resource fair from 2-7pm at cambridge community center 
rt  dstinc1913  rep  marcia fudge  oh-11  will appear in studio with fellow cbc members on cnn tonight with don lemon to discuss president…
 bhm  spotlight  at the height of american jim crow segregation  in 1908 jack johnson became the first african ameri…
happy mother s day 
visiting  upperbaycouns to learn first-hand from those living the opioidcrisis in md02  funding resources must be…
when i was mayor about 24 yrs ago  i installed the new chief of the glen cove fire department  last night i attende…
get ready america  house gop making a play to help trump fire deputy ag rod rosenstein and derail mueller investiga…
today the house passed the faa reauthorization act  which included provisions to reduce noise pollution as well as…
women shouldn t have to work more than three months extra to make the same as a man doing the same job  i m proud t…
i give credit to  secpompeo   this administration on securing the release and safe return of the 3 korean-americans…
rt  fkwang  california gov signs law to address muslim  sikh  south asian american bullying  sikh_coalition  sikhpr…
i believe that everyone deserves access to nutritious and healthy food  and i will work alongside my colleagues on…
rt  senatordurbin  trying to review the g o p tax scam but they are making hand-written changes to brand new text as we speak – can anyone els…
all vets should get the opportunity to visit the memorials that celebrate their service  shout out to…
so great to get to meet with young people 
how can amazon avoid paying taxes 
rt  ufwupdates  honor cesar chavez s birthday by supporting the farm workers for whom he gave his life we feed you  ufwf
happy new year and wishing you all the best in 2017  thanks again for your support and friendship  & i look forward to seeing you around sb 
honored to be recognized for founding & hosting cbcf alc annual veterans braintrust for 20 yrs  cbcfalc2016 
i m sorry to miss  senwhitehouse s 11th annual veterans breakfast and resource fair w/  rivetsdirector kasim yarn …
animals breed  humans do not  trump s comment about sanctuary cities is another racist insult designed to distrac…
veterans town hall
rt  repespaillat  thank you  repeliotengel  hfacdemocrats for supporting today s semana dominicana dominican week bringing small business o…
great to meet with ct advocates from  alsact in dc today  they are on the hill today to discuss the priorities of t…
thank you to everyone who came out to share your thoughts at my community forums in duvall and carnation today  i a…
thanks to adileen for being an excellent representative to wisconsin students  it was great to meet with you …
the gop tax plan is tired and cruel 
rt  kasie  if you have a moment  please watch -- i ve covered two presidential campaigns and more congressional races than i can count  but…
rt  nccourts  many organizations around the nation and our state are planning  bell ringings  and other community remembrances on april 4th…
wrong  senate republicans blocked president obama s nominees  including jurists like chief judge garland for…
enjoying the crucian festival j ouvert this morning in frederiksted town  festivalfever   saint…
the anniversary of his death should also serve as a day to spark dialogue and action that will continue dr  king s…
kicking off the m v teen summit  happy to see so many of you here   tx33 
this earthday and always i remain committed to fighting climate change and leaving a clean environment for future…
 nofearnofavors4 please contact my office at 502-582-5129 
 otd  40 yrs ago  pres  jimmy carter signed the food & ag  act  which created the food stamp program to reduce pover…
eight years ago today  president  barackobama signed the affordable care act into law  aca protects nc families fro…
if you have a pre-existing condition  the graham cassidy bill could mean insurance can be priced out of your reach 
we also asked not to increase spending on deportation  detention or increased border militarization  it is long pas…
honored to accept the endorsement of boston mayor marty walsh today and thanks to everyone who joined us  together…
wishing sikh americans a very happy vaisakhi  honored to recognize this important celebration and salute all that…
rt  adamparkhomenko  white house official kelly sadler on john mccain re  haspel nomination   he s dying anyway  where s the outrage  or i…
right now  you can still apply to renew your daca  if you meet the requirements to apply for daca renewal  you shou…
rt  ncbrt  thanks to nicole reyes-palma with  repstephmurphy orlando district office for visiting our critical decision making for complex…
rt  billpascrell  about  1 6 trillion of the g o p tax scam law will go right into the pockets of the big corporations and top 1 percent  can…
dec  11th is the last day to apply for federal disaster relief if you were affected by the oct wildfires  follow l…
main take away from a year of trump  the only major bill passed by the gop is a g o p tax scam that raises taxes on the…
rt  trmmovement   nowthisnews  pramilajayapal  repjayapal is one of our best reps 
walking to the rules committee now to consider  housegop s latest anti-choice legislation which would shame and sca…
i posted a new photo to facebook
the trump administration s roll back of offshore drilling regulations  mixed with its expansion of drilling sites …
america  what you just witnessed  w/ what may be one of the largest organized rallies this country has ever experie…
the 5th circuit court has overstepped its bounds  costing working americans billions in lost retirement savings  i…
i thought you d never ask   kpcc  i ve heard the residents of the gateway cities loud & clear-- they want this ligh…
today w/  joaquincastrotx we re asking sec  of state tillerson to explain why the  statedept has yet to enact cong…
great point  rep  gowdy  what is trump and his team hiding  what are they so afraid of 
i was honored to present glastonbury resident  madison henry with the silver congressional award yesterday  it was…
i m speaking about this in the next 10-15 minutes  head over to my facebook page for more 
and still  we hope 
rt  joaquincastrotx  reminder  all haitian & salvadoran  tps  beneficiaries must re-register via  uscis by monday  march 19th to maintain…
now that he s out of office   potus s former hhs secretary tom price admits that repealing the individual mandate w…
the omnibus includes  30 million in grants for collaborative partnerships and research to address coastal resilienc…
rt  sahilkapur  rep  blake farenthold scored  2 14 million in federal money for a project in his home state  then he resigned in disgrace a…
the numerous ethics scandals surrounding  epascottpruitt and documented retaliation against employees who spoke up…
rt  repeliotengel  happy to announce with my colleagues  nitalowey and  repseanmaloney  3 6 million in new federal funds for buses in west…
rt  dsolisagecon  2018 farm bill is important for  famu_1887 as a  1890landgrant univesity  these are some of the program at  famu  funded b…
despite overwhelming bipartisan support to fix  daca   congressional leadership has not brought a bill up for a vote…
rt  hispaniccaucus  on this day  we celebrate the contributions and work of césar chávez  a patriot who spent his life shining a light on t…
honored to speak to valerie zamarripa  the mother of fallen  dallaspd officer patrick zamarripa who was killed in l…
rt  naea  the naea studio & gallery is showcasing virginia congressman don beyer s 8th district national art competition  one outstanding w…
very fortunate to spend the morning visiting with the caretakers of the 1 718 acre mokio preserve on molokai we le…
 shallow understanding from people of good will is more frustrating than absolute misunderstanding from people of i…
as we head into a consequential year with americans going to the polls  we cannot lose sight of dr  martin luther k…
yesterday  i had the honor to welcome community leaders and activists to the 2018 naacp freedom fund dinner  new aw…
yes  it is unconscionable that the house gop has refused to pass these basic protections against domestic violence  ask julia  ca26 
despite overwhelming support for a  daca  solution  the house has not been allowed to vote on this issue  i m proud…
i m at the rules cmte calling out  housegop s 5th short term solution for funding the government since september  f…
twenty-five years after the fmla was signed  people need paidleave  and a national plan like the f a m i l y act would…
rt  knegandhiespn  since the  eagles won the super bowl   sixers  7-0    1st 7-game win streak since 2009  nhlflyers  9-0-1    their 19 p…
i m on the floor with  nancypelosi to support finding a solution for  daca  recipients  we must protect d r e a mers 
rt  housedemocrats   we know the security of the american family starts with the ability to access affordable  quality healthcare  no one…
great news   usedgov and  deptvetaffairs will be teaming up to notify disabled vets of their eligibility for studen…
 realdonaldtrump praises our military but cuts programs veterans depend on  both are important   sotu 
our thoughts and prayers are with the families of the two fishermen whose bodies were recovered today off of nantucket 
rt  titanadvocates  excited to host titan alum  reploucorrea s young congressional leaders program this morning with a focus on higher educ…
 nowthisnews first58
republicans and democrats agree— it s time to find a legislative solution for dreamers  despite this  the house ha…
 jeff_feldman  jamesmartinsj thank you jeff for making me aware of this  what a wonderful story and such a testament to our country 
it s time to empower a generation of americans & make sure they have the tools & education to build a better future…
today  i cosponsored a resolution in the house calling for polluting pruitt s immediate resignation  his unethical…
click the link to view my message for black history month 2018  black history month  bhm2018 
rt  loyolachicago  chicago lights up the skyline in loyola chicago maroon and gold in honor of  ramblersmbb march madness run  🙌 onward l u…
i voted no on the 3-week government funding bill today because it provides no concrete solution to protect dreamers…
thanks to  iambiotech for recognizing our work supporting az companies on the cutting edge of scientific and medica…
congratulations to the country s only african-american owned christian television network — the impact christian tv…
just a reminder that i ll be holding three town hall meetings this week  all start at 6 pm  please join me  more at…
this veterans day  i want your help recognizing past & present service members  send their name & address to carson…
settled climate science isn t up for debate  we must take action now 
the night before his death  in what would be his last sermon at memphis s mason temple  he told those assembled to…
we must allow special counsel mueller to complete this thorough and independent investigation 
rt  bergencountyso  sheriff saudino joined congressman josh gottheimer  dean of the school of pharmacy at fdu & the mom of a student that l…
hard to believe it s been eight years since the deepwater horizon disaster  we must protect america s artic  atlant…
rt  repdinatitus  proud to stand with  reptimwalz   reploucorrea  and our nation s veterans to introduce the va medicinal cannabis researc…
teachers  students  moms and dads across the country are begging us to take action  they re begging us to give them…
talk to anyone in my district  we need jobs  we need education  we need infrastructure  everything else depends…
scott pruitt must go 
she was a consistent voice on anti-discrimination efforts  a leader in the fight for accessible and affordable heal…
this headline says it all  g o p tax scam
joining  habitatpinellas in push to build local  strengthening our neighborhoods starts at home 
when tax day comes around  our service members & their loved ones deserve peace of mind  proud to intro the…
rt  energycommerce  flint families are still using filters and bottled water  in the richest country in the world  that is completely unacc…
it is time for congress to take action and pass common-sense gun legislation  these tragedies are preventable  we m…
today marks 8 years since we passed the affordable care act  millions of americans now have access to affordable  q…
 reminder   the gulf oil spill happened 8 years ago today - killing 11 people & contaminating the ocean with 3 millio…
photo of the day 
dr  king understood that justice often depends on dissent  that no power can be great if it remains unchallenged an…
facebook must be held accountable for its unauthorized sharing of 50 million americans  personal data  that s why r…
on e i t c awareness day  help  irs  put money in the pockets of working americans who are eligible …
rt  repadamschiff  there is no law enforcement or other legitimate basis for separating children from their parents at the border  it is si…
  realdonaldtrump  we demand an end to this cultureof corruption 
today is world a i d s day  across the globe  36 7 million people are living with hiv  in 2016  there were 982 new diag…
by combining federal and state expertise  the southwest border regional commission will leverage public and private…
live on periscope  live interview with neil cavuto on fox business to bring some fair and balance 
rt  reptimwalz  2 million people will have their access to food threatened if the  housegop passes their hyper-partisan farm bill  that s…
had a great mtg just now w/ local cub scouts lobbying for the establishment of the american museum of women s histo…
sadly  and on some occasions  the immediate response when you see black men or black people  is to stereotype and d…
to learn more about these benefits or to find out if you qualify for the tax credit  please contact  uwpassaic at
small businesses play a crucial role in stimulating our economy and even account for 62% of net new jobs …
great day in tuscaloosa  honored to meet with mayor maddox and the tuscaloosa city council  tuscaloosa
rt  columbuscouncil  are you ready to get financially fit   wsyx6 jobs bootcamp is today at the grandview yard grand event center from 11am…
pleased to report that my bipartisan legislation to improve landline service quality in rural america was signed in…
rt  time  rep  mike honda  who lived through japanese internment camp  condemns talk of immigrant registry
i don t know what days and weeks ahead will bring but i will do everything that i can to make sure your voice is heard irepresentallofyou
the parade act makes sure that  potus does not take his personal feuds with authoritarian leaders from twitter onto…
rt  edworkforcedems  lilly ledbetter  known for her landmark pay discrimination case  is a tireless advocate for gender equality & closing…
she rock she rock of minneapolis  empowering women and girls to rock   
 otd  1950  gwendolyn brooks  a highly influential  and widely read poet of 20th-century american poetry became the…
my team and i getting trained on how to stop bleeding in an emergency situation by american college of surgeons  to…
more of my thoughts here 
to this very day  experts and allies agree that the agreement was working to prevent iran from obtaining nuclear weapons 
rt  rephuffman  i intro d a resolution w   repmarkpocan   repzoelofgren &  eleanornorton to designate may 3rd as a national day of reason t…
we should seek veritable freeze north koprea s nuke and missile  programs   which the  latimes story says is being…
reminder  town hall meeting in macon tonight  i look forward to seeing everyone at  cgtc from 5 30pm-7 30pm
today the senate will vote on a tax bill that is still being written behind closed doors  has not been scored  and…
had the pleasure of meeting w/ eaglesin d c to discuss how we can let national service soar  for every  1 invested in…
you know that republicans are leading all three investigations  right 
rt  senatorreid  a statement from the family of  senatorreid
the rescissions package proposed by the  whitehouse & congressional republicans is another example of their hypocri…
after a great listening session at the  mcmillanlibrary in wisconsin rapids  i got the chance to see the largest so…
enough is enough  lgbtq leaders & gun violence prevention advocates agree  it s time to act  disarm hate
check out what folks are saying about our bipartisan  yes  i said bipartisan  health care plan ⬇️
fitting that 57 years after new hampshire s alan shepard became the first american to travel into space  nasa launc…
plus  we re taking additional steps to ensure that the veterans peer counseling program includes a sufficient numbe…
rt  waysmeanscmte  has the tax law caused workers  wages to increase   the latest jobs data suggest wage gains aren t any bigger than the…
there is nothing small about the impact of small biz on the north jersey economy  in congress  i am dedicated to en…
in the richest country on earth  we should not have millions who struggle to keep a roof over their head  our homes our voices cuts hurt
rt  thehill  dem hits trump   making america hate again won t make america great 
very exciting news from  humanesociety  i often hear from  md02  constituents about animal rights  and i want you to…
rt  officialcbc  on march 19  the cbc hosted a special order hour on the house floor about the contributions african-american women have ma…
perhaps most concerning is  realdonaldtrump s contempt for the rule of law  his actions continue to threaten the in…
to all dreamers  right now  you can still apply to renew your daca  if you meet the requirements to apply for daca…
the student non-discrimination act will put an end to discrimination in schools based on sexual orientation or gend…
the fiduciary rule protects consumers  plain & simple  it gives hardworking americans the dignity of a secure retir…
rt  nimhdirector  discussed suicide prevention  integrated care & smi with mental health caucus today  thanks   repjohnkatko  gracenapolita…
i will continue to fight for strong netneutrality protections so that my constituents and all americans can have a…
i m joining  cspanwj tomorrow at 7 30 am et/4 30 am pt to discuss syria  comey  cohen and other news of the day  i…
ca is stronger because we welcome immigrants who want nothing more than to work hard  respect america and build a b…
don t forget to vote for your favorite piece in rep  tulsi gabbard s kaha kiʻi congressional art competition now th…
my colleagues and i have discovered that the extent of scott pruitt s flagrant disregard for ethical standards is e…
i am once again horrified and sickened by yet another massacre at an american school  this is at least the 18th sch…
rt  repespaillat  today i joined  repjoseserrano and  yourvoiceatirs for a taxpayer information program to discuss the major changes in ta…
the trump administration seems to be in the business of siding with lobbyists and wall street  not main street  thi…
whether in the senate or house g o prepeal is still bad for our health  bad for our economy & will cost taxpayers ev…
a las 4 15 comenzará la conf de prensa sobre las recomendaciones reveladas por task force promesa  estaremos en vivo a través de fb live 
we ve made incredible progress in defeating hiv/aids  but the fight is not over  this national black hiv/aids aware…
 colls_hs  haddonfieldhs  hhgarnets  audubon_nj  chhseast  cherryhillwest  chpstweets  erhsactivities…
to all those gathering around the seder table for passover  chag sameach 
thx to loophole in tax code millionaires don t pay their fair share  but social security is paying the price  1/2 
rt  chriscaya    repbrianhiggins ahead of skyway rehab calls on new york state dot to synchronize traffic signals on south park ave and oth…
rt  repandrecarson  today i stood at the supreme court to say no muslim ban ever
rt  repjohnyarmuth  just like trumpcare & the g o p tax scam before it  the trump budget will force america s working families to pay the pric…
rt  hcpsocal  thank you  congressmanruiz for your support of community health centers   healthplusadv  hcadvocacy  mountainhealth_
rt  repjudychu  we should not be using taxpayer money to deceive women  these  crisis pregnancy centers  should be ended  we should be usin…
great time at  njea legislative conference this afternoon  all our children deserve access to a quality education …
big news    the fec just voted to allow candidates for federal office to use privately-raised campaign funds to aff…
in 1953  african americans living in baton rouge came together in an eight-day boycott to protest segregated seatin…
i m voted against the g o p tax scam conference report because it hikes taxes on 86 million middle-class families  tak…
mahalo for visiting with us  it was a pleasure meeting ambassador  b_bowoleksono we really enjoyed the discussion a…
need college financial aid  cash for college workshop tomorrow at monterey trail high school in elk grove from 6 00…
my congressional art competition is on display  warwickmall  join me today for the awards ceremony from 1 to 3 p m 
8 years ago today  millions of gallons of crude oil gushed into the gulf of mexico  causing lasting harm to wildlif…
thanks to a  hudgov grant  the city of omaha and  ohka1 partnered to fix lead hazards and mold in the ortega s home…
rt  reppeterdefazio  wall street is gearing up for another party over the still-unreleased trump infrastructure scam  instead  we should be…
rt  wiczipedia  just tuned into today s zuck hearings   repeliotengel asking the right questions- does fb s algorithm detect and suppress h…
rt  ianbremmer  pax americana is over  the next chapter of america s role in the world is still being written   repjoekennedy and i on th…
    and  consequently  that drives up the cost for other folks in that market   - former hhs secretary price 
rt  oversightdems  the reverend martin luther king  jr  once quoted a statement that said   a time comes when silence is betrayal   if we r…
testifying at house appropriations committee urging my colleagues to continue funding for afg and safer grants for…
rt  oversightdems  just in  top dems request info from pentagon on reports that manafort promised army secretary job to banker who loaned h…
bilingual keyboard  gracias  apple  es genial  😎📲👍🏼
after blowing a  2 trillion deficit hole in our budget with their gold-plated tax scam  gop leaders now ask for a b…
  ricadv s deborah debare has dedicated her career to protecting & supporting victims of domestic violence  i wish…
i joined  psetalk yesterday to see their baker river hydroelectric project and talk about ways to continue developi…
on international holocaust rememberance day  we remember the six million jewish men  woman & children who were murder…
it was an honor to walk with  tougaloocollege s class of 1968 during our golden anniversary  it was truly special t…
community development block grants are the indispensable  flexible tool for local governments to execute projects a…
trump s decision does not project smart and strong leadership  it projects small and weak leadership from a man tha…
i am outraged at the pace and magnitude of support to the island  we must help our fellow americans  2/8
students should not have to learn how to avoid an ar-15 s bullets before they learn algebra  congress s silence wil…
their representatives and employees must be trained and sensitized so the intolerable behavior at  starbucks does n…
wisconsinites  don t wait until december 15th  visit to enroll today 
 potus in other words  this policy would have barred entry to his mother  and w/o his immigrant  low-wage mother …
had a great time at today s iowa corn  indycar race in newton  must keep fighting for a strong  rfs  
i applaud  scotus  decision to deny guns to domestic abusers  it s time republicans stop blocking  housedemocrats efforts to end gun violence
 icymi  remarks opposing hr 3823  which fails to help americans in tx  usvi  & puerto rico obtain help they deserve …
last month  i participated in the civil rights pilgrimage with martin luther king iii  juanita abernathy …
it s national retirement planning week & it s never too soon to take action to better your future  start planning t…
deadline  residents of 8 ga counties must register with  fema by march 27 for disaster assistance  to learn more 
i wonder if trump will call putin to congratulate him on the fact that the house intelligence committee just closed…
we almost always disagreed  but on one issue  speakerryan & i saw eye to eye  he voted for my bill that passed the…
last year  steve filed his taxes in march  well ahead of the filing deadline  he was owed a substantial tax refund …
advice to  potus 45 from the rev  dr  martin luther king  jr  on what it means to make america great   mlk50memphis…
at approximately 145pm i ll be joining  chrisjansing on  msnbc to discuss scott pruitt s extreme agenda & abuse of…
the  fcc took away a free and open internet  i am supporting legislation that will bring net neutrality back …
today  houseforeign passed my amdmt to help ensure persons with disabilities have access to electoral systems arou…
north korea will continue to develop nukes and missiles  just suspend tests  must ratchet up sanctions soon unless…
our april town hall is right around the corner -- next monday  april 2nd at 2pm  hope you can come out and share yo…
gun reform now
we re announcing a new initiative tracey s leading to promote a culture of commitment to delaware s children …
president trump has dreams of a grand transformation of our nation s infrastructure  but when it comes to the…
when women make history  america moves forward   repmarcykaptur has blazed a trail for women from all walks of lif…
great training seminar on our new groundbreaking environmental messaging experiment led by environmental   
i wish everyone observing passover a wonderful celebration with family  friends and loved ones 
are you a veteran looking for a job   ri_dlt &  osdri_vets are hosting an event today at the warwick vet center fr…
rep  cicilline is hosting a senior resources fair in east providence on may 3rd at 6pm  additional details are avai…
there is no excuse to underfund social security - it provides the foundation of economic security 
nationally  black women who work in full-time jobs make only 64 cents for every dollar a white man makes  2/
rt  foxbusiness    repgaramendi on iran nuclear deal   we have to stay in it  
honored to receive the historic preservation award from the bowne house historical society  the bowne house  locate…
this debate was from 2015  we were right then  and we are right now  the opioid epidemic has only gotten worse  it …
rt  repcummings  it s time to send a clear message on the 2020 census that everyone counts  an undercount will hurt people in red states to…
 rcmhere  chrisinsilico you re too kind 
rt  barackobama  billy graham was a humble servant who prayed for so many - and who  with wisdom and grace  gave hope and guidance to gener…
i posted a new photo to facebook
i had the opportunity to have an engaging conversation this afternoon w/  onabapayab  a young afghan woman who was…
great work from  lolgop  this is how we fight big money and fix our democracy 
happy teacher appreciation week to all of the teachers in wisconsin and across the country  the lasting differences…
it would be hard to figure out who is responsible for the shutdown  unless someone involved said  our country needs…
the bi-partisan companion bill in the house that i introduced with  jacksonleetx18  repcohen should similarly be co…
thank you  theaccdn for doing the right thing by pulling out of nc  it s time to repeal  hb2  
today is constitution day2016 and i ve got my pocket version close by 
looks like  realdonaldtrump is finally waking up to the reality of russian meddling in the 2016 elections  what too…
thank you & congrats to our  cbcfinc spring 2018 communications intern mr  trey young  treyyoung1123 for coming in…
more than 80% of nutrition assistance goes to households that include a child  a senior  or person with a disabilit…
some 800k  daca  recipients are today vital members of our communities and economy  they are as american as any of us – except for paperwork 
 corporations bought back shares  a few gave out bonuses  there s no evidence whatsoever that the money s been mass…
it s long past time the irs got rid of their fax machines &  60s it systems and entered the digital age  i joined…
the president is publicly humiliating his own un ambassador to avoid upsetting putin  this has real consequences  w…
rt  repraulgrijalva  you can findyourpark all across the us  go to & help  natlparkservice celebrate 100 years  ht…
i congratulate the port of indiana-burns harbor for successfully obtaining this federal grant  these federal funds…
 thestreet
rt  onenorthside  thank you  repschakowsky for coming to and speaking at our people s hearing on housing  housing emergency
rt  whiphoyer  our military includes many transgender americans who have volunteered to risk their lives & we need their talents & service …
calling back some of the constituents who have contacted our office concerned about president trump s recent musing…
our final e3 summit panel is focused on expanding access to pre-k in our communities  early education provides chil…
rt  nacotweets  thank you  call_me_dutch and  judgecarter for discussing the importance of bipartisan collaboration with county associatio…
a nomination to such a prestigious award as the nobel peace prize should not be a partisan gaming opportunity 
proud to celebrate 5 years of the congressional hellenic israel alliance  great to see so many advocates in dc to s…
about to go live with  tuckercarlson on  foxnews to discuss the mueller investigation  tune in 
rt  usgsvolcanoes  new maps of eruptive fissures as of 6am hst may 6  blue lines are likely paths for lava flows if and when lava moves dow…
arbor day is an opportunity to recognize the importance of trees to healthy air  lands and waters  protecting the w…
a government shutdown is beyond irresponsible  while gop leaders scramble to find a solution  the u s  stands to l…
our communities are stronger when we work together 
the extreme bigotry of  realdonaldtrump continues with the new transban policy  so does his cowardice  with a fri…
trump just made it harder for women to get birthcontrol  this is another attack on women s health  handsoffmy b c
the april congress on your corner schedule is now available  stops this month include  buffalo  north tonawanda  n…
thank you  senschumer  this is long overdue  nevada s recreational marijuana market is already in the hundreds of m…
rt  cnnsitroom  rep  lieu  if president trump fired sessions or mueller   that would be obstruction of justice … i think people would take…
final call for the congressional art competition  high schoolers in the 7th district have until friday  april 6th a…
looking forward to seeing  conorlambpa on the ballot again in november  pennsylvania voters sent conor to washingto…
seriously  these people are the definition of deplorable   deserving censure or contempt   thanks  merriamwebster  …
mark zuckerberg s first appearance before congress is next week  he ll testify to  energycommerce about  facebook s…
the application process is time consuming  confusing & not in spanish  it has been over 7 weeks since the funding w…
thank you to  defenders for a 100% on their 2017 conservation report card  proud to work in congress to protect our…
today we remember the sacrifices of those who marched across this bridge for their right to vote  even in the face…
57% of teens worry a shooting will happen at their school  high school is hard enough  worrying about being shot in…
i m participating in the  officialcbc trumpcare  twitter town hall on 7/26  use the hashtag c b c on healthcare to as…
april 14 will mark 1460 days since boko haram abducted 276 schoolgirls  112 are still missing   bbog 
rt  cspanbus  congratulations to  studentcam winner alex selwyn from palo alto high school in  cityofpaloalto  you did a wonderful job on y…
the president s attacks on the department of justice grow more paranoid by the day  the case for obstruction of jus…
rt  heardonthehill  today s take five is with  cbrangel
rt  michelleertel  tune in at 8 p m  to hear me and these fine fellows talk about the  sotu    dickjbatchelor  patrickmurphyfl  alangrayson…
actually  some of us have wanted to fund community health centers all along  unfortunately  republican leadership…
  facebook is becoming a self-regulated superstructure for political discourse  the key question is  are we  the pe…
today is  natljumpstart f l hill day2018  see you there    
thank you for your leadership  let s finish the job 
rt  housedemocrats  7 000 children have lost their lives to gun violence since sandy hook  how many more must we lose before congress takes…
rt  daniellamicaela  eva malecki  the communications director for us capitol police  just told me there are no restrictions for sledding on…
a1  we must make sure america has the strong public health infrastructure we need to reduce preventable illnesses a…
i m pleased that  potus has signed the fight online sex trafficking act  further protecting survivors from sex traf…
rt  abc  education sec  betsy devos slammed by lawmaker for not committing to meet with parkland students this friday   i think we understa…
mahalo to will cole of  staradvertiser for his coverage of my amendment to the  ndaa  for  pmrf  aegis ashore
we must protect access to a free and open internet  this is not a privilege  it is a right  save the internet
rt  teamsters688  share if you agree  vote no on prop a
visit the downtown cleveland public library  to see this beautiful portrait featuring my dear friend stephanie tubb…
rt  officialcbc  cbc chairman  reprichmond signs our 1 300-page jobs and justice act of 2018 after a press conference on thursday  may 10  2…
it is also a painful reminder that the legal precedent upholding their imprisonment  and the instinct to violate th…
rt  apta_transit  congratulations to friend of transit  repbonnie watson coleman on one of her infrastructure security bills being sent to…
this exceptional young man came to my office with the nothing but nets campaign to fight for children around the wor…
the evidence of trump corruption is so great you need a life preserver to wade through it  and  housegop shielding…
as we know in the san joaquin valley  we can have an impact on veterans homelessness if we work together  that s wh…
rt  hillaryclinton  john mccain is as tough as they come  thinking of john  cindy  their wonderful children  & their whole family tonight 
huh  interesting  i m on the house intel committee and this is the first i ve seen of this one pager  and its concl…
i m so proud of the students in our community who stood up and spoke out today to make their voices heard in the fi…
all americans should have access to fair and equal legal representation  no matter their income level  funding…
rt  necouncil  great crowd at  attforum to hear from  repjoekennedy at this morning s capital conversations breakfast   att
  potus plan to downgrade the  copsoffice is a mistake  our bipartisan letter cosigned by 135 members is but first…
great having a chance to talk with  baylor president dr   lindallivings at the capitol this afternoon 
incredible to be in the presence of so many of our heroes and heroines and honor our veterans in town for the wound…
today my staff is in tuba city to assist with issues you may be having with medicare  social security  veterans ben…
a lot to discuss with  wolfblitzer tonight  more pruitt misdeeds  trump s va nominee is in trouble  and the preside…
rt  wabenews  rep  john lewis meets ga  constituents at meet-and-greet
happy halloween to everyone in  ne02   i hope you all have a fun and safe evening trick or treating 
shocker 1  it s looking more and more like  realdonaldtrump s  forgotten men and women of our country  won t be he…
at an  energycommerce hearing today on electric transmission infrastructure i thanked a group of my constituents -…
 amybiggsmath302  murraystateuniv found her  she s a powerful advocate for the importance of undergraduate research…
rt  nytimes  the plan by the two senators would fund the subsidies that president trump said he would cut off
keep your eyes safe during today s eclipse2017  make sure you have the proper eye protection and don t look direct…
 edwardjgraham1
rising drug costs have real implications for working families  a  kaiserfamfound survey found that about a quarter…
i signed & helped send letter pushing for dueprocess protections in dhs no fly list 
last month  i held a series of wa-02 transportation roundtables to hear more about local projects & needs…
rt  eilperin    senatorcarper  senwhitehouse  repcummings  gerryconnolly  repdonbeyer note as of march  17  pruitt s office was not cleared…
congratulations   kelly4southrnil  a navy veteran  brendan is part of a new generation of leaders who will change w…
hey  realdonaldtrump - you can finally replace the fake  time cover photo at mar-a-lago with this one 
and that angers me  because nicole has not failed—nicole has become a part of a larger movement to change the conve…
america was built on the backs of african slaves who were brought to this country against their will  to now strip…
a special national service recognition day shout out to the 3 900  arizona  americorps and  seniorcorps members curre…
 the trump republican tax law abandons any pretense of concern about debt and shows how the real purpose of the bil…
in case you missed it  i joined other military veterans this week in calling on the president to end his reckless p…
student loan debt has skyrocketed to  1 5 trillion  it s outrageous that mick mulvaney is eliminating the office th…
rt  bpc_bipartisan  cell therapy is one of the most promising areas for new generation of groundbreaking treatments  repmikecoffman  repma…
thanks for coming by  always enjoy meeting with you all 
reminder  i ll be holding a telephone town hall tonight at 6 45 p m  pst for my constituents  tune in …
education secretary  betsydevosed has gutted the team investigating the abuses of for-profit colleges  she and…
rt  max_kalnitz  the veggie van provides cheap and easy access to fresh produce in underserved neighborhoods  ubspectrum  repbrianhiggins…
we owe it to wisconsinites like jessie and her daughter to stand up and protect their access to affordable health c…
more than half of guns used to commit crimes in chicago come from outside illinois  our common sense gun safety la…
dreamers serve in our military  teach in our schools and give back to our communities  so why won t  speakerryan l…
the reported chemical attack on a neighborhood of damascus is horrific  weapons of war should not be used on civili…
thanks to the canby rotary for having me today  it s a pleasure to talk with this group who is so dedicated to serv…
the partisan majority report is the result of gop hpsci members who refused to take this investigation seriously …
republicans hold the white house  the house and the senate  the trump shutdown proves one thing  republicans can t…
rt  repjimmygomez  i led 55 of my house colleagues in a letter to  dhsgov  secnielsen  urging her to renew  tps  for countless hondurans who…
 redtraccoon thank you for reaching out  i agree this is concerning  that s why i questioned secretary carson on th…
your voices continue to be heard  time for gop to work w/ dems on a bipartisan solution to healthcare graham cassidy
rt  hispaniccaucus  climatechange increases heat waves  severe storms  air pollution & the spread of disease  yet trump s  fema has stoppe…
rt  repesty  charlotte daniel rachel olivia josephine ana dylan dawn madeleine catherine chase jesse james grace anne emilie jack noah car…
rt  chrismurphyct  don t forget this  deficits go down under democratic administrations  stood at 3% of gdp at end of obama 8 yrs   balloon…
congratulations   asu class of 2018  we know you ll accomplish great things  a s ugrad
it s time for him to go  today  i joined  repdonbeyer and others in calling for his resignation 
deeply regrets picking the worst veep candidate sarah palen ever  not intellectually or ethically qualified for off…
open enrollment ends tonight  you only have until midnight to visit to buy or change your h…
republican leaders are trying to cut  7 billion from chip as part of their planned so-called  rescission package  …
rt  momsrising  we usually hear about  80¢ to  1  when talking about the wage gap  but it s much larger for women of color & moms equal pay…
rt  ussoccer_wnt  rt if this made you smile 😊
talking to erin burnett  outfrontcnn aboutcohen search warrants and the fallout that would ensue if  potus carries…
rt  housedemocrats  there s no plan et  b  earth day
it is long past time for gov  walker to end his ideological war on the aca & accept federal funding to expand badge…
federal fuel economy standards are predicted to save the average illinois household  2 200 between now and 2030 …
net neutrality is the key to preserving a free and open internet  while trump s fcc proposes to undermine the inter…
ensure that the highest wage earners pay their fair share  so the middle class doesn t have to subsidize their tax break anymore 
it was great to spend this afternoon at merced s m l k day celebration  let us remember dr  martin luther king jr  s m…
yesterday i had an opportunity to visit with the georgia  caresource leadership team and learn more about their inn…
it was a profound mistake to open the arctic national wildlife refuge to oil and gas drilling  now the administrati…
rt  momsdemand  thread  it s been five years since a gunman entered sandy hook school in newtown  connecticut  and stole the lives of 20 ch…
i strongly oppose the republican tax bill because it increases taxes on many local families to pay for huge giveaw…
thank you american immigration council  immcouncil for the recognition and the warm welcome this evening  together…
did you miss magic monday  this week i am joined by my good friend and colleague  repdinatitus  i hope you enjoy…
rt  davidgura  📺 with 22 days left until the march 5th  daca  deadline   reppeteaguilar will join me in the 2 00 p m  et hour on  msnbc  htt…
finishing up national nurses week  grateful to all of the nurses across the central coast of california who serve ou…
 repespaillat to host 2018 national summit of the league of dominican-american elected officials on saturday  may 1…
now these three remain  faith  hope and love  but the greatest of these is love  1 corinthians 13 13
best of luck to the team u s a athletes competing at pyeong chang2018   we are rooting for you  🇺🇸
congratulations to all of the  ga13  students who received congressional nominations at our annual military academy…
rt  aflcio  civil rights advocates sued the trump administration on tuesday over enforcement of the 50-year-old fair housing act 
my bill  hr 4041  would help protect all currently serving transgender troops from baseless separation from the ar…
i am pleased to recognize mr  roger dehart  a devoted public servant who is currently walking from fort lauderdale …
over 9 6 million floridians live in community associations  our office is looking forward to meeting with members f…
this week on bringyourdaughtertoworkday i met claire  a 3rd grader working as a reporter for the day  as a former…
we continue to take our country back one seat at a time a better deal
year after year  they have banned the centers for disease control and prevention  cdc  and other federal agencies f…
felicidades a antonio córdova  hudgov puerto rico por recibir premio de excelencia del secretario y premio de gerente del año  enhorabuena 
i m hosting two public events tomorrow to answer questions about the issues that are important to our community  re…
p s   usagsessions  will the federal gov t still accept federal tax payments from cannabis sales proceeds  marijuana thursday thoughts
the senate just took the first bipartisan step towards protecting mueller s investigation and the rule of law  when…
rt  repjohnlewis  if dr  martin luther king jr  was preaching today  he would be speaking the idea that we are one people  one family  one…
the partisan farm bill we will consider in house ag tomorrow makes changes to  snap  that will likely devastate part…
does anyone need to ask why russians supported trump & worked to defeat hillary  isn t it obvious  i ve said over &…
my statement on gop tax cut bill  a deficit-exploding corporate giveaway that won t create jobs and won t help the…
happy mothers day 
 uscbo report proves the congressional republican health bill will cause premiums to skyrocket for older wisconsinites  pay more for less
if you haven t filed your federal tax return  and won t make it in time  do not panic  you can request a 6-month ex…
the trump administration s budget cuts the choice neighborhoods initiative – an essential program that helps revita…
rt  ac360   he endured unspeakable torture… to say something like that about a man who has given this much for his country is just beneath…
do not congratulate
peter s statement on the ongoing violence in gaza 
with this frivolous lawsuit  the trump administration continues to push lies about california s policies  trump and…
excerpts of the house resolution in honor of world water day
 we have to learn how to talk to each other again    joebiden to the global institute  liupost
darn right we are 
there are 44 million people in the u s  who owe a combined  1 3 trillion in student debt  in fact  the bill s spons…
seniors spend nearly 20% of their income on health care expenses  the g o p tax plan would eliminate the medical expen…
thomas mckean  charles carroll  james smith  george taylor  mathew thornton  edward rutledge  thomas lynch jr   geo…
 my heart breaks for the teachers & students following today s mass shooting in parkland f l  our children go to sch…
as we get ready to listen to  potus s state of the union speech  it may be helpful to compare what he s promised with…
i hope you ll join me in honoring the memory of fallen service members from ventura county and all around the country today and every day 
there are nearly 29 million small businesses in the usa  as a former small business owner  i know how important the…
  repjoecourtney  happy birthday 
rt  lacyclaymo1  congratulations to  ucityschools senior ashlynn jenkins  the winner of the 2018  congressionalartcompetition for her evoca…
reminder  the  usda s 2017 census of agriculture deadline is february 5  back in 2012  wisconsin had an 84% respons…
this friday is your last chance to submit art for the  ca37  high school art competition  learn more about how to su…
outstanding news 
rt  unhp  this morning  repespaillat pledging to support  northwestbronx weatherization funding to assist our community 
incredible to watch spacex launch a commercial flight vehicle taking 10 iridium next satellites out of vandenberg a…
today  the trump administration announced that it is showing honduran tps recipients the door  many of these peopl…
icymi  i believe that congress has to come together in a bipartisan way to protect dreamers   alemolina has the ful…
rt  housedemocrats  this is about our democracy  house democrats want to ensure the independence of special counsel robert mueller and his…
compare & contrast  while republicans on house intel were putting the department of justice on trial  democrats on…
i m on the congressional health subcommittee  there s an epidemic plaguing our communities that is killing 96 ameri…
congrats   goldenknights    vegas born
rt  d33dems  thanks to  brownformd for meeting with  d33dems and sharing how he will serve anne arundel & prince george county
last year i stood on this line with a delegation of bipartisan colleagues  we met w/ foreign leaders to discuss the…
  cplcdotorg empowers arizonans of all ages and backgrounds to achieve the american dream  we re working together t…
talking to  bloomberglaw about my future of  ai  act  our nation must prepare for the changes  ai  technology will br…
fake news
rt  edjoyce  tim duncan working on st  thomas   duncanrelief passes  3 million in donations photo  monie braithwait…
the trump administration s assault on clean car standards risks our ability to protect our children s health  tackl…
ok  stop
though the responsibility for this rash gamble rests squarely on president trump s shoulders  the price will be pai…
rt  jdepstein  little-known stories fill new niagara falls underground railroad heritage center
happy  sbdc  day  thanks to all the small business development centers helping entrepreneurs across minnesota 
meeting with king abdullah ii of jordan to discuss regional security and cooperation issues 
thank you to the hardworking teachers in ventura county & across the country who have dedicated their lives to our…
rt  guttmacher  another big win against administration s ideological agenda  even as they push to shift teen pregnancy prevention program  …
the affordable care act prohibits insurance companies from discriminating against americans with pre-existing condi…
i am now accepting submissions from all highschool students in the third congressional district of illinois for th…
 energycommerce this bill will save consumers money by ensuring a more smooth regulatory process at the fda 
congrats la crosse boys&girls club on being awarded a be great  graduate grant from at&t  the grant will help kids…
breaking news   sanfordbishop and  cathymcmorris will host the annual military family summit on 10/17 milfam
need help  my staff will be at the elk grove library on tuesday from 10am to noon to help you with backlogged veter…
i accepted the make-a-wish arm wrestle challenge and took on my nephew  brian  who is up for consideration in the nf…
wonderful to hear  judywoodruff s perspective about our current media environment as part of capto cap18 
by walking away from the jcpoa  trump makes it easier for iran to develop nuclear weapons  he is creating this cris…
rt  fscdems  live now  full committee hearing entitled  examining the equifax data breach  tune in 
coventry s paige alston is a courageous and inspirational 4-year-old who has beaten all the odds and will be a fine…
we remember the victims as individuals who were loved and cherished to this day  to honor the memories of those who…
the number of independent federal investigations  epascottpruitt is currently under continue to pile up and he need…
this is still an environmental imperative  this plume was discovered 40 years ago  in may i ll be meeting w/bethpag…
nra/gun manufacturers/merchants of death are on the ropes  sooner or later  the american people will deliver a knoc…
last week  my mom got to see her granddaughter  neshambia nicole sewell  my neice  graduate from stillman college …
i ll be on  cnnsitroom with wolf blitzer to talk about the latest in u s -russia relations and the mueller probe  hope you can tune in 
9 out of 10 suicides that involve a firearm end in death  for individuals in crisis  a  gvro  would temporarily remo…
kelechi ibezim is making black history every day by serving his community as the first african-american eagle scout…
rt  officialcbc  watch  on january 29th  cbc members – led by  repdavidscott – spoke on the house floor about the janus case before  scotu… 
83 percent of g o p tax scam benefits go to country s wealthiest one percent  that s why house republicans are hyping…
rt  vetaffairsdems  tune in live  we have an amazing panel of well-respected experts discussing issues specific to women veterans 
on august 18  2017  the national academies of sciences  engineering  and medicine were ordered to stop research on…
proud to be in orangeburg for the groundbreaking of the zan street safety enhancement project   1/2 
i m very pleased that 3 americans have been released by north korea and are on their way home with secretary of sta…
 donald trump is assembling a war cabinet that includes john bolton  mike pompeo  and yes  gina haspel  we cannot a…
rt  repcicilline  democrats have a real plan to give people a better deal through investing in our workers & reprioritizing groundbreaking r…
paycheck fairness act is part of the solution for equal pay  but we also need paidsickdays  paidleave  affordable…
i posted a new photo to facebook
rt  theleadcnn  dem congressman  cannot trust what sarah sanders says  tedlieu on  theleadcnn  jimsciutto
happy earth day  today  let s enjoy the beautiful parks  beaches  & wilderness that america has to offer  i ll cont…
 realdonaldtrump  interior   interior serves the american public & tells the story of america  it should reflect it…
great discussion today with small business owners and  sbagov national deputy ombudsman natalie duncan  these small…
ending mass incarceration will require sustained effort  sustained intensity  sustained commitment  and a meaningfu…
happy asian pacific american heritage month where we celebrate the many contributions of the  aapi  community to the…
it s small business week  i m honored to serve as co-chair of the bipartisan small business caucus with  reptipton  …
october is cybersecurity awareness month  join me & the  fbi on oct 17 to discuss personal cybersecurity cyber aware
 thesherylralph  bwaxman  senatorhughes
 alexgangitano rooting for the big 5 teams in it  nova & penn  and my wife s alma mater uva
🔵 pursued public policy for his personal benefit /7
i d like to congratulate patriece grabyshak from rock island  who is the winner of this year s congressional art co…
congratulations to  famu  for being ranked 1  hbcu 
in addition to academic & cultural benefits  intl students bring  471 6 million and 5 374 jobs to oregon…
 3/3  i will focus all of my effort and energy to work with republicans and democrats  senators and house members …
the veterans  affairs committee just passed our bill to increase transparency and competition in the medical/surgic…
my full interview yesterday with  i24news on  emmanuelmacron visit to u s  congress and the importance of staying i…
wear red for equal pay day today 
team dutch s today kendall met with members of the maryland/d c  society for respiratory care to discuss issues imp…
i will continue to do all i can to ensure that the memory of the holocaust is preserved for future generations …
too many rape kits go untested across this country  which is why i authored the debbie smith act & am fighting for i…
  potus   housegop   senategop  roses are red  violets are blue  d r e a mers are americans  just like you  ❤
the deadline to sign up for  aca  open enrollment is this fri  12/15  get covered and make sure your family stays he…
pre-match meeting with timber joey and my grandsons   rctid 
rt  neighbornoreen  employment opportunities up for grabs at  thegicc jobs fair friday  thanks to  repdavidscott   you won t believe who s…
on average  women are paid just 80 cents for every  1 paid to male counterparts  for women of color  the wagegap i…
rt  lvccld  we had a wonderful meeting today with our fabulous congresswoman   repdinatitus  who is a great friend of libraries and literac…
it was a pleasure to welcome students from spring valley high school s avid program to washington  dc  the students…
w/ this  gsa  resolution  we will provide modern & best environ 4  fbi to achieve 21st century mission & make best use of taxpayer    3/
thank you to hero james shaw jr for saving lives in waffle house shooting - we pray for 4 americans who died  anothe…
it was a privilege and honor to meet nellie beach  she became a certified underwater welder during wwii  working on…
as we celebrate earth day  let s recommit to making our planet a green and healthy place  every family deserves to…
don t wait  only 21 days left to get covered at
happy mothers day to my wonderful mom  margaret  grateful to all the moms across michigan that make our families s…
rt  libertyuso   repbrady  libertyuso needs your help  check out the hug a hero program
you can follow  lockawaytrump for updates about the mango menace and read the daily trump dump here …
rt  susanwbrooks  opioids are powerful drugs & have the potential to become incredibly addictive  it s imperative our nation s prescribers…
rt  usdafsa  own a dairy   usda has many options for you 
here s 1 thing ds & rs do together  thx to so many alzheimers disease groups including  alzfdn 
on the 4 year anniversary of the flint water crisis  families there are still using filters & bottled water  the cr…
i stand with my transgender constituents because everyone deserves equal housing  fair employment and an environeme…
fattah moment in congress
rt  emorwee  scott pruitt admitted to violating federal gift-giving rules during a senate hearing today  among other things  a quick recap…
i d like to thank mcallen mayor jim darling and the entire city commission for recognizing me at their   
rep  cicilline is accepting applications for the 2018 congressional art competition  teachers or students intereste…
sunday funday playing catch with  ca44  youth  we were at wilson park in compton today and joined by several young…
rt  hakunamattities  met and spoke with representative danny davis s office about the nea and arts advocacy  upon discovery that he represe…
save jobs in china  bromance w/ vladimir putin  praise brutal north korean dictator  what s wrong with this guy  am…
by promising to help chinese tech company zte  the president isn t just prioritizing chinese jobs over the u s  s w…
watch live  redefining women in the workplace with  delawarewomen and guest speaker lisa maatz  in honor of sen …
rt  oversightdems  breaking   repcummings to gowdy  subpoena white house for documents withheld on interim security clearances  questions a…
enjoyed seeing the colleges that hampton roads  students will attend next fall during the access college foundation…
the filing period has been extended for a day  if you didn t get to file your taxes yesterday  make sure you get th…
it s happening  the total solar eclipse in casper  wy  in the immortal words of bob marley   light up the darkness  
seniors and people with disabilities rely on medicaid for long term care  yet pres  trump spent his first year try…
my statement on the indictments just announced by special counsel robert mueller 👉
join us tomorrow at the live n f volunteer fair  this free event features dozens of local organizations & fun famil…
224 days ago  congress nearly unanimously told trump to sanction russia  he didn t  protecting this country shoul…
rt  jasonrantz  this morning at 8 30am on  770ktth   cathymcmorris stops by to chat syria   speakerryan leaving at the end of his term  and…
the senate will vote to restore net neutrality – i call on the  housegop to allow us to bring the same bill to the…
team castro attended  enrollsa s coalition meeting to prepare for the 5th enrollment period in november  thanks to…
wondering if u should vote or stayin line   otd  2000  florida begins statewide recount of presidential election ballots  your vote matters
our hearts are with new york now as we learn about this terrible attack 🍎❤️
unions provide a path to the middle class for working people by increasing their income and the economic security…
trump s decision to withdraw from the  jcpoa  is one of his most reckless & self-destructive decisions yet  this go…
rt  nancypelosi  in the house  when someone is elected  we give them their seat — we don t hold it back so we can have a vote go the way we…
another demonstration that africa is a continent of economic opportunity and not a s***hole   realdonaldtrump
what s worse  it does nothing to balance the  1 5 trillion hole the g o p tax scam created & fails to comply with the…
rt  rubendiazjr  great to see  repeliotengel at today s gospel concert in coop city bronx nyc
first chance d e will help at-risk children across the state  especially those dealing with trauma and hunger 
getting ready to join  hardballchris on  msnbc 
 no one has been a bigger critic of sessions than me  nobody   but  with all the damage that sessions has done and…
disappointed by  epa move to repeal clean power plan  us must address climatechange head-on with new tech and scientific advancement   1/3 
rt  bobbyscott  president trump claims he stands with workers but his record says otherwise   sotu  protect workers
rt  rosadelauro  the gop tax plan raises the question  where are the republicans  values  billionaires first
joining politics tonight with  paullisnek on  wgntv — tune in 
i first saw one of granite falls high school s ultra-efficient cars at a parade a few years back  and it s been fun…
democrats are ready to protect d r e a mers  the only question is whether republicans will join the right side of history 
rt  repwilson    repgregorymeeks  we cannot let boko haram win   bbog  4 years too long
i strongly support the efforts of our national president beverly smith and all my sisters as we take a bold stand a…
rt  nancypelosi  senate gop following lead of their house colleagues  working in secret to strip health care from millions  we ll fight to…
no matter how many times i see it  the image of students walking out of school with their hands up is just heartbre…
i m glad that the faa bill the house passed today includes amendments to the stafford act that i worked to have add…
president trump was completely disingenuous about benefits of the iran deal  security experts and international ins…
as an american matriarch she was among our most passionate advocates for learning and literacy and for her family…
soon  press conference with  senmarkey &  chrismurphyct on the  no unconstitutional strike on north korea act  here 
rt  ny1noticias  un repaso a la carrera del  león de la avenida lenox   últimos días en d c de  cbrangel  reporta  albertopimienta 
today  we observe workers memorial day to honor & remember those who died in the workplace  as an electrician for d…
proud to pass the shields act w/ repgallagher  we must stop hizballah from using innocent civilians as human shields
the federal government must use its authority to ensure justice is served for eric garner and his family  it is pas…
democrats could have added to 2010 census  how many guns do you have  nra would have told members to discard survey…
 centeronbudget  amermedicalassn  aarp we cannot sit quietly  we need to stand up  raise our voices to…
tune in now as i join hardworking machinists to talk about how the g o p tax scam leaves too many working class famili…
later today  i ll be talking with  rubendiazjr  community leaders  and hurricane maria survivors in the bronx abou…
sunday  nikki haley says sanctions on russian companies involved in assad s chemical weapons attack would be announ…
50 years after his death  let s remember mlk led a movement to align american reality with the american ideal that…
icymi -  senatorrubio and trump s former  hhsgov secretary agree  the g o p tax scam is bad for hardworking americans 
i led a bipartisan letter with  reptommacarthur and our colleagues urging  potus and our european allies to sanctio…
on earth day let us recommit ourselves to protecting and preserving our environment  land  water and wildlife  read…
in my opening statement to  legbranch_ooc executive director susan grundmann  i emphasize the need for congress to…
rt  congressmanraja  the gop farm bill would slash snap  our premiere anti-hunger program  by  20 billion  meals from  snap  and its predece…
 we shouldn t have to worry about if we ll be dying – tests should be what we re worried about  -ummulkhayer sameha 3/6
i am leading republican and democratic colleagues across the country in asking hhs secretary  alexazar to provide u…
congrats to san luis obispo police chief deanna cantrell for winning the 2018 congressional woman of the year award…
fattah leadership/ gear up / millions helped / millions more will be gearupworks ikie s dream via  chronicle
washington has tried the hyper-partisan approach for over a year now and it s brought us to this point of total breakdown and dysfunction 
texas is one of america s top agricultural producers & what better way to see how  usda works up close than through…
the  naacp was founded otd 109 yrs ago  its mission  to ensure political  educational  social & economic equality o…
on equal pay day we recognize that women make just   80 for every  1 men make  it is a shame that this day has to ex…
good visiting with the team at genoa pharmacy at  lakecohealth to learn about their work in our community and innov…
thrilled to welcome  ma5  native  keualexander to team clark as communications director  mapoli
having a blast meeting  dodgers fans at the harbor gateway transit center  trust me  the dodger stadium express isn…
 snap  is a means-tested program that s been shown to reduce health problems later in life  further educational outc…
rt  hadenmedia  officials  community & faith leaders  & gun safety advocates discuss w/  dwstweets ways to keep schools safe and guns off s…
rt  projectbread   i love project bread and their work here to endhunger in massachusetts  they re unbelievable and so are you    repmcgov…
 fema released the fy17 staffing for adequate fire and emergency response  safer  grant notice of funding to assist…
the house of representatives has held 43 moments of silence to remember victims of mass shootings  enough is enough…
in the dark of night  the house took up a last minute short-term government funding bill  i voted no because it was…
thanks carlos 
this legislation will allow lgbtq students to learn in a more safe & welcoming environment  enabling them to thrive…
take action this week 
wa-02 high school students  showcase your creativity in this year s congressional art competition 
rt  compactsne  a room full of change makers at voicesof hunger  repmcgovern  worcesterstate
after the american people rejected trumpcare  the president is throwing a tantrum to sabotage the aca like a child who didn t get his way 
rt  mayorbowser    marcorubio  you can t have one view in florida and then another view here  hands off d c gun laws  no d c riders
while i recognize that bill house va committee passed yesterday isn t perfect  my mission has always been to provid…
rt  seiuhciimk     govrauner s office had no comment on  repschakowsky s demand  carenotchaos twill
i want to shine a🔦 on turning the tide an outreach ministry of taylor tabernacle in cobbs creek  i visited turning…
it is popular to criticize government  and to pretend that we don t need it  but we are the greatest nation on eart…
i am keeping barbara bush and the entire bush family in my prayers during this extremely difficult time 
i was honored to receive the  autismspeaks congressional leadership award the other day  i will continue to fight f…
we had a great time yesterday at the opening of the mount vernon little league season 
shameful that syria and russia are blocking international chemical weapons inspectors from investigating the attack…
do you think pruitt must go 
rt if you agree that middle class families shouldn t suffer while the millionaires & billionaires are given more tax breaks  g o p tax scam
happy veterans day to the past  present and future members of our armed forces  i am so grateful for your service to our country 
rt  time  congress members read the anonymous stanford sexual assault letter  and it was powerful
vote  help pick the community choice winner of my 2018 congressional art competition  featuring work by louisville…
sending condolences to the family of sean collins who was a proud member of  ibew local 3 which is based in my dist…
rt  nancypelosi  but at least that secretary in lancaster  pa got  1 50 more a week  right  speakerryan  g o p tax scam
rt  bettymccollum04  the house should pass  housedemocrats bill that pays our military during the trump shutdown  it s the least we can do…
i will continue to urge my colleagues in congress to work together to acquire continued funding for agencies like…
america incarcerates more people  over 2 million  than any other country in the world  people of faith must fight…
rt  honesthypocrite  talking about her west africa trip and how us global leadership makes a difference   repbrochester usglc d e america l…
excited to join  harvardiop s i o p new members next week to focus on public policy issues 
 the republican party is a wholly owned subsidiary of the  nra   and money is everything in american politics   wat…
i voted to keep the govt open yet the  housegop wants to adjourn & go home  we shouldn t go until the work is done 
 1199upstateny i ve spent my entire career working to protect public health  i ll keep fighting for investments to…
rt  repcohen  disappointed that republican-led rules committee blocked my fair fees amendment from  faa  reauthorization--would have require…
my colleagues and i worked together to pass the comprehensive addiction and recovery act and 21st century cures act…
always a pleasure meeting w/ members of  1199seiu &  32bjseiu  many from the bronx  in my  dc  office  we discussed…
proud to stand with the survivors of the stoneman douglas shooting in calling for congress to do its job and pass c…
today  i helped include  15 million in funding in the u s  house of representatives  fy19 energy and water appropri…
it took all of two months for wall street to find a massive loophole in the republican tax law 
rt  repdonbeyer  we just had a meeting of the bipartisan mental health caucus  where  gracenapolitano  repjohnkatko and i spoke with  nimhg…
it s holocaust memorial day – when we take a moment to remember the millions of people who were murdered in the…
i got a first-hand look at the brand new solar panels atop the old aurora public library building  the support comp…
rt  lcvoters  we re proud to endorse  repcartwright s c l e a n e r act today  read more --&gt 
i was glad to join the waukegan main street luncheon this afternoon and support their work attracting new businesse…
proud to support the incredible work of indo-american democratic organization/iado  they never stop fighting to   
stopped by fiesta de los peñasquitos this weekend to celebrate local young people being honored for their community…
chronic hunger is a serious issue in the united states  eliminating snap will only make it worse  this hyper-partis…
forget what you ve been told  the majority of la county residents support homeless solutions in their neighborhoods…
it took  realdonaldtrump just 14 months to run up a trillion dollar tab on the nation s credit card  smh 
the people of my hometown still don t have clean drinking water  meanwhile  epascottpruitt uses the safe drinking w…
after exploding the debt by  1 5 trillion  at best  with their g o p tax scam  the gop is focused on their  balanced b…
during my small biz roundtables  i asked for feedback on what the state can do better to help businesses grow  we h…
creating prize competitions to encourage finding breakthroughs in fighting climate change
house republicans say their farm bill doesn t kick a single person off  snap   wrong  400 000 households will lose benefits 
asian pacific american heritage month is a wonderful occasion to celebrate the accomplishments of this vibrant comm…
my staff will be holding mobile office hours at  pnmtalk s good neighbor fund event from 1-3 pm on 4/17  if you need…
hmm…one of the world s largest drug companies shelled out over a million dollar for  access   and now the president…
rt  hispaniccaucus  trump s anti-immigrant policies are hurting small businesses across the country that can t find americans willing to do…
rt  msnbc  rep  maxine waters  president trump is perhaps  most deplorable human being  i ve ever encountered
rt  house_drtf  the fact that we even need a  guide  to keep track of  epascottpruitt s blatant corruption and abuse of taxpayer money is a…
south carolina s senate vote to ban abortion is blatantly unconstitutional  republican lawmakers in the state are a…
proud to work with  repstevestivers to introduce the stronger patent act to help make our patent system work better…
on the iran deal  the best viable option we have for iran  pompeo  repeatedly called for it to be ripped up genera…
solution  universal background checks would ensure that people prohibited from purchasing firearms can t do so thro…
thanks for hosting this great event  very informative and important for folks to know about  weatherization works
it was a tremendous honor to meet today with mr  hagai el-ad   btselem s executive director and a courageous champi…
congresman johnson weighs in on  the war on drugs  isn t it time to reconsider marijuana policy 
telephone town hall alert  on monday  february 12th and tuesday  february 13th at 6 45 p m  pst i ll be holding tel…
stay safe after the severe storms in western wi  be sure to check for road closures before you head out 
our seniors deserve access to the gold standard of care for treating opioid addiction  my bill would expand access…
rt  astrostarbright  on the last day of black history month  my message is simple you can either go backwards or go forward  i choose going…
through multiple administrations  led by both republicans and democrats  we have been able to stand firm against no…
spent lunch with our san diego office interns yesterday  thank you for a semester of hard work on behalf of ca-52 …
we can t choose our careers  our successes or our honors  but each day  we can choose the type of people we ll try…
he was right  it triggered a response  trump fired him  wouldn t it be nice to have a potus who stood up to putin …
addiction is a neurological disease- and when a patient doesn t follow their treatment plan  we need to support the…
ventura county has some of the bravest & most dedicated law enforcement personnel  for peace officers memorial day…
rt  dc_vote  friday teaser    159 coming soon   stay tuned  d cstatehood  hr1291   eleanornorton
federal judges appointed by both democratic and republican presidents halt  potus  unconstitutional dangerous muslim ban order  bantheban
rt  repcummings  what happened in orlando isn t normal and we can never allow it to be normal  holdthefloor
rt  columbushealth  mark your calendar  join us for biketo work day on may 18   city hall  registration is free and strongly encouraged  ht…
let s go 5-0   
i recently went to  wvu_tech to speak with young west virginians about what they wanted for their future  we must w…
worse  the 2 000  page bill was provided to members of congress with mere hours notice  without time to examine the…
rt  axios  eleanor holmes norton  who represents d c  in the house   i wonder whether all that we re doing isn t really so much 20th centur…
president trump and republicans in congress should ask themselves  what would reagan do on immigration  hint  it wa…
twenty-five years later  thanks to the policies pursued by this administration and the republican majority  we find…
rt  replloyddoggett  no matter when released  the fact remains the gop tax scam will take from working families to give the 1% a tax break …
i don t believe there is a more important profession than being a mom to your own children or others  happy mother …
earth is a very special place and we must be committed to doing all we can to leave it cleaner and greener for gene…
rt  scicmtedems  yesterday  scicmtedems ranking member  repebj and  energycommerce environment subcommittee ranking member  reppaultonko le…
rt  unesco  23 april is world book day📚  let s highlight today the power of books to promote open & inclusive knowledge societies  ℹ️
rt  repdwightevans  my bill amends the small business act to provide a variety of services that include grants  financial assistance  loans…
this is just wrong  no one person should be able to dominate campaign donations  the super rich and special interes…
my colleagues and i have introduced many pieces of legislation that would reduce gun violence  but we have been blo…
met with  countyofunionnj officials to discuss long term planning in the county & emphasize support for community d…
 hbd  to the affordable care act  which was signed into law eight years ago today  it has weathered numerous repeal a…
please keep everyone affected by the shooting in san bruno in your thoughts and prayers as we gather the facts and…
i m always proud of my district  and i m happy to have just one more thing to brag about today 
 reploudermilk i have lifted you both up in my prayers  god bless you 
working families need more access to fresh produce  not less  the president s so-called  food box  proposal would m…
another reason to love the cubbies   as if anyone needs another reason to love the  cubs fly the flag chicago…
i m a proud original cosponsor of hr 4444  the butch lewis act  to protect the pensions of  teamsters  workers & ret…
ramadan mubarak to all those celebrating in the 1st district of illinois and around the world 
rt  wrcommission  we support today s bicameral introduction of the done act and thank  repjayapal and  senkamalaharris for their leadership…
i m happy to announce that i m hosting a constituent town hall in redlands on october 16  register here to join me 
 stjacki many thanks for your kind words 
right now  you can still apply to renew your  daca   for more info on the requirements & to apply  visit …
rt  houseadm_dems  yesterday marked the 4th anniv  of shelby v  holder  it s time to restore full power to the voting rights act 
   rather than the  gop s ahca plan to give americans access to unaffordable  high-deductible  less-comprehensive health care 
rt  housedemocrats  a free society depends on a free press  on world press freedom day we commend all of the hardworking journalists who brin…
never forget the 26 precious lives lost at sandy hook  americans are still asking for commonsense gun safety laws …
rt  housebluedogs  during the tax debate  we called on our republican friends to work w/ us in a real way to produce at least revenue neutr…
pinellas has been molded & enriched by holocaust survivors – telling their stories to stop bigotry  anti-semitism …
drain the swamp drain the swamp drain the swamp lock her up lock her up
rt  homelanddems  our joint hearing on cybersecurity workforce is about to begin with  reploucorrea &  reprichmond  video & more info-----…
while donald was tending to his bone spurs  mueller was fighting in vietnam  when it comes to protecting our democr…
chcs are an integral part of providing essential healthcare to families in my district  today  i spoke with…
why does the epa administrator need a  43 000 soundproof phone booth  just another dubious act from ethically-avers…
pleased to see these fire departments collaborate to obtain this critical grant that will improve public safety 
rt  housedemocrats   nydiavelazquez  whiphoyer  repjoecrowley  repjoseserrano  reprichardneal are demanding better for puerto rico than the…
this appears to be a politically motivated effort to exploit anti-foreigner sentiment and appeal to his base 
the uss john f  kennedy is now 75% structurally complete and scheduled to launch next year  looking forward to when…
i opposed the joint comprehensive plan of action  jcpoa  in 2015  because while it may have placed temporary limits…
today  march 5th  was president trump s deadline for  daca   six months later nothing s changed  as ranking member o…
for 4 years  members of congress have been standing up for the chibok girls  thank you for your support   bbog… 
wearing my purple tie today in recognition of pancreatic cancer day  happy to help raise awareness about this diseas…
pleased that hasc adopted my amendment to improve water security on bases  our installations are not isolated from…
it is simply inexcusable for florida to have these problems with its background check database   govscott has some…
is it really a surprise to anyone that the g o p tax scam was designed to enrich wall street at the expense of working…
icymi  watch my exchange today with  federalreserve chairman jerome powell about the distrubing policies coming out…
unemployment is down and the stock market is up  but folks still aren t feeling the economic boom in their…
icymi  the trump administration s reckless decision to end the teen pregnancy prevention program is another attack…
rt  housebluedogs  6 months ago   washingtonpost &  60minutes revealed a 2016 law has severely restricted the ability of the dea to investi…
while i am disappointed in money appropriated for new fencing  33 miles  and replacement  this compromise is the be…
honored to have received an award from  thesfia today for championing physical fitness & activity in congress  sant…
rt  energycommerce  thread  the trump administration has been swamped with scandals  secrecy and conflicts of interest  with nonexistent go…
orlando is in dire need of blood donations  please donate blood to help the victims of this deadly attack 
rt  kevcirilli  coming up  zte interview with  repgaramendi  who weighs in on the  qualcomm supply side  too 
i am calling for a large-scale boycott by consumers  public and private users  and pension investments of any vehic…
rt  nancypelosi  the senate finance committee just rejected  speakerryan s g o p tax scam in a 26-0 vote  and he s *still* asking  housegop to…
trump ended daca  he then used dreamers as bargaining chips to completely alter our entire immigration system  he w…
climate change is a pressing threat to our planet and our national security   lcvoters is combatting climate change…
i stand with dreamers  i stand with workers  i stand with you  at tonight s  sotu    potus reminded us that he only…
rt  wcpinst  thank you for supporting this important event and mentoring salome today 
 i have also lost a young loved one to violence  i felt betrayed by the community that took her from me  but it spa…
rt  oversightdems    repcummings   white house officials ignored this information and continued granting rob porter access to our nation s…
thank you  ch2m   niskanencenter   reduce_spending for supporting the  prepare  act
though she faced many skeptics in the scientific community  rosalyn yalow persisted to help develop radioimmunoassa…
rt  robmarciano  tinder fire growing to 8000 acres as winds kicked ahead of a digging trough that will bring a multi-day severe weather thr…
thanks for taking care of our little guy yesterday  no parent wants to spend an afternoon at the er  but with kind…
i m hosting a facebook town hall with  delawaredot secretary jen cohan tomorrow  tuesday  march 13 at 7pm  reply…
rt  demsespanol  en promedio  las mujeres ganan 80 centavos por cada  1 que sus contrapartes hombres ganan  para las mujeres latinas y afro…
open enrollment starts tomorrow  find a plan that works for you and your family  visit to get covered 
reminder  my district office will host mobile office hours today at the heritage park senior facility  stop by for…
including a citizenship question in the 2020 census only serves to suppress participation & will result in inaccura…
great job falmouth prevention partnership   falmouth_police  & project purple on today s  dea  drug take back - ope…
everyone benefits from affordablehousing  even the youngest  ny13  constituents  proud to visit with this young man…
rt  irsnews  urgent  irs provides an extra day for taxpayers to file  pay their taxes following system issues  file by midnight  april 18 
air force veteran – and  in no particular order  - teacher - non-profit founder and executive - mit-educated engi…
spoke with firefighters on the whitewater fire complex  thanks to all protecting oregon forests and homes 
we re live  tune in here  or netde
rt  usamilitaryusa  our thoughts and prayers go out to the loved ones of the 7 u s  navy sailors killed in the uss fitzgerald crash
sex trafficking robs far too many women & children of their rights  lives  & dignity  that s why i voted for the fi…
the trump administration s proposed  public charge  rule is a dangerous attack on immigrant families  i m proud to…
i held a town hall in flagstaff last week to talk about the impact of uranium mining on communities throughout nort…
 we have an obligation to provide aid to our fellow americans in puerto rico   click to read my op-ed in  huffpost
the fec voted 4-0 to allow this
last night  i proudly signed the discharge petition to force a vote on the d r e a m act  protect d r e a mers 
dereliction - noun - the shameful failure to fulfill one s obligations 
as this monumental day comes to a close  children and parents have truly demonstrated the meaning of being active…
rt  journalstarnews  the capitol christmas tree is in 
over a 40-year career  the average woman loses  418 000 to the wage gap  mothers and women of color lose even mor…
today  i joined state and local leaders to honor and remember the millions who died in the armenian genocide  we mu…
  housegop s highered bill fails to support our service-members and will make higher education even more expensive…
i sat down with organic produce network recently to discuss my work on the agriculture committee to support organic…
great to be with the  roseinstitute and my granddaughter ellen today to talk about my 18 years in congress 
to build a stronger philly block by block  we have to focus on creating jobs  jobs  and jobs  today  i want to shi…
ty  repjohnlewis &  housedemocrats for your courageous & principled sit-in to demand commonsense action on gunviolence  no bill no break 
rt  cspanwj  icymi   repgaramendi  d-ca  shared his view on the recent strike in syria  tensions w/ russia  & other news of the day  click…
the top 1% of america s income earners have more than doubled their share of the nation s income since the mid-20th…
rt  officialcbc  happy belated birthday   reprobinkelly  d-il-02   rep  kelly is passionate about ending health disparities and gun violenc…
our hearts continue to be with all affected by this awful tragedy  if you or someone you know needs crisis counseli…
my thoughts are with the great mills high school community as we grapple with yet another school shooting  i pray f…
scott pruitt s ethical shortcomings are too numerous to fit in a single tweet  but they re nothing new to the…
i took my advocacy for our hmong and lao american veterans to the house floor today  calling on my colleagues to…
rt  secretarycastro  today s  174mm allocation through housing trust fund will help preserve and increase our nation s affordable housing→ h…
addressing the  cityoflasvegas city council meeting about the federal efforts to combat the opioid epidemic -- the…
next week  central m a students and parents can attend our annual us service academy night to learn about opportunit…
i disagree  general kelly  i encourage you to visit my district on the central coast of california to see  or bette…
rt  karinattonito    corybooker &  donaldnorcross say citizenship question diverts from purpose of census  w/  ericlandskroner on power and…
that afternoon  while echol and robert were huddled in the truck  disaster struck  the truck s compactor suddenly k…
great to see some old friends and new faces at the league of california cities  redwood empire division meeting thi…
irony is dead 
it s that time of year again  today  my colleagues on the armed services committee & i will take up the annual defe…
i applaud secretary carter for asking the pentagon to suspend ca guard bonus collections  statement …
no
whistleblowers should be encouraged to come forward w/ accounts of govt misconduct w/o fear of retaliation  in 2017…
i applaud both chambers of congress for coming together on this bipartisan agreement  and look forward to its imple…
number of cosponsors for house bill to save net neutrality is now up to 110 members of congress  net neutrality
rt  sierraclub  thank you  repdianadegette   jaredpolis   repcartwright &  janschakowsky for taking action on public health & the oil & gas…
rt  homelanddems  hearing on  fema and the lessons from the 2017 disasters just began with ranking member  benniegthompson  video & more in…
i m joining  teamcavuto on  foxnews today in the 4 pm et/1 pm pt hour to discuss the president s decision to pull t…
right now  you may still be able to apply to renew your  daca  status  if you meet the requirements to apply for dac…
the white house staff member fired for potential involvement in serious financial crimes was immediately hired for…
today in  energycommerce - helping to combat the opioid crisis by quizzing four ceos of big companies which distrib…
the state of our union is more divided and our global standing is more imperiled as a result of this presidency   sotu 
thank you to  davidchiu   ilyse and everyone else who stood up for a woman s right to know her healthcare options…
submit your nominations for the 38th hall of fame of delaware women  details →
on this international womens day i am inspired by all the incredible women who stand up every day for justice  equal…
rt  nrdems  every child deserves the opportunity visit our national parks   nikiinthehouse s every kid outdoors bill gives 4th graders & the…
rt  cptrobespierre  vote  capuano4senate today  polls close in one hour  m a sen // go team mike 
rt  hispaniccaucus  deporting 300k  tps  holders is not who we are as americans  these are our neighbors  friends  coworkers  save t p s
rep  cicilline discusses his work to create jobs  raise wages and secure a better future for all rhode islanders at…
happy passover to those who observe 
rt  recode  black lawmakers will visit silicon valley next week to talk to apple  square  paypal and others about workplace diversity
rt  thehill  maxine waters on russia investigation   what is trump so afraid of  
rt  raysa_leer   this country is great because of who we are  country of diverse group of immigrants  - anthonybrownmd4 2017 town hall mary…
there are only five days left to visit to buy or change your health care plan for 2018  get covered today 
discussed my strong support for workers in railroad  shipbuilding  and manufacturing industries with nj members of…
rt  desis4progress  thank you  repbera  repjayapal  congressmanraja for joining we are d f p for a great conversation about organizing  identi…
our community has lost a kind  gentle  and determined visionary who devoted his life to making sacramento a more dy…
los puertorriqueños tienen una impresionante tradición militar y ninguna unidad ejemplifica su valor mejor que el reg  65 de infantería
rt  openfairskies  we appreciate that the administration is acting to level the playing field with the gulf carriers and their massive gove…
i m terribly saddened to learn that  repanthonybrown suffered a minor stroke  but i m happy to know that he is now…
a lost life is a lost life  every american lost to any terror attack — whether domestic or international — is a nat…
cheers to vermont maple  and to all the sugar makers who have sustained excellence in the face of many challenges …
to all who are celebrating passover at sundown  chag pesach sameach 
rt  rephuffman  i intro d a resolution w   repmarkpocan   repzoelofgren &  eleanornorton to designate may 3rd as a national day of reason t…
the problem with trump s north korea meeting is the spontaneity of his acceptance  after no consultation  not that…
flag flown at half-staff as we listen to  glfop auxiliary president linda hennie discuss the great sacrifices made…
rt  ibatweet  congressman  repvisclosky sent letters of congratulations to the radio stations being honored today in the first congressiona…
icymi  i led a bipartisan letter this past week asking the  irs  about the technical difficulties that stymied taxpa…
the people s house is built on open & honest debate of the issues facing american communities   speakerryan has mad…
rt  jacksonleetx18  there is overwhelming evidence of russian interference in our elections and we must put an end to this appalling breach…
lordy  he s watched some tape
earth day is a time to celebrate our beautiful planet  we must come together to ensure that our communities are hea…
rt  oversightdems  the  washingtonpost weighs in on the  housegop blunder with the comey memos   this crowd has blown itself up more times…
this is a big deal  thank you for your leadership   nygovcuomo 
rt  repschneider  thank you  benniegthompson   reprobinkelly   repgonzalez  and  reploucorrea for joining me in this effort to address the…
  mikebloomberg said so well at the democratic convention  he [trump] is a con man  i m from new york  and i know…
i have co-sponsored h res 401  this resolution  if passed  calls for an end to the dog and cat meat industry  it ur…
rt  thebeatdc    reprubengallego   repbetoorourke   repjoseserrano   repjuanvargas  & vicente gonzalez wrote to speaker paul ryan urging hi…
  realdonaldtrump s request for a military parade would require a massive waste of our critical resources    we alr…
stay up to date on what i ve been working on  sign up for my newsletter here 
today i stand with my  officialcbc colleagues on how the cr does not provide a long-term solution for chip  which c…
congratulations to  prp_panthers freshman mallery marshall on being voted the community choice winner of my 2018 co…
remember the deepwater disaster oil spill which occurred 8 yrs ago today  it claimed 11 lives  took 6 months to cap…
as we celebrated the final days of teacher appreciation week  i was proud to join colleagues in cosponsoring this i…
rt  henryneighbor  saturday  congressman david scott to honor henry county  fulton county cobb county students who want to serve their coun…
there are similar stories at h b c us across the country  we have an obligation to be stewards of these cultural treasures   3/3 
rt  repmikequigley  i just asked  ajitpaifcc  have you recused yourself  or do you plan on recusing yourself  from further actions related…
the g o p tax scam is the grinch stealing christmas  increasing taxes for millions of families  the gop will use this…
rt  phil_mattingly    reprubengallego s choice of floor prop this afternoon 
the recklessness of the president s statement on north korea yesterday is undercutting diplomacy and putting us all in danger 
rt  drdenagrayson  hey missouri women  your  gop  candidate for senator just wrote   i want to come home to a home cooked dinner at 6 ever…
photo of the day- giving an interview and working with anne jenner today at the uw archiving my papers 
rt  kimcapsd   powayunified just wanted to share how my students were able to learn to be citizen scientists and meet  repscottpeters  it…
i look forward to working with my colleagues to advance this important legislation 
had a conversation about gun violence  mental health  school safety  and immigration reform with students  teachers…
fighting for one of the most effective anti-poverty programs in our country  food aid isn t a luxury  follow us liv…
thanks for the great tour 
the constitution is clear  the census must collect information on the total number of residents in america  by con…
russia s stunning disregard for international order and human rights cannot be tolerated  after the recent nerve ag…
 gop has been trying to  fast track   aca  repeal for 7 years  healthcare is too important  we must work together in…
rt  deisenthal   dbernstein capuano will do well in the pioneer valley  greenfield  northampton  amherst   masen
rt  n_warren  learning about personal cybersecurity best practices at the cybersecurity town hall with  repmikehonda  the  fbi  and the  s…
with just 27% of americans believing the g o ptaxscam was a good idea  it s astounding that the wh dispatched two su…
gop  aca  lawsuit legally suspect  misidentifies party responsible 4 so-called lawbreaking getthefacts   waysmeanscmte
rt  oversightdems  breaking  top  oversightdems and  housejuddems seek subpoena for documents withheld by cambridge analytica 
with issues like trade  energy  health care and worker rights front and center  this week was a perfect time to cat…
the level of hypocrisy is astounding   realdonaldtrump and  vp don t hesitate to regulate  nra guns when it s their…
yesterday  i met with  gdms chairman & ceo phebe novakovic and held a productive discussion regarding border techno…
rt  njlcv  thank you   billpascrell  for standing with new jersey families and our environment  and scoring 97 on the latest  lcvoters nati…
  the first blatantly prejudiced executive order  in reality  this new executive order is muslim ban 2 0   
i had the privilege of visiting  burke_rehab with the  alzassociation &  nitalowey last week to talk about pioneeri…
good reminder on presidents day2018  diversity is america s strength — compassion is our value 
rt  nationalnurses  from  repjayapal our ideas speak to the center of the country  to working people who deserve to have opportunity for al…
always inspired by my conversations with young folks about american government  thanks to the  ochspioneers for tal…
because otherwise  as albert einstein pointed out  doing the same thing over and over again  and hoping for a diffe…
rt  lspnow  mn u s  rep   collinpeterson visits lsp member farm to talk ag issues & see conservation efforts  mnag  houseagnews
scott pruitt has stopped enforcement on america s biggest polluters and has used taxpayer dollars on frivolous expe…
rt  maxinewaters  5 years in and the  cfpb has helped millions of consumers  let s keep it up  consumers count wall st reform works
 bhm  spotlight  olympic gold medalist george foreman became the oldest heavyweight champion in history in 1994 afte…
head over to  sbdowntown tonight from 5-8 pm to check out this year s congressional art competition submissions fro…
me complace que  potus  en consulta con el congreso  haya designado a los miembros de la junta de una manera reflexiva y oportuna 
20 minutes until polls close       vote for mike capuano  masen mike4mass
today my office issued a consumer alert to protect california s 5 7m medicare beneficiaries who will receive new c…
the day is finally here— opening day for the  redsox  looking forward to another great season  go red sox 
congratulations  eagles  you brought it home  lombardiinphilly
alexa  how many taxpayer dollars have we spent for  realdonaldtrump s golf  ask alexa
today  congressmangt and i sent a letter urging  betsydevosed to halt any plans to reorganize the office of career …
rhode island is fortunate to have  risecstate  nelliegorbea who is leading the way to ensure our state s election s…
by any name  the results remain the same  supply side economics by  realdonaldtrump is a tax scheme for the rich an…
i stand with the  cbcofficial in opposing trump s blatantly callous strategy to divide and conquer communities of c…
clean up time with  lonsmithroofing   mbm 
what a great time celebrating some of our community s most engaged and hardworking volunteers at the sonoma valley…
what passes for logic in the oval office  republicans control the senate  republicans control the house  republic…
new york city now mandates that businesses w/ more than 14 employees undergo sexual harassment prevention training …
net neutrality means consumers—not big corporations—choose what websites and applications we see online  that s why…
the  eximbankus helps businesses small and large get the loans they need to sell products made in our state to cust…
last week  a non-jew wore a kippah in berlin to test the level of anti-semitism  he was physically attacked by a be…
 jacquiirwin  bettyyee2014  senatorpavley great seeing these strong women at the kennedy legacy dinner in ventura 
these requirements targeting poor families & folks approaching retirement age also ignore the practical realities o…
rt  aucollegedems    repjimmcdermott discusses his early experiences traveling to africa a utalksmalaria
  eqca  i m humbled and deeply touched  nancy was a beloved companion  leader and a force of nature …
i have serious concerns with some aspects of president trump s proposal and rhetoric  the constant message i hear i…
the power and influence of big-money special interests in action  this time  they re threatening the health and saf…
president trump threatening to fire a 30-year marine corps veteran to please the koch brothers is really a metaphor…
rt  repteddeutch   if you re a lobbyist who never gave us money  i didn t talk to you  if you re a lobbyist who gave us money  i might talk…
rt  ucsb_dept_of_ed  three gauchos on the hill   ucsb  alums tony cardenas  86  salud carbajal  90 and jared huffman  86 are making their m…
i always thought the best soldiers end up at joint base lewis-mcchord  but here s proof  congrats to the 1st specia…
rt  bcbeat    repannaeshoo to  fcc rescind spectrum sales to  att &  verizon via  eggerton washington
rt  repjerrynadler  joint statement from house judiciary democrats  republicans are complicit in efforts to obstruct justice with release…
rt  barackobama  there are few issues more important to the security of the us than the potential spread of nuclear weapons or the potentia…
congratulations  chief engle  well deserved 
now they can spend it on nuclear weapons research without inspections  as far as their obligations to us are concer…
rt  energycommerce  watch ranking member  frankpallone show that  epascottpruitt is not prioritizing human health and the environment at ep…
today i joined  arishapiro on npr to discuss my commitment to protect dreamers and the urgent need to pass the…
  senatemajldr mcconnell refusing to put a bill to protect mueller on the senate floor is inviting a constitutional…
singing our way to the edmund pettus bridge  we will never be silent in the face of injustice m l k pilgrimage…
tonight my thoughts are with  donlemon and his family as they undergo the immense pain of the devastating loss of a…
voting rights are worth fighting for that s why i m cosponsoring the full restoration of the voting rights act
new report  healthcare premiums spike after trump  housegop push to sabotage coverage for millions  this is shame…
local leaders are working hard in tillamook on issues like affordable housing  infrastructure repair  and emergency…
i grew up outside of chicago and have been a cubs fan all my life  game 1 tonight  go cubs world series
a citizenship question is another fear tactic brought on by this administration to silence immigrants   commercegov…
this south sound golf tournament brings together the military & civilian community around jblm & kicked off…
rt  prochoicecaucus  we re pleased to announce our new co-chair   repbarbaralee  through decades of public service in congress and in calif…
from day one  the trump administration has attempted to undermine women s healthcare and deny basic science and med…
from silicon valley to west virginia and everywhere in between  our economy is leaving too many people behind  my j…
rt  whiphoyer  the make it in america listening tour continued in madison this afternoon as  repmarkpocan & i heard from local entrepreneurs…
great meeting with you as well 
rt  repteddeutch  i joined with  roslehtinen  repeliotengel  nitalowey to condemn these attacks on students and anti-semitism in all its fo…
you can t make this stuff up  trump and pruitt are rolling back more public health protections  shameful behavior f…
always enjoy talking with brian winnekins over at  realcountry1430 in durand  thanks for having me on 
thank you to the gold house for including me on its list of the 100 most influential asian americans  honored & thr…
watch the  aca  debate & my remarks at  2/2 
4/ because of his decency and warmth  we became true friends and partners in serving our neighbors  i ll always be…
thanks to  repjohnlewis & many house & senate colleagues for sittingin with me today  moments of silence do not cut it  no more silence
rt  repalgreen  as we finish the hanukkah season  may you live with peace in light and love  happy hanukkah 
great discussion in aurora this morning about preventing workplace harassment   il11 
when people join together and speak freely  they can effect change that makes our country stronger and better for t…
nor has  housegop brought legislation making robust investments in equipping our workers w the skillsand training for 21st century jobs  /3
powerful feature in this week s  mcweekly on gun violence & school safety  with articles by student journalists fro…
rt  repjohnlarson  america depends on the success of its middle class families  and today  house republicans hold a vote on the g o p tax scam…
rt  kellyannepolls  astonished by the all-out assault on comey by team clinton  suggesting he is a partisan interfering with the election i…
congrats to  nardinacademy student helen beckley-forest  her artwork titled  reach  won best in show in our annual…
as the country mourns the passing of first lady barbra bush  my thoughts and prayers are with the bush family today…
rt  reprichmond  despite the gop s lack of outreach  the affordable care act is still thriving  don t forget you have until dec  15 to enro…
next up for my poetry showcase is emily  a senior at woodbridge high school  who is ready for summer  poetry month
our brave service members in wisconsin shouldn t be used as pawns in this political stunt by  realdonaldtrump  i…
nominating dr  ronny jackson was a mistake from the beginning  the  deptvetaffairs serves 9 million american vetera…
last night donald trump s lawyer rudy giuliani admitted on foxnews that donald trump and the white house lied about…
thanks to your cows for their patience
 washingtonpost what an idiot    does  realdonaldtrump foolishly think a border wall would have prevented 9/11  cha…
i promise to continue to build upon congressman brandagee s legacy by supporting  subase_nlon at every opportunity…
voters are heading to the polls today to start the 2018 election season – and the house majority  senate majority …
rt njamesm88  changed mind 4 times since thurs  but still voted for mike  saw clip of ted k other day-capuano has same passion/spirit masen
today  i sent a letter to facebook founder and ceo  mark zuckerberg requesting him to specify which aspects of the…
forever grateful for the courage of those who fought the blaze as their own homes burned  sonoma strong
medal of honor recipient  and fall river native  capt  thomas hudner was laid to rest today in arlington national c…
yesterday  repcummings and i asked the doj to explain why someone in their ranks improperly tried to classify notes…
in 1948  there were 23 million american workers and 1 000 investigators enforcing our wage laws  today  there are 7…
it was a pleasure meeting with 1982 heisman trophy winner   herschelwalker  during national health through fitness…
food is medicine is more than an expression  it s a proven healthcare solution that helps us fight hunger and must…
rt  bluecollardems  the american middle class built this country  nobody knows that better than vice president  joebiden  today  we were pr…
i asked mark zuckerberg how facebook will combat foreign influence in our elections going forward  watch this imp…
may is mental health awareness month  check out my congressional briefing on advancing the mentalhealth of all ame…
it is national mammography day   i encourage all women to schedule their annual screening today …
as i prepared to honor fallen chicago police commander paul bauer on the house floor  i learned of yet another scho…
rt  jrosenworcel  treat to join  repdavideprice & north carolina attorney general  joshstein_ today to talk about how to fix the misguided…
the g o p tax scam will increase our deficit by  2 3 trillion dollars and republicans want to pay for it by cutting vi…
i hope that speaker ryan and gop leadership have the wisdom & grace to accept father conroy s decision to stay  giv…
vive la science   emmanuelmacron
h r  4052  keep americans safe act  prohibits the transfer or possession of large capacity ammunition feeding devic…
today i m sending out a  redalert  to tell my colleagues in the senate to support netneutrality and vote for the cr…
with tens of thousands of individuals diagnosed each year  autism reshapes lives daily  there is beauty and strengt…
rt  monahannaa  four years after flint water crisis began  we are creating a state-of-the-art public health program to tip the scale for fli…
proud to read this  nytimes article about the hundreds of women from across hollywood standing in solidarity to fig…
mobility is the key to building stronger  safer  cleaner and more commercially viable communities 
thanks  aarppa for your support 
rt  twittergov  track hurricane harvey and follow this list of emergency managers for live updates 
team peters met with  familyhealthsd and essential health access to disucss the impotance of title x funding  i m p…
rt  njherald  gottheimer talks challenges with local law officials
  realdonaldtrump  these people you are talking about must be the top 1% and corporations  right 
why is a non-federal employee making financial decisions on behalf of the secretary of hud 
that time trump said he and oprah would be a  very formidable  ticket  here is a link to the video …
little know fact—i moonlight as an unofficial tour guide of queens  let me know the next time you re in town and…
rt  houseadm_dems   repbrady - the congressional workplace should have zero tolerance for sexualharassment and any kind of discrimination
at the same time  potus cries  transparency  to denigrate the fbi and obstruct the mueller investigation  he offers…
loebsack successful in effort to ensure life-saving medical research continues
congratulations to  stjohnsbball  outstanding win over top-ranked villanova  just days after defeating then fourth-…
rt  appropsdems    repcartwright offers amdt to restore   for community development block grants  used for meals on wheels  wide range of o…
rt  davidfrum  can we hear no more about how trump is tougher on russia than obama  uk accuses russia of carrying out a nerve gas attack on…
always a pleasure to meet with my friends from the la/oc building & construction trades council  we spoke about our…
did you miss my interview with  carriesaldo on  wgby on friday  the entire segment can be viewed here 
50 years since his tragic death  martin luther king  jr  continues to inspire americans of all ages & backgrounds t…
happy earth day  we only have one planet  and we need to cherish and protect it—not just for us but for generations…
rt  goldenknights  this is our city we 💛 💛 💛 💛 you  vegas
rt  energycommerce  watch live  environmental subcommittee hearing with epa administrator  epascottpruitt →
today we celebrate the american workforce and their determination  innovation  and most of all  hard work  labor day
rt  raiseupmo  how low is unemployment  really  7 6 million americans took on more than one job in 2017 – an amount not seen in over two de…
mexico must tear down its structures of an industrial policy built on suppressing its workers that impacts american…
the virginia tech community lost a true legend and friend in president emeritus charles w  steger  i pray for his f…
happy lunar new year to all of those celebrating today  may you be welcomed with good luck and success 
congratulations to 1st-grader sarah gomez-lane of  pinespringfcps  fcpsnews in  fallschurch  who was the state winn…
rt  nometrealtors   reprichmond it nullifies tax incentives for most homeowners  by doubling the standard deduction  only 5% of taxpayers w…
rt  kimberlyeatkins    repstephenlynch opens dedication ceremony for a commemorative chair in emancipation hall in…
  usatopinion we can pass my climate change education act to help americans learn their impact on climate & how to reduce it tell u s a today
rt  officialcbc  we send our thoughts and prayers to linda brown s loved ones  may she rest in power  the struggle to end  separate but equ…
the g o p tax scam overwhelmingly benefits the wealthiest americans & corporations w/o closing loopholes & raises the…
tonight marks the start of passover  chag sameach to all who are celebrating 
rt  housedemwomen  women of color must work even longer to catch up to what white men made in 2017 ⬇️ -black women must work until august…
 memphis jewish community picked up m l k s torch -story by  michaelshure aired in israel& u s tells story of…
the east county naacp is a strong partner in our fight for the elimination of injustice & inequality  i joined them…
i will continue to use my senior position in congress and  tetf  to fight for equality until the violence & hatred ends  trans is beautiful
rep  davis opening statement at human resources subcommittee hearing on  jobs and opportunity  local perspectives…
congratulations to  ucla  uclabeachvb   ca33  is proud of you  go bruins
it s never too early for a pit-stop at  carrvalley cheese  thanks to the fennimore crew and igor the mouse for the…
until members of congress put country over party and start getting things done  they don t deserve a raise  this we…
asian american women are paid 84 cents for every dollar paid to white men  this gap amounts to a loss of  9 136 a year  as am equal pay
victory   potus calls off sham voting commission because citizens in nh and across the country pushed back against…
rt  telegraphherald    repmarkpocan meets with constituents in darlington at a public town hall
i m heartbroken by the murder of deputy william j  gentry jr   who was shot last night in the line of duty  deputy…
president trump s refusal to implement bipartisan russian sanctions sends a signal to foreign powers that our democ…
rt  houstonchron  rockets clinch no  1 spot in western conference
rt  rebeccashabad   reppaultonko  you have failed as a steward of american taxpayer dollars and our environment   tonko said 
the  whitehouse issued a second  protecting the nation from foreign terrorist entry into the united states  executive order to  clarify    
rt  hospitals4kids  thank you  repcleaver for your support for chgme and advocacy on behalf of the nation s children
rt  newsradio930  national honors for erie county family court judge lisa bloch rodwin
rt  repalgreen  mr  president  texas requested  61b to support victims of hurricane harvey  how can you possibly think your  44b disaster a…
rt  chicagosmayor  chicago stands with puerto rico   repgutierrez and i are in san juan distributing 5 200 lbs of non-perishable goods  med…
it was wonderful to see so many democrats out at the caucuses last weekend  looking forward to another great day today 
the omnibus bill passed by the house earlier today includes many hard-won democratic priorities  but it leaves major issues unresolved 
about to join  erinburnett on  outfrontcnn to discuss the continued threats on the special counsel investigation  📺
rt  oversightdems  breaking  top democrats request documents after reports that jared kushner companies received massive loans after white…
on march 5  the number of dreamers who become undocumented and unable to work and live here without the constant fe…
question for fellow political junkies  is this the first tax cut that has ever polled more negatively than positive…
latest nuclear test is yet another step in north korea s continuous efforts to destabilize the region & exacerbate tensions across the world
veterans put their lives on the line for our country  now caring for their lives is our responsibility  and we owe…
if your  daca  expired on or after september 5  2016 you may submit a daca renewal application   uscis recommends 90…
it was great meeting the 4th grade students of  nyc   ny13   dwightschool today at the  uscapitol
one in three americans get their first job in the restaurant industry  great to have members of the…
coming together at the table is only one part of the equation  but it is an important one  i plan to use the remain…
this week  i joined   officialmlk3 at the congressional ceremony honoring his father  the rev  dr  martin luther ki…
rt  taxjustice   we have to continue to use our voices  we cannot be silent  the goptaxscam puts corporations and the richest before the m…
amen  powerful and thoughtful  thanks for sharing this 
rt  usprogressives  we wrote to the senate intel  committee to express our concerns about the nomination and possible confirmation of gina…
we cannot accept the indifference and indignity our republican colleagues continue to show dreamers  thank you…
talking to  abc7newsbayarea s dan ashley about the turmoil in the white house  this is not normal 
  njfmba valor awards dinner in edison with president ed donnelly and assemblyman rob karibinchak  congratulations…
i stand firmly with my friends  roslehtinen &  repeliotengel  the rule of law must prevail in guatemala &  ciciggt…
rt  replawrence  proud to have signed onto a letter to  secnielsen from  nydiavelazquez &  sengillibrand demanding that the trump administr…
in honor of women s history month  we celebrate ann bancroft - the first woman to reach both the north and south po…
i m anti-child slaughter  why aren t you  enough is enough
the number one responsibility of the president is to protect our nation s security  instead  president trump s anno…
i am saddened to hear of the passing of linda brown  as a grade school student at the center of the monumental…
happy earth day  scott pruitt should resign 
my full statement on have act and the importance of affordable age in place for hawaii families here →
on thursday  april 5  i ll be hosting a town hall at  njcuniversity for teens and young adults on gun safety  all…
i have advocated for years for a permanent solution for dreamers and have been calling for months for a vote on leg…
rep  tulsi gabbard is committed to leveling the playing field so that the voices of all americans are heard  by inc…
  realdonaldtrump clearly believes that the best defense is a good offense  but enough is enough  these attacks on…
my friend and colleague  repjohnyarmuth had these pins made for all of us who received an  f  from the nra  i ve ne…
be sure to mark your calendars  our next town hall is this monday  march 26 at pomperaug high school in southbury …
rt  markpoloncarz  domestic violence is a terrible scourge on society   eriecountyny is proud to partner with others to provide a 24 hour d…
terribly sad to learn about the loss of my dear friend louise slaughter  she was a history-making  trailblazing cha…
on world malaria day  malaria caucus co-chairs  repgregorymeeks and  repchrissmith urge renewed u s  commitment to…
today we celebrate earth day  originally established in 1970 in response to rising environmental concerns like poll…
rt  repadams  women-owned small businesses are the economic engines of our communities  employing millions each year  they need a a better d…
loebsack demands answers from equifax on data breach
a valentine s day special  wealthy donors gush over the g o p tax scam  and  housegop and  senategop cash in ➡️…
the army s advanced research lab makes sure our soldiers have the most up to date  cutting-edge technology possible…
we owe a debt of gratitude to all vets especially the thousands of  wwii  fil am vets alive and fighting to be reunited with their families 
rt  repdankildee  four years later  flint families are still recovering from the water crisis and having to use filters & bottled water  in…
through partnerships with habitat for humanity and others  we are revitalizing our neighborhoods  and in turn  stre…
rt  thehill  russian lawyer in trump tower meeting says she was  informant  for russian government
happy mothers day  dc mothers and grandmothers  i m enjoying mother s day with my children and grandchildren  may y…
disappointed by  scotus  deadlock on  daca/   dapa   immigrants are a cornerstone of our country & make communities stronger  fight for families
rt  saaprichicago  last week saapri joined ncso s lobby day in dc  we met w/ staff of  senatordurbin  janschakowsky &  repmikequigley to pu…
on  iwd2018   as we celebrate the contributions that women have made  we must recommit to our work to advance equali…
today  i voted against the g o p tax scam  a bill that will raise taxes on california families in order to hand defici…
a third judge has now ruled that president trump s decision to end the daca program was unconstitutional 
great to see that  cnmonline is one of the top brewing schools in north america  shoutout and congratulations to…
thanks to red tent women s initiative for providing safety & support for pinellas women in need during…
i come away from our town halls with so much energy  so many new ideas  and so much gratitude for the chance to ser…
rt  repgutierrez  today s press conference was broadcast on facebook live   repraulgrijalva  repespaillat  repjayap…
i encourage all  oruconnect customers who went without power for three or more consecutive days during the recent s…
rt  taxmarch    repjoecrowley is not mincing words   trump promised to help working men and women  he lied   tax day tax march
mahalo  potus for helping 40mil americans w/studentdebt  i urge congress act on my bill to codify good practices https //t co/utm6b7e7ci
the trump administration is trying to implement a new rule that would prevent the  epa  from considering the best s…
we may be getting closer to reinstating net neutrality  the internet must be fair & open for all  the american peop…
the sharply rising suicide rate in puerto rico shows how hopeless many americans there still feel  their government…
throughout her life she worked to protect and strengthen american workers through helping craft laws that barred ch…
i held a town hall for students where i listened to their personal stories  fears  and hopes to be the generation t…
president trump s decision to end the lawful immigration status of thousands of liberians is heartless and hurts am…
as a nuclear non-proliferation agreement  the iran deal was intended to limit iran s ability to develop nuclear bom…
i am saddened to hear about the passing of former first lady barbara bush  she was a role model to generations of a…
make sure to join us tonight at 5 pm at  nfaschool for our annual second congressional district art competition and…
rt  joesonka    repjohnyarmuth s guest to the sotu address is leo salinas chacón  a uofl student and daca recipient  he was one of the drea…
rt  brhodes  it took five years of diplomacy to build the sanctions regime and two years of diplomacy to reach a deal  trump is blowing tha…
thank you  delaware league of local governments for an engaging discussion about the issues facing our cities and t…
including  stpetebeachfl s upham beach in current restoration project will save money & better protect our coasts …
why i m voting against the gop tax bill tomorrow
rt  mombian  thank you   repmikehonda  new bill aims to unblock  lgbtq  content in schools  libraries
cööl  thank yöu 
as if the major cost to hardworking wisconsinites wasn t enough  gov  walker s new foxconn plant could destroy the…
there s a lot of celebration in the chamber about elimination of the health insurance mandate considering the fact…
the cinderella dream team rambles on  congratulations to  ramblersmbb for another spectacular win …
rt  governortomwolf  i m proud to join state legislators   sixers co-owner  michaelgrubin  and artist  meekmill today to announce proposals…
rt  nationalnurses   we have a healthcare system that is not designed to provide quality care  we have a healthcare system designed to make…
mary and i visited the dnr walleye netting operation on the pine river today  walleyes are stripped of over 70 mill…
specifically  we will be looking at whether the opinion allows delaware to offer full-scale sports gaming beyond pa…
net neutrality means consumers — not big corporations— choose what websites and applications we see online  save the internet
nassau county has warming centers open if you need emergency shelter  find details here  &…
simply put  there is no department or organization better suited to conduct this critically important research than…
we have been too silent for too long about the gun epidemic gripping our country  the young people leading…
in light of earth day yesterday  it s important to remember how far we ve come and remain committed to tackling the…
i humbly thank you il07cd 
wishing the first lady a fast and full recovery 
my live telephone town hall is happening next tuesday  may 1 at 6 30 p m  mt  i m looking forward to a great discus…
trump is putting iran back on the path toward a nuclear bomb  u s  leadership will be diminished & our ability to n…
rt  burtonbig1   brownformd got my vote✔️✔️
want to explore coltsville  tomorrow the  natlparkservice is offering walking tours of the national historic park …
thats no middle class tax cut
rt  ywcapasadena  confused about the new tax legistlation and what that will mean for your taxes this year and in years to come  rep judy c…
rt  missplair  lamar h s at m v teen summit
fattah launches neuroscience consulting group | phillyvoice   25 million helped   much more to come   cf
esto es positivo ya q los médicos en la isla recibirán pagos federales más altos por cada servicio médico q provean a pacientes de medicare
we accomplished many things and made a great difference in two years  and i can t thank you enough for your support   ne02   2/2 
it s been over a year and we re still waiting for this guy to bring all the jobs back  all talk  no action
  housegop s balanced budget amendment targets social security & medicare for deep cuts  which is why 269 national…
last week  i introduced the rural docs act to make substance abuse treatment more available to our  az01  rural comm…
republicans just passed their tax scheme  again  this time sending it to  potus for his signature  i voted  no  on…
rt  repmceachin  it s tax day – which means my republican colleagues will be talking up the g o p tax scam until they are blue in the face  ju…
earth day events are held in more than 193 countries worldwide to demonstrate the urgency of environmental protecti…
rt  wamcnews    reppaultonko says addiction treatment services need to be expanded and readily available to curb the opiate crisis 
today  we remember black easter april 6  1914  and the deportation and slaughter of greeks from eastern thrace 
rt  michaeledkelly    repjayapal says it all pretty well right here 
we cannot accept this as the new normal  gun violence is a scourge and an epidemic  and it requires bold   
rt  thehill   breaking   mueller interviewed putin-tied oligarch about hundreds of thousands of dollars paid to cohen  report
sounds big and sounds loud but does not sound like paradise by the broadway lights  still  two out of three ain t b…
honored to be invited to discuss the future of transportation today at the transportation center at my alma mater …
i ll be opposing the 2018 farm bill because it makes it harder for families to access the services they need  among…
rt  repswalwell  every day   realdonaldtrump brings us closer and closer to a constitutional crisis  he needs a check  there is no excuse f…
time for do nothing republican congress to put safety of america s children above campaign contributions from the gun lobby real talk
this women s history month  i encourage you to explore the remarkable legacies and stories of american women at
rt  safepeacefulchi   lmarieasad  chicago_police  chicagocaps15  robinrobinson  repdannydavis congratulations  we hope block clubs take a c…
rt  nwlc   when bias drives discipline  black girls miss out on the chance to learn   - fgossgraves and  repbonnie
 breaking   filing suit against  realdonaldtrump s administration over decision to add citizenship question on…
clearly  the trump administration isn t going to let facts get in the way of their anti-immigrant narrative 
there are a few spots left for my job readiness session tonight at thornton township high school s technical buildi…
proposed changes will impact 23 000 active duty military households across the country enrolled in  snap   our milit…
thank you   repjohnlewis  your vote your voice do your part
this is what change looks like in huntington  ny  what s it look like in your community  marchforourlives
your 1st trivia tuesday question  which new orleans neighborhood is known as the oldest african-american neighborhood in the us   nola300 
rt  portoftacoma  we have several spots on this saturday s free bus tour of the port of tacoma  you can t get any closer to this part of in…
i posted a new photo to facebook
during mental health month just like every other  we stand with the 1 in 5 americans affected by a mental health con…
 daca  program has transformed the lives of hundreds of thousands of immigrants who want to contribute to the colle…
  potus turned his back on america s workers  and his tax cuts will increase the very things he rallied against as…
rt  repjuanvargas  i m hosting a free tax preparation event next friday  march 9th in imperial county  please call my office at  760  312-9…
rt  housedemocrats    repgaramendi  ca-03  helped out at the construction site of a housing project and discussed veteran homelessness in d…
congratulations to  septa on the upcoming launch of positive train control  more about septa s commitment to safety 
rt  melslien   rephankjohnson  speaking about the history of law enforcement unfairly targeting black activists   we can t [view this repor…
wishing you all a safe and happy thanksgiving with family and friends thanksgiving2017
i joined  alivelshi on  msnbc for a great in-depth discussion of trump s failure to go to congress for an authoriza…
agradezco a  nancypelosi el nombramiento al grupo de trabajo de desarrollo económico de  promesa  
this is not a farm bill  it s a harm bill  washington republicans in the ag  committee are proposing another blow to…
rt  harvardchlpi  thank you to everyone who followed along for the foodis medicine congressional briefing  and thank you to special guest  …
 epaoig pruitt s taxpayer-funded travel abuses don t stop at first-class flights  last year  he reportedly used tax…
while iran deal wasn t perfect  i believe it was best possible mechanism to stop iran from continuing to develop nu…
honored to receive a perfect score on the  lcvoters  environmental scorecard which evaluates the environmental reco…
glad to meet  md05  students last night at my annual military service academy forum  i m impressed that so many outs…
from the davis family  please enjoy the blessings of another easter day 
the special counsel s inquiry has 19 indictments and 3 cooperating guilty pleas after less than a year  this is no…
from appointing polluting pruitt to head the epa and roll back obama-era environmental protections to isolating us…
i agree with my friend  gerryconnolly  and support his call for an immediate hearing on the dc va medical center  o…
it s shameful that the  housegop is undermining medicare in order to provide tax cuts to the wealthy  trump care pay more for less
tired of science taking a back seat to politics  so am i  that s why i m supporting strong public scientific integr…
it is vital that every student has the opportunity to reach their dreams  congrats to  bdchs_phoenix artists for th…
secretary carson once called poverty a  state of mind   i wonder what he calls spending  31 000 on a dining set fo…
rt  catholicconfil  the gangs all here at   stchristinascl in chicago as   replipinski and   riggjim celebrate catholic schools week 
rt  reproybalallard  we must pass rep   nydiavelazquez s american promise act  so individuals who have lived in the u s  under  tps  for at…
  usedgov announcement today is also a direct assault on the work achieved by california  we ve led the country in…
rt  femaregion6  looking for texas recovery resources  visit the hurricane harvey resource portal at representativ…
america s seniors have given so much to our country  we need to make sure we re standing up for them  protecting…
great time at the  bostonward5dems committee meeting last night  thanks for the invitation 
this loophole has prevented internationally-adopted children  who are now adults  from receiving u s  citizenship d…
remembering those we lost 75 years ago today  pearl harbor remembrance day
we re live now  https //t co/xtjia5nzs6  repjohnkatko  aacap  namicommunicate  mentalhealtham  nationalffcmh…
rt  aacnpolicy   repkihuen  thank you for cosponsoring the title v i i i nursing workforce reauthorization act  h r  959  
if you are not willing to visit schools that are struggling  how can you understand the challenges they are facing …
i loved meeting the students at school of discovery in selma this morning  they are a fantastic group of young peop…
rt  geoffreyfowler  zuckerberg saying we  control  our data is like claiming anyone can  control  a 747 because it has buttons and dials  w…
today  i discussed water issues in texas with the mayor of san antonio   ron_nirenberg 
without this agreement  we have no way to stop russia from returning it to iran who could use it to develop nuclear…
great meeting today with chief of  airforcereserve lt  gen  maryanne miller to discuss air force reserve budget and…
we will not stand idly by  we are committed to protecting our people  our values  and our economy from federal overreach 
thousands of hoosiers signed up for health insurance for the first time under the affordable care act  republicans…
great to see senate democrats forcing real action to overrule the fcc and restore net neutrality  the american peop…
our military needs all who are qualified and willing to serve  gender identity should not be an artificial hurdle t…
the organization for american states can do more to promote democracy & human rights for latin america  today s wes…
rt  reprichardneal  you can t upend the tax system without creating serious problems – & we re already seeing the g o p tax scam creating many…
participants of this year s  faithnpolitics civil rights pilgrimage hearing stories of resilience at 16th street ba…
today marks 50 years since martin luther king  jr  s death & robert f  kennedy s historic indianapolis speech  i a…
rt  consumerfed    rweintraubcfa introduces consumer advocate  repraskin consumer assembly
  bizfed is an important regional partner in tackling the challenges facing our business community  today  i was gr…
this response reminds me of the words of elie wiesel  the opposite of love isn t hate  it s indifference 
rt  repjohnlewis  50 years ago today  i learned the painful news that my friend  my mentor  dr  martin luther king  jr  had been assassinat…
dialogue is a good thing  but in meeting with kim jong-un  president trump must have a plan and be clear-eyed about…
i was sad to learn of the passing of my friend rep  louise slaughter— a trailblazer as the first woman to chair the…
more than 6 months after hurricane maria  and puerto rico is still experiencing devastating blackouts  strong feder…
thanks to the  massdems for a great millennial event at the china pearl  young women and men are the future of our…
rt  capac  happy small business week  asian american businesses create jobs in local communities and have a huge economic impact nationwide …
joined  nydiavelazquez  repespaillat and community residents to denounce outrageous rent increases proposed by secr…
you don t need to take my word for it  former  hhsgov secretary tom price  one of the architects of republican heal…
may is military appreciation month  a time to thank current and former members of the u s  armed forces and to honor…
puerto rico s blackout  the largest in american history thousands of americans are still without power in part bec…
scott pruitt s time at the  epa has been mired with secrecy  waste of taxpayer money & widespread conflicts of inte…
  realdonaldtrump s attempt to add a citizenship question to the census poses a serious threat to our city & democr…
rt  sbsheriff  sb county oem  storm update  expect heavy rain  flooding & debris flows in & below sb co burn areas  if you have not evacuat…
i m proud to stand with  jbpritzker in the fight for netneutrality  a free internet is vital to our democracy 
looking forward to joining  cspan shortly  tune into  cspanwj at 9 30 to check it out 
this is no hoax  with gripping detail  the mueller indictments show how russians infiltrated our elections with mil…
rt  hispaniccaucus  🗣🗣🗣 césar chávez risked his life to overcome the very racism & bigotry that rep  gohmert espouses  for him to twist & w…
great to join my i p s  pmiller114 for donuts with dads today  shoutout to all the dads who showed up to enjoy quality…
i m honored to have juan join me at the  sotu  tonight  juan is an impressive young oregonian & i m committed to mak…
all over  mn07  companies are looking for skilled workers to fill open positions   bemidji
propped up by  speakerryan   gop s house intel investigation protected  realdonaldtrump at every turn  refusing to…
maxine waters calls for trump impeachment after  sh---hole  comment
sending deepest condolences to the bush family on the passing of former first lady barbara bush  an important figu…
gina haspel played a key role in president bush s torture program & the cia confirmed she participated in destroyin…
 stevekornacki ed koch s candidate didn t win that ny primary  but he made out okay 4 years later when he was chosen to be vp 
joined  nuvasiveinc to break ground on their hq expansion  the new addition will help train spine surgeons around t…
democrats are here and ready to work with republicans to reopen the government  america is waiting on the gop to gi…
relieved to learn that north korea has finally released 3 korean americans—kim dong-chul  tony kim  & kim hak-song—…
rt  rosadelauro  the ideas democrats are pushing for aren t controversial  we should be helping our veterans  we should be fighting the opi…
keeping you informed is important to me and my staff  add your name to the list here   ne02 
while the families of flint  michigan still await clean water  polluting pruitt installs a secret phone booth & fli…
we are a country and a world of diverse communities and ideas  embrace tolerance for a stronger  more peaceful tomorrow tolerance day
over three decades later  america is still without a repository  leaving tens of thousands of metric tons of nuclea…
this is like doing a book report in high school without reading the book   devinnunes did not do his homework  he…
i posted a new photo to facebook
boy booed at trump rally  the next day  he met president obama 
so far this year   8 1 million in federal grants have been awarded to 25 organizations and local governments in our…
rt  kylegriffin1  at least six house republicans have suddenly backed a bill to prevent trump from unilaterally firing robert mueller 
being one of the most independent members of congress helps me cut through the partisan dysfunction in washington t…
rt  replloyddoggett  since 2006  the average cost for a year of medication for someone with a chronic disease has more than doubled to over…
👏👏senator  as first lady michelle obama said   when they go low  we go high  
so  realdonaldtrump is going with keep america great  what s so great about crumbling schools for our kids  paychec…
 housebudgetdems the g o p budget threatens medicaid expansion and the funding of medicare which many louisianans benefit from    
i support legislation to protect mueller from being fired by  realdonaldtrump  i urge house & senate leadership to…
rt  foodandwater   repraskin thank you for sponsoring the w a t e r act to make water service safer  more affordable & accessible  water for all…
it s national small business week  learn how to develop and grow your smallbiz at
rt  thenyhc  thank you for your leadership  nydiavelazquez  repjeffries  repespaillat  cssnyorg  nychousing  legalaidnyc
here s my response to president trump s tweets attacking the legal system and the department of justice s investiga…
i ve called on the president to make sure any infrastructure bill includes my new deal rural broadband act 
the right to peacefully assemble and to protest has always been guaranteed by our constitution  and these young peo…
congratulations to all the new elected officials who were sworn in yesterday 
at the women s caucus hearing on sexual harassment in the service sector  our work here today means the days for ha…
this is tragic   trump announces withdrawal from iran nuclear deal  will re-institute sanctions 
just landed in hilo and headed to civil defense for update from emergency management leaders  first responders have…
mueller should subpoena deutsche bank if he has reason to believe it would lead to evidence russians laundered mone…
mr  speaker  the answer to your prayers is written across the face of every shattered parent  every devastated chil…
house republicans blew  2 trillion on reckless tax cuts for millionaires/billionaires and we re supposed to believe…
rt  cahnemily  now sanders is lying about daca  there was a bipartisan deal on daca that the white house scuttled and pushed its own plan t…
the dream act of 2017  h r  3440   would grant  daca  recipients the legal status and path to citizenship that they deserve protect d r e a mers
rt  idaveprice   what i see from president trump is impulse   repswalwell tells me as he looks at trade war with china and its impact 
i am frustrated and saddened by the trump shutdown  to my constituents  my website contains information on what hap…
like animal crackers  happy snack brand crackers are made right here in  il10  at  mktsquarefoodco & are distributed…
i went to the floor of the house of representatives to call for expanded compensation for individuals exposed to ra…
rt  neveragainmsd  they cannot ignore thousands of letters  all you have to do is pick up a pen and write  we will make change  never again…
icymi   ajitpaifcc and  fcc s decision to eliminate net neutrality rules allows cable companies and service provide…
rt  vtsmoke  yesterday vermont state representative  peterwelch visited us and toured our facility  thanks for stopping by  we had a great…
let s face it  if reports are true that kushner discussed setting up a secret back channel out of russian facilitie…
thank you and farewell to our spring semester intern  emoni  emoni is from durham and spent the semester in my wash…
reminder - join me tonight at  benu1887 for a discussion on netneutrality 
please know if your daca expired on or after september 5  2016 you may submit a daca renewal application …
rt  repdelbene  i ve never heard a middle class family tell me that the way to secure their future is to give corporations a tax giveaway …
thanks to all who took part in our community forum today  we covered a lot of ground  for those who were unable to…
read my full statement honoring our fallen and calling for action for these atomicvets here→https //t co/8ermajiynq
 senbobcorker during a time when our nation faces serious threats around the world  this nation desperately needs a…
valley equipment company designs and builds the machines that crush and screen aggregate  an essential construction…
i m joining  foxandfriends tomorrow in the 6 am pt/9 am et hour to discuss north korea and more  what do you think…
working together – from the county commission chambers to the halls of congress – putting pinellas first 
2/3 retirees rely on social security for most of their income  let s keep it strong for current & future generations  social security80
rt  ericliptonnyt  this is actually a bit scary   
the most accurate picture of the trump presidency is not last night s speech  it is this morning s resignation of t…
rt  coveredca  hey parents  it s children s mental health week  did you know screenings are included as preventive care for adolescents on…
rt  demsespanol  los republicanos promovieron su desastroso plan fiscal como una ley que beneficiaria a la clase media  la realidad es que…
one of the best articles i ve seen about this special moment  the pieces are coming together 
warmest wishes for a happy and joyous easter to everybody observing the holiday today 
we miss you  billy  happy birthday 
only in district1 vegas born go knights go
looks like another attempt by the trump administration to block equal access to health care  this time by discrimin…
financial help is available to cover your  daca  renewal fees  if you are enrolled in a uc or calstate help is avail…
rt  rokhanna  trump s decision to replace diplomacy with more sanctions will only increase tensions and lead to more violence in the middle…
today  we remember and honor the men and women who lost their lives in the attack on pearl harbor 76 years ago  tha…
when you see  las banderas  flying  you know it s about time for the orlando puerto rican parade to start   wftv…
congratulations to indy s alex azar on his confirmation as hhs secretary  i encourage him to renew efforts to expan…
tune in live with me and  repraulgrijalva as we hear from health and environmental experts and discuss recent poli…
national library week  visit erna fergusson library tomorrow at 10 a m  and ask master gardeners any of your plant…
today  i stood side by side with advocates  survivors and friends from across the country at the  lablifebreath ral…
paidleavemeans all working people – no matter where they live or work – have time to care for their own health and…
in new jersey  black women make only 58 cents for every dollar a white man makes  3/
on  foxbusiness at 12 10 re 2016 & obamacare  as a c a s primary sponsor  i know it s not perfect--but 20m are cover…
going live on cnn now  tune in and watch 
castner range press conference
rt  hispaniccaucus   in  icegov detention  pregnant women face stress  trauma  and inadequate care  write  reproybalallard &  repjayapal in…
rep  cicilline statement on chemical weapons attack in syria
 amjoyshow  bgpublic
we cannot settle for the us  epa having its budget slashed and hands tied leaving the great lakes and the millions…
i m voting against the g o p tax scam conference report because it raises taxes on millions of working families  takes…
today i introduced a resolution w/ repwalorski to honor anna mae hays  the 1st woman to achieve the rank of general…
reminder -- open enrollment runs through december 15  2017  find a plan that is right for your family today at…
deleting it doesn t make it disappear  dod report  de-emphasized the threats climatechange poses to military bas…
i m pleased to get up early to cast my vote 
without west virginian labor and coal  our nation would never have reached the heights that it has and they deserve…
thinking of my mother today  she taught me and my brother john that anything was possible in america if you decided…
wonderful meeting with president pinkard of  wilberforce_u today  a wonderful institution doing great work 
thank you to everyone who came out for our library of congress book drop at the east dubuque library  we dropped o…
from my family to yours  merry christmas  have a peaceful and joyous day with your friends and loved ones 
excited that  hudgov is granting over  1 8 million in homeless assistance continuum of care grants  grants will be…
this week we recognize national police week and the brave local  state  and federal officers who have died or been d…
it seems that every day brings a new story about epa administrator scott pruitt s ethical lapses and unchecked spen…
joe and barbara haynes were nashville s ultimate power couple for many  many years  it is sad to lose the senator w…
rt  youngdemsofmd   md  must have strong leaders like  jamie_raskin  brownformd  repcummings  call_me_dutch  johnsarbanes  jdelaneyformd  st…
rt  hispaniccaucus  our hearts go out to orlando and those rebuilding their lives amid memories of their loved ones
the use of chemical weapons by assad on his own people is unacceptable and we should take steps to deter these atro…
today i met with  federalreserve chairman powell about the state of our economy  the reasons behind the decline in…
to be very clear  the balanced budget amendment isn t about fiscal responsibility  it s just another scam  hoodwink…
proud to join today with  repraulgrijalva and my  nrdems colleagues to introduce much needed reforms to our mining…
thank you vp biden for visiting the congressional blue collar caucus today 
so proud to introduce w/  replobiondo our bipartisan  women and lung cancer research and preventive services act  -…
rt  thehill  just in  epa inspector general  pruitt misrepresented memo that he used to justify high security costs
i am grateful for the sacrifice of all those who serve and put their lives on the line for this country including t…
the budget amendment proposed by republicans is nothing more than a gimmick to compensate for irresponsible spendin…
this financial capability program teaches students the importance of savings and investing  while simultaneously pr…
rt  oif    repmikehonda introduces  don t block lgbtq act  to ensure access to info  the bill 
rt  prochoicecaucus  more than four million people depend on title x for birthcontrol and family planning   potus  efforts to undermine th…
the tendency of the trump administration to mislead or flat-out lie when the facts don t fit their narrative is bey…
rt  housenewdems  today  new dem  reppeteaguilar introduced the bipartisan  queen-of-the-hill  rule  which would force debate and a vote in…
we need a hearing on burn pits immediately to get answers for our veterans  click to watch my speech on the house f…
the trump-pence administration is considering implementing a domestic gag rule --threatening health care for 4m peo…
rt  govmurphy  join us as we sign into law a tough and sweeping measure to protect our coastline from the dangers of offshore drilling  ht…
rt  politifact  trump claims   we enacted the biggest tax cuts and reforms in american history   that s false   sotu 
thank you for your work as well 
i had lunch with my good friend  reppaulmark at  berkshirepizzeria in charlemont yesterday  great small business h…
today  we honor arizona peace officers who gave their lives to protect our communities  peace officers memorial day
rt  senatorserrano  earlier this evening i was proud to join my friends  vanessalgibson &  joinjoyner for a black history month celebration…
visiting washington dc this month  enjoy walk-up wednesdays at the  nmaahc  no passes needed but you might want to…
rt  everytown   it s time for people to be honest about what we re doing here  we are endangering public safety to cozy up to one of the bi…
classic scott pruitt  hidden dirty dealing intended to lead to dirtier air for us to breathe 
i posted a new photo to facebook
 matheovidal yes  will pm the details
i m honored to have earned a perfect score on the 2017 l c v scorecard  check it out here 
hundreds of oregonians showed up this morning for our  teach-in  on the disastrous gop tax bill & its impacts on th…
great talking with folks today at the blake estates  mayor walsh and i had the privilege of speaking with seniors a…
rt  deanobeidallah  wanted to share new  rawstory article about  reprubengallego  d-az  on my  sxmprogress show crushing trump s claim that…
earlier this week we were reminded of the horror and tragedy that millions of syrians experience every day  the use…
i was invited to celebrate catholic schools week at three more schools today  my first stop was st  catherine of a…
rep  robert carlos de large served the 2nd district of  sc  from 1871 to 1872  black history month  tbt   3/9 
congrats to  bettendorfia s own bryan woods and scott beck on the movie they wrote   a quiet place   on becoming th…
ny state cong delegation mtg w/ lt gov  kathyhochul to discuss zika opioids housing infrastructure
rt  hispaniccaucus  our members are demanding that the trump administration stop deporting active military & veteran spouses  military fami…
rt  chicagobarfound  thanks to  repmikequigley for being such a strong advocate for  lsctweets funding & other a2j issues  bonus  we got t…
america s workers are the best in the world – and deserve the tools to help them stay on top  a better deal
a photo of martin luther king that hangs in my dc office  he s speaking to a group of people in what looks like a ch…
right now  you can still apply to renew your daca  if you meet the requirements to apply for daca renewal  you shou…
rt  hfacdemocrats  rm  repeliotengel s statement on trump s decision to override his administration s plan to impose new sanctions on russi…
visited  calpolycie hothouse during smallbusinessweek to learn about some of the innovative companies coming out o…
accessibility and accountability are important parts of my work  i have held at least five town halls this year 
rt  thedemocrats  congressional republicans are trying to avoid responsibility for the disastrous g o p tax scam  but we know americans will h…
rt  donaldnorcross  proud to introduce the workplace democracy act w/ sensanders   repmarkpocan &  rosadelauro  we must fight back agains…
i guess we ll see who is scared of whom  💰💰💰 nra  = no republican action 💰💰💰
my thoughts and prayers are with the victims of the horrific attack in manchester and their families 
check out this week s action steps and make your corner of the world a little better 
throughout his career in congress   mickmulvaneyomb was never pro-consumer  heck  he hated the  cfpb because it pro…
meet brittni brown  beebrownpr  owner of  thebeeagencypr   known as   the millennial s publicist  she takes pride…
rt  homelanddems  hurricane maria hit puerto rico 100 days ago  ranking member  benniegthompson wrote the president again on the inadequat…
rt  repcuellar  america is true to its values when we protect d r e a mers   housegop  the d r e a m act is what our country deserves  we must pass…
it is shameful for anyone to attack students – especially survivors of gun violence – with anti-semitic slurs and n…
pleased to recently sit down with keith kirkpatrick on lakeshore focus  stay tuned for the upcoming broadcast next…
 truefactsstated  karebearscare  kamalaharris  adamschiffca  sensherrodbrown  senbooker claude  please stop talking to my wife 
it is always inspiring to see the talent from young artists  thank you to the students who participated in this yea…
rt  officialcbc  stephon clark michael brown rekia boyd sandra bland sean bell philando castile tamir rice freddie gray walter scott teren…
here s an updated link 
the gop house farm bill guts nearly  20b dollars from s n a p-our nation s most important and effective anti-hunger p…
rt  senwhitehouse  while there is lots more to be done  it s good to celebrate progress  renewables dollars are more likely to stay in ri a…
as  americanrivers notes in their new endangered rivers report  minnesota s boundary waters are threatened by dang…
today  my colleagues in the  hispaniccaucus and i met with white house chief of staff john kelly to emphasize the u…
clearly  it s more important than ever to make your voice heard at the poll  register to vote…
from my family to yours  happy ramadan to those celebrating  wishing you great health and blessings during the holy…
wishing everyone a very healthy  happy and relaxing mother s day 
rep  cicilline thanks americorps and seniorcorps volunteers in woonsocket on national service recognition day…
providence s  cm_medmates  medmates stopped in to talk about the opioid crisis  drug prices  and other important he…
this week  i joined my colleagues in calling on the fcc to delay their net neutrality vote to let the public have m…
this is what commonsense gun reform looks like  congress should follow oregon s lead 
instead  we must embrace du bois  call to fight against injustice in all its forms  social and economic  through ed…
as ranking dem on the financial services subcommittee  i pushed  mickmulvaneyomb on  wasteful spending   it s alarm…
how is this a witch hunt when  realdonaldtrump appointed the ag  dep ag  fbi director and us attorney in ny who wer…
rt  mrmicahali    comptonunified lauds  cbrangel  the lion of lenox avenue  reflects on 5 decade legacy in washington
the future of the internet is at stake in the fight against the  fcc s repeal of net neutrality  good news -- senat…
     13 billion for special education part b state grants  idea   an increase of  275 million in funding 
addiction is a disease  not a crime  and no one plans to be homeless  too many families in  wa  & across the country…
rt  repdwightevans  my bill would use our tax code to allow school buildings to qualify for a tax credit in order to fix our crumbling sch…
rt  transportdems  today  water resources and environment subcommittee hearing will feature testimony from the united states army corps of…
the g o p tax scam gives 83 percent of the tax cuts to the wealthiest 1 percent  trump and congressional republicans p…
rt  repteddeutch  same headline  different state  praying for the injured  and raging against congressional inaction  34 days since  msds… 
national park week starts today  celebrate with your family by visiting the natural wonder right in our backyard  c…
congratulations   repbarbaralee  who has fought tirelessly with me to defend reprorights of dc women  each year  s…
thank you  google for bringing grow with google to indy  today and tomorrow  thousands of hoosiers will take part i…
it s small business week  i am taking a walking tour of three small businesses with the burlington chamber of commer…
thank you marie & roushaunda for bravely sharing your stories at our bipartisan hearing on sexual harassment  i hop…
sending my best wishes as the  warriors kick off the western conference finals  dub nation
join me live on facebook right now for my opioid workshop and how to help loved ones  watch at
attn bay area residents  skyway bridge closed due to high winds 
illinois is home to 40 000  soybean growers & 2 000  pork producers  these new chinese trump tariffs could end gene…
hurricane maria caused devastation across puerto rico  killing hundreds  destroying homes  causing blackouts that s…
2/2 -- and we all should have honest  thoughtful conversations with our doctors before taking potentially addictive pain medications 
👶🎸🕷🌧☀️ take your child to work day
congrats to wyckoff resident & ramapo high school graduate  dylansmusiq for continuing to advance on  nbcthevoice …
rt  unicef  water is a right  not a privilege 💧 rt if you agree  world water day
way to go   famu drs girls basketball team and the  aucillawarriors on your amazing seasons  best of luck on the s…
rt  aauwpolicy  thank you  lorettasanchez for your dedication to closing the paygap & standing for equality  black womens equal pay
rt  campaign4kids   repjimmcdermott welcome back  champion for children rep  mcdermott  looking to congress to invest in kids in 2015 
today in womens history month i want to recognize birmingham s own vonetta flowers - the first black woman ever to w…
prayers with the family of deputy parrish and the other officers who were shot in colorado 
net neutrality protects innovators and small businesses in our district — they can t afford  fcc efforts to undermi…
rt  thenextpgh  mayor  billpeduto joins  usrepmikedoyle   dcedsecretary   ace_fitzgerald  &  amazon leaders to celebrate the expansion of t…
these men look ready to hold the president accountable 
judiciary dems warn trump  don t fire mueller  sessions during house recess | thehill
two days of hearings have shown that facebook s explosive growth has far outpaced mr  zuckerberg s ability both to…
for this week s magic monday   asiwind shows magic can be done with just about anything  i hope you enjoy this week…
the eagles win the super bowl villanova is in the final four and now the sixers get fultz back  what a great time…
discussed many issues with our local firefighters from  uflac and  burbankfire this afternoon including increased f…
great visit with greater round lake fire protection district to see firsthand the impact of federal afg grants  whi…
rt  reptimwalz  2 million people will have their access to food threatened if the  housegop passes their hyper-partisan farm bill  that s…
great news 
attempted to add the dream act on to the short-term funding bill tonight as an amendment  but it was rejected  i l…
my amendment to invest in more drug detection canines to combat drug smugglers passed  dogs are our frontline defense against traffickers
may is jewish american heritage month  check out the great collection below from  librarycongress to learn more about…
the silence from the trump administration on this humanitarian crisis is deafening  and will be deadly if it contin…
rt  hbcucaucus   intel is leading the way in our collective effort to diversify our workforce  thanks for sharing your best practices with…
fifty years ago  we lost one of our nation s most valiant and respected leaders  dr  martin luther king  jr  in vie…
rt  johnbrennan  a highly partisan  incomplete  and deeply flawed report by a broken house committee means nothing  the special counsel s w…
rt  housejuddems  🚨 breaking   judiciary and  oversightdems issue joint statement after interview with cambridge analytica whistleblower⬇️…
rt  secarmy   tbt  it was an honor to speak alongside  call_me_dutch  judgecarter    armychiefstaff  and maj  gen  brian winski at the house…
smh  when i met with  secretarycarson i asked that he redirect unused section 8 vouchers to la and help us give inc…
the family of eric garner deserves justice  apparently  jeff sessions and the good ole boys have something else in…
the decision was made by our military  who are you talking to  what are you talking about  do you even know 
 the fight is never about grapes or lettuce  it is always about people   -cesar chavez chavez recognized the human…
the loss of deputy lawrence falce is a tragedy for our entire community  my heart goes out to his family  friends a…
 emmanuelmacron spoke before a joint session of congress today  speaking about the importance of multilateralism &…
pretending today s daca deadline does not arrive with urgency and fear for dreamers ignores the very real  human im…
it is time for polluting pruitt to go 
curious how these new chinese trump tariffs will impact illinois  tune in to  cnn now – i m live with  brikeilarcnn…
estaré disponible para aclararle a cualquier funcionario del gob local q necesite entender mejor las disposiciones específicas de promesa
rt  berniceking  please follow and share this  thekingcenter thread today  i encourage you to read and/or listen to each referenced  mlk  bo…
it s always great reading letters from folks back home when i m in the other washington  last week  i answered two…
61yrs ago today  rosa parks kept her seat on a bus in montgomery  al  was arrested & changed our nation …
rt  energycommerce  100  patient and provider groups oppose republican right to try legislation  if this bill is really about patients  why…
rt  apo_source    _africanunion honors  cbrangel for distinct accomplishments & friendship to africa & african union  dlaminizuma
last week s funding bill will benefit people across connecticut—with funding to expand health  education  child car…
w  philly has the highest poverty rate across our city  this is the result of awful policies that have inflicted pa…
proud to support  hr1227  ending federal marijuana prohibition act - which eliminates federal criminal penalties for…
thanks to  umichbball and coach  johnbeilein for keeping me at the top of the leaderboard  let s keep it up against…
the internet is for the people  net neutrality must be preserved so we can save the internet and every american is g…
met with capt  felix pacheo iii of hudson county  who is in dc on behalf of the national narcotics officers associa…
join our student town hall on gun safety tomorrow at 7 00 pm at the providence community center  more info below …
the  usedgov will soon make grants available to k-12 schools in states that enroll displaced students from puerto r…
this week  53 yrs  ago  landmark elementary & secondary education act was signed into law  this critical piece of l…
rt  repbrochester   reidsetzer from  younginvincible on why we need to support simplifying the fafsa process to encourage students from wor…
rt  nws  follow your local evacuation orders  your life depends on it  harvey
congress must balance our budget and reduce our debt – but we can t do it by breaking the promise we ve made to our…
community health centers care for the whole person  regardless of their ability to pay  happy to accept the distin…
rt  kylegriffin1  house financial services dems are pressing mnuchin for info about biz ties between trump and russia  demanding cooperatio…
you seem to have forgotten  mr  president  that there is at least one very notable republican on mueller s team — m…
right now  you can still apply to renew your daca  if you meet the requirements to apply for daca renewal  you shou…
rt  waysmeanscmte  when  repthompson asked about the effects of the republican tax law s large increases to the debt   steverattner explain…
2/2 the american people are smart enough to see through this lame  limp  hypocritical go-nowhere patheticness  it s…
i am disheartened by the news that has come out over the past year about the rampant abuse of power in washington a…
on tuesday  i called on my colleagues to join me in supporting the creation & expansion of quality mentoring progra…
now seems like a good time to remind people that robert mueller is a highly decorated veteran who has served under…
rt  reprichmond  yesterday   usedgov announced they will immediately issue hurricane loan forgiveness for  du1869   sunoknights   xula1925 …
the house foreign affairs committee is considering a number of bills at 10am this morning  including my resolution…
rt  funder  don t rt this  if you do it will make  realdonaldtrump angry😱  donald trump jr was the keynote speaker at a russian real estat…
another misguided & deceitful budget proposal from  realdonaldtrump for fy2019  after giving a huge tax break to th…
rep  joseph h  rainey served the 1st district of  sc  from 1869 to 1878  black history month  tbt   2/9 
rt  akbarsahmed  nixing the iran deal serves two of putin s top objectives  splintering the alliance of liberal democracies & fortifying ru…
i was honored to deliver long overdue service medals to the family of teaneck world war ii veteran  army master ser…
rt  flstatesociety  our delegation had a wonderful time celebrating the cherry blossom season last night  thanks to  repallawsonjr and boar…
during jewish american heritage month we pay tribute to countless jewish americans who have persevered in spite of di…
400 000 children across our state rely on chip to stay healthy  see a doctor  & get the care they need  we must rea…
a new study by  unitedway found over 40% of u s  households cannot afford to pay the basics like rent  transportati…
rt  capitolcorridor  at the official grand opening of the fairfield-vacaville station  our board director  lucas frerichs  joined us congre…
there is a final agreement on the tax bill  now it s time to see what s in it and hope it s good for california 
using health care for low-income kids as a bargaining chip was bad enough  using it for a pr stunt is even worse  a…
happy national small business week  small businesses have created 40% of all new jobs over the past 20 years  here…
reminder of tonight s winter preparedness week community meeting in perry township - 6 30-8 pm at the city of southp…
3/3 all of us will miss  repchriswalsh  high wattage smile and his friendship  humor  spirit  and optimism  chris …
submitted solutions over politics  my plan to stabilize indv market & improve aca  to dems steering & policy cmmte…
my statement on the passage of the fy2017 national defense authorization act 
speaker ryan has said the bill is focused on the middle class  but that is simply not true  it s really the opposit…
rt  msactivist  don t miss the latest m sactivist blog on access to ms medications by rep  lloyd doggett of texas  …
pleased that democratic negotiators won an inclusion of  295 9 million to alleviate an emergency budget shortfall in puerto rico 
took a ride with the corona community ambulance corps  this morning and checked out their recently renovated headq…
rt  holly_harris  looks like  repcohen offering amendment to expand elderlyrelease and compassionaterelease  an issue on which  alephinst…
plus  with insufficient funding and vague language about how to implement new programs within the two-year required…
brad has been an incredible member of my team and works tirelessly on behalf of the people of new jersey  i m so pr…
 cspi americans will now be provided with nutritional information and calorie counts on foods at chain restaurants …
it s a sorry state our government is in when we have become so partisan that even the democratically-elected house…
domestic abusers should never have access to a gun  it s time for illinois to take this step and protect women and…
today  i called on u s  treasury secretary mnuchin to promptly approve  nc_governor s nominations of qualified cens…
100 = what is the percentage of  housegop who voted against affirming climate change is real  they have done so twice in 114th congress 
 how has college impacted your life   was the theme of a women in the workforce session sponsored by toyota that   
the g o p tax scam will make tax cuts permanent for those who least need them  putting the u s  debt on track to excee…
6 months after maria  we still need to do more to help families living in puerto rico & those that relocated to flori…
it s always an honor to meet and thank our area veterans as they depart on a freedom honor flight  i wish michael …
loebsack s rural wireless access act signed into law
tuesday motivation healthylifestyle oldschool oldiscool
rt  freepress  thank you  repjoseserrano for your tireless support of real net neutrality 
rt  repesty  you see 7 000 pairs of shoes to represent 7 000 children killed due to gun violence since sandy hook  i see 7 000 birthdays  h…
here we go again     housegop waiting till the last minute as we quickly approach a budget deadline  let s put an…
rt  transitfornash   let s go transit    repjimcooper says as the crowd cheers  transit for nash
chemawa indian school has great potential to serve american indians from all over the western united states  thank…
the state of texas should challenge this ban as well 
my bipartisan  common sense bill to prevent wildfires & blackouts is on the floor for a vote today 
rt  glamourmag  congress members plan to stand in solidarity with the me too movement by wearing black to the  sotu  🙌
rt  housejuddems  rm  repjerrynadler   i am proud to partner with chairman  repgoodlatte on this comprehensive bill intended to resolve som…
we have an affordable housing crisis  and yet the administration wants to triple rent for some of the most vulnerab…
thanks to  adoptionri for planting seeds of hope for children in search of their forever families
wishing all those who celebrate a happy passover and a blessed good friday 
check to see if i am coming to a city near you  book tour big guns rep steve israel
7 000 pairs of kids  shoes on the u s  capitol lawn represent the young lives lost to gunviolence since sandy hook…
yesterday  i joined  repthompson and other house colleagues in signing a discharge petition to force a vote on a bi…
rt  aramac_dc  breaking news  over 100 members of congress urge  realdonaldtrump to affirm armenian genocide   thank you  frankpallone   r…
to all the hardworking mom s out there  thank you for all the things you so selflessly do  i can t imagine what my…
icymi  read my op-ed on how the gop farm bill puts millions of americans at risk of losing nutrition assistance  we…
some of the young people who participated in our annual congressional arts competition  i presented every participa…
thankful that  usda continues to be on the job for harvey irma & maria  handy contact info 4 ga/fl/tx residents
proud of our  usarmy and their hard work helping to secure peace on the african continent - we need a coherent poli…
rt  valeriesharon  just voted for my man capuano    now i deserve a treat masen
rt  onlyorganic  five minutes from our homegrownorganicact chat with  repanniekuster  senbobcasey  stonyfield  seasnax  amyskitchen
we need to protect the work opportunity tax credit  & commit to helping our veterans find a good job after they ret…
as i honor the legacy of powerful women from new york  i must also honor my friend  louise slaughter  i thank her f…
i will oppose today s fifth short-term  stopgap spending bill because it fails to meet the needs of america s worki…
pharma execs  rejoice  president trump s phrma-friendly excuses for action on prescription drug prices are improv…
rt  vikings  💜
rt  housedemocrats  republicans sold the g o p tax scam as a bill for the middle class  in reality  corporations and the wealthiest americans…
rt  lhsmccoy   letohighschool help me to congratulate diana gonzalez  she won 1st place overall at the 14th congressional student art compe…
president trump continues to demonstrate how out of touch he is with the american people  militarizing the border i…
it was an honor to pay tribute to the legacies of former habitat for humanity peninsula and greater williamsburg te…
great seeing lubbock mayor dan pope again and meeting city councilman steve massengale  talked about establishing a…
icymi  enjoyed my visit today at atlanta & company talking about my 13th annual health fair  this saturday 
now available  comey written testimony for thursday s senate hearing  it s a must read 
congress must focus on improving the affordable care act  we can build bipartisan consensus to stabilize the indivi…
i applaud cnn news anchor rosa flores for delivering an inspiring and exceptional keynote address at the hestec   
watch congressman pallone give his opening remarks at a hearing with epa administrator pruitt …
rt  houseradiotv  special event   reploisfrankel   susanwbrooks  bipartisan women s caucus hosts hearing on sexual harassment in male-domin…
congratulations to  evans_capacitor in east providence for winning  sba s 2018 national subcontractor of the year …
this decision by  realdonaldtrump is shameful & un-american  no one who has dedicated their life to serve in the us…
james comey has a story to tell  it s very persuasive  one guy you d like as a neighbor or…
happy easter to all those celebrating today  looking forward to spending time with jan and family today 
our hearts are heavy in eastern nc with the tragic death of edgecombe county deputy sheriff david manning  we are f…
very sad to hear of  repcurthanson s passing  he was an honorable man  my thoughts and prayers to his wife  children and grandkids
the american people deserve the truth  and we in congress require it to prevent future tampering with our elections 
 pasogressive yes  my office is putting a similar event together in slo county in the coming weeks  please subscrib…
eight years ago today  president  barackobama signed the affordable care act into law  the  housegop has been on a…
the americans with disabilities act opened doors and opportunities to millions of americans living with disabilitie…
rt  fscdems  earlier today  ranking member  repmaxinewaters gave the following floor statement in opposition to  hr4263   a bill that could…
 micuatweets  notredameofmd  mcdanielcollege  hood_college  stevensonu  msmu keep up good job educating our workforce 
everyone deserves equal pay for equal work  i m proud to co-sponsor the paycheck fairness act  to make this a reali…
thrilled to see this  uoflwbb team headed to the w final four  with every single player contributing along the way …
do you need to speak with my staff about issues in your community  visit mobile office hours tomorrow from 10 am to…
  potus  while you re in sd visiting your wasteful border wall prototypes  you should stop by the tijuana river val…
may is asian pacific american heritage month  a time to celebrate the contributions these communities have made to…
rt  gpalber   gerryconnolly celebrating the 50th anniversary commemoration of the signing of the fair housing act
 mr  president  you want to punish the poor for being poor    we have a plan  and we hope that someone will read it…
as you prepare to submit any final docs for tax day  be vigilant for potential scams  the irs will never contact yo…
this teacher appreciation week  i want to acknowledge one of our legislative staffers  alex huang  a former teacher …
rt  repadamschiff  donald trump is out championing the idea of his own impeachment to rally his supporters — let him  democrats should keep…
but as we commemorate l g b t equality day  we must never forget those who lost their lives in orlando  orlando united
rt  npwf  women can t wait any longer for fairpay  the paycheck fairness would help close the wagegap  equal pay day
attention dreamers  this faq by  nilc_org &  unitedwedream can help you determine whether you qualify to apply for…
rt  johndiazchron  coming at 3 50p  my fb live interview with  repswalwell on latest in russian collusion probe etc      got questions for…
rt  alexwitt   gerryconnolly  pulling out of iran nuclear deal  one of the most destructive decisions 
rt  officialcbc  join us on tuesday  may 8  2018 from 9 am - 5 pm est for c b c demands justice – a twitter town hall on community policing an…
met with  napaba today to talk about h r  2358  i am proud to now cosponsor h r  2358  which awards a congressional…
congrats to the  lhscampus gearheadz on becoming the new england first 2018 north shore district winners  this rema…
rt  carolynlochhead  pelosi puts her foot down on spending bill leading to dreamer legislation via  sfchronicle
there will never be anyone like congresswoman louise slaughter  she was a warm person with tremendous energy  and w…
military appreciation day at the spring fair set for next friday  april 20  free entry for servicemembers & militar…
will be questioning w/  uscensusbureau acting director ron jarmin on the 2020 census  the inclusion of a citizenshi…
north long beach  join me next tuesday at houghton park for play catch with your congresswoman  we will be near the…
did you know that this week is national small business week  i m the ranking member on the house committee on small…
it is unbelievable  it is unreal that we consider a bill that turns the clock backwards and strikes a devastating b…
today  i recognize world hemophilia day  a rare disease that affects about 20 000 in the us  as well as the great wo…
i came to congress to work across the aisle  i hope my colleagues are serious about investing  1 trillion in our…
  eastcarolina s graduate schools remain among the nation s best for 2019  according to the latest u s  news & worl…
i attended the  hfacdemocrats hearing this morning to ensure the trump adminstration s proposal to reform the overs…
rt  mcoe_now  310 high school students from 11 different schools in monterey county are here at  hartnellcollege for law day with keynote  …
 pcosgurl  replobiondo enjoyed meeting you  too  & supporting your efforts to raise awareness of  pcos  in washington yesterday 
in addition to picking fights with gov brown and tweeting about stormy daniels  sketch   potus tweeted about pompeo…
today  i joined  chicagosmayor and  cta leadership at the opening of the new terminal at 95th street  federal dolla…
delaware is thankful for the  seniorcorps volunteers who dedicate their time to mentoring underserved youth & helpi…
my staff enjoyed meeting with the  alaskaair black employee business resource group who were recently in dc  i look…
what are you doing at home to save energy and educate your keiki   thinktechhi live now 
congress must update our laws by passing the c l o u d act  it s important all sides come together around a solution th…
rt  repdonbeyer  today  davidcicilline and i led 64 representatives calling for the immediate resignation or firing of scott pruitt  pruit…
we must all continue fighting for equality and justice  and never stay silent in the face of oppression   mlk50 
for president trump to fire deputy attorney rod rosenstein for doing his job would be an attack on our justice syst…
rt  repbeatty  congress has a responsibility to protect mueller to ensure his investigation can continue without interference  retweet now…
 chelliepingree under the g o p farm bill  more than a quarter-million  265 000  of america s most vulnerable and food…
56 years ago today i was released from parchman penitentiary after being arrested in jackson  ms for using a  white…
when sara martinez tucker was a high school student in laredo  her teacher told her that  she wasn t college   
rt  nytimes  breaking news  a firm tied to a russian oligarch gave about  500 000 to a company that president trump s lawyer previously use…
when you hope that a man who did this to his wife  has a great career ahead of him   you show the world you are com…
rt  alyssa_milano  do your children live in a country where gun violence is not something you have to worry about  i m collecting letters…
we always hear the  gop talk about policies that  get people back to work   please explain how taking health care…
rt  cnnsitroom  rep  swalwell on fbi misconduct investigation  there shouldn t even be a minimal investigation  sessions is trying  to appe…
reminder  people who have medicare will soon be receiving new cards  in california  cards will be mailed out start…
the trump administration is taking aim at some of our most vulnerable citizens by pushing right-wing policies that…
as we discuss solutions to the opioid crisis in the energy and commerce committee this week  it is important to rem…
disgraceful the degree to which our fellow americans in puerto rico get ignored by dc  we must do better  🇵🇷 🇺🇸
behind on your mortgage or owe more than your home is worth  homesafe georgia may be able to help  qualifying homeo…
rt  tsspiegel  thank you  repmarktakai office for mtg w/us to discuss the fight to defeatmalaria w/ nothingbutnets  j c i u s a summit
we need answers from mark zuckerberg on facebook s misuse of user data  i ll be asking the questions in the next fe…
 uscapitol  louiseslaughter my tribute to our dear departed congresswoman  louiseslaughter at her memorial service…
rt  hispaniccaucus    speakerryan  more than 240 house members want a debate and vote on a  daca  bill  we ve got all the ingredients nee…
rt  deptofdefense  on this date  76 years ago  japan surprised the world with a sneak attack on pearl harbor  we remember the heroes of th…
rt  theintercept  this week on deconstructed   mehdirhasan speaks to  repbarbaralee  the only congressperson to vote against the invasion…
i stand in support of the courageous students participating in the march for our lives  see how your member of cong…
we must have a free and open internet  the fcc s decision to dismantle net neutrality would hurt the most vulnerabl…
regular season done   cavs on their way to another playoff run  let s bring home another championship trophy …
rt  normajtorres  no child should have to endure the agony of being separated from their parents because of  realdonaldtrump s deportation…
an accurate 2020census is critical to our nation  adding a citizenship question jeopardizes the disbursement of fu…
rt  aarpnv  a surprise visitor joined us as we visited  repdinatitus in washington today  thankyouthankyouverymuch  aarp18 
a mind to work   alzheimer s research /
rt  repteddeutch  last night  our community stood together with the mourning families  now  we must turn our thoughts and prayers into acti…
this underlying optimism and belief in something better is what moves people forward  that is why i am proud of alp…
proud to lead the hardest hit act w/  repyvetteclarke &  repgregorymeeks which would ensure that  hudgov allocates p…
irresponsible and heartless  not only will this decision upend the lives of nearly 200k salvadoran immigrants who l…
right now  wa leaders are meeting in olympia to discuss the president s plan to drill off our coast  drilling jeopa…
our teachers go above and beyond for their students  they spend countless nights and weekends preparing for class …
the theme of nationalpublichealthweek this year is healtiestnation2030  with the recent passing of the bi-partisa…
rt  credomobile  thank you for speaking out   repjoekennedy parkland shooting boycott n r a stopthe n r a
honor with action never again
rt  usfwc  thank you  nydiavelazquez and the house for passing h r  5236  the main street employee ownership act - this bill will make it e…
our government is shutdown because we can t work across the aisle  the american people expect us to work togethe…
today s metro announcement is beyond distressing — it s really a stunning reversal of commitments made to commuters…
no one working on the ground wants this  republicans proposed this in the 80s – it s been tried and it has failed …
it s the end of an era for the cable car cinema  i m sad to see this downtown providence staple closing its doors 
i ve been saying that  donkeysplace in camden has the best cheesesteak for years  glad to see our local spot hi…
rt  capac   capac  chair  repjudychu was thrilled to join the a a p i biz summit earlier today to discuss the importance of the  aapi  business c…
the republican majority is trying to display fiscal responsibility with a constitutional balanced budget amendment…
rt  repmikequigley  ending gun violence in america will require changes in our culture & revisions in our gun laws  i m proud of my f ratin…
rt  bluevirginia    repmceachin   time is running out as we fight to mitigate the harmful impacts of climate change   we have more than eno…
rt  sylvesterturner  truly honored to participate in  houstonisd s project prom over this past weekend along w/  aturner4545 &  jacksonleet…
i continue to speak out against the gop tax scam bill that is scheduled for a house vote today  join me today at 11…
let s add this to the list of things trump wont talk about during tonight s  sotu  when it comes time to discuss the…
science magazine  epa s  secret science  rule could undermine agency s  war on lead 
the gun trafficking prevention act would make it easier for federal law enforcement to go after people who buy guns…
happening now   appropsdems are questioning  epa administrator pruitt  mepolitics watch➡️➡️➡️ via  cspan 
haiti is still reeling from an earthquake  hurricanes  & cholera epidemic  save t p s
rt  redhatgov  great town hall with congressman  gerryconnolly at the  redhat tysons office this afternoon 
one year after the  housegop rammed through trumpcare  we remain thankful to all who helped defeat this monstrous…
great job mari hanchi   
porque ninguna madre debe de ser arrebatada de su hijo/a  honor immigrant moms
 senjudiciary passed bipartisan legislation to protect the special counsel - house gop has not held a hearing or ma…
love and prayers to the bush family 
rumors are swirling about an end to the house of representatives s russia investigation- i fear  due to political…
rt  cleanairmoms   i m concerned that you have on idea what s going on in your name at your agency      reppaultonko to  epascottpruitt …
had a great time at the teens with a purpose  my block is beautiful  community cookout
rt  housesbcdems    repdwightevans led today s subcommittee hearing on tourism & small biz  congressman evans pressed panelists on how the…
the latest lawsuit from the  txag to end  daca  is appalling  this morning  i sent a letter to ag  adamlaxalt reques…
thank you  nancypelosi  for recognizing the 130 000 dreamers  20% of daca recipients   who are  aapi  and also need…
thank you to my friend mike schneider  president of the bergen county central trades and labor council  and the new…
my favorite part of today  has to be when my daughter rushed the stage to give me an impromptu hug  p a primary
pleased to see  uschamber join hundreds of organizations speaking out in support of this effort to allow debate on…
the u s  navy relies on thousands of hard-working rhode islanders to produce the most advanced submarines in the wo…
rt  toyotapolicy  thank you  repjohndelaney for discussing ai with our tech team from  toyota   toyotaconnected   toyotaresearch &  toyota_…
it s hard to believe 2017 has come to a close  here s a look at our biggest victories in the last year 
proud to join the king family & ga leaders on this historic day for the unveiling of the m l k statue at the georgia…
we should not be making near-term decisions with long-term consequences without congress robustly debating the seri…
i saw both memos  the chairman is cherrypicking sensitive information for political purposes  this is wrong and dangerous 
tax day is just around the corner  join my office this saturday from noon to 4 pm at the pomona public library for…
rt  nwlc   reprichmond  ladepthealth  aarplouisiana  nationalcouncil the gop  healthcarebill  forces women to pay more for less coverage …
rt  senatordurbin    repcheri and i were glad to welcome  undersecarmy and other army leaders to see some of the great work being done at t…
this bill will bring jobs to local communities by encouraging people to chase their dreams and start their own busi…
rt  alexlimonnews  bipartisan group holds press conference for fisa reform & protecting 4th amendment rights  they say there shouldn t be b…
thrilled to announce new jersey will receive nearly  13 million in new funding to combat the opioid crisis  i am pr…
pa insurance commissioner announced that 2018  aca  health insurance premium increases are 4x bigger thanks to  potus
thank you  mnfarmbureau for the  friend of farm bureau  award  now it s time to make sure the farm bill is done right
i m seeking a two-year wounded warrior fellow for my  cityportland  maine district office  interested veterans sh…
thank you  ndvets for this tremendous honor and the  legacy award   congratulations on 25 years of service  ndvets
starting at 10  interior sec zinke to appear before approps subcommittee  my 1st question will be if he is seriousl…
last night  i signed a petition to force a vote on the dream act  i urge my  housegop colleagues to…
it is a sad and dark hour for our nation and the global family  this administration s decision to withdraw the uni…
rt  oversightdems  breaking  in wake of trump comments on immigrants   repcummings and  replynch seek subpoenas on white house efforts to…
ice has no right to detain american citizens  if this happens to anyone in my district  call my office at 612-522-1…
rt  reploisfrankel  equal pay day recognizes that women must work 3 extra months just to earn the same pay as men  closing the gender wage ga…
 repespaillat receives encuentro dc award
the mission of the coffee house volunteers is to provide a comfortable place for all veterans to meet  socialize …
social security isn t just for seniors - it s also life & disability insurance that protects millions of children  soc sec81  ca17 
rt  repwilson  it was such an honor to meet ya kaka and hauwa today and hear their stories  in addition to our hearts  we gave them a bit o…
i am proud to serve a large muslim population in the ninth congressional district  they are hard-working and patrio…
rt  senjohnmccain  an american president does not lead the free world by congratulating dictators on winning sham elections  and by doing s…
i m spending my afternoon with the brooklyn anti-violence coalition where we are discussing strategies and legislat…
i m proud to introduce bipartisan legislation with colleague  repryancostello encouraging investment in energy stor…
what would happen if you suffer increased mental health issues because you ve lived in darkness for 7 months …
this clean air month  i remain committed to protecting the clean air act  which is essential to health of our famili…
congrats to my friend and ma colleague  repmcgovern on his new role as ranking member of  rulesreps  we need his st…
an accurate 2020census is critical to our nation  and the political decision by the trump administration to add an…
rt  repjoecrowley  court cases are temporary victories for d r e a mers  what these men and women need is legislative action  when will paul r…
trump s proposed changes to the  public charge  rule may put up to 500 000 u s  citizen children at risk of moving…
momsdontneed to choose between a child s health and a paycheck  the evidence shows paidsickdays laws benefit work…
the devastation caused by gunviolence couldn t be more stark  and the solutions are equally apparent…
yesterday  the state dept  reauthorization was postponed b/c one member tried to insert anti-abortion language into…
 enmeshedinweeds yes  big part of why i have been fighting so hard on this 
thanks esther 
  realdonaldtrump has failed to drain the swamp  in fact  he s making it worse  flood the swamp
rt  ppaplac  a  pplosangeles nurse just told the office of  reproybalallard that she stands with p p because many of her patients tell her th…
thank you  voices4service for tonight s award  volunteers are answering the most urgent challenges we face as a nat…
make china great again 
rt  energycommerce    housegop is holding  chip  hostage by attaching it to a bad spending bill  it is time to quit playing politics with ou…
rt  bucommunity  congressman jim cooper  we should have done this in 50s  60s  70s  now is the time for transit 
rt  jackjacksonjr  along with tribal leadership  elected officials and organizations   repohalleran hosted a town hall meeting today to dis…
rt  fcnl  congress can and must act on climate  we re looking forward to welcoming  repjohnfaso and  replowenthal to talk about bipartisan a…
haitians with temporary protected status working in the us contribute millions of dollars to social security  medicare & medicaid  save t p s
happy easter from our tampa family to yours  wishing you peaceful new beginnings in your life ✝️☀️🌴🐣🐇
want to share your thoughts on how i can better represent you in d c   join me on mon  11/27 from 5-6 30 pm at tom…
rt  amyklobuchar  great visit w  collinpeterson to  mstatemoorhead  students ready to vote 
we needed tax reform that prioritized middle class families  unfortunately  the g o p tax scam gave 83% of the tax cut…
rt  nmaahc   otd   1864  the new orleans tribune is published  the tribune served the aa community in louisiana in the mid-19th century   ap… 
pleased that  amazon is listening to its employees & communicating a commitment to board diversity  however  rooney…
this is the impact --
what s on the chopping block if the g o p tax scam becomes law  medicare  medicaid  social security  and other vital i…
the trump administration s policies have made it more difficult for members of congress – and nearly impossible for…
working moms
congratulations to the coachella valley autism society of america on their 20th anniversary  this weekend s 4th ann…
these future leaders are already leading the way  let s get this done  enoughisenough gunreformnow neveragain
in the last decade  we ve made immense progress to reduce air & water pollution & to prioritize the preservation of…
rt  rosadelauro    housegop is back in town  but they re still dragging their feet on zika funding  why can t you do your job 
today senate democrats will move to force a vote to reinstate net neutrality and protect consumers  i stand with th…
rt  dredgingtoday  luedtke engineering is about to begin works on a  1 6 million multi-phase project that will remove sediment from the buf…
deeply saddened to hear of the loss of four marines  my thoughts are with their families  grateful for their servic…
if you missed our telephone town hall last night  no worries  check it out here  i hope you can join us in the futu…
i support the obama admin s decision to end the use of private prisons by the federal govt  i also support ending their use in all states 
rt  teampelosi  here s the truth  republicans are desperate to spin from the dark reality that working families are getting robbed by a ban…
great meeting with cal poly president  cpprezarmstrong this afternoon  i was happy to introduce him to a couple of…
we should be fortifying state laws aimed at ensuring that dangerous individuals do not have access to deadly weapon…
while it is important to honor the memory of these victims  we must also strive to prevent atrocities like this one…
glad to speak at  columbia  earthinstitute roundtable on how we must rebuild puerto rico in ways that will ensure r…
today is world freedom day  did you know that the day is about observing the 27th anniversary of the fall of the berlin wall in 1989 
the  law and order  president just sent a signal that lying under oath and obstructing justice will be rewarded  di…
thank you to everyone who came out and voted for me yesterday 
we were able to help richard  a vietnam war veteran from elk grove  can we help you 
ahead of friday s demonstrations  my colleagues and i are calling on protesters in gaza to carry out their right to…
since  housegop rushed the process & didn t know what was in their own bill  the house had to vote again on the…
happy thanksgiving  i hope everyone enjoys this special ocassion with their family and friends  🧡 there s much to b…
to learn more about my bill to reduce foodwaste  please visit  happy earth day  🌎
alex and sean are the winners of the 4th congressional district s 2017 congressional app challenge and came to the…
happy teacher appreciation day to all of the amazing teachers in central ohio and across the country  your tireless…
on holocaust remembrance day  we stop to honor the six million innocent jewish men  women  and children who perishe…
yesterday i met with  texasfarmbureau  tfb  members to discuss pressing agricultural issues 
  potus decision to terminate u s  participation in the iran deal is reckless  walking away weakens our internation…
proud of all the participants in this year s denim day  through courage and persistence  we hold the power to put a…
casting out hondurans from our communities will inflict needless suffering on thousands of families without helping…
correct  common denominator remains unstable/unwise pres  & pompeo record shows no evidence he could temper trump s…
election day  the big day is here so dont forget to vote  with maryland polls open until 8pm tonight go vote …
this veterans day we honor veterans who have given so much  our nation is forever indebted for their service to pro…
kristin beck was a member of seal team 6 who received the bronze star  purple heart & defense meritorious service m…
i was honored to receive the 2018 distinguished community health champion award  thank you to  texaschcs and  nachc…
happy memorial day  as you gather w loved ones take time to honor the heroes who served overseas & gave the ultimate sacrifice to our nation
for once i can commend  potus for leadership  mind you  the  nra  supported such legislation in the wake of the las…
rt  seec  don t miss  seec co-chair  reppaultonko pushing  epascottpruitt for answers 👇
thousands of d r e a mers have already lost their  daca  protections and thousands more will lose them if congress does…
the swirl of corruption we re seeing gets worse by the day  and  housegop doesn t care a whit 
tonight the president will give his  sotu   here s my statement on whyiwearblack 
the race in  tx  is in a statistical dead heat  make sure you take advantage of early voting & make your voice heard 
this bill is on a dangerous path and we need to return to bipartisan discussions that made the farm bill a win-win…
rt  uofigovrelation  thank you  replipinski for supporting the fy18 omnibus bill  this bill increases funding for basic research programs a…
congrats to  stevensonhs grad jalen brunson and the entire villanova team on their ncaa championship win last night 
 speakerryan and  gopleader  i urge you to bring h res 401 and h r 1406 to the floor without delay to bring us one…
the numbers prove it is all too easy for children to get their hands on e-cigarettes and vaping chemicals  includin…
no surprise that a handful of right-wing billionaires are bankrolling effort to undermine unions in janusv a f s c m e …
today  we remember the four lives lost at kent state university 48 years ago  as the university dedicates the site…
it s a true honor to be able to recognize the acts of heroism of our local veterans by presenting them with the med…
it s  nspw16   & too many of us have lost a loved one to this tragedy  please reach out for help from the stop suicide hotline 1-800-273-talk
400 000 kids in texas are about to lose the ability to see a doctor because republicans have prioritized tax cuts o…
today is military spouse appreciation day  thank you to all az military spouses for the sacrifices your families make…
the way to keep guns out of our schools is not to put guns in them  trump s suggestion today is absolutely unfathomable and must be stopped 
 realdonaldtrump i had the honor of meeting transgender soldier  valor4us  she served our country in seal team six …
rt  whiphoyer  happy birthday to my friend   reploucorrea  thank you for your work as ranking member of the  homelanddems  subcommittee on…
one treat in the big guns booktour is meeting former colleagues like  supjanicehahn &  repadamschiff 
i have serious differences with james comey over his handling of the email investigation  but on two points  i am i…
thanks for having me  it was a great tour and i enjoyed seeing all the high tech manufacturing happening at…
rt  civildefensehi  hvo confirms 2 new fissures south of malama st  pohoiki rd  closed from 132 to hinalo st  cmty mtg   pāhoa high cafe 5 …
congress should take up the mantle in protecting net neutrality  we need an open internet to promote choice and fai…
 mike_kunz thank henry for his vote 
joining me for this edition of quick questions about congress with kilmer is colorado  repkenbuck  my fellow co-cha…
rt  delawaredot  de traffic alert update  route 1 sb  all lanes  now closed south of dewey beach due to flooding
changes in weekly wages from 1996-2015  adjusted for inflation   public-school teachers  - 30 per week other colle…
mexico s victory in the battle of puebla 156 years ago today reminds us that even when we face big obstacles and lon…
as of today  12 278  daca  recipients have lost their status after trump ended the program on sept 5th  dreamers ca…
rt  energycommerce  watch live  full committee hearing with facebook ceo mark zuckerberg →
at this weekend s aids walk  my district staff recognized  afanlv s executive director  antioco carrillo  for his a…
he represented everything that is good in all of us  a world war ii veteran and member of the greatest generation …
update  good news  justice department will not halt legal orientation program for detained immigrants  reversing co…
rt  peggyflanagan  congratulations on your unanimous endorsement   keithellison  we re ready for gotv  brother 
honored to host my friend & colleague hakim jeffries   repjeffries at the anne lynch homes at old colony to discuss…
is there a teacher who inspired you or had a huge impact on your life  if so  share your story and thank him or her…
very impressed with all of the works displayed at our annual congressional art show  montclairstateu  what talent …
congrats to  ny04  students from lawrence and garden city hs named semifinalists in the 2017 siemens competition 
april is national social security month  if you haven t yet  go to to create a  my social s…
thank you to everyone who joined us for the ribbon cutting at our new rockford office yesterday  this office belong…
read about my amazing staffer cheniqua johnson  commencement speaker and university of minnesota graduating senior …
trump cabinet officials continue to believe taxpayer   can be used for personal travel benefits  this culture of c…
today i joined  nancypelosi   senatorreid &  vp biden to tell house leadership to do your job for the american people
the general assembly approved the transaction to expand the port of wilmington  this is a landmark agreement that…
today  i joined  senatorshaheen   senatorhassan  and  repanniekuster to urge the trump administration to listen to…
you can t call a tax bill that is nearly 50% giveaways to the top 1 percent  pro-middle class   that s not how facts work 
compare that to states like missouri that repealed their permit to purchase law in 2007  almost immediately  they s…
we can t effectively protect our future elections if we don t understand the full extent of russia s meddling in ou…
authorities respond to reports of shots fired at highland high school in palmdale  california  we are praying  but…
when you think it couldn t get worse  just wait for trump s next tweet or press release  the latest outrage is to p…
rt  reptimwalz  2 million people will have their access to food threatened if the  housegop passes their hyper-partisan farm bill  that s…
rt  barackobama  dr  king was 26 when the montgomery bus boycott began  he started small  rallying others who believed their efforts matter…
as we mark the 53rd anniversary of bloody sunday  we honor the courageous men & women who were brutally beaten on a…
yesterday  omb director mick mulvaney admitted to only taking meetings as a member of congress w/ lobbyists who mad…
happy birthday  repgwenmoore  enjoy your day 
how does kelly get away with defending a wife beater not just once  but twice  how can he be against domestic viol…
thank you  shullsburgcream for the great tour this week  i believe small businesses are the foundation of communiti…
made sure to fill out my bracket before the games started  so far  so good  march madness
looking forward to my community forum today - come join us  rsvp here 
the u s  has accepted 11 syrian refugees this year 
this earth day i am recommitting myself to fighting special interest groups   potus & the gop congress who value pr…
rt  repdankildee  four years later  flint families are still recovering from the water crisis and having to use filters & bottled water  in…
by ending cost-sharing reduction payments   realdonaldtrump is destabilizing the marketplace & harming american families 
i m honored  normeisen will be my guest tonight at the  sotu   he is a passionate defender of government ethics rule…
rt  valenciacollege  celebrating the launch of two new buildings on valencia s osceola campus  coming soon  the careers in industry & techn…
rt  reptimwalz  2 million people will have their access to food threatened if the  housegop passes their hyper-partisan farm bill  that s…
can t think of a better place for  neajanechu to start her valedictory than ri  birthplace of the nea  thanks to…
rt  keepyourhomeca     keepyourhomeca has helped more than 81 000 homeowners  folks who were dealing with a hardship and needed our free …
rt  nowthisnews   why are we forcing our children to make up for the lack of responsibility of our government   — rep  joe kennedy iii bril…
internet service providers want to charge you more to connect  say no to online fast-lanes and protect net neutrality 
tonight we are all parkland strong
rt  rephuffman  this disturbing sinclair propaganda is exactly why  repdavideprice and i introduced a bill to to close sinclair merger loo…
in light of hezbollah and its allies  gains in the lebanese parliament  escalating tensions between iran and israel…
i stand behind these young wisconsinites in solidarity of spirit  know that i hear you & know that i won t stop fig…
rt  housesbcdems    repallawsonjr on the role that environmental protections have in mitigating man-made disasters like the 2010 gulf oil s…
  potus  decision to unilaterally break iran nuclear deal is unjustified  reckless & fact-challenged  sec  mattis…
the gop house farm bill guts nearly  20 billion from s n a p--our nation s most important and effective anti-hunger p…
join me on facebook live at 12pm for a hearing with veteran service organizations and members of the blue dog speci…
good news for our service members who serve our country proudly  they deserve respect not discrimination …
rt  tedlieu  if  realdonaldtrump fired rod rosenstein  it would be a textbook case of obstruction of justice for interfering in the crimina…
every day we learn more about the danger zika presents to expectant mothers 
today i met with navy officials to discuss the cleanup of the navy-grumman plume on long island  and how to keep mo…
rt  repteddeutch  the u s  customs and border protection raid on the bus in ft  lauderdale was appalling  these arbitrary & disruptive enfo…
 shannon_patrick  michele4me shannon - i encourage you to look through my voting record  which you can find here 
rt  secupp  i m on  cnnsotu this morning with  pattisolisdoyle  ricksantorum and  repgregorymeeks  tune in 
rt  tigardor  huge thanks 👍🏽 to  ronwyden   jeffmerkley  and  repbonamici for supporting our  neaarts grant application  story via  tigardt…
rt  housedemocrats  chairman  repjoecrowley  the g o p tax scam is a  set up so [republicans] can go after social security  medicare  & medica…
it shouldn t take another 17 deaths for congress to finally take action to prevent gun violence  we must be allowed…
my thoughts and prayers are with those injured in today s attack in nyc  thank you to all the brave law enforcement…
the decision to withdraw from the paris climate accord is a threat to the planet  a great nation should lead and be unafraid 
in pushing the g o p tax scam  republicans have made clear they re willing to risk insurance premium increases  health…
sen  mccain is a no on the latest trumpcare bill  but the fight isn t over  read more here 
my interview with  cnn  newday
the administration has announced that this week is infrastructure week again  but still aren t presenting serious p…
rt  repstephmurphy  yesterday   speakerryan said about the parkland shooting that  as public policymakers  we don t just knee-jerk before w…
in  wa   outdoorrec generates  26b in economic activity and supports 200k jobs  i joined  repdianadegette in leadin…
rt  timsteno  just interviewed congressman  donaldnorcross — we talked north & south korea  why he thinks epa s scott pruitt must go  and h…
rt  graydcnews  usvi rep   staceyplaskett urges lawmakers not to forget her district after hurricanes   kelliemeyernews reports 
with earth day this past weekend and arbor day today  i am recommitting my efforts to preserve and protect our envi…
susana muñoz  a paramount high school senior  won third place in the lucille roybal-allard student art competition f…
pleased  potus will have the chance to sign my bill to honor navy seal master chief langlais w/ a post office in sb 
today we gather to remember dr  martin luther king jr  we are proud that he was part of dc s struggle for home rule…
rt  repannaeshoo  on tuesday  april 3rd at 1 30 p m   i will be hosting a community town hall meeting for constituents on social security w…
you make it possible to represent true progressives values  thank you for your support 
rt  repkclark  as part of a day of meetings in israel focused on regional security and stability  we met with inspiring palestinian youth w…
i had a great time at the 2018 duck stamp award ceremony  ewghigh  congratulations to all of the students who are h…
icymi— join me   angelayee  nycfirstlady  alchemist26 &  cbwgcaucus today at  newsatmedgar for my panel focusing on…
rt  housesbcdems  today  the house passed  repdwightevans  bill to improve and modernize small business development centers by ensuring tha…
the internet doesn t belong to the government  it belongs to the people  we need to save the internet  the fight fo…
just announced  1m  for 7 south jersey fire departments  this funding provides our first r…
it includes critical health care resources  new funding to combat the opioid crisis  more resources for our communi…
   and this week s pinocchio award goes to polluting pruitt  boot pruitt
i have been actively denouncing  realdonaldtrump s administrations decision to add a citizenship question to the…
rt  emmanuelmacron  we will make our planet great again while creating new jobs and opportunities  i m sure that one day the united states wil…
congress passes bill calling for  wall of remembrance  honoring korean war vets to remind freedom is not free…
today  realdonaldtrump welcomes french president  macroninenglish at  whitehouse  this morning i joined  cheddar to…
 deptofdefense s announcement today shows why we need to revisit china s participation in  rimpac   ndaa17 
  realdonaldtrump says   working with the senate  we are appointing judges who will interpret the constitution as w…
rt  roybreitenbach1   tomporterdc  scotttaylorva  brownformd  jim_banks  brianmastfl  jimmypanetta best thing from the iran/afghan wars- d…
a1  the president s budget plan concerns us for a number of reasons 
small business owners are the backbone of tampa bay economy  thanks  usfsbdc for helping them grow and find new biz…
when it comes to gutting environmental protections trump s administration moves with lightning speed  no public inp…
rt  thedemocrats  icymi   elizabethforma and dnc deputy chair  keithellison talked about the importance of organizing  mobilizing  and enga…
congress gave  dhsgov authority in march to issue more h-2b visas to meet needs of seasonal businesses in maine &…
glad to meet with southeast community foundation founder julie coyne at my dc office today  her team s academic enr…
rt  repmarkpocan  kids like owen rely on the aca for affordable & guaranteed health care  but the g o p tax scam would threaten their families…
what a pleasure it was to present several well-deserved medals to omaha resident and wwii vet spiro moustakes this…
on this historically significant day for sikhs  i m wishing our sikh american friends a happy vaisakhi 
congress continues to pass the buck  we need a budget  not a 4th cr  government cannot continue to run on backroo…
it is unacceptable that a pollster is leading the white house s efforts to combat the opioid crisis and ignoring im…
building a diverse & innovative  stem  workforce starts at pre-k  thanks  aiaa &  aiaspeaks  n a dworkforce watch here https //t co/ie4myuqn05
thread  the new tax law is a raw deal for the middle class  83% of the benefits go to the 1%  and it blows a  1 5 t…
are you excited for our black women and girls empowerment event  i am an overcomer   if you can t make it  i will b…
rt  cdcgov  outbreak alert  throw away all store-bought romaine lettuce  including whole heads and hearts  chopped  and salad mixes with r…
rt  housenewdems  new dems  repronkind  repgregorymeeks  repricklarsen  repscottpeters and  gerryconnolly talk trade with ambassador light…
scott pruitt just bombed in a senate hearing today  pruitt said over and over again that he  didn t recall  key in…
earthday is a time to reflect on our planet & how we re preserving our natural resources for our children & grandc…
follow along with this morning s  transport economic development subcommittee roundtable examining the management o…
rt  reprorights  keep it up  team pa  💪 thanks  repdwightevans for championing women s health  act for women
our conversation with  cpb included the need to create the opportunity for the peace bridge to be the most state-of…
a reminder to join us tonight at 7 30 for an important conversation about school safety and how we can work togethe…
  epascottpruitt has a legal responsibility to reduce methane emissions from existing oil and natural gas operation…
rt  joaquincastrotx  are you asking  commercegov to give a chinese company a foothold into the american market/critical infrastructure  you…
may day is one of my favorite events of the year  love talking to folks 
america deserves a leader who speaks honestly  acts compassionately  and treats every person with dignity and respe…
today  i m proudly joining the brave  ma  students who are demanding immediate action to address gunviolence…
after months of inaction  the house today had an opportunity to come together and make a real difference with the…
standing in solidarity with  mecfs  patients on their day of awareness  an estimated 1-2 5 million americans suffer…
i m heartbroken by the loss of my dear friend and mentor  louiseslaughter 
rt  nancypelosi  it s dayofthe girl  equal education & healthcare may sound like  just  girls  issues but a better world for girls is a bet…
&lt — monday motivation womens history month
live now  watch the seapower and projection forces subcommittee hearing live now as we discuss the continued need f…
hey  presssec and  realdonaldtrump -  repcharliedent was wondering   i guess at some point you have to ask the ques…
we must work to unite families  not separate them  we cannot return to the days when we closed our doors as a natio…
i vow to protect a free and open internet by upholding net neutrality 
celebrating the groundbreaking for the winterhaven public safety facility  this facility will help address public s…
wow   happy easter ted  amazing christian values  i m sure jesus is very proud of you and relies on your judgement…
trump refused to release the democratic memo because of  sensitive  information  any guesses  i suspect sensitive s…
 uncle_jimbo jim  have you ever qualified as a ballistics expert in a court of law  when  where 
affected by president trump s recent tariffs  i want to hear from you  follow this link to share how his tariffs or…
want a good explanation of what republicans leaders say the tax plan will do versus how it is actually harmful to t…
the only way to address iran s other harmful behavior was to stay in the iran deal  now more than ever we need amer…
this is a transparent attempt to rig the 2020 census despite the constitutional requirement that all residents be c…
for fall river s philips lighting workers the american promise that hard work pays off was broken  those workers de…
it is unconscionable to punish children for the actions of their parents 
very concerned that verizon s highly skilled union workforce is declining  i joined 87 colleagues against outsourcing good middle class jobs
rt  lozanosayra  thank you for your leadership in introducing the u s aact  congressmanruiz  you ve opened doors of hope and opportunity eve…
i encourage the baltimore community to attend this forum with the bpd consent decree monitoring team on april 3  ci…
no doubt about it  it s campaign finance season  here s what i think  when members of congress go to washington …
 keopu mahalo   keopu for your kind words  we enjoyed visiting with you and your family  so cute  thank you for you…
did you know the federal government awards a significant percent of their contracting opportunities to small busine…
8 in 10 people can find health insurance plans for less than  75 a month  visit before dece…
delaware proudly recognizes autism awareness month  thank you to families  advocates and supporters for joining us i…
good seeing nevada members from  acecnv to discuss the importance of investing in infrastructure  our roads  airpor…
thank you 
pushing to get my amendment attached to the gov t funding bill to stop  thejusticedept from prosecuting anyone for…
president trump and his  gop protectors are still escalating their fight against the department of justice and spec…
a holocaust survivor was recently stabbed to death  burned in paris  anti-semitic incidents in uk reached all-time…
as i voted in congress today  a top member of my staff  charlane oliver  presented project register to the nashvill…
rt  defenders   repcartwright  defendersnews  nwf  npca  creationcare  rsi  ucsusa   glad we can support such important legislation 
wishing harry reid a speedy recovery following his surgery this week  my thoughts are with him and his family 
please take a few minutes to watch this important video about the l a  regional human trafficking task force  we mu…
rt  hardball  devin nunes is trying to get more info on the mueller probe and has a meeting with the justice dept  will he burn intel sourc…
support poured in from afscme chapters across america  dr  martin luther king jr  traveled to memphis to march in s…
we must support all those who wear our country s uniform proudly- regardless of their nationality  ethnicity  race …
republicans falsely sold the g o p tax scam as a bill for the middle class  in reality  people at the very top will ul…
the census should not be used as a political tool  and i support ca attorney general becerra s suit against the tru…
for over a year  my questions on the u s -saudi war in yemen went unanswered  now we learn that the pentagon hid on…
not as embarrassing as when i sold him a house elevator pass last week  cc   repconorlamb
 car_nove keep speaking your truth  carly 
when asked about the state dept  last year  trump said he is  the only one that matters  on foreign policy  as long…
today we light it up blue in support of greater understanding and acceptance of people living with autism …
rt  dukegovrel  thank you  gkbutterfield for signing mckinley-carson-king-davis letter supporting a  2 2 billion increase for fy2019  nih f…
rt  aiaspeaks   repmikehonda  young people need guidance from teachers with real industry experience   n a dworkforce  aiaa
  realdonaldtrump might want to read the steele dossier  key pts have been corroborated & fbi investigation began a…
it was an honor to meet daw aung san suu kyi today  nobel prize winner and leading voice for burmese democracy 
rt  thereval   joekennedy giving plenary remarks at  nanconv2018 
sinclair was forced into the national spotlight when  deadspin s  bubbaprog made a video splicing up different anch…
for 50 years dems and repubs have worked together to combine food and farm programs in a bipartisan farm bill  unfo…
congratulations to the scholarship recipients at the 20th annual asian scholar banquet hosted by  lasvegasacc  your…
we all benefit from the work of employees at  ourocean  like marja  thank you for keeping our oceans healthy 
 housedemocrats  realdonaldtrump american troops and our national security are at risk if  realdonaldtrump  cia nom…
wishing the jewish community in central florida and around the world a joyous passover  chag sameach 
rt  scigirls  today s  google doodle celebrates geochemist katsuko saruhashi  she made some of the earliest measurements showing the danger…
rt  thecorpsnetwork  thank you  rephuffman for support of nationalservice programs like  ccnb1 and for championing the i n s p i r e act to help…
i support your candidacy josh       just as long as it s not my district   joshmalina  maffyfitz
our country works best when everyone is pitching in and lending a hand – thank you to the women from…
the  teen party  can change congress like the tea party
do you have filled-out petition sheets that you haven t submitted yet  we need to collect all sheets by november   
honored to meet with derrick  dawnasia  and kevin from  underdogdreams in orlando  they are raising awareness abou…
rt  drdenagrayson  correct   lindseygrahamsc  the  gop  *deserves* to get destroyed for supporting racists and pedophiles  instead of honora…
rt  obamafoundation  this week—50 years since dr  martin luther king  jr  was killed— barackobama and  repjohnlewis sat down with a group o…
rt  davidbegnaud  1 1 million customers in puerto rico have had their power restored as of 9am eastern time  thursday  following wednesday …
something is wrong when 80% of hoosiers only get 31% of the tax breaks  no individual should be seeing a tax cut la…
 missanabeem  qz hello  feel free to reach out to a member of my washington staff at 202-225-5876 
right now  you can still apply to renew your daca  if you meet the requirements to apply for daca renewal  you shou…
recently  ryan s friend tyler  also struggling with addiction  died of a heroin overdose while in the care of a sober living home 
our aapi community today continues to lead across every sector—from government  business  and military service  to…
today i shared a beautiful poem by a 9th grader in new haven  geneva cunningham  who witnessed the sandy hook eleme…
on my way to the house floor to vote no on the taxbill  this bill is a failed opportunity to grow our economy  boo…
 sullied18
the  gop is looking to cut funding from programs that help low-income households  such as the children s health ins…
march is national colorectal cancer awareness month  colorectal cancer is the second leading cause of death for men…
with fire risks rising across  az01  and restrictions going into place in many areas  take a minute to familiarize y…
fact check  here s what  housegop won t tell you about  snap  hearings on anti-hunger program  90 witnesses testif…
the gop farm bill is an attack on family farmers  health  the environment & those in need  productive conversation…
thanks to mckay high s principal schoepper who gave me an opportunity to see how hard principals work for their stu…
this is the final week to get covered through the affordable care act s open enrollment window  shop for plans at…
rt  senatorleahy  the special counsel must be able to complete his investigation without interference  we need to know how putin interfered…
smh
rt  housesbcdems  in today s hearing  committee democrats reaffirmed their belief that congress ought to support americans with disabilitie…
join the  lvmpdbac for their farmers market and get your fresh fruits and vegetables 
can i be the 9 430 673rd person to say no one agrees with that 
caring for a loved one with alzheimer s is heart-wrenching & difficult but the  countyofla is here to help  from fa…
the international atomic energy agency has released eleven verification and monitoring reports indicating that iran…
rt  rephuffman  thanks  repthompson &  repspeier for joining me in sausalito to discuss the outrageous threat of new offshore oil drilling…
para nuestras madres  esposas  hermanas y hijas  latinaequalpay trabajadoras
join me during military appreciation month in thanking a service member & their loved ones who continue to give so m…
it is day 1481 of captivity for 112 chibok girls who are still being forcibly held by boko haram  worrying about yo…
promesa provee un mecanismo de reestructuración  en conjunto con la creación de una junta de supervisión fiscal temporera e independiente 
i commend the administration for taking action to ensure that federal agencies continue to implement fitara and ins…
it s time to boot pruitt   epascottpruitt should step down or be fired  from reckless spending to cozy relationship…
 2/2  command & fed authorities to ensure crews have every resource to fight this blaze 
rt  nancypelosi  join us as we investigate how surging prescription drug prices impact working families 
world autism awareness day is a great day to learn about autism  how it impacts folks  lives & how we can help end th…
great to see the familiar faces of our eastern ct  machinstsunion members yesterday  here in washington representin…
5 years ago today  a strong  vawa  reauthorization was signed into law  i still remember fighting to ensure the law…
i m deeply saddened to hear of the passing of my colleague and friend  louiseslaughter  she was a powerful voice fo…
in 2017  average ceo pay increased 9 7%  while workers got a 1 5% raise  strong unions can help us reverse the grow…
rep cicilline meeting with  joebiden right now 
roughly three weeks ago  i sent a letter to  facebook s ceo & coo requesting a briefing on its efforts towards elec…
rt  repbonnie  scott pruitt is jeopardizing the health and security of our nation because he would rather count the cash that corporate pol…
like clockwork  it s happened again  gun violence can happen anywhere  anytime - the problem will not end on its o…
rt  vtagencyofag  keeping a long tradition of excellence while protecting and improving resources on the farm --&gt  …
a4  president trump s proposal is wrong for a number of reasons  and we certainly can t cover all of them in this c…
i believe we are better off because of the aca  but don t take my word for it  listen to my constituents who have b…
 sustained response  = war  and that requires the authorization of congress - unless you don t believe in the const…
rt  chrismurphyct  as open conflict between iran and israel grows more possible  lighting a new match in the region by restarting iran s nu…
rt  metrolosangeles  this thursday is bike to work day  bring your bike or bike helmet for a free ride on metro  or get a free metro bike s…
rt  lcpa_llc   repcleaver visited the librarylearningcommons today for a candid conversation on gun violence in schools with some of our s…
today i joined my colleagues in urging the federal election commission  fec  to let candidates use campaign funds f…
saturday kicks off national park week and free admission to national parks across the country  i hope san diegans ha…
speaker ryan thinks  realdonaldtrump won t fire special counsel robert mueller based off of the  conversations we h…
rt  ericliptonnyt  just posted  the secret epa files  10 073 pages of emails as pruitt dances with oil/gas/coal/chemical/homebuilders/autom…
 sullied18 aa employment rate 2009 12 7% aa employment rate dec 2017 7 9% today 6 9%  so that 5% drop attributed to what exactly 
rt  eiais  my in-flight entertainment was watching  repricklarsen enjoy his in-flight entertainment  i ve never see someone enjoy whose lin…
happy birthday to frances perkins — the first woman to hold a cabinet position  she served as secretary of labor fr…
we had an amazing interfaith dialogue today over lunch at  macalester with students and campus chaplains  thank you…
this mothers day  we should remember that it is donald trump s official policy to tear children from the arms of th…
last night   potus cruelly ended immigration protections for 50 000 haitians  many of whom have proudly contributed…
one of the best things we democrats have going for us is that trump really has no idea what he s doing 
now that wall street is in the wh & running the treasury  they want to pass the wrong choice act to put execs  not w…
 realdonaldtrump breaks his promise to protect lgbtq rights  this will not make america great  protect trans kids
 epaoig  tgowdysc  gopoversight note  pruitt & staff took a  40 000 trip to morocco in december to push liquefied n…
foreign affairs chairman ed royce urges trump not to renounce iran nuclear agreement but to build on it  he s right…
rt  nycfirstlady  the priorities of black women and girls can no longer be ignored — congresswoman  repyvetteclarke is exactly the kind of…
rt  repgwenmoore  black women make  0 63 for every  1 earned by a man  at the end of the day  this means less rent & food on the table for…
trump rollback of well control rule-which is designed to prevent disasters like the bp spill- is a shockingly reck…
who s seen the latest version of the g o p tax scam  senators  ❌ | the american people  ❌ | lobbyists  ☑️
this center would not have been possible without federal funding provided by the workforce innovation and opportuni…
i m disappointed to see president trump s latest temper tantrum hitting the va and jeopardizing care for our nation…
scott pruitt just admitted to violating federal regulations by improperly accepting a gift  work done by his aide m…
6 years since the repeal of  don t ask  don t tell   lgbt americans continue to serve as they have always – bravely and selflessly  1/2 
today i voted against president trump and paul ryan s enormous giveaway to special interests  millionaires  and bil…
to the victims of today s school shooting in parkland  know that my compassion goes out to you  to the american peo…
had the opportunity to update and hear from the oahu vet s council  thank you for you continued support of our vets 
this designation will help federal  state and county efforts on hawai i island as we work to manage this ongoing di…
rt  housedemocrats  this womens history month we honor the extraordinary women that broke glass ceilings and paved the way for progress and…
this is a blatant attempt to suppress participation in the 2020 census and to further disenfranchise people of colo…
it was great to chat with you as well  thanks for all that you do
honored to join  fsfp  senjeffmerkley  repwalterjones as one of the lead plaintiffs in this legal challenge seeking…
high school students  my office is now accepting entries for the 2018 congressional art competition  all submissio…
rt  reptimwalz  2 million people will have their access to food threatened if the  housegop passes their hyper-partisan farm bill  that s…
how about 4 town halls in the next 2 weeks   davidhogg111  every member of congress should have a town hall when th…
rt  aaron_glantz    repgregorymeeks grills federal reserve chair jerome powell on modern day redlining following  reveal expose 
rt  time   rep  karen bass started fighting for social justice in middle school 
trump continues to add to his own problem of hiring—then firing—cabinet members without experience or behavior need…
more than 15 000 transgender individuals actively serving our country around the world including those stationed at…
palestinian authority president mahmoud abbas s despicable remarks are an insidious type of anti-semitism and must…
1 – maybe he doesn t want the american people to see how he s using public office for private gain …
rt  nawboorlando   repstephmurphy  nawbonational thanks for your time  it was a true spirit of collaboration and we are thrilled to continu…
hiv diagnoses among african american women fell 20% from 2011 to 2015  we ve made incredible progress  but we must…
rt  epwashingtondc  happy to join many young women and men at  euintheus  s womens day breakfast briefing on capitol hill   repdebdingell a…
rt  hartfordcourant  from  edpagecourant | the gop has no sound reason to obstruct mr  malloy s choice for chief justice
rt  governormapp  thank you house democratic leader  nancypelosi for taking time this afternoon to hear from me and rep   staceyplaskett on…
it is a sad day in america   realdonaldtrump will end  daca  
rt  nourishkc  grateful to  kcchamber for the invitation to hear from  repcleaver this morning about what s happening in dc and its impact…
¡feliz mes de herencia hispana  los latinos han contribuido inmensamente a nuestra cultura y economía 
congrats to new york for receiving perfect score for  lgbt  inclusivity for 5th year straight by  hrc  diversity ma…
i was honored to receive the federal legislative leadership award from white horse addiction center  which works ha…
cancer control month highlights the fight for prevention  treatment  and ultimately a cure for cancer  stand with…
given the administration s constant barrage of insults aimed at immigrants  it s likely that this question will res…
rt  nahrep  happy earth day 2018 google doodle
team titus at the cybertech girls conference hosted by  csncoyote  cyberwatchwest  coastlineinoc  today s event wil…
thousands of young oregonians are struggling with student loans  yet the gop is slashing student aid  i ve introduc…
today  my staff met with  davereichert and officials from  cityoflaredotx to discuss the importance of trade and wa…
great to be at the addabbo family health center for the new state of the art expansion  which will create 21 examin…
rt  capac  despite  housegop claims that the g o p tax scam will benefit middle-class americans  millions of middle-class households would see…
this is good news  but we must remain vigilant  climate change should never have been up for debate  and as this ar…
then come out for a  gotv  rally at ventura s plaza park at 3 30 followed by a canvass   ca26  is fired up to turn blue 
i am hosting a veterans town hall today at 1pm  i hope to see you there  veterans day
looking forward to watching the solar eclipse2017  i am  check out  nasa s guide for tips and fun facts 
the story of jews in america is one of determination & courage  this year  we honor our jewish communities by pledg…
rt  michaelleepope  congressman  gerryconnolly  va11  on trump decision to exit  jcpoa    the president s damaging decision paves the way to…
over the last week   columbia s graduate workers have traded in their teaching materials for signs and megaphones t…
fact  8-in-10 people who signed up to get covered for 2017 received financial help  open enrollment for 2018 ends…
urgent ---&gt  parts of orange and seminole counties under a tornado warning  including orlando maitland winter park…
if confirmed  marine corps col  lorna m  mahlock will be the first black woman to ever serve as brigadier general …
rt  jmartnyt  this is usually how it works  tweets or interview replies but no direct pressure on trump or staff  then move on after he wo…
along w/ other members of the hispanic caucus  met today with white house chief of staff kelly to urge this adminis…
my opening statement from the  housejudiciary markup of the music modernization act - a comprehensive bill i am prou…
1/2 - naloxone is an opioid overdose reversal drug that saves thousands of lives every year  however  the cost puts…
happy national pet day from team titus s furry family members  tio 🐱  kenny 🐶  george michael 🐱  tobias 🐱  luna 🐶  m…
i continue to pray for these firefighters  coconino and navajo county first responders  and everyone who has been evacuated from the area 
rt  bginews  syracuse was the final team in the field  irish beat the orange on the road without colson and farrell 
i had a great meeting with the staff at  banyantreatment in naperville to discuss the opioidepidemic and how we ca…
as house  transport cmte mbr  proud to work w colleagues on  gsa  resolution for new  fully-consolidated  fbi hq  1/
  lamontanitacoop is hosting earth fest for earth day in nob hill until 4 p m  today  teammlg stopped by and you sh…
 physics  mathematics  and computer science  not only have the highest male biases  with women being outnumbered by…
rt  senatorserrano  yesterday i was honored to join  agschneiderman   mmviverito   dianaayala2017 & a wonderful group of volunteers at  nyc…
my thoughts and prayers are with president  georgehwbush and his family  mrs  barbara bush was a first lady who dee…
nunes memo is irrelevant to trump  mueller  and collusion  slightly relevant to whether fisa court protects our pri…
rt  housedemocrats  one year ago today   housegop and president trump celebrated their vote to take health care away from 22 million americ…
fattah team / results / fattah announces increased neuroscience funding in fy16 omnibus via  yahoonews
congress must take further bipartisan action to expand workers  access to retirement savings plans and ensure all a…
rahway high school s principal  john farinella  was the 2017 principal of the year  i swung by rahway high to surpr…
 [w]e have difficult days ahead in the struggle for justice and peace  but i will not yield to a politic of despair…
the constitution requires the president to seek authority from congress before engaging in military activities  pre…
rev  mario moody is  making black history every day  as a firefighter  minister  and community servant 
thank you for your support of my bill   reprokhanna  with stem fields leading the future  diversity is key to ensur…
here are some actions i support to help save american lives  banning assault rifles  stopping suspected terrorists…
the gop is at it again with their so-called prosper act which will cut student aid & pell grants & force students i…
tune in as we hear straight from workers about the impact of the g o p tax scam 
rt  nashtuworks  thank you to  replowenthal for speaking at our conference  2018nashtuconference
great working with  repmcgovern to expand food access for families across america  learn more about our new bill ex…
republicans hold every seat of power in washington  but still  the government is in a shutdown  we must protect…
he is an irreplaceable part of the scientific world  but he sparked hope that will help usher in new leaders in the…
rt  repteddeutch  trump wants to cancel  15 billion of hard fought bipartisan compromise investments in vital federal programs  nearly half…
this weekend  afghan women ran in the bamiyan marathon   this month  i met with former first lady laura bush & afgh…
rt  chazfelder  if you haven t voted for capuano yet  you still have 3 hours   get out there and help make mike our next senator  masnen
with a better deal  we ll make sure state workers have access to the kind of job training & education that lead to s…
today we gathered in times square to commemorate 103 years since the armenian genocide  we must recognize this atro…
rt  repdankildee  four years later  flint families are still recovering from the water crisis and having to use filters & bottled water  in…
happy international womens day  to all the awesome  md02  women - thank you for everything you contribute to our worl…
about to take the stage to talk to  fairfaxdems about how the next generation of leaders will keep america s promis…
manavi annual gala in edison with attorney general gurbir grewal  evening provides support for their efforts to end…
 repmikequigley  senatordurbin  marcorubio  senduckworth  congculberson proud to partner in this bipartisan  bicameral effort 
wishing everyone a happy new year  may we all resolve to live each day with purpose and hope  never forgetting that…
rt  senatorsylvia  at my alma mater  tsulaw to attend graduation ceremony with  maxinewaters  jacksonleetx18 and fellow tsu tiger  repalgr…
nor has  housegop brought a  cir  bill that keeps – rather than tears apart – families and strengthens our nation and economy  /3
congratulations to all our state  local  and federal partners on completing the unprecedented debris removal from l…
good news  veteran homelessness has dropped nearly 50% since 2010  great progress  but there is still more to do 
21 state election systems were hacked  penetrated  and/or monitored by russia in 2016  there are only 10 months unt…
just another reason i m thankful that trumpcare ultimately was defeated 
trump s attacks on  doj    fbi   mueller  rosenstein&other public servants are the real attacks against america--n…
rt  rhookinitiative  red hook  nycha residents cannot afford to see their rent increase  we re rallying at city hall with  nydiavelazquez  …
introduced legislation w/  repjenniffer for funding to rebuild resilient & efficient energy systems after disasters
rt  repjoecrowley    hhsgov is supposed to protect women s health  not play politics  this is censorship by the trump administration  plain…
team dutch s ashley celebrated long history of  southwestair in baltimore last night  company started here in 1993…
it seemed like life couldn t get any better for the big banks  then the trump tax scam came along 
rt  dberrygannett  the house is scheduled to vote today on a bill proposed by  benniegthompson that would make the home of medgar evers a n…
the leader of our nation s health care system must be committed to addressing prescription drug costs  good reasons…
vietnam s continued incarceration of political prisoners demonstrates their lack of commitment and respect for huma…
today the  usda announced its final decision on the california federal milk marketing order  our california dairy…
it was great to meet w/ leaders from merced lao family on tuesday  we discussed progress on the legislation i m le…
net neutrality protects thousands of innovators and smallbiz in  ca09  — they can t afford  fcc efforts to undermin…
rt  ncmuseumhistory  nina simone  born in tryon  nc in 1933  will be inducted into the  rockhall on april 14  🎶 well known for her activis…
jerusalem is and should remain the undivided capital of israel  however  the manner in which the trump administrat…
right now  you can still apply to renew your daca  if you meet the requirements to apply for daca renewal  you shou…
rt  usprogressives  this bill would not have been possible without the cpc members who believe in the importance of higher education  thank…
please join me at 11am cst for a live press conference as i discuss plans to introduce legislation to reunite famil…
rt  reprubengallego  bright  talented dreamers are working  serving in the military  or studying at colleges  we must protect dreamers & p…
we were also honored to be joined by special guest sgt  allen lynch  who earned the medal of honor for his actions…
this week  we recognize the important work of teachers in educating  mentoring  and preparing our young people for…
as your representative in congress  one of the most important aspects of my job is to stay informed of the thoughts…
i commend horizon for investing some of its windfall from the trump tax scam for the benefit of local communities …
as  waysandmeansgop holds their first hearing on the g o p tax scam  here s a reminder that this law isn t creating jo…
please join me in celebrating national library week at the libraryof congress  it is a time to celebrate our nation …
rt  reploiscapps  a gun in the house makes domestic violence situations 5x more deadly  abusers should not have access to firearms — it s t…
50 years later  head start still continues to provide quality early learning for our nation s most vulnerable children head start50
rt  alangomez   i sit and cry all day   suicide hotline calls double in puerto rico 6 months after hurricane maria
 onlyorganic simply put – the homegrown organic act can help farmers grow more right here in america by leveraging e…
congratulations    senduckworth 
i want to thank ryan for his courage  his leadership  and his advocacy which has taken him across the country  than…
then does  speakerryan believe democracy comes with checks  protect mueller
moving forward  it s essential to maintain the integrity of the mueller investigation  americans deserve impartial & comprehensive answers 
rt  greaterlaborstl  we are ready to see you tomorrow in bridgeton  repeal r t w vote no on prop a
i spoke with  icegov leadership today to demand answers regarding their raids in our community  i expressed my alar…
  noaa reports that 2017 was among the hottest years on record  action needed now before climate patterns get even…
just a quick update on the work my staff and i are doing to help illinois families get the most from their federal…
rt  militaryofficer  thank you to  congressmanraja for meeting with  militaryofficer to discuss why our troops need pay raises and why we…
rt  edworkforcedems  the paycheck fairness act is just one step towards economic security for women and workingfamilies  equal pay day
here are two awesome minnesotans 
to our friends on kauai  please report any damage to your property from the recent storm on the kaua i county webs…
rt  housedemocrats  for national small business week   repdwightevans  pa-02  and  housesbcdems ranking member rep   nydiavelazquez  ny-07 …
rt  hispaniccaucus  dear  speakerryan  it s time to force our colleagues to wake up and smell the coffee on  daca   let s bring the bipa…
thanks to  cleanairmoms for coming out to help hold  epascottpruitt accountable today  we need an  epa that protect…
rt  repterrisewell  bloody sunday isn t just a commemorative anniversary  it s an opportunity to grow  here s what i think we can learn  ht…
thank you to every nurse in the houston-area for your work and the care you provide daily to your patients and thei…
great meeting w/ executive director of city year sacramento jeff owen  city year americorps members are making a di…
rt  johnasbury  long island s two republican reps  reppeteking   leezeldin and dems  repkathleenrice and  tom_suozzi all voted against the…
rt  whiphoyer  this afternoon  the third leg of the make it in america listening tour is underway in madison  wisconsin  where i joined  repm…
rt  cdc_loans  thank you to  repscottpeters for visiting with a few of our borrowers during small business week  we know they were very appr…
dreamers deserve results  not more partisan bickering  today i joined my friend  hurdonthehill on  cnn to discuss o…
trump pardons  scooter  libby in cia leak case  libby leak
german nazi death camp inside poland  never again    poland
republican hypocrisy at its finest  gop wants to pay for the tax scam deficits with cuts to medicare  medicaid  and…
rt  fscdems    repmaxinewaters   senwarren   repalgreen   keithellison   senblumenthal &  senjeffmerkley sent a letter to acting  cfpb dire…
proud to join my friend & former orlando police chief  repvaldemings & her husband  orange county sheriff jerry dem…
happy to be on hand at announcement of  13 7 million for  berkinnovation to foster lifesciences & advanced…
there are 400 000  youth currently in foster care  foster youth – like all children – deserve the security of a saf…
concord medal of honor recipient  navy captain thomas j  hudner jr   will be laid to rest today with military hono…
tax reform should be about our constituents -- not donors  billionaires first
don t forget the tax filing deadline is coming up  if you or someone you know needs help  please visit my website t…
rt  politicsk12  don t close hundreds of public schools in puerto rico  that s the message from democratic lawmakers like  rosadelauro  nyd…
rt  transportdems  icymi  ranking member  reppeterdefazio introduced three pieces of legislation to invest in our nation s infrastructure …
news   housedemocrats demand senate block  realdonaldtrump cia nominee gina haspel for role in illegal torture pro…
rt  whiphoyer  on tax day  here is a look at another broken promise about the g o p tax scam  the law has not raised wages  instead  it s prov…
including a citizenship question in the 2020 census will suppress participation & will result in inaccurate data th…
reverend c  mackey daniels was a legend  faith leader  civil rights icon  and a source of inspiration for all of lo…
to every teacher in san diego  imperial county  and across the country--thank you  thank you for your dedication an…
or whatever  is this the amount of thought behind the administration s decision to forcibly separate mothers from…
rt  repvaldemings  on world press freedom day  i want to acknowledge african american journalists  ida b  wells  ethel l  payne and gertrude…
gop must reauthorize chip now  us kids 70% more likely to die before adulthood than kids in other rich countries 
rt  hispaniccaucus  cong border caucus says making americans pay  1 6 billion for a portion of president trump s borderwall is asinine  ht…
i agree that banning bump stocks will save lives  so will renewing the assault weapons ban  gun reform now march for our lives not one more
students across the country are demanding action and i stand with them  the law enforcement community  and the vast…
the future won t wait  neither can we  it s time to build  we need to modernize america s infrastructure  from our r…
 the help from congressman carson s office was very important and they deserve a lot of credit   edwin said   i don…
rt  edworkforcedems  strengthening  cte  for the 21st century act will ensure quality cte programs will be accessible to all students
rt  joseadelgadoend  velázquez está en el primer lugar de medidas aprobadas en la cámara baja  elnuevodia
congrats to  unifootball   cyclonefb &  hawkeyefootball for a great opening weekend of collegefootball  looking forward to next weekend 
rt  aclu_dc  thank you  eleanornorton  in addition to lgbt residents  this bill could impact any single-parent family or cohabitating unmar…
equal pay day is when women working full-time have their salaries catch up to men s from the year prior  this equal…
rt  housedemocrats  7 000 children have lost their lives to gun violence since sandy hook  how many more must we lose before congress takes…
we owe our history to generations of fearless women  unafraid to challenge the status quo and demand better from their country   iwd2018 
no matter what  realdonaldtrump says tonight  the reality will be that his presidency is one of the most chaotic an…
rt  fscdems  today  rm  repmaxinewaters asked  federalreserve board chairman jerome powell about what steps the board is taking to ensure t…
soon   housegop will vote to send their disgraceful g o p tax bill to conference committee  another step toward raisin…
rt  njtvnews    repjoshg talks gateway  rail safety at union training site  flanagannjtv reports  realdonaldtrump h…
as israel celebrates the 70th anniversary of its founding  this resolution will act as a powerful reminder that the…
honored to celebrate the 10 year anniversary of mandell multiple sclerosis center last week  having seen a loved on…
rt  repcummings  it s time to send a clear message on the 2020 census that everyone counts  an undercount will hurt people in red states to…
early voting for the may 1 election begins today  you can vote early through april 26  check out the early voting s…
today  gop stands for  get old people   the balanced budget amendment that they re bringing to the floor this week…
dreamers are in limbo because donald trump unilaterally decided to end the daca program  if republicans had the cou…
join us at the  bronxmuseum on wednesday may 2 for our annual congressional arts competition award ceremony 
why is an accurate population count so important  federal funding distribution  important demographic research  pol…
i m always looking to hear from constituents  join the conversation at our next congress on your corner this saturd…
rt  kristindavis  it was an honor to meet with the powerhouse  housedemwomen about the rohingya  refugees   thank you for your tireless wor…
yesterday the house unanimously passed the music modernization act in a historic step toward updating our music copy…
rt  repespaillat  the flint water crisis can t be allowed to happen elsewhere  congress can—and must—make critical investments in water inf…
rep  cicilline is hosting a senior resources fair in east providence on thursday  may 3rd  learn more about this op…
rt  nowthisnews  betsy devos still won t commit to fighting gun violence in america s schools — and rep  mark pocan is not having it
rt  farmcredit  thanks  repfilemonvela for meeting w/  texasfcs  we appreciate your support of rural infrastructure & agriculture  farm cr…
rt  abettermn  we asked rep  raymonddehn why he supported  erinmayequade s sit-in and the amendment for background checks that will be intr…
this week s action steps 
rt  pfforg  thank you congressman danny k  davis for your strong support for medical research  and thank you senator tammy duckworth for s…
budgets are moral documents and  nygovcuomo makes new york s progressive values crystal clear in the fy19 budget  s…
rt  fcwnow  trump executive order boosts agency cio role --
rt  ncj_of_humboldt   rephuffman says it s time to impeach 
it was wonderful to be able to spend time wishing my dear friend and great community leader  reverend george walker…
rt  repjoekennedy  tune in right now on facebook as i deliver the democratic s o t u response from fall river 
a mind to work  
today  i visited  deerfieldhs during their genocide commemoration day event to remember the victims and honor their…
facebook has profiles on people who have never even signed up for a facebook page  if you re among them  to see wha…
rt  rubengallego  proud to be a moms demand action gun sense candidate 
rt  sheriweiner  bellevue buzz january 2018 - help creekwood fire victims -
tariffs on pork and soybeans in china will hurt il farmers  i support fair trade and fighting for american manufact…
rt  jcpsyouth   atherton_high students  staff  and alumni  repjohnyarmuth wear orange in remembrance of school shooting victims throughout…
over the last year i was privileged to visit cheese makers in old brooklyn  coffee shops in lakewood  tomato grower…
forget georgia  delta come fly with us  flyont
rt  reploisfrankel  equal pay day recognizes that women must work 3 extra months just to earn the same pay as men  closing the gender wage ga…
d r e a mers are a vital part of communities across the country & i will not stand by as the president threatens their livelihood  defend d a c a
rt  brigurciullo  aaand the faa bill passes  spotted  aviation subcommittee chairman  replobiondo and rm  repricklarsen shaking hands on th…
  realdonaldtrump - mass cruelty is not acceptable public policy  deploying military forces  separating children f…
rt  future_of_music    rephankjohnson zeroes in on the classics act provisions in the music modernization act which would mean that artists…
rt  moaflcio  without a union  the boss and the investors get the extra money that the workers would otherwise get  there is no rational ar…
dr  king said that life s most urgent and persistent question is   what are you doing for others   as a leader of t…
that was when steve contacted my office and my staff got to work  we followed up with the irs and were able to hel…
had a great morning walking through downtown molalla to visit some thriving local businesses and meet the owners 
rt  ericglassertv   senbillnelson and  usrepkcastor speaking with students in tampa to hear their views on school safety  roundtable discu…
rt  waysmeanscmte  ways & means member  repdelbene led a bipartisan letter to irs acting commissioner kautter seeking answers to questions…
i m so proud of every newly registered voter  i hope they all vote in every election  and i thank our partners for…
today the  countyofla will recognize national maritime day for the first time in county history  thank you to eve…
rt  bluevirginia  video  rep   gerryconnolly says trump is  erratic  and definitely not a  stable leader   is  making conflict more inevita…
rt  nwlc   reprichmond  ladepthealth  aarplouisiana  nationalcouncil low-income women could face higher premiums and costs for medicaid—mak…
we won t forget our 17 eagles  we won t stop fighting for change  to stay up to date on the progress we ve made  c…
congratulations to the history-making world series champions  the  cubs 
icymi  yesterday i testified before the  rulesreps to speak out against dumping unwanted nuclear waste in our state…
 yellowlablover  socialsecurity doesn t sound right  i have full staff of constituent svc reps in my largo&annapoli…
in 2016  trump promised to reduce prescription drug prices by letting medicare negotiate with drug companies  tod…
legislation makes it more difficult for a president to remove a special counsel  codifies an appeal process  and pr…
rt  reprobinkelly  last night   rulesreps killed my  nra transparency amendment  families deserve to know if their vacation fund is going t…
rt  kylegriffin1  an analysis by the ap shows the nation s six big wall street banks saved at least  3 590 000 000 in taxes last quarter  t…
we should be working harder to protect student borrowers from predatory lending practices  mick mulvaney s actions…
if passed as written  the draft farm bill would inflict immediate harm on millions of americans struggling to put f…
nearly two years after pulse  i m proud of the work done by so many in our community to move us towards healing  r…
thanks for coming by the office 
rt  asu  about 10 400 undergraduate students will be receiving their degrees tonight  8 400 are arizona residents  nearly 3 000 are online…
just days before air quality week & less than 1 month before national asthma month  the trump administration quietly…
the house is in session this week  here s what we re scheduled to vote on 
ayer conversé con representantes del sector privado guatemalteco sobre la importancia de fomentar el crecimiento ec…
rt  repbobbyrush  we know  the g o p tax scam mortgages the future of seniors and working families in order to hand massive tax breaks to th…
good luck to  dolphinathletic  sachemstudents  mashpeefootball at gillette today  let s bring those super bowl trophies back to  ma09  
a1  it s a matter of public health  the  cpp  aims to reduce harmful pollution & improve air quality  smog & air pol…
read my entire statement ⬇️
thank you to the  coi_bayarea for inviting me to their membership luncheon  as a former small business owner in con…
  realdonaldtrump got elected by rural america  and he demonstrated in the campaign a connection to their concerns…
rt  repmaloney  4 years later families in flint still must use filters and bottled water to drink  clean drinking water must be a basic hum…
today  i had the opportunity to speak to the australian federal police about the role of law enforcement department…
rt  consumerfed  consumers have seen their rights get trampled  as borrowers  as buyers -  repraskin consumer assembly
rt  nvconservation  thank you  repkihuen for taking a stand against the dangerous and potentially disastrous yucca moutain proposal to ship…
best of luck to the  iolani_school history bowl team at the 2018  natlhistorybowl in arlington this weekend  it was…
rt  pathadvocacy  we learned from the ebola outbreak that we need to establish trust with communities where these outbreaks occur in order…
rt  homelanddems  hearing on  dhsgov  homeland security  and the budget with the secretary is about to begin  benniegthompson  video & more…
rt  housedemocrats  house dems stood with the hardworking men and women of the  machinistsunion who shared their stories about how workers…
thank you   whiphoyer 
today  6 months after the president terminated  daca   we members of the congressional  hispaniccaucus stood in soli…
monday evening i selected the winners of the  tx29  2018 congressional district art competition  melissa sosa  a st…
we have to do better for our young people  no one should fear for their life at school  i applaud their activism to…
rt  hispaniccaucus  trump s anti-immigrant policies are hurting small businesses across the country that can t find americans willing to do…
so proud to attend today s town hall for our lives in ridgewood w/  senatormenendez and nj students  the next genera…
rt  ricardorossello  dialogando con el congresista de connecticut  repjohnlarson sobre nuestra visión de desarrollo económico y su apoyo pa…
perfect 10  🏅
rt  transportdems  rm  reppeterdefazio &  epwdems sent a letter to gsa regarding the new partisan policy of not responding to democrats htt…
we lay out some new facts  1   russians sought to establish a secret back channel with trump campaign through nra…
i m hopeful metro-north can get  ptc  online by the end of the year - and i ve worked in washington to make funding…
join me in celebrating womens history month  i m proud of the progress women have made  but we need more women in of…
rt  oversightdems  breaking   repcummings issues statement on russian indictments   for all of those who have been asking  where is the evi…
rt  repmceachin  today  i sent a letter to  epascottpruitt with 49 other colleagues urging him to clarify his conflicting comments about  e…
great show today  politicsnation 
his proposed rescission would result in millions of tons of toxic pollutants being released into the air 
proud to support h r  4240 w/  repthompson  200 democrats and republicans agree that it s time to pass the…
wait  close aid to trump  escorted  out of the white house by security     and minutes later hired by the trump cam…
florida has nothing to gain and everything to lose from a massive expansion of offshore drilling  there is really n…
cnn  pediatricians are concerned about climate change  and here s why
rt  annmravel  this is an incredible directive  never saw anything remotely like this when i was chair  hopefully it will spur fec to take…
who s benefiting the most from the g o p tax scam  big corporations  a majority of the money saved from the tax scam i…
thank you to  whf_dc for inviting me to talk at the women in housing and finance symposium this afternoon  happy to…
rt  losaltospd  we re pleased to welcome  repannaeshoo to the department to discuss 911 operations on the heels of the 50th anniversary of…
trump pardons  scooter  libby in cia leak case  libby leak
getting ready for more syria talk  this time on  foxnews 
congratulations  teamusa on an exciting winter olympics finish & a special thanks to summerville  sc native  briaun…
i talked with future educators at  delstateuniv about a student loan repayment proposal we are working on with memb…
6 months after maria we demand that  fema and the administration start providing our fellow american citizens in…
what an honor to be at stillman college today as we celebrate the class of 2018  so proud to see my niece neshambia…
at today s  hfacdemocrats hearing i took the opportunity to ask why this administration refuses to do what is neede…
tampa bay estuary program– working to protect our bay  thanks for sharing your research with myself and councilwoma…
rt  barackobama  we are grieving with parkland  but we are not powerless  caring for our kids is our first job  and until we can honestly s…
rt  dc_vote  thrilled to join  eleanornorton  mayorbowser  chmnmendelson and others to begin fy19 rider defense of dc  hands off d c d c state…
job training programs help our workers stay competitive in the global economy  trumpbudget would slash them by 40%…
these coffeehouses serve as an important resource for our region s veterans  who can gather once a week to discuss…
last week  potus released politically motivated/misleading nunes memo to demean the fbi & doj  today he hypocritica…
it s a positive sign that the senate is willing to debate a new  aumf   but i have grave concerns that corker-kaine…
tengo un mensaje para las familias  a pesar de cómo este trump trate a los hispanos en puerto rico  tennessee y en…
el pueblo de pr está enfrentando tiempos difíciles  pero nunca pierde su esperanza  dignidad y agradecimiento por las bendiciones de la vida
as ag  i have fought for survivors across ca by working to prosecute traffickers & disrupt the criminal orgs that p…
go  des_linden go  boston marathon marathon monday women runthe world female athletes 🇺🇸
this kind of hate has no home in new york 
it confirms what we knew all along  trump s travel ban had nothing to do with vetting procedures or security  raci…
the 3407families are as dedicated as they come  and i m proud to fight alongside them every step of the way for st…
   from a fully-staffed bankruptcy court  while i would have preferred the original version of my legislation  which would have made    
if you re an older american  senate trumpcare makes you pay 115% more per month for your health insurance 
but i have come to believe that my presence as ranking member on the committee would not serve these efforts while…
rt  afabc_la  adding the question of citizenship threatens the count of the thousands of latinos in la and around the nation that deserve r…
happy hanukkah  this beautiful festival of lights is a reminder of the bright light of the human spirit  and i wish…
teaching is one of the most challenging    and rewarding jobs in the world  thank you to all the teachers …
rt  hfacdemocrats    hfacdemocrats &  hascdemocrats welcome today s south china sea ruling
tomorrow  president trump will deliver a speech outlining his long-promised and long-awaited plan to cut the price…
wishing everyone a safe and happy memorial day  we remember  always  our brave servicemen & women who sacrificed so much for our freedom 
rt  repkclark  a 46 day recess is 46 more days that the  housegop isn t passing legislation to end gunviolence  why won t you do your job 
improving health care includes making sure prescriptiondrugs are affordable  congress should be working together t…
today we remember and celebrate rosa parks on what would have been her 105th birthday 
members of congress should not spend federal tax dollars on first class flights  it s wasteful spending and should…
the g o p tax bill is fiscally irresponsible  adds &gt  1 5 trillion to the deficit & is being jammed through without hea…
the g o p tax scam was not written for middle-class workers  in virginia  the top 5% of earners get 62% of the tax bre…
today the house passed h r  4  the faa reauthorization bill  this five year bill contains a number of wins for neva…
rt  andrewperloff  you heard jim nantz     philadelphia is  the city of champions  
questioning  epa administrator pruitt now on his efforts to roll back critical longstanding toxic air pollution pro…
this state & nation deserve better b/c mental health is a critical component of overall wellness  fifty-six percent…
rt  waysmeanscmte  ranking member  reprichardneal & chairman  repkevinbrady applaud the senate s passage of a bipartisan bill that improves…
we ll continue to monitor the shutdown of colonial s gas pipelines  which may affect fuel supply in ga
this debt is unsustainable & poses a looming threat to the next generation  while economy is growing and unemployme…
the dream act gives congress a unique opportunity to secure the future of over 800 000 young people in this country…
great video by  jhalderm and  nytimes demonstrating election cybersecurity vulnerabilities and the importance of p…
without net neutrality  internet service providers will be allowed to charge you more to connect to the websites and apps you use 
my statement ahead of tonight s  sotu  →
rt  drmarkbrainard  our nursing students were very excited to meet  repbrochester this morning and discuss their future plans in the health…
tbt in honor of womens history month and the 85th birthday of supreme court justice ruth bader ginsburg  the…
rt  gelles  new   documents provided to congress fail to show scott pruitt got federally required waivers to fly first class -- and if he d…
maxine waters   what is trump so afraid of  in russia investigation
the us taxpayers were suckered into not recouping the  9 2 billion in r&d money owed to them from oil rich arab cou…
he worked as a surgeon and discovered chronic traumatic encephalopathy  cte  in football players – and was even po…
after rallying with young people who are calling for gun safety legislation  i spoke on the floor to call for chang…
it s open enrollment  now s the time to shop for an affordable health insurance plan  visit to get covered
here in california  home to the world s sixth-largest economy  every worker who powers this engine deserves rights…
rt  tibinational  so thoughtful congresswoman  repsusandavis presenting to  consuladousatj consul general william ostick at this morning s…
thank you for the invitation   ucla_law  looking forward to may 11th 
rt  anaheimfire  canyon fire2 shelter   katella high school closing   5 pm today  el modena high school in orange will remain open  orangec…
rt  courantphotogs  at the colt armory  hundreds from hartford s crec academy of the arts  join thousands across ct  and the u s  in a nat…
bloody sunday happened 53 years ago today  along w/ 600 civil rights marchers  repjohnlewis bravely faced down sta…
forcing a vote on g o p repeal three weeks ago without knowing its real world effect was irresponsible & reckless  no…
these are the districts that try a dccc/nrcc chairman s soul 
meet juan  juan lives in newark  he gets straight a s  he wants to go to college for engineering  he s a dreamer  w…
we can not and will not accept this news as part of a normal day  our children deserve go to school in a safe envir…
congratulations to the students at p s  16 in corona for winning the  we re walking here  competition to raise awa…
thank you james shaw a 29 years old  hbcu  grad of  tsu   member of  apa1906network alpha phi alpha  he s an american…
 potus  endorsement of policies that rip families apart and slash legal migration to the us is stupid and shortsighted 
it s tax day - let s take a look at the impacts of the extremely unpopular g o p tax scam  → raises taxes on 86 mill…
america does not belong to one race or ethnicity or group 
we must do everything we can to protect our environment and the health of our communities  i m glad to have been fe…
did you know that 63% of prospective students are more likely to attend college when finishing the fafsa  aim higher
rt  conserve_wa  the southern resident killer whale is one of the most iconic animals of our region  but they are also among the most at-ri…
rt  nancypelosi    realdonaldtrump is using every cynical political trick in the book to ignite anti-immigrant fervor  needlessly militariz…
thank you to all who joined us for today s public meeting on the impact of offshore drilling  rep  jared huffman  r…
having raised three children alone  i know the struggle is real  it s high time we realign our legislative prioriti…
delaney to host vietnam war commemoration and pinning ceremony november 8 in frederick
our local law enforcement need the tools and resources to fight crime  that s why i m hosting a grants workshop thi…
  epa administrator pruitt denies climate change  well  i read him letters from kids in maine who ve seen the disa…
our constituent service representatives will be throughout the district this week during neighborhood office hours …
i am joined by policy experts  sethhanlon of  amprog  nicole gill of  taxmarch  and eileen reilly of  cambainc  the…
message to gop  1  fund cdc to combat zika 2  vote on  scotus  nominee 3  vote to disarm hate just do your job 
i am truly grateful to receive the endorsement of  devalpatrick  who has been a progressive champion in ma and a le…
honored to receive the humane society s humane advocate award for my work protecting animals from abuse and cruelty…
congratulations to eastern ct  sbagov small business week2018 winners  connecticut manufacturer of the year  brian w…
don t forget  tomorrow is the last day for submissions for the 2018 congressional art competition  i m excited to s…
action steps for this week  and don t forget petitions 
did you know that 46 people die from prescription opioids every day  please protect your family & friends by taking…
trump will be impeached soon make a day better in5 words
rt  unicef  water is a right  not a privilege 💧 rt if you agree  world water day
as we prepare to get together with our loved ones for thanksgiving  we can t forget about the d r e a mers  thank you…
fact  more than 208 000 students have experienced gun violence since columbine  never again
count dc among the hundreds of proud  sanctuaries  that protect law-abiding immigrants  who contribute greatly to o…
rt  ricksmithshow  germany has a higher minimum wage  it s possible to make a decent living as a cook  for ex  b/c of the training and cert…
yesterday i had the pleasure of hosting a thank you ceremony for  tvccacares coffee house volunteers 
busy day on the hill but took a break to see the portraits of michelle and barack obama in person  even better in p…
true health is a federally-supported community health center that has been serving patients in cfl since 1977  last…
i m so thankful when i hear from folks back home  i thought i would share some of my responses to recent questions…
rt  vanitaguptacr  at house oversight hearing on the census  acting head of civ rts div john gore is a no show   repmaloney and  tgowdysc a…
head start programs are invaluable assets to our community  making critical investments in our children so they can…
it was fantastic attending the  ourocean screening of blue planet2  our oceans are extraordinary - and we must prot…
proud to lead my colleagues in sending a letter to chief justice roberts in support of same-day audio recordings  d…
rt  kpbsmidday  next   repjuanvargas talks about a daca fix and why he s boycotting pres  trump s first state of the union address 
  realdonaldtrump s decision to pull out of the iran deal not only makes america less safe by allowing the iranians…
 they saw me as an obstacle to privatization who had to be removed  that is because i am convinced that privatizati…
really honored to give remarks during my old law partner wilford taylor s retirement cerebration this evening
glad to celebrate the good work of mano a mano in lake county at the monarch gala 
trump  flynn admitted lying to the fbi  sally yates warned you that flynn had been compromised by your friend putin…
greeted a bright & energetic ca-40 resident  stephanie alfaro  at my office today  she s spent the past 5 months in…
today we celebrate the 5th anniversary of the end of don t ask  don t tell  thank you to all who serve and keep us safe 
wonderful to celebrate my dear friend  neighbor  and colleague  repsamfarr on his retirement  congrats on 23 outsta…
rt  abc7news   breaking   as 2 top epa aides depart amid ethics probes   repdonbeyer   gerryconnolly call for scott pruitt to resign or be f…
rt  latimes  dozens of palestinians killed at gaza border as u s  moves embassy to jerusalem
rt  reptimwalz  2 million people will have their access to food threatened if the  housegop passes their hyper-partisan farm bill  that s…
we should be prioritizing funds to fix our crumbling infrastructure now  making smart investments would support jo…
rt  senatedems  last week   repcummings wrote  tgowdysc calling for the house to investigate the trump white house security clearance proce…
democrats have repeatedly called for investigations into the trump admin s culture of corruption  unfortunately  the…
rt  repjeffries  83 percent of the benefits of g o p tax scam go to the wealthiest one percent in this country  and the american people know a…
i m heartbroken over this cowardly act of terror in nyc  my thoughts are with the families of the fallen and the injured 
have coffee with me  i m hosting  coffee with your congresswoman  events next week in neighborhoods across our comm…
wonderful to see my little activist constituent xiomara and her inspiring mom   elenahung202  who is president and…
last week  i pressed mulvaney about omb s involvement in responding to complaints about ethical concerns & inapprop…
president trump s decision to abandon the joint comprehensive plan of action will ultimately isolate america  not i…
rt  nilc_org  what do you do if ice is outside your door  remember  we have rights  this video series from  bklyndefender &  aclu prepares…
reminder  cold weather shelters are open in pinellas tonight at 6pm  share to help neighbors in need staywarm & s…
calling on governor john kasich to reject partisan attacks on ohioan s health care and work across the aisle to pro…
senator mccain has faced every battle in his life with dignity  respect and heroism 
veterans are changing us marijuana policies for the better  in a matter of weeks  the va medicinal cannabis researc…
if you needed more proof that president trump has completely abandoned puerto rico  here it is 
rt  smfdinfo  united states congressman  rephuffman took time to visit  smfdinfo a small district with a big responsibility  millions vis…
great visit this morning at  thorntonsinc in fox lake to talk with the team and even serve a few customers  fuel re…
i m honoring earth day by celebrating the paris agreement  glad to be joined by  senbrianschatz &  maziehirono 
rt  repmcgovern  wonderful breakfast at spanish american center in leominster with  repgutierrez and community leaders to talk about the n…
in telescope media v  lindsey my colleagues and i support civil rights protections for  lgbtq  people  including pro…
this massive failure was predictable and preventable  puerto rico 6 months after maria
join us for my farmers roundtable at the  tcc  center for workforce development 3 24 18 at 2pm  house agriculture co…
congrats to the hawks 
pretty amazing weekend up at hurricane ridge in  olympicnp find your park
over last 2yrs  there has been no legislation to increase minimum wage at all  especially to a living wage  last increase was in 2009  2/
la extradición del ex gobernador de tm  tomás yarrington  no es una hazaña  ha venido después de años de duro traba…
yesterday s holiday commemorates a fruitful crop season and represents a wish for a prosperous harvest in the next season 
tune in to quincy access television at 5 00 tonight  i ll be speaking with joe catalano about the federal spending…
president trump s comments are disgusting  divisive  and beneath the office he holds  america has been built by peo…
my statement on president trump s state of the union address 
here in california  we respect the constitution and follow the law  as i ve said many times  our state laws work…
merry christmas 
rt  thirdwaytweet  we must prepare our workforce w/ the skills needed to thrive in a changing economy  says  repbrochester  read our 12 big…
  housegop are rushing to make life harder for millions who depend on  snap  to put food on the table - including ve…
the big  bad wolf of a deficit didn t have to blow the house down  the republicans let him in 
pence s call for the special counsel to  wrap it up  echoed nixon nearly word for word
here in our capitol hill community  we will never forget the loss of uscp officer jacob chestnut & detective john g…
three months after president trump signed the g o p tax scam into law  the results are in -- investors and wealthy sha…
yucca mountain would mean nearly 9 500 rail casks of nuclear waste traveling from 76 sites across the country throu…
ag sessions just said we need to enforce the laws on the books today to keep guns away from criminals  we need to c…
trump admin decision to add a citizenship question to the 2020 census will intimidate noncitizens and lead to under…
great stop at  pushbuffalo today to discuss national and local affordable housing issues
happy birthday  marie curie was a pioneer in early physics whose research led to important discoveries in radiology…
 dukesb12  agentcoopr702  fiverrules  allahpundit well  except for the several guilty pleas  couple dozen indictmen…
the  lacwgi is committed to ending gender inequity in la county but needs your input  join the  community conversat…
solutions only idea 7  link service providers with law enforcement to cooperate and provide immediate services to s…
  speakerryan s decision to force out father conroy must be exposed for what it is  a cowardly capitulation to a ra…
 gregghoush  repseanmaloney i m already a proud co-sponsor of his bill  thanks for helping spread the word about saving net neutrality 
thank you  repmarktakano  i m so grateful for your support and your advocacy 
rt  billpascrell  no wonder why so many americans oppose the g o p tax scam – it will saddle our children & grandchildren with at least  1 5 t…
we celebrate hispanic heritage month and the immense contribution that the latino community has made to our culture and economy 
to achieve true parity in the tech space  inclusion and income inequality must be part of the conversation  i m in…
the civilian/military divide leaves many people unable to appreciate the full cost of war  and leaves many veterans…
i ll be speaking live at a  campaign4kids and  cpag_usa briefing on child poverty  value our kids
the trumpbudget shamefully guts housing benefits for families struggling to pay rent  cuts hurt our most vulnerable families 
the federal government s commitment to tribal communities isn t discretionary  i joined the  ncai1944 to talk about…
rt  tictoc  soon   wolfforpa   repdonnabullock   repdwightevans and  meekmill are holding a news conference calling for criminal justice re…
rt  janschakowsky  my democratic colleagues and i are working to find ways to end the trump shutdown  this is the first time in history tha…
thank you  reprubengallego  repraskin  repjayapal  replawrence  reptimryan  nydiavelazquez  eleanornorton…
republicans yet again are jeopardizing snap benefits for millions of low-income americans including thousands of…
 if you support the right causes  then sometimes you have to be very  very patient  you might even have to wait 50…
rt  repwilson  for 4 years  members of congress have been standing up for the chibok girls  thank you for your support   bbog   repadams  re…
rt  sherrodbrown  congrats to  richcordray and  bettysutton on becoming the democratic nominees to be ohio s next governor and lt  governor…
the submission deadline for the congressional arts challenge competition is next monday  april 23rd  can t wait to…
with my good friend and colleague  congressman john kline of minnesota  retiring chairman of the house education   
tearing families apart at the border is nothing less than inhumane and un-american  family separation must be stopp…
rt  dberrygannett     benniegthompson  who is back in mississippi  on congressional recess  some folks think it s exciting to come to washi…
rt  masstransitmag  u s  rep  veasey named swta legislator of the year t e x rail
thread  great news  after a lot of hard work and support from local economic development agencies  state/local elec…
as my constituents  you deserve a voice in the 2018 farm bill process  i ll keep working to make  mn01  heard  keep t…
thanks to everyone who helped us collect signatures to get on the ballot this year  i truly appreciate your time  mapoli
my wife libby and i are longtime planned parenthood supporters 
in jan  i pledged to donate my salary during the partisan gov shutdown to charity  a portion went to  directrelief …
sadly   roc  is not immune to the opioidepidemic that is tearing so many communities apart  these latest stats are…
my bill will create a  5 million competitive grant program to support organizations working to educate the public &…
very expensive champagne will be popping in drug company boardrooms across the country tonight  the g o p tax scam gav…
rt  delawaredot  in preparation of the anticipated forecast  here are some tips for the road  drive smart d e in like a lion del d o t net de 🦁🌧…
rt  clearforpa  the  nytimes outlines 6 reasons why pay has trailed behind job growth - among them  a low minimum wage 
celebrating the jewish community council of pelham parkway s service to the bronx at their annual breakfast this m…
standing today with my house & senate colleagues for the introduction of our net neutrality cra  it is clear that w…
need help with health care  housing or paying for education  join me this saturday at hawkins high school for a com…
icymi -  epascottpruitt is launching yet another attack on our environment by weakening one of our most effective c…
happy halloween from the nation s capital 
rt  housedemocrats  we are live at the 2018 issues conference with house democratic leaders  tune in  a better tomorrow
today   housejuddems  jacksonleetx18  repcohen wrote letter to  repgoodlatte to demand action on mueller protection…
today  i delivered the weekly democratic address  click here to watch
global leadership today requires a stern rebuke of nationalism  a vision for combatting generational crises like cl…
on tax scam  even republican sen  marco rubio says  no evidence whatsoever that the money s been massively poured b…
i was one of those black people discriminated against in my car loan terms  and i ve got  cfpb action to thank for…
moms dont need reckless paidleave proposals that would endanger social security  a national paid leave plan should…
fattah tax credit bill for students permanently extended after house vote
april and i are deeply saddened by the news of county executive kamenetz s passing  kevin was a tireless public ser…
vox  ebola is back & john bolton s new nsc just got rid of its outbreak expert  plus trump s request to cancel eb…
rt  reprichardneal  you can t upend the tax system without creating serious problems – & we re already seeing the g o p tax scam creating many…
now that the president has withdrawn the u s  from the iran deal  we must look ahead to what comes next  iran must…
our constituent service representatives will be throughout the district this week during neighborhood office hours …
my thoughts and prayers to terence crutcher s family & his loved ones  his life mattered  s t o pthekilling
today s decision is a victory for equality and love 
what does wh cos kelly mean when he says they  take domestic violence seriously   does that mean ignoring the fbi…
oregon produces some of the finest wine in the world  so it s no surprise that our wines will be served to french p…
mary and i were honored to attend the veterans day ceremony in stockton today  and had an opportunity to thank some…
happy yom ha atzmaut  israel  here s to 70 years and many more 
rt  foxnewsvideo  rep  garamendi talks diplomatic progress with north korea |
we must take action now to ensure a clean and safe environment for all communities  as we recognize clean air month …
ohioans  time is running out  the open enrollment period for 2018 ends at midnight  find a plan that works for you…
it s that time of the year again  we re looking for artistic  talented high schools students in oh-13 district for…
under this logic  the president could start a war anywhere where a foreign state could possibly use any weapon to a…
great story today in the  lodownny about a great nyer who left significant sums to  henrystreet in her will  inspi…
thank you  repwilson for your sustained efforts in fighting for the chibok girls  bring back our girls
i sent a letter with the  hispaniccaucus demanding information from  dhsgov on the detention of pregnant immigrants…
 2 of 2    that is going to have a very serious negative impact on our ability to get the job done   dr  anthony fauci   nih  zika
net neutrality prevents your internet service provider from blocking  slowing down  or discriminating against conte…
rt  cda_dc   at this important moment  the u s  should increase its embassy presence in havana in order to support exchange and advance u s…
joined sen  lionell spruill and del  cliff hayes to hear concerns that chesapeake residents have with the proposed…
i m sorry to hear that my friend and classmate  repesty is retiring  she has been a force on gun safety and infrast…
putin has already undermined democracy in russia through intimidation  persecution  and underhanded legal maneuve…
rt  oversightdems   repcummings  replynch   repcummings  replynch  they reflect either a fundamental ignorance about the history and ideals…
congrats to my military academy nominee carina richardson  who was appointed to the u s  naval academy  carina  a s…
vel phillips was my friend & champion  she cheered me on through every victory in my life & taught me to always kee…
the consumer financial protection bureau is shutting its office focused on student loans  putting special interests…
a very classy way to honor chris street s memory by jordan bohannon   cms40 
need health insurance  now s the time to get your family an affordable plan  visit to get s…
last week   epa  epascottpruitt -- who once sued to stop the chesapeake bay clean-up -- was the subject of 3 indep…
my title v i i i nursing workforce programs bill passed  energycommerce today  here is why that s so important 
850  constituents have contacted my office expressing that  epascottpruitt should immediately resign & i agree  su…
it s national small business week  small businesses are the backbone of our economy  the people who run them are ent…
we can still save the internet  i haven t given up on the fight for net neutrality and neither should you  consumers…
so much for drain the swamp  83% of the benefits from the g o p tax scam go to the wealthiest 1% of americans  even m…
great to meet and chat with  americanlegion post 569 chaplain today 
tendré un rol activo en el proceso  es crítico que los miembros sean personas inteligentes  trabajadoras  justas y conocedoras de pr 
rt  kgo810    ronnowens talks with congressman jared huffman about the current climate in dc  ronn owens report  daca  continuing resolution…
the energy this morning shows that the movement to endgunviolence is here to stay  thank you all for joining me -…
s  139 would allow the trump administration to use this powerful tool against dreamers and others without immigration status 
upton amendment is a fig leaf but won t mask trumpcare s gutting of protections for people with preexisting conditions
it is imperative we allow the mueller investigation to continue and follow the facts where they lead  we must prote…
secretary tillerson is one of the many people who have left the trump administration  which continues to demonstrat…
tonight  i m hosting a town hall tonight at the seattle public library at 5 30pm  join me  rsvp here …
nov  1 means open enrollment  shop and compare health coverage plans on  coveredca
reports are that trump will force tillerson out of the state department but the question is whether trump first ask…
there s only two possible scenarios here   1  john kelly said his boss   realdonaldtrump  is an idiot  or  2  two p…
i m also a proud co-sponsor of the fair pay act  the paycheck fairness act  and the pay equity for all act of 2017 …
rt  outfrontcnn   for the longest time trump officials said he was just a low level staffer  a coffee boy  this washington post article sho…
critical to have your voice heard over next 2 years to protect our values   2/2 
happy to announce that i ve restored the polling site at the latimer gardens housing complex in flushing  no longe…
a foolish  politically-motivated citizenship question on the census could actually risk billions in federal funding…
happy easter 
rt  repjudychu  proud to sport my  f  rating from the  nra
our hearts are heavy today for all of the victims and survivors of columbine  and the best way we can honor them as…
state of delaware offices in new castle county are closed on wednesday  march 7  2018 from noon until 11 59 p m …
grateful to meet with texas  vfwhq   wwp   pva1946  and  reparrington this morning to talk about how we can deliver…
high school students  don t forget to submit your artwork by tomorrow for the congressional art competition
this is an investment we need to make for nashville s future  the time is now to say yes to transit  transit for nash
celebrating the legacy of martin luther king  jr  at the 36th annual m l k day2018 memorial scholarship breakfast 
mobile mceachin is tomorrow  may 15th from 10 00a to 2 00p in emporia  this is an opportunity for constituents to m…
thx to brave  fdny responders to bronx explosion  we mourn loss of battalion chief & hope for swift recovery of injured cops 
need health insurance for 2018  you can find health plans cheaper than your cellphone bill on…
a special thank you to the  csu_ci college democrats for coming out this morning to support  juliabrownley for  ca26 
congratulations to the students from horizon science academy mckinley park charter school in chicago who were selec…
rt  transitfornash   may 1 isn t very far away  are we going to correct the mistakes of the past  this is an opportunity for nashville to g…
join me today at a community forum on gunviolence in milwaukee at the  sojournermke family peace center …
excited to visit  coworktcc   thinkmeld   bluprairietech &  procircular to highlight national startupday across am…
well  there you go   
check out some of the photos from my birthday party at the soo pass ranch in detroit lakes 
  barackobama is expanding access to paid leave  i urge  housegop to join  housedemocrats to lead on leave
with friends like you who needs enemies  apparently  trump campaign conspired with russian spies to sellout our dem…
great visit this week to the william spyropoulos greek american day school of st  nicholas greek orthodox church i…
join me with state & local experts to discuss school funding on saturday morning at 9 30  education schoolfunding
rt  replloyddoggett  since 2006  the average cost for a year of medication for someone with a chronic disease has more than doubled to over…
i thank the brave men and women in uniform for doing their jobs reflective of the greatest military our world has ever seen 
rt  votevets  it s as if each morning someone demands  potus describe in 140 characters or less why he s unfit to be president 
must watch tax day video  the g o p tax scam is simply useless when it comes to creating jobs 
new york s criminal justice system is broken  88% of the city s jailed population is black or latino 16 000 are…
i m joining  mariabartiromo on  morningsmaria today at 7 am et to discuss news of the day  you can watch live on  foxbusiness
we should increase access to life-saving mental health care for veterans returning from war and address the increas…
yet  housegop wants to cut the work opportunity tax credit in billionaires first plan  which gives credit for emplo…
it was a pleasure attending the east county naacp membership & awards banquet this past weekend as they honored civ…
rt  repstevestivers  appreciated the chance to discuss projects in  oh15  and central ohio with  repbeatty at  rickintlairport as part of …
how do republicans want to pay for the g o p tax scam  by cutting crucial benefits like medicare  medicaid  and…
organic agriculture is a booming industry  but the house farm bill   fy 2019  usda budget eliminates important cons…
rt  joannaaliseain    repdannydavis  this crucial program provides high quality tax assistance to hard working families…it is a prime examp…
women  on average  make 80 cents to the male dollar  that gap increases for women of color  in california  latinas…
so many educators have had a profound impact on my life  like my 6th grade teacher  lizbeth larkin  on national tea…
in the days between the 150th birthday of w e b  du bois and the end of black history month  i m reflecting on the…
americans are dreamers  dreamers are american  together we fight   sotu 
alan grayson brings  together very different groups of people to combine them into something more powerful  a force…
rt  repkarenbass  224 days ago  congress nearly unanimously told trump to sanction russia  he didn t  protecting this country shouldn t b…
as co-founder of hestec  it was a pleasure to help kickoff hestec s 15th anniversary at the congressional   
lana jones knew everyone  and everyone who knew lana knew her to be smart  kind  thorough  and great at her job  i…
rt  jahimes  there s only one way to travel in afghanistan with  rosadelauro and that s by connecticut-made  sikorsky uh-60 blackhawk  worl…
rt  replloyddoggett  since 2006  the average cost for a year of medication for someone with a chronic disease has more than doubled to over…
it was an honor to join the autism awareness day church service and fair at franklin-st john s united methodist chu…
live on periscope  congressional signing ceremony for korean war veterans wall bill
rt  gcrta  thank you  sensherrodbrown  senrobportman  repmarcykaptur for your support in making it possible for us to be able to convert ou…
hoy a las 10 00 am participaré del foro  pr en crisis  q realiza el center for american progress action fund
 ahca  is a bad deal for patients and providers  i will oppose this legislation 
rt  audubon_gl  birds face too many challenges today to weaken the most important bird conservation law we have  thank you   janschakowsky …
today  senate democrats vote to save the internet  proud to support similar net neutrality legislation here in the h…
rt  edworkforcedems  this mother s day  momsdontneed to wait any longer  we need a comprehensive and affordable national paidleave progra…
rules  hr5982  seeks to overturn weren t written at  midnight   multiple rounds of public comments & edits were made as required by  apa   3/
 name_u_know  fineout  flgovscott  senbillnelson  senaudrey2eet  fcoa1 thanks for update  name_u_know clearly  squ…
today  we honor the six million lives lost during the holocaust yom hashoah 
today s decision by president trump to leave the paris agreement puts our standing in the world at risk 
rt  liszhou  rep  debbie dingell takes zuckerberg to task in a fiery exchange  you didn t know about key court cases regarding privacy and…
the students of stoneman douglas are speaking out tonight for change  it s time for congress to show the same coura…
rt  nancypelosi  october is breast cancer awareness month  take a moment and empower yourself with these prevention tips from  thenci 
rt  cbsnews  california task force takes illegal guns off the street
rt  repbillfoster    realdonaldtrump has denied the science of climatechange and let  epascottpruitt gut environmental regulations  it s d…
⚪️ turned the presidency into a profit-making enterprise /6
in today s financial services hearing  i urged the treasury sec  to give a hard deadline for federal debt limit 
many navajo chapter houses in remote areas rely exclusively on chrs to deliver emergency services to high-risk & elderly populations 
a woman s health and family planning are decisions to be made by her and her doctor -- no one else  that s why i…
this spring my office was lucky enough to host alex  an intern from the gmu mason life program  last week was his l…
yesterday  i met with melissa kazen and melissa limón of  cissanantonio to discuss education 
new  uscbo report shows u s  deficit will surpass  1 trillion by 2020  two years before expected due to the…
honored to welcome and introduce the  monsantoco opportunities for af  ams  in ag & stem panel c b c agpanel…
according to  usda  businesses that receive vapg are less likely to fail and provide more jobs for their communitie…
thx to  librarycongress for this otd gem on maine s 198th b-day  a letter my long ago predecessor rep  john holmes…
rt  megan_price8  thank you to my congressman  lacyclaymo1 for attending the  websteru commencement dinner  and reminding new graduates wha…
on the 20th anniversary of the good friday agreement  we recognize those who came together to achieve peace in the n…
as firefighters continue to battle the fires raging in our community and throughout southern california  my thought…
the us doesn t have a trade deficit with canada  but we do have an intelligence deficit 
rt  housedemocrats  there has been a school shooting nearly every other day in 2018  congress could act now to end gun violence  but repub…
good morning central florida 
proud of you all for leading the charge to make our communities safer  we can make change if we all come together a…
joining  msnbc  alexwitt at 12 15 to discuss iran deal and n korea 
rt  oversightdems  breaking  trump administration travel abuses - top dems requested hearing follows ig report on va secretary shulkin trip…
kicking off a 2 hour drive to bears ears with reps   iselablancaz and  ericdescheenie  we ll be meeting first with…
save local business act should be in the 2018 omni to provide clarity to small businesses on jointemployer …
this was all too predictable  whatever benefit middle-class americans may have received from the g o p tax scam--which…
rt  ncdor  congressman  gkbutterfield joined ncdor &  taxtimeallies in rocky mount today to help promote filing taxes for free through fre…
glad to see my colleagues on the senate judiciary committee take a major step toward protecting special counsel mue…
rt  cityofpuyallup  free family fun this friday 
rt  dorismatsui  there s no time to waste when it comes to funding community health centers and addressing other important health extenders…
rt  stopfraudco  the colorado puc is warning residents of a  spoofing  scam  beware caller id can be manipulated t…
rt  repbeatty  fact  the trump budget will strip healthcare from 30 million newly-insured americans and cut medicare by  237 billion  talk…
earlier this week i met with  kristindavis - you may know her from sex & the city  but i know her as a  refugees go…
praying for the victims  their families  and first responders of the senseless tragedy in las vegas 
  hawaiiredcross emergency shelters are open at the pahoa regional community center and the keaau community center …
the facts continue to pile up against the shameful g o p tax scam 
rt  msnbc  rep  maxine waters on president trump s proposal to arm teachers   that is a crazy idea  teachers do not want to be armed     th…
esta falta de disciplina fiscal es lamentable  pero comprensible   
women should not have to fight for equal pay for equal work  equal pay day
 housenewdems mahalo 
how does pushing people into homeless help them keep or find work  and how is that every program that helps poor pe…
rt  malibrarydem  i just cast my vote for mike capuano  ethical  honest  sincere  polls are open until 8 p m  masen
who but donald trump could come up with a way to spend  1 7 trillion on things that we don t need  hurt our militar…
rt  repjoecrowley  cutting taxes for corporations and special interests does not create jobs  my republican colleagues will bankrupt you in…
thanks  jerrybrowngov for signing into law the rightto rescue act  as a member of the animal protection caucus this is the right thing to do
the special counsel s indictments reveal a sophisticated  coordinated and large-scale attack on our democracy by a hostile foreign power 
the president s assault on freedom of the press continues as he threatens the credentials of reporters who expose h…
  potus is doubling down on the same failed trans ban he announced last summer  numerous courts have already prohib…
trump shutdown fact  approximately 2/3rds of cdc and 3/4ths of nih employees will be furloughed  we will lose valua…
the wage gap is not only a women s issue it is a problem that affects all members of our society  when women lose o…
happy birthday to former congresswoman carrie p  meek  florida s first black member of congress  she served in the…
proud to see illinois attorney general  lisamadigan among those suing the trump administration over its attempts to…
g o p budget cuts medicare  medicaid  and dozens of federal programs that help middle-class and lower-income americ…
after the abduction of her daughter  pamela foster turned her grief into action  we joined pamela and…
i m saddened to learn of the passing of former first lady barbara bush  i remember fondly when mrs  bush visited my…
women earning the median income in the u s  will earn  400 000 less over their careers than men  let s be a country…
the 17 women who have accused president trump of sexual misconduct must be heard  which is why i joined…
promesa beneficia los intereses de todos y es la mejor alternativa al caos   
in the defense bill  i fought to secure  2 8b in survivor benefits for military widows of servicemembers who died o…
i am proud to support cong larson s bill to expand social security 
on friday  i toured  william_pennhs s farm-to-table program with my friend rep   rodneydavis  this program provides…
always great to meet with eliot russman w/  fidelco guide dogs  these shepherds provide safety  freedom & independe…
rt  nwlc  today is a a p i equal pay day  when asian women in the u s   pay catches up to what white men made in 2017  but this number can be m…
 may all members be mindful that the institutions and structures of our great nation guarantee the opportunities th…
rt  homelanddems  unfortunately  the electionsecurity briefing  speakerryan just announced is unclassified  no way it can properly educate…
in birmingham  delegation photo  faithnpolitics at 16th street baptist church   whiphoyer  repbarbaralee…
excited that  donnafedwards will host conversation on big guns  politicsprose in dc nxt monday night 
on the 1st tuesday of each month my office holds satellite hours in matawan from 10 am to 4pm  where my team can as…
everyone should read  barackobama s statement on president trump s decision to abandon the american commitment to t…
rt  winwithoutwar  thank you   uw for hosting such an amazing webinar  honored to have our own  katekizer with  repadamsmith  k8gould and  …
on international womens day we celebrate the incredible accomplishments of women here in the u s  and all around t…
california is prepared to take any steps necessary to protect our planet and people 
rt  hfacdemocrats  140 house democrats to trump  follow the law  impose sanctions on russia 
to report a suspicious call  please contact my senior scam hotline at  800  974-1301 or at seniorshotline mail hous…
rt  _mealsonwheels  seniors across the country were supported today when we discussed the millions of seniors who depend on meals on wheels…
that is why it is so inspiring that an unprecedented surge of first-time female candidates are running for offices…
i have warned about this  trump sabotage can wreak the  aca  
congratulations to john parsons on your retirement  northwest indiana is indebted to you for your dedicated service…
glad anthony borges  the 15-year old parkland student who was shot while shielding his classmates  was released fro…
60 years ago today the  dodgers played their very first game in la  they played in the los angeles memorial coliseu…
rt  outfrontcnn  jeff sessions is  in a very difficult position because of the actions of the president   says rep  jerry nadler  as former…
family is an american value  but  potus administration is seeking to drastically cut family immigration  congress m…
president trump loves to brag about his accomplishments -- i wonder when we ll hear about the  tremendous  drop in…
ty  meekmill for speaking out about the need for criminal justice reform in pa  as a life-long resident of…
 give me your tired  your poor  your huddled masses yearning to breathe free      realdonaldtrump and  icegov need…
last week  republicans invited small business owners & experts to a hearing & asked how the g o p tax scam was helping…
public education opens the doors of opportunity to our students  yet historic under-investments in education by the…
if president trump meets w/ president kim jong un as a visceral reaction to a calculated invitation at least 2 thin…
watch my exchange w/  ustreasury secretary steven mnuchin urging him to expedite & expand community disaster loan f…
 the flint water crisis can t be allowed to happen elsewhere  congress can—and must—make critical investments in wa…
i introduced the nope act to hold our elected officials accountable  you deserve representatives who listen to your…
the veterans day tribute and bbq celebration at the alfredo gonzalez texas state veterans home was a huge   
rt  chowproject  mahalo to  tulsigabbard  maziehirono  repmarktakai  senbrianschatz for your support for increased viral hepatitis funding 
after 9/11  i worked at  deptofdefense & became close friends w/servicemembers  i comforted their families when the…
the  cfpb has returned  12 billion to americans cheated by financial fraud and abuse  trump s pick to lead the agen…
 tx29  has been home to immigrants and blended families for generations  and to hear that the trump administration i…
fattah moment in congress / improving the life chances of millions gear up gearupworks via  youtube
rt  defendourfuture  on monday  we will join virginia s  repmceachin for a conversation on environmentaljustice  faith and climate action …
proud to have so many organizations supporting my protecting veterans credit act  this bipartisan legislation w…
it is my hope that  speakerryan s decision not to pursue reelection will provide him with the courage to stand up t…
congresswoman sheila jackson lee and harris county officials talk policy after sheriff s deputy kills unarmed black…
how devoted am i to  kasiedc &  msnbc  sacrificing my sunday night chinese food to appear on 8 pm block in dc  to w…
i signed this letter  confirming gina haspel would send the wrong message to the world about our country s stance o…
rt  mitchellreports  here s the official retreat on trophy elephants   president trump and i have talked and both believe that conservation…
my full statement with  jimlangevin  repholding  repgregorymeeks  tomcoleok04 and  repjoewilson …
abandoning the iran deal is a terrible idea  unilateral withdrawal by the u s  will severely damage our credibility…
if the allegations of improper behavior by  realdonaldtrump s nominee to run the va are true  they are deeply troub…
2/ we must redouble our efforts to combat this trend by confronting bias wherever it is  and through programs like…
rt  repcleaver  about to go live with  teamcavuto  be sure to tune in 
passage of the build act out of the house foreign affairs committee is a significant milestone towards helping to b…
learn more about rep  cicilline s legislation to give news media a fair shot in negotiations with digital giants li…
over the course of a 40-year career  the average woman loses  418k to the wage gap  and in ct alone  this costs wom…
thank you  sika_usa for the tour of your lyndhurst facility  sika employs more than 1 400 people & their work cont…
icymi  i recently spoke with  cheenan4 to discuss the east bay s housing crisis  tech diversity  and my continued w…
congratulations to my friend  repjoekennedy and to a great crowd in fall river on a forward looking speech with a p…
i m celebrating a a p i heritage month by voting hawaii into round 2 of  cqrollcall s taste of america 
stopped by a  ucsandiego political sociology class to share my professional background and perspective on public se…
this week  i joined the california state society for a charity auction in support of thomas fire and flood relief …
with  oregongovbrown and curry county sheriff john ward at the brookings emergency operations center briefing 
rt  fednet  the house passed by voice vote  cbrangel bill encouraging korean americans be able to meet with family members from north korea 
after  potus  announced 25% tariffs  i joined democratic colleagues on house ag committee urging potus to work closel…
students of color should not face harsher discipline than their white classmates  education  as a civil rights issu…
heartbroken as news continues to develop about the tragic oakland fire that has affected so many  including on the…
rt  specnewshv   students across the country are leading the national conversation on gun violence in our schools    repseanmaloney said  a…
now that we know what s in the g o p tax plan  what cuts/eliminations concern you the most about the bill 
this shutdown is entirely unnecessary & counterproductive  i will remain in washington to do the job my constituent…
 gearupwa here s a picture from one of my visits  
proud to vote no on trump care  this bill was a bad deal for hardworking wisconsinites 
rt  billpascrell  about  1 6 trillion of the g o p tax scam law will go right into the pockets of the big corporations and top 1 percent  can…
excited for the perseids meteor shower tonight  perseids2016 example of why i fight for better science education
it was such an honor to meet french president  emmanuelmacron today after his address to congress 
sexual harassment  the gop tax plans  and government shutdown were on the agenda in my interview with  kpbsmidday t…
joined folks for the grand opening of the new  hamburginn on the east side of iowa city 
compare the difficulty of buying a gun in the us vs  other developed countries  you ll then understand why so many…
rt  sustainableag    reptimwalz coming out strong to defend conservation  veterans programs  sustainable ag  thank you 
as ranking democrat on  appropsdems subcommittee overseeing  fbi budget  it is important to note that this past yea…
excited to speak at  mainetourism conference later today and hear from the businesses that support a huge part of o…
rt  rosadelauro  if congressional republicans really cared about children s health  they would fund our nation s community health centers a…
glad to see it in  next time we ll get more 
la decisión del fiscal general jeff sessions de eliminar un programa de ayuda legal para los inmigrantes es muy pre…
rt  whiphoyer    realdonaldtrump – you have it backwards in your  sotu  address  dreamers are americans too 
as a proud husband to my wife  marty  and the father of four daughters  i wish to celebrate the international day   
congratulations to clifton on being one of only 10 cities to receive the green streets grant from  tdbank_us  this…
 snap  is our country s most effective safety-net program working towards ending hunger for 42 million people who re…
action steps for this week 
thanks for having me   goldsmithnews 
rt  keithellison  reveal is awesome  second best podcast ever   after mine  we the pocast   here s a phenomenal follow-up episode on redl…
rt  rogerriley   chazallen2013  daveloebsack hearing about new middle school to be built in newton  whohd  idaveprice
rt  americamag  immigrant advocate sister norma pimentel to receive notre dame s laetare medal
rt  nolabelsorg  live on capitol hill with govs  kasich  hickenlooper  and the problem solvers caucus
check out this week s action steps 
likewise  pete  i hope everyone tunes in 
yesterday  i spoke out against the disastrous g o p tax scam  americans know that this plan will hurt them and our eco…
while trump struggles to understand the difference between temperature and climate  we must take action in our own…
i posted a new photo to facebook
connecticut is a service state  service programs like  americorps  seniorcorps and  teachforamerica generate a 4-1…
we are one step closer to implementing the historic paris agreement on climate change  paris agreement climatechange
rt  markwarner  the nunes memo is a partisan effort to undermine law enforcement agencies & the russia investigation  using this misleading…
rt  congressionalac  any soccer fans out there  check out what  repjohnlewis  app challenge winner created sports tech  stem  house of code h…
last week we recognized the 50th anniversary of dr  martin luther king jr  s assassination  i took the opportunity…
  newbalance contract w/ military is a victory for maine workers that has been a long time in coming  i ve been pro…
praying for the safety of everyone displaced by the kilauea volcano eruption  our hearts go out to the people of ha…
continuing earth day celebrations today with  skagitfisheries  headed out for a trail maintenance cleanup project t…
rt  ksatnews  this includes rep  lloyd doggett s district  which runs from austin to san antonio  k s a tnews
met with armenia s deputy prime minister vache gabrielyan and ambassador grigor hovhannissian today to discuss bui…
my bill  the online safety modernization act  would make swatting a federal crime and provide resources for prevent…
proud to support  bklynlibrary and their efforts to close the digital divide by offering free public laptops at sun…
calling all  ca44  high school students  my office is still accepting entries for this year s…
to all the kids in dutchess county and around the hudson valley  i m proud of the stand you re taking against…
rt  federaltimes  rep  ruppersberger s 7 steps for better cyber oversight   call_me_dutch
cannabis festival bonanza - never ending car lines despite several entrances - got in quickly only because i was a speaker - legaliz
rt  votevets  the senate healthcare bill bill cuts billions from medicaid  which 1 75 million veterans use for coverage  to fund tax cuts…
i support  govmarkdayton s decision to veto this harmful bill and stand up for wild rice protections and the clean…
rt  alzgla  it s time for change in alzheimer s policy  we applaud  sencapito  stabenow  peterroskam  replindasanchez  senatorwicker  senat…
  replawrence reaction following the house committee on oversight and gov t reform briefing on the concern of the…
rt  edworkforcedems   icymi  yesterday  ranking member  bobbyscott received  childcareaware s congressional champion for children award for…
five years ago  the lives of 20 innocent children and six educators at sandy hook elementary were taken by senseles…
rt  hispaniccaucus  right now  you can still apply to renew your  daca   if you meet the requirements to apply for daca renewal  you should…
rt  gnash00  2017 sports review  predsnhl 2017 western conference champs  titans nfl playoffs  mls awards nashville with a team not a…
calling all young artists  if you re interested in participating in the 2018 congressional art competition  and hav…
congresswoman sheila jackson lee participated at the cinco de mayo parade with her granddaughter  happy cinco de m…
    to maintain and update public housing developments across the country  my five sisters and i grew up in public…
thank you to ltg h r  mcmaster for speaking truth to power and serving honorably in the name of our national securi…
president trump could not have been more wrong when he said that killing the iran deal  sends the right message  to…
happy easter 
i oppose  hr36  because it will stand in the way of a doctor s ability to best care for patients  click to watch 
 epascottpruitt   epascottpruitt  your approach is bad for the environment  bad for public health & bad for busines…
rt  shobawadhia   immcouncil immigrant achievement awards honoring  repgutierrez followed by our spring board meeting
just signed on as a cosponsor of this bipartsan  bicameral effort by  repjimmypanetta   repgallagher to help small…
rt  ananavarro  can u imagine how republicans in congress would react if a russian oligarch sectioned by the us govt had paid hillary clint…
the killing of 50  and wounding of 1700  palestinians protesting the opening of the u s  embassy in jerusalem is h…
rt  ricksmithshow  i m helping west virginia tech university help their students meet the needs of silicone valley  incl facilitating part…
pruitt has to go  boot pruitt
the house just passed a bipartisan bill i co-led with rep   mikekellypa to prevent and punish scam charities  ameri…
rt  officialcbc  today is the day  tweet us using the hashtag c b c demands justice to ask a question or comment  members will start answering…
rt  hispaniccaucus  ** the white house s fear-mongering is on full display today ** first trump  then kelly  now kirstjen nielsen    and…
 realdonaldtrump  who skips funerals for victims of mass shootings and didn t commend james shaw  the good guy with…
rt  engineorg   repzoelofgren and  thejusticedept agree that the  repmimiwalters amendment to  fosta  is not the right way to go after sex t…
this christmas  it s the silk stockings that get stuffed  paid for by working americans 
four years ago the world was shocked by the flint water crisis and demanded action  but many flint families are sti…
tune in  i will hold a press conference at 10am w/  cmsgov & leaders of non-profit organizations that serve…
today s report from house intel gop is proof the investigation was tainted by partisanship  republicans were tasked…
congrats to upper saddle river s  cavallinischool for being named one of three national winners in the…
 reprehensible    anti-jersey schmuck  &  chutzpah doesn t even begin to cover it —i think we appropriately summed…
social security is the bedrock program that millions of seniors rely on  for two-thirds of beneficiaries  it is the…
rt  ac360   he endured unspeakable torture… to say something like that about a man who has given this much for his country is just beneath…
on this holocaust remembrance day  we remember the darkest chapter of our history & honor those who resisted the naz…
as a veteran  a member of congress  and an american  i hope we can move past this chaos  i will continue my work to…
i m thrilled that these two groups are honoring the important tradition of cultural exchanges  which have for gener…
years of underfunding has led to crumbling roads  bridges and transit systems across the country  we need to modern…
looking forward to this morning s address by french president  emmanuelmacron  watch live 
yesterday i was joined by  sgu  veterans & veterans organization leaders to celebrate the enactment of the hmong v…
and the  sgv  brings home another olympics2018 medal  a huge congratulations to pasadena alum  lauren gibbs  for he…
in downtown chicago commemorating the anniversary of the polish constitution with the raising of the polish flag …
congratulations to franky tangredi  his family and friends  and the staff at gateway regional school district as w…
as  realdonaldtrump embarks on his trip to asia  we want to remind him that he cannot attack north korea without approval from congress
thanks for stopping by  and especially to may for setting a great example that it s never too early to  fight with…
this comic is going around climatechange groups like wildfire  climatechangeisrea l we must act 
rt  alzimpact  thanks to  replipinski for cosponsoring the b o l d alzheimers act - your support and leadership for this vital piece of legisla…
i m glad to see this bill pass and elevate the issue of cybersecurity and diplomacy - it will establish new cyber…
it is time we create a national latino museum to recognize the unique contribution latino s have made to the  usa 
rt  senmarkey  the motion to proceed on my resolution to save net neutrality just passed  the final vote will be around 3 pm et  keep makin…
👉  speakerryan fired the house chaplain father conroy and we deserve to know why  if a prayer re  haves  and  have…
12 people tragically lost their lives at columbine high school 19 years ago today  we ve lost far too many children…
trump s policy to separate families at the border is one of the most inhumane decisions president trump has propose…
a troubling development  the decision to hide a damaging analysis of the proposed  tip rule  came right from the to…
learn more about jazmin s story here  2/2
rt  housebluedogs  happening now  the blue dog special task force on rural america panel discussion on rural veterans with  vfwhq  davhq  a…
rt  ncuscr  join us for the release of brand new data on u s china f d i flows & hear the outlook for 2018 amid growing  cfius  scrutiny/ firrma… 
rt  nikkifried  once again  realdonaldtrump administration showing inhumanity  we need compassion   repdarrensoto thank you for stepping u…
 we remember the damage that happened with the bp spill  we can t let that happen in nj  
cold cuts with fruit at the top  sounds a lot like trump to me  tapas tapas trump isthatmeatspoiled
saddened to hear of the fallen service members aboard the crashed  usmc kc-130 in mississippi  praying for those impacted by this tragedy 
did you know that venerable henriette delille could be the 1st american-born black citizen and louisianian to becom…
rt  thearcofmass  on the issues- he s with us - usrepkeating
rt  aramac_dc  thank you  repzoelofgren for all your support to the armenian american community and co-sponsoring h res 220  armenian genoc…
rt  cnn  this 5-year-old boy didn t want to go back to school alone on the first day after his police officer dad died in the line of duty …
rt  ncchcaonline  dyk  the supplemental nutrition assistant program   snap   improves children s test scores  new research tracked thousands…
lack of adequate funding is the biggest barrier to rebuilding our nation s crumbling infrastructure – the trump…
earlier today  aar_freightrail representatives let me test some gear to learn more about the important technology u…
stephon clark was shot 20 times by police in his own grandmother s yard  he was just 22 years old and a father of t…
kaiser s new program to study gun violence & address gaps in research is a welcome step forward  congress needs to…
rt  ricksmithshow  if you believe that people matter  you need to believe in the federal gov t & their involvement   reprokhanna
our military servicemembers  veterans  and their families sacrifice so much to protect our freedom  they are tr…
passover is a time to commemorate the liberation story of jewish people from slavery in egypt  a time to symbolica…
one week away  register now for my tele-town hall on may 22  2018  i want to talk with you …
democrats are coming together to discuss our plan to offer working families a better deal on prescription drugs  wa…
rt  adl_sd  hatred is not harmless  and if allowed once again to seep into our communities  our policies  and our laws  the consequences wi…
rt  sendonnelly  joe   govholcomb   sentoddyoung   repvisclosky  mayor copeland  & other leaders discuss east chicago lead crisis w  hudgov…
stock market plummets another 1 000 points as trump slump continues to destroy retirement accounts  nothing but cri…
immigrants shouldn t have to choose between the health of their families and their future in this country  however …
march for our lives portland
i had the honor of awarding san diego educator and community leader  evonne schulze  with the inspirational senior…
here are your 2017  congressionalac winners for  ny03   sarah pethani and jeffrey yu of roslyn high developed an app…
rt  ap  breaking  the number of women running for seats in the u s  house of representatives sets a record with 309 women filing candidacy…
glad to have the support of the  ameracadpeds & the pediatric policy council on h r  4573  the gun violence resear…
over the sunny weekend  i had the pleasure of meeting some bright young people in new jersey — the innovative deman…
rt  oversightdems  just in  top dems send new documents to chairman gowdy regarding pruitt s office security sweep - letter raises question…
in new jersey  our taxes are too high  the rates need to be lowered for families and businesses alike  i commend bo…
in congress  i m fighting to claw back federal dollars to put cops on our streets and keep our families and busines…
rt  politico    repalgreen introduced articles of impeachment against trump  read them here 
latest taxtalk blog post on how the pass-through rate is just another giveaway for the very wealthy
rt  matthewgiacobb2   repbrady  eagles for pow/mia chair dedication gone but never forgotten
 daniongie18  juliawolfenden  kenziehagedorn  marisa_searle thank you for joining me 
abandoning dueprocess would mean impeachment is a tool of political convenience – not a constitutional check of last resort  /6
not only will the g o p tax scam not  pay for itself   it s projected to balloon the deficit to more than  1 trillion…
rt  meetthepress  watch  should trump be impeached   repjerrynadler  d-n y   tells katy that trump is a danger to american democracy   mtpd… 
happy mothers day
happy to meet with  chefannfnd to highlight the importance of school nutrition real school food
i worked closely with chairman royce and subcommittee chairman  reptedyoho on an amendment to help focus the new in…
signing up to get covered is easier than you think  make sure you and your family can see a doctor  get flu shots …
dr  king was not only concerned with racial issues  he was a champion for peace and economic fairness   the issue i…
rt  fema  if you d like to help people affected by harvey  connect with trusted voluntary organizations by visiting 
keeping you informed is important to me and my staff  be sure to add your name to the list 
great meeting with  lacity about the next steps of the la river  which should include the tributaries of bell creek…
my remarks during yesterday s subcommittee hearing on my legislation to protect veterans credit
glad to be peanut proud   ga02  peanut proud festival
i joined my ca dem colleagues in writing to the president asking that federal law enforcement focus on detaining th…
as the founder of the a i caucus i m focused on making sure we start addressing the changes that ai and automation w…
a free and open internet is the foundation of free speech  net neutrality
rt  joelsberg  big thanks to congressman jamie raskin for meeting with hunger free america s national americorps*vista team members at at n…
at  fema  lending support to vi efforts and thanking them for their service
meeting with san juan mayor carmen yulin cruz  a strong leader who continues to stand up for the people of…
i m rallying with nursestakedc today in front of the capitol to demand safe staffing ratios  safe staffing saves…
tonight at 7 00 pm i ll be on  wusa9 with  brucejohnson9 discussing the legacy of dr  martin luther king jr   inclu…
rt  reproybalallard  this mothers day  we affirm the truth that no child should face the unthinkable terror of being forcibly separated fro…
rt  dlavine  texas ag ken paxton just made it harder for dallas to attract amazon hq2 txlege
i m proud to be leading efforts with my colleagues to make this site a permanent addition to the national park serv…
rt  kylegriffin1   there is no compromise  we are not seeking a republican solution or a democratic solution  we are seeking an american re…
looking forward to tonight s student town hall at 7 00 at the providence community center  there is still time to r…
it s bigly swampy in the trump administration  someone has to pay for all of those private jets and expensive hotel…
it was great meeting with members of the  aldeptofct today  thank you for your service  and for all that you do for…
thank you to everyone in  ca26  who came out to support our efforts today  we re knocking on doors to  gotv  in oxnard 
 owillis you re right  i m being too nice 
a big thanks to the san gabriel valley civic alliance for the incredible work you do on behalf of sgv residents 
it s a pleasure to be back at the ready  set  kindergarten conference w/  robyn7631  courtneyridhs  ebb_ri & many o…
rt  npwf  to  repdebdingell  paidleavemeans not having to choose between caregiving and job security   fmla25 
we need pay transparency to close the gender wagegap  we passed legislation in maryland protecting people from ret…
rt  repcummings  our children are the living messages we send to a future we will never see  the question is how will we send them into tha…
i just watched naomi wilder at march for our lives  and without ever having met her  i m so proud that she s speaking…
happy pi day from  scicmtedems  we are proud to celebrate an irrational number in honor of the rational fields of s…
 townhallproject  poeslilhelper  davidhogg111 working with dc students now on the town hall 
the president s decision to re-impose sanctions and violate the iran deal is bad for national security and bad for…
rt  winterhavensun  lead story in the polk news sun with  repdarrensoto and  senbillnelson   in november voters will decide whether to auto…
so many  mariners memories that revolve around  11edgarmartinez   here s hoping he makes the hall of fame today  🤞🏻 edgar h o f
nothing brings minnesotans together like hotdish — and it s great that  sentinasmith has carried on the tradition o…
the trump administration ignored these concerns and issued a policy that prioritizes mass deportation and mass dete…
loebsack encourages students to apply for fall internships
i couldn t be more proud to author the va medicinal cannabis research act  it s time for  deptvetaffairs to finall…
always love chatting with you   deanobeidallah  please be sure to tune in tonight 
the trump admin s proposed changes to the  public charge  rule would force parents to choose between pursuing citiz…
great to have sacramento county in washington this week for cap-to-cap  hundreds of local business leaders  elected…
history is the greatest resource of knowledge in our acknowledgement of our achievements & failings as a global com…
rt  kylegriffin1  rep  al green   tomorrow  we will bring articles of impeachment to the floor of the congress of the united states of amer…
rt  sallyqyates  for 27 years  i was privileged to work with the thousands of career doj lawyers and fbi agents who work hard every day to…
please join me tomorrow - friday - at noon on city hall steps as we rally to oppose  hudgov s plan to increase rent…
rt  nydiavelazquez  the south brooklyn marine terminal will be revitalized and will bring hundreds of well-paying jobs to sunset park  prou…
rt  mitchellreports  coming up on  amr    senbobcorker  senatorshaheen  repswalwell  frankfigliuzzi1  kwelkernbc  ruthmarcus  samstein  rona…
  thesteelyard plays an integral role in rhode island s vibrant arts community  fostering creativity and artistic t…
cesar chavez gave a voice to immigrant farm workers in california by inspiring a movement that demanded better work…
 fallontonight come on out for some ice fishing 🐟🐟🐟 and a shore lunch  it doesn t get better than that  minnesota things
two federal courts have ruled the trump administration s action to end daca was illegal and today  the supreme cour…
we need missile defense capability now  glad my amendment was included in  ndaa17  aegisashore  pmrf  north korea
g o p tax scam = you pay more so that the rich and corporations can pay less 
rt  environmentco  thank you  repjaredpolis for sponsoring h r  3314  which sets a goal of 100% renewable energy  & for joining voices for1…
to the thousands of students in new mexico and across the country who are walking out today to protest inaction on…
rt  nancypelosi  president trump s decision to abandon the joint comprehensive plan of action will ultimately isolate america  not iran  t…
hoʻomaikaʻi to my friend gen lori robinson who served in hawaii & was the 1st female to lead a unified combatant c…
  housegop says their bill helps the middle class  but instead it takes away deductions middle class families claim…
i posted a new photo to facebook
i am calling on the  fcc to delay the vote to repeal net neutrality 
if  realdonaldtrump is serious about investing  1 5 trillion into  usa  infrastructure  creating countless good pay…
too many families struggle to pay for college  now   realdonaldtrump &  betsydevosed want to slash  4 billion in an…
rt  housedemocrats  on  realdonaldtrump s deadline for  daca   members of the  hispaniccaucus stood in solidarity with d r e a mers to demand a…
rt  oarichardengel    jahimes of the  houseintelcomm   this president likes strongmen  he sees himself as a strongman…he bridles at the con…
today  the men and women of coast guard station grays harbor were presented with a unit citation  and petty officer…
congratulations ashley on this distinguished honor  i join your many fans and satisfied customers in raleigh who kn…
the re-opening of the turquoise museum is a celebration of the vision and determination of local entrepreneurs who…
great meeting this morning with  newreachct to discuss what more we can do to provide quality and affordable suppor…
a pleasure to attend  nyccomptroller s lunar new year celebration last night 
rt  housebluedogs  for the sake of our nation  it is time for congress to walk the walk  not just talk the talk  when it comes to our duty…
congratulations to the newest member of the us house of representatives  congressman conor lamb  representing penns…
but we are all better for participating in the process democrats elections mapoli
rt  edatpost  photo  in a visible escalation in their attempts to address the end of daca  members of the congressional hispanic caucus gat…
the house just adopted my amendment to the  faa  reauthorization requiring a review of current regulations and encou…
rt  petra_catalyst  new cmu advanced manufacturing center in pittsburgh to put america on top via  triblive
heartbroken & shocked to hear about the passing of my dear friend louise slaughter  she was a trailblazer who dedic…
my heart is broken again — this time for the victims of the parkland school shooting  and the families whose childr…
rt  nationofmakers  save the date   nationofmakers with  us_imls and the congressional  makercaucus are proud to announce the 2018 capitol…
six months ago today  potus revoked the  daca  program  throwing the lives of 10 000 hoosier dreamers & thousands o…
today the planetary caucus officially launched  i met  robertpicardo & i wasn t sure whether to call him doctor or…
tomorrow  my office is hosting u s  service academy information night at 6 30 p m  at mounds view high school  lear…
rt  capitol_weekly  ted lieu  tackling trump on twitter  capitol weekly s lisa renner looks at democratic congressman  tedlieu  who has ag…
today my  seec colleagues and i called for a water resources development act that builds sustainable water infrastr…
continue to be inspired by our young march for our lives leaders in pinellas – a force for positive change in our com…
my condolence to  larryhogan and his family for the loss of his father  my family and i will keep you and yours in…
you never know who you ll meet in  uscapitol  great seeing  redsox legend  davidortiz as he continues to lend his v…
rt  nbclatino   erasing these resources from sba s website shortchanges gay  lesbian and transgender americans who happen to be among our n…
video  loebsack continues fight for cedar rapids flood protection
i am grateful to my colleagues who have called for due process before weighing judgment  i would urge them to conti…
as senators grill  epascottpruitt this morning  a friendly reminder of the many abuses & scandals that define his t…
exciting news  eleni neyland of boxborough  a former intern in my office  will be delivering the student commencem…
rt  fpaction  one of our group s after meeting with  repcheri  they are telling congress nohousefarmbill and to protect s n a p
rt  chelseaclinton  happy mothers day to all moms  today & every day  i am so grateful & happy to be charlotte & aidan s mom & my mom  hill…
my staff hard at work at the recent  aspca paws for luck adoption event prepping for one of our next legislative pro…
always a pleasure to engage with bright minds at  georgetown as we discuss labor and the social saftey net this eve…
threatening to detain  prosecute or deport these individuals before they can apply for asylum runs counter to the a…
recent reporting from  wsj makes it harder & harder for  realdonaldtrump to deny wrongdoing  that s why i asked the…
rt  mrcdtee2  mo co parks did a great job remodeling wheaton claridge park and lots of wheaton hills residents were there to celebrate  than…
impeding an investigation because the president doesn t like that he s being investigated is the very definition of obstruction 
rt  kctv5    repcleaver responds to release of syed jamal latest 
this move will also hurt the politically moderate movement in iran  and empower the hardliners who are against work…
rt  demsespanol  esta medianoche inicia el segundo año de la presidencia de  realdonaldtrump - y nuestro gobierno acaba de cerrar  esta es…
i m joining  foxandfriends in about 20 minutes to discuss north korea and the iran deal  it should be an interestin…
it was great to meet with representatives of the human rights campaign   hrc thanks for all the hard work you do on…
we will want mr  corallo to come before our committee  given don jr  s refusal to testify about his conversation wi…
the 2010 bp oil spill cost the gulf coast 22 000 jobs  w/ a projected  8 7 billion in economic losses over 10 years…
national library week  a b q s lomas tramway library will be hosting  leap into  stem   for preschoolers today at 10 …
wonderful news  the every kid outdoors act  our bipartisan bill giving fourth graders and their families free acces…
i just voted  yes  on the  1 3 trillion omnibus  while the bill is not perfect  it does invest in critical priorit…
scott pruitt s serious ethical lapses continue to pile up  monday  the  usgao concluded epa broke the law in constr…
the headline says it all  g o p tax bill
it s national nurses week  the hv is home to thousands of current & retired nurses  including clarissa maldonado – w…
cbo   gop  voted to gut medicaid  strip guarantees for basic services & pre-existing conditions  & trumpcare still leaves 23m uninsured 
rt  latinomuseum  jimmy smits   esai_morales  lorettasanchez honoring 20 years of the national hispanic foundationforthe arts
rt  nancypelosi  there really is a tweet for everything  note  trump budget cuts health care funding  including medicaid 
ohioans can move forward to end extreme partisan gerrymandering with issue 1  fairer maps are within reach  but we…
one week until tax day  it s not too late to use irs free file to help save money and time on your taxes  learn mor…
americans across the country  including california  need more funds for disaster relief  another bipartisan priorit…
students from across our state are standing up  making their voices heard  and calling for real change that will ma…
dozens of schoolgirls kidnapped by boko haram militants on wednesday are still missing  bring back our girls
just received this from one of my younger constituents  the children of the second congressional district are defin…
please join me  rep jared huffman  and rep jackie speier on tuesday  march 27 for a public meeting on the impact of…
since taking office   epascottpruitt has put the health of california at risk every day with his toxic agenda  enou…
rt  oversightdems     repcummings   the american people are tired of waiting  and they are tired of being played  now is the time for real…
let s be clear - 8 years of tremendous leadership from president obama  and 14 million private sector jobs created …
rt  utahdinebikeyah  tribal and elected leaders from hopi  navajo  ute mountain ute  and zuni will tour bears ears with  reprubengallego  …
read my statement following notice of  repgoodlatte s proposed subpoena of  thejusticedept for comey memos 
new mexico is ranked 49th in child well-being  that is unacceptable   unmhsc is working to change that through comp…
congratulations to the  seattlesymphony on their well deserved g r a m m ys win last night  you made seattle proud 
fair wages & union rights are the bedrock of the middle class  povertydoesntfly fightfor15
rt  jimmphillipsdc    repannaeshoo  frankpallone  normajtorres file  ng911  legislation in house
when my brother on the west coast developed substance use disorder i saw how difficult it is to access treatment se…
rt  ruralradio80  today on  agritalkproduce at 2pmet   collinpeterson will join mike adams and discuss the farm bill  tune in
glad to welcome  kuprovostneeli   uofl s first female president  to louisville  you re now at the helm of one of th…
161 yrs ago today chief justice taney issued one of the most damning  scotus  decisions in us history dred scott  we…
another nightclub shooting  this time of teenagers  reminds us again of the horrors of gun violence  my thoughts are w/ ft myers not one more
i met with newly appointed  unm president garnett stokes  we touched on quite a few things  including campus safety…
vote  vote  vote  vote  mindful of the many challenges ahead 
chairman nunes is creating a false narrative in attempt to discredit the russia investigation  we can t let that ha…
rt  repbeatty  today is a powerful reminder that when women succeed  the world succeeds  international womens day
another day  another polluting pruitt scandal  under trump  the so-called  swamp  has turned into a slough of despo…
it was great to meet with you all today  consumers rising
we all have a responsibility to preserve our beautiful planet for future generations  and each action we take to fi…
honored to attend the west point stem ethics in leadership seminar hosted by  mitercorp  congratulations to all of…
here s a good summary of how  realdonaldtrump has been working hard to undermine the  aca  since inauguration day …
what do small biz owners think of the g o p tax scam  a deli-owner in tacoma  washington says that  the republican tax…
rt  housedemocrats  republicans have prevented the cdc from collecting data on gun violence since 1996  if you re concerned about data   sp…
the culture of corruption in the trump admin must stop  today  reptedlieu will be on the house floor at 10am pt/1 p…
on equal pay day  we join with millions of american women to demand equal pay for an equal day s work 
incredible work by  nfugrr commission chair bill bradberry who described the heritage center s role in telling the…
thanks to our local veterans  advocates for joining in today s discussion on how to better serve our nation s heroe…
fact  the g o p tax bill and trump budget will increase the national debt by  1 trillion 
really productive conversation with members of the  ephcc about el paso s economy – covered everything from support…
at the urging of the chemical industry   epa has scrapped its own recommended ban on chlorpyrifos  a pesticide sho…
the trump budget is another in a long line of  realdonaldtrump administration efforts to stack the deck in favor of…
the east bay s beauty serves as a constant reminder that we should be responsible stewards of our environment  in c…
this report has deeply troubling implications for our country s reputation as a leader in science and innovation …
this white house and administration is an embarrassment at home and an international laughing stock with neophytes…
rt  rosadelauro  if congressional republicans really cared about children s health  they would fund our nation s community health centers a…
what we don t need as a nation is to start banning patriotic citizens from volunteering to serve in the military -…
over half of small business owners said the g o p tax scam will not give them an equal playing field  we have to do mo…
rt  mayitaalcaldesa  nice meeting new york congressman  repeliotengel after our meeting with the democratic caucus on capitol hill today …
plot thickens as  nytimes is now reporting that  realdonaldtrump is said to have know of stormy daniels payment mon…
tonight  i joined  anca_dc and  aramac_dc along with armenian leaders from across the country to commemorate the 10…
honored to follow in the footsteps of dalip singh saund by representing the inland empire  his service is an inspir…
making the transition from combat to the classroom brings with it a unique set of challenges  we re partnering with…
rt  zerotothree  thank you  repjimmcdermott for rallying for babies  rally4 babies investin us
proud to join  usdol in celebrating apprenticeship week  apprenticeships provide our workers with invaluable skills…
rt  protectrdfnders   the army acknowledged the findings about guzowski s conduct but noted that investigators found no criminal action   n…
  kxan_news came to my day of action to  gotv   i was joined by  castro4congress   juliancastro   mayoradler …
this nurses week  we re working to reauthorize the nursing workforce act  which helps arizona nurses deliver qualit…
it was an honor to spend the morning with members of  machinistsunion from all industries who not only built my hom…
today  houseappropsgop harmfully cut  1 3 billion from pell grant  over 9 million students depend on pell to attend college  protect pell
americans want action to end gun violence  in fact  97% of gun owners want to see congress require background checks…
honored to help welcome jason mcalister  from  smudupdate  to washington to lead a discussion on jobs  education  a…
many thanks to the us coast guard  hawaii national guard  and all first responders who have been working around the…
had a great time kicking off easter weekend w/  il05  families at the neighborhood boys and girls club egg hunt 
the youth will lead us  never again
diablo s closure marks a step toward a clean energy future   a carbon-free  nuclear-free california is within reach 
my rural wireless access act passed the house today as part of a larger package of bills  my bill ensures data maps…
young black men are 21x likely to get shot dead by police than young white men s t o pthe k i l l i n g…
it shouldn t take another 17 deaths for congress to finally take action to prevent gun violence  we are calling on…
everyone deserves to go to work and school without fear of violence  there are common sense reforms congress can pa…
rt  waysmeanscmte   sotu  fact check  the stock market has been growing since 2009 
proud to honor historical women heroes like frances willard--we must  do everything  
we have an obligation to care for those who have risked their lives and made painful sacrifices for our families an…
following monday night s storms  a state of emergency for baker  calhoun  mitchell  and dougherty counties
happy birthday to justice ruth bader ginsburg    aka the notorious rbg   fight for the things that you care about…
rt  houseforeign  10amet  cmte considers  reptedlieu s hack your state department act
rt  thegrio    repmaxinewaters had time to defend  oprah against a very insecure trump 
this is tragic news and i offer my heartfelt condolences to this young victim s family  i encourage anyone with inf…
congress on your corner provides office hours in a neighborhood near you  take a look at our april schedule 
listening to folks on the front lines of the opioid crisis in franklin county was inspiring  it s an uphill battle …
on thursday  i ll be joining  dailyshow  trevornoah  tune in at 10pmct/11pmet 
my heart goes out to linda brown s family and friends  at age 9  she became the central figure in the historic brow…
tallahassee s southside farmers market will be a great resource for residents in the area  today s grand opening w…
i m proud that my veterans deserve better act earned  ascassociation s endorsement  after all they sacrificed  many…
as of today  11 912  daca  recipients have lost their status after trump ended the program on sept 5th  dreamers ca…
rt  mahealani  missile alert hearing  hawaii s emergency alert system report to the fcc was 10 years old and the fcc considered it a  benig…
today dems unveil a better deal for public housing  a  70 billion investment to empower residents  create economic o…
 i have never heard of anything more ridiculous than giving guns to teachers  where do they think they will keep th…
today s announcement is just google s latest investment in pgh  it s already coaching teachers in 3 pps schools 
rt  cws_global  thank you  repjayapal  repgracemeng for joining our call today and speaking about your powerful commitment to immigrant mom…
congresswoman sheila jackson lee calls for federal probe of houston police shooting via  houstonchron
april 21st marks the beginning of national park week  to celebrate  national parks will be free this saturday  take…
rt  repannaeshoo   repjohnlarson come learn more about our legislation to strengthen social security and how you can enhance the benefits y…
the house intelligence committee just released glenn simpson s testimony as part of our russia investigation  simps…
rt  housedemocrats  the trump administration has spent the past year sabotaging the a c a—now americans could see their health insurance pre…
to everyone observing  have a blessed and happy ramadan 
today in ossining  i announced a major increase in federal   for child care & early learning services  high child…
the decision of jetblue flight attendants to unionize is tide that will help lift all boats  unions not only protec…
my office is always looking for opportunities to provide information to constituents  if you would like us to have…
  potus refuses to take action to protect us and our children from harmful substances  instead  he actively works t…
rt  ltgovhochulny  removing guns from abusers is a dramatic step forward eliminating the vulnerability of women and their children  while…
it s  nfib day at the capitol  mahalo director pavlicek  great seeing sen  pres   ronkouchi and rep  kawamami too 
rt  theview   it was just chapstick    repjoekennedy addresses his viral moment during his  sotu  rebuttal  gives  joyvbehar a tube of lip b…
rt  ppglobe   repespaillat whether abortion criminalization in lac or the globalgagrule  the impact is the same  women suffer and women di…
 saturday night live  fans stunned by robert de niro and ben stiller surprise cameos via  comicbook
rt  kirsteindo  thanks to  repmarciafudge for saying hi to our  ouhcom and  1lecom students who are from the district  d o day18  aoafordos…
over the weekend  i got a chance to write holiday cards for our troops deployed overseas with these little elves  t…
it s election day  find your polling location here  nhpolitics
food assistance like  snap  funds are crucial to working families and kids  i oppose taking this funding away under…
thank you to every  tx29  vietnam war veteran for your service  we need to honor vets by ensuring they have access t…
yesterday  houseof representatives passed  halos  act  accesstocapital startup smallbusiness team rep takai
headed to the house floor to speak out against the g o p tax scam  a deficit-exploding tax cut for the rich that will…
please watch the video from the hearing where i ask secretary of defense james mattis and chairman of the joint chi…
i am very saddened by the president s sudden shift in position on helping d r e a mers  dreamers aren t hostages 
thank you to local and national law enforcement officers who collaborated to protect the people of austin  howeve…
to follow the president s thinking on imposing russian sanctions  9 out of 10 doctors recommend using this …
d r e a mers  if your  daca  expires before 03/05/18  you must submit your renewal app  by thursday  here are the forms…
rt  aiaspeaks  great panel on stem workforce development  thanks  senatortimscott  repmikehonda  boeing stacey dion n a dworkforce
reminder  your last chance to enroll for 2018 coverage is december 15  get covered at befor…
i am deeply disappointed by today s gm lordstown announcement  while low gas prices encourages the decline of compa…
a new front has been opened in the right-wing effort to suppress the minority vote  the united states census  my op…
the trump administration s decision to move the u s  embassy to jerusalem unilaterally undermines prospects for a…
couldn t agree more with  speechboy71 here  vp pence is an embarrassment to america who needs to re-read the consti…
scott pruitt needs to go 
rt  ronbrownstein  if there s anything  realdonaldtrump has learned by now  it is that whatever boundary of behavior he or his aides shatte…
with my good friend & america s best story teller   kenburns   librarycongress  thanked him for his support of my v…
it s not that complicated  your pay shouldn t be based on your genitalia  that s why i m proud that my first congr…
this report is troubling  businesses taking millions from workers → proof this is a harmful  misguided rule  glad…
rt  mayor_steinberg  great meeting with  repswalwell discussing youth and workforce  excited to work with you on future forum  capto cap18…
in my ongoing efforts to improve infrastructure in the san joaquin valley  i joined my colleagues in the…
spent the afternoon with  raleighcharter students & heard their concerns about our broken immigration system and ho…
i hope everyone has a wonderful  safe  and happy easter today 
rt  usatoday  we read every one of the 3 517 facebook ads purchased by russians  their dominant strategy  sowing racial discord
dr  anthony fauci of  nih said   if we don t get the money that the president has asked for  the  1 9 billion    1 of 2   zika
to lift americans out of poverty we need to expand & strengthen proven programs  instead of condensing & cutting them 
dreamers  you can still apply to renew your daca status  if you meet the requirements to apply for  daca  renewal  y…
i joined our 2018  congressionalac winner  padraig  at a reception in dc showcasing the winning apps from students…
rt  namigeorgia    repdavidscott health fair | august 19  2017 |  namidekalb - henry county support group into mental health
 reprokhanna thanks 
great visit to st  mary s school in lee today during catholic schools week  thanks to the students in grades 4-8 fo…
he went to jail for us  goodtrouble
as we commemorate the 103rd anniversary of the armenian genocide  i strongly encourage  realdonaldtrump to designat…
ag sessions is rolling back the obama-era guidance that has allowed california and other states to regulate cannabi…
rt  cnnpolitics  congresswoman sheila jackson lee kneels on the house floor to protest president trump s criticism of the nfl
liftoff for  nasainsight  their mission  to look at mars  inner core for clues to its past  measure seismic activit…
  potus s decision to withdraw from the iran deal will likely push iran to restart its nuclear weapons program  inc…
gop plan for america  2017-2018  1  knock 3 million americans off healthcare 2  give away  1 500 000 000 000 to the…
  usgao s findings prove that private school voucher programs are failing to meet the needs of some of our most vul…
our staffs are required to get annual cybersecurity training  & members should be held to the exact same standard 
tinder fire update  the  coconinosheriff is expected to allow residents evacuated by the tinder fire to return to t…
read more here in  glamourmag 
today marks one year since donald trump and  housegop tried and failed to ram through enormously destructive…
why won t  speakerryan let congress debate and vote  no republican action
last year i visited hector & other deported veterans in mexico  proud that i could write a letter supporting his na…
louise slaughter was a credit to the congress  she loved her job and the institution  whether it was important matt…
  epascottpruitt s sweetheart deal from a lobbyist on a capitol hill apartment is just plain corrupt  americans des…
almost thirty minutes into this speech and not one policy proposal  are we engaged in governing here   sotu 
rt  foe_us   pruitt s mounting scandals & credible investigations from the highest levels cannot go unscrutinized   —  reppaultonko 👏 fir…
proud of smyrna hs students  i agree with george class-peters  jr   senior class president and member of my youth a…
rt  repmaxinewaters  house democrats led by  repmaxinewaters hold a protect mueller press conference
rt  repallawsonjr  nearly 41 million americans struggle to put food on the table each day  including five million seniors  because of thei…
a workable solution to the ills that plague a lot of communities will only yield if we work together  the families…
his warnings about the future of the iran deal were alarming  abandoning this agreement would be horrifically desta…
rt  repgwenmoore  when i was a  mke  public school student  i went without breakfast every day because my mom couldn t afford to buy enough…
rt  belletimsit  for 10 years  students in a texas school have used a textbook that says not all slaves were unhappy   joaquincastrotx was…
rt  toyotapolicy  michael mcfield a safety specialist from our plant in mississippi had a great meeting with his old friend  benniegthompso…
the leaders of all parties to the iran deal  including many members of trump s own administration  maintain that iran is in compliance 
it was an honor to meet the extraordinary recipients of the  goldmanprize who truly demonstrate that one person can…
drilling along our coasts puts san diego s beautiful beaches  coastal communities  and businesses at risk  it also…
rt  repschneider  the partisan gop tax plan was a huge missed opportunity to modernize our tax code and set us on a sustainable fiscal path…
we need a healthcare system that puts people first  ahead of the profits of insurance and pharmaceutical companies
it s already illegal for violent felons and domestic abusers to purchase deadly bullets  but without a background c…
rt  demsespanol  el día de hoy los republicanos votarán a favor de un fraudulento plan fiscal que aumentará los impuestos de decenas de mil…
i will continue to fight any  realdonaldtrump -  vp attack on affordable birth control and family planning  a domes…
rt  bpshow    repcheri joins bill in studio now  talking about me too illinois primary   more  watch 
 cbctech2020  first stop today was with  dan_schulman and  paypal to talk smart investments in black tech and small…
the king amendment is an attack on basic animal protections and undermines food safety  i joined my colleagues in s…
welcome to the neighborhood   latimes  looking forward to seeing you in  ca33  
rt  racheleclement    repjohndelaney opens  icrw s  iwd2018  metoo event by discussing the importance of genderparity in the workplace and…
i appreciate the support of the 3 300 dedicated public employees who make up the massachusetts organization of stat…
  speakerryan won t even let us try to compromise—and so he keeps blocking the formation of a select committee to w…
after 16  years of war  the last thing we need is another blank check like corker kaine  i sent a bipartisan letter…
icymi  on this national consumer protection week  i m leading a coalition of 20 ags in submitting a letter to the…
but those who did see an increase  really saw an increase  that s the problem  people are working harder  but only…
rt  fionama   juliabrownley is doing a great job in congress and we need to re elect her this november 
i m looking forward to fighting alongside congressman-elect  conorlambpa to protect access to healthcare  boost mid…
rt  davisusan  there is an extraordinary thing happening to the nation s legal immigrant communities under the trump administration  50 000…
the  nato  treaty was signed today in 1949  ushering in the current era of peace & prosperity in europe & the u s  l…
a mind to work   we need to facilitate new partnerships between private and public research efforts   int l collabo…
rt  iasb_iowa  thanks for meeting with iasb board/public school advocates  daveloebsack  nsbaai18   nsbacomm advocacy
great to meet with colorado members of  nachc to discuss the critical importance of protecting c h cs   340b  and…
as a mom  i know how a parent can worry when their kid gets sick  vaccines are an essential part of keeping our chi…
san antonio s 32 000 active military will continue to guard military bases  operate air force basic training  defen…
rt  eff  warrantless searches of american communications need to end  say  repzoelofgren and  judgetedpoe 
read my statement on the doj inspector general report on former fbi deputy director andrew mccabe …
rt  cnnsitroom  if president trump plead the fifth  it would cause  the overwhelming majority of americans to wonder  what is hiding    rep…
social security  if managed effectively  can serve every generation that has paid into it  we must pledge to do all…
no one is above the law  including  realdonaldtrump
in other words  a policy that allows for the separation of families  now it will be the law for any child traveling…
people are being killed  president trump should focus his ire on putin  and apply more economic pressure to this op…
in my speech this morning  i called out house gop who need to do more than sign their name to demand a vote on…
i had a productive meeting today with  adl_national  hate and discrimination have no place in our communities 
rt  fredhutch  welcome to fred hutch   repjayapal  and thank you for your unwavering support for cancer research and the diversity and inno…
if we want to govern  dems need a modern  hopeful economic vision - a new social contract for the digital age  i ve…
thanks to generous grassroots support  our campaign provided 300 high schoolers and supporters with train tickets s…
we were live to talk about the tax bill  watch here 
happening now  important oversight hearing on railroad safety & implementing positive train control  ptc  technolog…
there are 7 800 hondurans in fl who are tps holders  many of them have lived in the united states for an average of…
since trump ended  daca  in september of last year  dreamers are losing their protections and families are being tor…
rt  hfacdemocrats  rm  repeliotengel  trump s globalgagrule is causing clinics worldwide to close  blocking access to hiv tests & denying…
just under 30 minutes until i speak live with reporters from the capitol  tune in as we discuss the  housegop s *mo…
my friend  hurdonthehill is right  dreamers deserve to know whether they ll be able to continue the lives they ve…
on teacher appreciation day  i ve co-sponsored  repohalleran s resolution  h r  876  to increase teacher pay and ful…
throwback thursday  one of my favorite memories is when i participated in the florida police olympics opd track tea…
  epascottpruitt s attempts to waste taxpayer dollars and bend rules are so far reaching that epa employees who voi…
congratulations to  vetsintech for launching their phoenix chapter with  teksystems  we re working together to conn…
my resolution this year is simple  pass the dream act and provide relief to the 800 000 young people who have been…
rt  housedemocrats  merry christmas to all those celebrating  have a happy and peaceful day 
public schools have a purpose and a role to play not just for individual students  but for communities across the n…
today   housedemocrats and i voted to consider an ambitious plan to address the high cost of prescription drugs  bu…
in honor of may day  i commend all of the workers who have organized and stood up to make sure their voices are hea…
about to discuss parkland shooting w/  wbalradio  c4show tune in 
kids & seniors going hungry w/o snap  climate change rollbacks  holding public office comes with responsibilities   2/3 
every day there is a new scandal about  epascottpruitt and his utter disregard for the law  ethics and taxpayer dol…
let s make this the last equal pay day
the memory of those who perished in the holocaust will not be forgotten  may they forever be for a blessing  read…
glad to have my amendment to halt closing p-jitc included in  ndaa17  milhealth  deptofdefense
i m old enough to remember when president trump promised that mexico would pay for the wall 
it is unacceptable that 1 in 6 people in ventura county struggle with food insecurity  today  i had the opportunity…
it still amazes me we have a president of the united states who won t stand up for us against russia  never in a mi…
continúo positivo en cuanto al desenlace de los trabajos del task force 
this is extremely disappointing 🤦🏽‍♂️
agreed--transforming these abandoned spaces into economic assets is truly one of the best investments we can make 
deeply moved by the words of  repjohnlewis  commemorating the life and legacy of dr  king  he taught us  to be brav…
on  iwd2018  & throughout womens history month  we celebrate the extraordinary achievements women have made worldwide…
following yesterday s fatal southwest airlines in-air explosion and 60 minutes  exposure of allegiant air s many sa…
rt  ridesacrt  we are pleased to announce the launch of the new check out our updated website design and features …
always great to worship at african episcopal church of st  thomas st  thomas celebrates women s day with bishop vas…
today i met with department of state  bureau of western hemisphere affairs deputy assistant secretary  john s  crea…
i just published  new episode  protecting dreamers w  rep  luis gutierrez & joana simonini of canal alliance 
wishing you a happy holiday season from my family to yours 
after receiving dozens of letters from franklin elementary students on how to make schools safer from gun violence …
otd in 1968  law enforcement officers opened fire on students on the front lawn of  scstate1896  my alma mater  3 w…
rt  repyvetteclarke     repgregorymeeks  repjoseserrano and i  along with our co-signers  repjoecrowley  repespaillat are unified around ma…
the 1st time i ever got arrested was when i joined striking hotel workers in la  unions fight for all workers  mem…
when all the votes are counted i believe lamb will end up winning by about 400 to 500 votes  the fact we are winnin…
always great to see cj back at the podium  and to support an important cause to combat substance abuse disorder 
mrs  bush served our country with dignity and grace  liz and i send our thoughts and prayers to both presidents bus…
in order to never forget  we must first ensure that everyone knows the horrific history of the holocaust  there are…
on top of shirking his responsibilities to our planet and public health  polluting pruitt has wasted millions in ta…
rt  textcos   capuano literally stood out on the street holding a sign that asked people their opinions  m asen
town hall
a2  pruitt has consistently advocated on behalf of corporate polluters and not the american people  pruitt s action…
as they make their way across the nation on their motorcycles for this just cause  i am committed to fighting for t…
i voted for the 2018 budget because it provides an  80 billion increase for the va  including for medical services …
a great meeting in the district this week with  healthinfocus and  namigeorgia as we discussed effective healthcare…
it s hard to escape the disquieting conclusion that the mass exodus of the  adults  from this administration is put…
rt  phlpublichealth   repbrady says that finally our coming to an agreement on this site is a testament to how  phillymayor has gotten thin…
my op-ed with ca secretary of state alex padilla  including a citizenship question on the 2020 census is not just…
this faq by  nilc_org &  unitedwedream can help you determine whether you qualify to apply →
in the richest country on earth  we should not have millions who struggle to keep a roof over their head  our homes our voices cuts hurt
rt  emma4change  we are here for you  students of great mills 💗 together we can stop this from ever happening again
at a time when 20 veterans a day are taking their own lives  va secretary shulkin has been deeply committed to ensu…
 housegop fact check on 2018 farm bill  evidence clearly shows job training funding provided by  housegop just isn t…
i wish the adults in congress had an ounce of the courage these students have  students demand action never again
rt  repmarkpocan  president trump s infrastructure plan is just another example of the gop looking out for the wealthy & corporations inste…
equal pay day recognizes that women must work 3 extra months just to earn the same pay as men  closing the…
it was such a joy to have law enforcement officers and family members of fallen officers from florida s 10th distri…
reminder  pay gap is wider for women of color—we need to move forward on equalpay for all women …
for the first time in the senate s 229 year history  a senator brought her baby on the floor to vote  very proud of…
my sincerest condolences to the former presidents and the rest of the bush family on the loss of barbara bush  a wo…
as part of the spending package  we secured ohio as a priority state for federal funds that would fight the opioid…
today  i proudly introduced bipartisan legislation with  repmarktakano &  cathymcmorris to make sure our service me…
the g o p tax scam is defined by creating a windfall for a small number of wealthy people & companies – while ultimate…
house gop bill won t protect outpatient  inpatient or preventative care  trump warns us about fake news while giving us fake healthcare 
today  i had the pleasure of meeting david godin  his father  roy godin was a wwii veteran and represented the best…
we have sung on the house floor to call for legislation to prevent gun violence 
senate trumpcare guts essential health benefits and protections for pre-existing conditions  no more coverage for cancer survivors 
tomorrow  i ll ask mark zuckerberg about cambridge analytica & the misuse of consumers  information  i joined…
today  i m meeting with municipal leaders from across cd5 to discuss how the opioidcrisis is impacting local commu…
today is international holocaust remembrance day  we remember  we will never forget
rt  templedems  thank you to u s representative  repbrendanboyle for talking to us about his re-election for the 13th congressional distric…
my statement on westlands water district s vote against participation in the waterfix tunnels proposal 
 2/2  resource challenges and a changing market obviously make it tough for usps to keep up  but older americans w…
a tax day reminder to eastern ct students that today is the final day to report student loan interest payments on y…
rt  fcnljustice  thank you  reproybalallard and  repjayapal for advocating against the new directive which will keep more pregnant women in…
rt  euonymous  boston  get out and vote in today s senate primary  if you haven t already done so  that is  -   capuano4senate m asen
told my constituents in lefrak today that i ve always supported their right to vote in their community and will be…
trump budget slashes the department of transportation s discretionary spending by 19 2%  from  19 3 billion to  15 …
glad  scotus  is hearing the case  we must make sure it is wisconsinites picking their representatives and not the o…
inspired by those marching  organizing and preparing for a better 2018  in nashville  dc and beyond  the…
proud to be the next president of the  txstatesociety  thank you to the outgoing president  ryan thompson  for all…
i endorse this
the gop house farmbill guts nearly  20b dollars from  snap-  a program that s been shown to reduce health problems…
hey  byron31jump  you re welcome to come back and give folks from ct-5 tours of the capitol any day 
we must protect mueller at all costs  americans deserve the truth 
today  calling on all business and restaurant owners in the rio grande valley  join us for dhs image and i-9 worksh…
 housegop keeps going the wrongway by weakening wall st reform and regulators like  fsoc  &  cfpb   wrong choice act
winter storm quinn s arrival so soon after riley only exacerbates earlier damage  after consultation with rockland…
it was great to visit and meet with the staff at the path academy in willimantic today  the academy helps prepare u…
thanks to everyone who braved the cold weather this morning and joined me at my trempealeau county listening sessio…
deeply saddened by the passing of louise slaughter—an authentic voice for progressive politics  not just in new yor…
thank you to  cccportland for hosting us and for your important work to help people recover from addiction 
to be clear  syrian pres bashar al-assad is a monster who has committed war crimes against his own people  but tha…
emergency migration and refugee assistance is cruelly eliminated in the trump budget  along with a 17% cut to remai…
 ma  students have experienced firsthand the  usgao report proving black students  boys & students w/ disabilities a…
children s health and community health centers funding go hand in hand  where will these children go for care if ch…
rt  housesbcdems  looking for an opportunity to grow your business  check out these over 33 700 active opportunities for contracts 
  replobiondo and i just introduced legislation requiring hhs to conduct a study to help answer this question …
rt  bkalegal  brooklyn a had a blast on friday at the opening of cypress hills senior housing - the first supportive housing for elderly in…
discrimination  bullying  and harassment do not belong anywhere - let alone schools  the student non-discrimination…
  epascottpruitt s despicable record of wasting taxpayer    violating ethical boundaries  and ignoring realities of…
wishing sikh americans in michigan and across the country a happy vaisakhi 
team castro attended a drone demonstration by  cpsenergy to learn more about their efforts to find innovative techn…
gutiérrez votará en contra del ómnibus presupuestario | el nuevo día puerto rico chicago twill
rt  senmarkey  black lives matter  womens march  me too  never again  citizens of all walks of life are carrying the torch of american activ…
potus revealing classified information to a hostile foreign nation betrays his fundamental obligation as commander in chief   1/2 
let s put people over politics & work to lower health care premiums  i called for a hearing on market stabilization 
after serving our country  veterans deserve our support to restart their lives back at home  the sba s network of v…
thank you  madison  it s always great to hear from my constituents face-to-face about the issues affecting their co…
always great to join the  glcommission breakfast  the great lakes are our most precious natural resource  and prote…
rt  tomcollina    repadamsmith   repgaramendi give great speeches for nuclear sanity   lets not spend ourselves into a death spiral  
the iran deal is the best option we have to prevent iran from securing nuclear weapons  without it the world is more dangerous 
here s my official earth day statement ➡️
i joined  wolfblitzer on  cnn to discuss trump s move to pardon scooter libby&the signal that sends to trump confi…
rt  repmattgaetz  watch now  my press conference with  reptomgarrett &  reploucorrea featuring first-hand stories from children  parents  v…
i posted a new photo to facebook
do you want to know how the g o p tax plan will affect you and your family  join me at 1pm cst/2pm est to…
rt  gretchencarlson  totally  thx for your hard work on this  repcheri for women on this very important internationalwomensday endarbitra…
proud of ny for working to show all girls that their future is limitless on take your childto work day  women are curr…
mr  president  i see you ve had a busy morning of  executive time   instead of tweeting false smears  the american…
a constructive and respectful dialogue tonight  many good ideas about how we can make our community safer …
facebook was asleep at the switch while the privacy of 87 million users was grossly compromised during the 2016 ele…
enjoyed time meeting w/ major general randy taylor and his husband  lucas  this morning  usagapg we discussed futur…
rt  steve_taylor_dc   repdannydavis on the us house of representatives floor right now talking about a  unitedway priority right now 
a timeline   daca  offers trump has rejected - cnnpolitics twill here to stay
 keithmccallin  morethanmysle i am  i m a proud long time cosponsor of medicare for all 
as we proceed in black history month  i encourage everyone to explore the informative resources through  nehgov 
rt  sheetmetalwoman  thank you to the office of  usrepricknolan for taking the time to discuss workforce & skills  this is an important…
rt  recode    repsarbanes asks mark zuckerberg if trump s campaign received special treatment on facebook ads during the 2016 election   z… 
this just in  moody s says the u s  aaa credit rating is under  downward pressure  thanks to the massive national d…
equal pay is not just good for women — it s good for families  businesses & our economy  more families than ever re…
great time meeting with students at credo high school and discussing what is being done to help prevent gun violenc…
dr  king dedicated his life to empowering all to fight for justice and equality  on the 50th anniversary of his dea…
proud to take to the house floor to defend the tens of millions of middle-class & low-income families that will bea…
rt  suziiqq  thank you  repcardenas and   hispaniccaucus my goddaughter s grandma is in puerto rico now checking on her mom  this is not h…
rt  housedemocrats    repraskin  md-08  hosted a vietnam war commemoration pinning ceremony for veterans in frederick  dems at work milita…
rt  repjohnyarmuth  live now  join me for a conversation with  sierraclub climate policy director liz perera  we ll be discussing the many…
rt  usgsvolcanoes  hvo daily update for may 4  an eruption is in progress along kīlauea volcano s lower east rift zone  since late afternoo…
rt  allysaadams1  it s not often we have a congressman in the pbs control room   repohalleran watches azhorizon from the other side  tune i…
rt  repteddeutch  last night  our community stood together with the mourning families  now  we must turn our thoughts and prayers into acti…
happy birthday   girlscouts  as an alumna  thanks for all of your great work building girls of courage  confidence…
rt  ap  breaking  us trade gap rises to  53 1 billion in december and  566 billion in 2017  highest in nine years 
if you had daca and your daca issuance was cut short by dhs  meaning dhs terminated your daca   you can renew your…
at a time where americans are saddled with  1 5 trillion in student loan debt  the last thing we should do is tear…
congress & the admin simply are not doing enough to help americans access necessary treatment for opioid use disord…
disastrous data from globe  uninsured in ma could rise to over 10% under trumpcare  currently ~3%  lowest in us 
snow d e update  i ve issued a level 1 driving warning for new castle county beginning at 2 00 p m 
rt  housejuddems  read the full statement from rm  repjohnconyers at hearing on oversight of the us refugee program 
rt  hardball   you have to wonder  what do the russians have on this president    repswalwell on trump s mixed messages on new russia sanct…
last week  the president abandoned his promise to tackle the high cost of prescription drugs by allowing medicare t…
mahalo to senator michelle kidani  general manager david o neal  and the staff and directors of the mililani town a…
rt  peninsulamuseum  happening now-congresswoman jackie speier recognizing the winners of…
después de sobrevivir los horrores de la guerra civil salvadoreña  los dueños de restaurante flor campos y josé alv…
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 2̶4̶ today   conorlambpa was sworn in as the next repr…
this isn t a moment  it is a movement  we cannot go back to business as usual  americans want action to…
  speaker ryan can t hide the truth — the majority of americans reject his repeal then replace strategy on  aca  
proud to see that nyc is leading the fight against sexual harassment  it s time for congress to do the same by pass…
proud to have spent almost 20 years in congress standing w/ labor  advocating on behalf of workers & the american labor movement labor day
last year  women earned 80 cents for every dollar earned by a man  that s a  10 000 difference in paychecks …
teachers are doing the important work of educating the next generation  we should thank them today and every day fo…
rt  thecle  it s national library week  hi   cleveland_pl  thisis c l e
ginny is a true testament to the difference one person can make and i am honored to recognize her as my woman of th…
i can see how  to some  me speaking out about this seems hypocritical  they may ask themselves   how can she suppor…
rep  delaney urges fed chair yellen to consider income inequality
kids cannot learn if they are constantly worried or fearful of discrimination  that s why i am once again cosponsor…
rt  senduckworth  bryan  abigail and i couldn t be happier to welcome little maile pearl as the newest addition to our family and we re dee…
  bpolitics reports that  mickmulvaneyomb is thinking about moving 70  cfpb employees to the basement  as a congres…
flint kids are filled w/lead  it s our job to make sure they get help after the hearings end & cameras leave never forget flint
my statement on president trump s decision to withdraw from the iran nuclear deal 
honored to meet the salvadoran consul patricia fernandez in minneapolis today working with minnesotans  welcome 
rt  nicole_onofreo   usrepkcastor  tblightning go betty     happy mother s day from all the residents/ras who live in betty castor hall   b…
the wounded warrior fellowship program was established by the house of representatives to provide employment opport…
rt  repbeatty  what moms need  high-quality  woman-centered healthcare  what moms dont need  repeal of the aca  we need to protect our care 
it was a pleasure to speak with mothers and daughters from edcouch elsa as they waited to attend a hestec latina   
there are plenty of new englanders who muted the tv broadcasts in big games and high leverage moments in favor of h…
to  gavingrimmva & all trans students  i support your right to a safe education  scotus must rule to protect trans kids  stand with gavin 🏳️‍🌈
rt  housedemocrats    repbobbyrush  il-01  hosted a housing resource fair where constituents spoke with federal  state  and local agencies…
soy totalmente consciente de la importancia de la democracia y la dignidad 
the rhode island  davhq does great work caring for our veterans  and i was honored to attend their annual rhode is…
i ve extended the deadline for submissions to the congressional art competition for high school students to friday …
  whitehouse s attempt to add a citizenship question to the census for the 1st time in 50 yrs risks an inaccurate c…
seton hall s black men of standard program raises the standard of academic outcomes  performance and achievement  t…
rt  repdonbeyer  welcoming  nancypelosi and democratic leaders to alexandria s  novacommcollege to unveil our new economic plan  tools to s…
rt  reploisfrankel  equal pay day recognizes that women must work 3 extra months just to earn the same pay as men  closing the gender wage ga…
health centers have a long history of bipartisan support and have become the nation s largest primary care network…
we can t bomb our way to peace  rushing to war in syria – without so much as a debate or vote in congress – would b…
rt  housejuddems  new   repjerrynadler releases new report on  housejuddems oversight efforts  report documents trump administration abuse…
rt  aarpadvocates  great meeting with  repdavidscott protect s n a p  aarp2018 
the way  realdonaldtrump treats dreamers is no way for anyone to treat contributing patriotic members of our countr…
rt  housejuddems  🚨  breaking  🚨  housegop passed  hr469   a bill that jeopardizes the welfare of all americans 👎
small businesses are part of the fabric of our communities and the backbone of our nation s economy  grateful for t…
rt  mvvoice  students from mountain view and los altos high schools join national school walkout to protest gun violence 
rt  mineolahs  thank you  repkathleenrice  nassaucountypd and  mobilizeny for coming to  mineolahs today  we pledge never to drive distract…
in winona today for our 2nd regional vitality summit  critical discussions on how to capitalize on our southern mn…
next time someone asks you what the democrats  message is  tell m strengthening workers  rights  helping labor unio…
there is a student loan debt crisis in our country  and now is not the time to take a cop off the beat  we are eval…
people want good food that is healthy  local  and sustainable  congress has an opportunity to catch up and help tho…
it s been 8 years since the affordable care act became law  the result – 20 million more americans with healthcare…
rt  repadams  i can t imagine that anyone would support taking food away from 265 000 children nationwide  yet  that s what this proposal d…
this is a very big deal in the fight against partisan gerrymandering  power needs to be given back to the people …
d c  republicans  attempts to slash funding for the gateway should anger anybody who cares about economic growth &…
😀
wishing everyone a happy new year as we count down to 2017  i hope you have a healthy and prosperous year   ne02 
congratulations to you and your family  senduckworth 
at 5 am  republicans put forward a plan to temporarily fund the government for a 5th time since september with no p…
my heart is heavy because we are faced with the absolute most dangerous  destructive  & deceitful tax reform bill i…
 ahowardsmith please contact my dc office at 202-225-2461  we would be happy to do our best to assist you 
everyone  no matter where they live or work  should have timetocare for their own health and their families   fmla25 
rt  domination91   mnmsba sharing crosby-ironton s resolution with  usrepricknolan to fully fund special education  idea   nsbaai18 
  hudgov has announced that texas will be receiving  4 7 billion in block grants for hurricane harvey and other dis…
  houseagnews held 23 hearings on  snap  and i attended all of them  i believed chairman  conawaytx11 when he said…
i have long believed that we must compete in every county and every district in america  we cannot give up on any p…
if  realdonaldtrump wants elections with  paper backup  - house democrats have a bill for that  it s called the ele…
had a great meeting with community health centers from the sacramento region today  thanks for so tirelessly workin…
in america  an average of 193 women die each day of lung cancer – 1 every 7 minutes  my own daughter katherine is l…
it was great to join  thereval and  senschumer at the  nationalaction annual legislative & policy conference this m…
in case you missed it  vice filmed me watching this year s sotu  it went about how you would expect    
the american people overwhelmingly support dreamers  they are productive members of our communities and many now ha…
the 7 year syrian civil war is one of the great humanitarian crises of our time  one night of air strikes is not a…
rt  tymilburn  rep  lowey  students discuss gun control at roundtable
as a mother  i can t imagine getting one of these texts from my kids  still  every day  american parents get horrif…
under g o p tax scam  tax cuts were given to wealthy donors  rs turned their back on american people and put    in the…
pretty sure that days of argument between the most powerful people in politics  media and business over whose delic…
dreamers deserve peace of mind  i urge my republican colleagues to bring the dream act to the floor for a vote  dre…
least surprising thing so far today is  realdonaldtrump admitted to making up claims on trade when speaking with canadian prime minister 
today i am in dc  but i am sending my love to my first valentine  my mother  and i will spend the evening telling m…
orlando  49  sandy hook  26  las vegas  58  sutherland spring  26  aurora  12  virginia tech  32  and the li…
•announced a reconsideration of vehicle emissions standards for model years 2022 to 2025 •proposed repeal of emissi…
dreamers start businesses  raise families and pay taxes in this country  but congress still hasn t taken action to…
i am incredibly disappointed that congress has allowed the authorization of chip to expire  putting the health insu…
gop tax bill cuts taxes for corporations & wealthy  raises taxes for millions of others  improving our economy – bo…
rt  medillonthehill    congressmanruiz says the families joining us today remind us that health care debate is about people & futures of fa…
la interamericana  recinto de bayamón  la univ  del este  la univ  central de bayamón  y la politécnica recibirán cerca de  1 2m anuales c/u
rt  dedeptofed  today kicks off national school breakfast week  this morning   redclayschools celebrated school breakfast with visits from…
editorial  privacy risk in self-driving cars  senate has to fix that loophole in federal bill via  mercnews
today  on workers  memorial day  we remember workers who have been killed or injured at their workplace  too often …
hey  loudobbs - the american people aren t fooled - the special counsel should be permitted to continue his investi…
if you don t write in cam davis for mwrd  it s very likely that governor rauner will appointed a hand-picked   
calling all high school artists—check out your chance to have your art displayed in the capitol through the congres…
rt  reprokhanna  we cannot provide effective health services if people are misinformed by false advertising  i have signed onto  repmalone…
students & parents are drowning in student loan debt  i ve got a plan to help students refinance their loans --&gt 
rt  wolfforpa  i expanded medicaid because i believe people deserve access to quality health care  rt if you agree →
here s what i wrote in the  nytimes after speaker ryan called for a regulatory solution to the bump stock loophole …
it s downright shameful  congressional republicans increased the deficit to give tax cuts to corporations and their…
i just published  new episode  gun violence student summit 
enough is enough  another mass shooting  this time at ohio state  this can t become our normal  we must work to…
with  rubendiazjr and diego beekman tenants at rally in support of proposed diego-beekman housing redevelopment pla…
rt  repcartwright   the flint water crisis can t be allowed to happen elsewhere  congress can—and must—make critical investments in water i…
rt  abc7newsbayarea   we must work and we must pray for peace  to make sure we create fewer veterans  as john kennedy said   mankind must p…
icymi – i am joined by my colleague  repdinatitus for this week s magic monday  i hope you enjoy this week s tric…
i was saddened to learn of the passing of roy hawthorne  one of the last remaining navajo code talkers  after enlis…
rt  thedemocrats  trump promised the g o p tax scam would help america s working people instead  they ve enacted a scheme that gives enormous…
as we observe jewish american heritage month  let us celebrate the flourishing jewish communities throughout  nyc  a…
last month  i passed legislation into law that will provide new tools to combat these types of unconscionable crime…
i ve heard some thoughtful feedback that instead of doing a buy-back program for assault weapons we should invest m…
last night s alabama senate victory demonstrates the power of hard work  working together we can win up and down the ballot in 2018 
our volunteers are blanketing ventura county today  join us and help get out the vote in  ca26 
this decision will have lasting effects on midwesterners  health  it s hard not to turn on the news without another…
absolutely  extremely disappointing that we are still arguing about this topic in 2012  ask julia  ca26 
rt  edworkforcedems  under the trump budget  students will be forced into more expensive and riskier private loans to finance their higher…
the  balanced budget amendment  is the gop s latest attack on social security  medicaid  and medicare  after the…
i announced my stop senior scams plan because the last thing our community needs right now is increased risk of fra…
rt  indrani_solomon   bww2018   repohalleran  ndss congressman  you have been the champion of change for az-01  thank you for your leadershi…
all schools in the san fernando valley and 17 schools affected by the  skirball fire  are closed thursday  dec  7 …
great meeting with  treeprof and researchers from the fire protection engineering program at  calpoly last week  lo…
it doesn t matter who you are - whether it s in the halls of congress  the private sector or anywhere else - all al…
a ground invasion of north korea would prove catastrophic and could result in thousands  if not millions of deaths 
rt  peterwelch  i introduced legislation today with  repcharliedent that will ensure special counsel mueller is able to do his job unfetter…
proud to introduce bipartisan legislation with  steveknight25 to provide a much needed boost for research on…
a day in the life of trump s  epa chief  🥂 lunch at fancy restaurants with big oil and gas lobbyists 🎤 keynote sp…
the release of the classified information in the nunes memo is an egregious attack on our independent law enforceme…
i ll be on boston public radio at 1pm today  tune in to 89 7fm or listen online 
merry christmas  i hope everyone is enjoying this time with their loved ones 
rt  reptimwalz  2 million people will have their access to food threatened if the  housegop passes their hyper-partisan farm bill  that s…
200 democrats and republicans agree that it s time to pass the thompson king background checks bill that will impro…
lou correa esta aquí para trabajar 💪🏾
 nsf is pursuing 10 big ideas to advance the frontiers of science and engineering  which i strongly support  but…
i am pleased to announce the official ribbon-cutting ceremony celebrating the shared-space agreement at the vamc-wp…
with  realdonaldtrump attacking fbi over cohen raid  congress must act now to protect mueller 
wonderful time at east braintree s little league opening day ceremonies  thanks to mayor joe sullivan  ebll preside…
discrimination of any kind must be met with full force  to stop prejudice  i support voting rights now  restore the v r a  vra50 
he marched for us  goodtrouble
rt  iftyahmadmd  my close friend  muslimmarine and i had a chance to spend some time with  congressmanraja today discussing immigration and…
rt  timkaine  ten rounds  that s the magazine limit allowed in kentucky while hunting deer  yet when we call for similar limits on assaul…
   we find ourselves once again putting out statements of condolences  moments of silence are just not enough 
rt  roqplanas  for context on today s news about separating immigrant families through illegal entry prosecutions  see  lomikriel s story d…
rt  housedemocrats  watch live  house democratic leaders provide an update on the trump shutdown
two big wins for  az  this week  1  ensuring the faa listens to arizonans when creating flight paths in our neighbor…
rt  repjoecrowley  this is the g o p tax scam  💰billionaires get a tax break ❌ hard-working families get a tax hike that s not how it s supp…
it s time to turn the page from trumpcare   housegop  let s work together to improve the affordable care act  protect our care
today  i brought train company reps and members of the birmingham city council together to talk about solutions to…
we need to figure out what happened & make sure it never happens again  proud to announce that a provision of mine…
spending time with family and friends is what defines this time of year  merry christmas to everyone celebrating w…
we all hope the meeting between kim jong-un and moon jae-in augurs a peaceful future after decades of tension and c…
rt  aflcio  as in other recent red-state teachers  strikes  the arizona teachers were agitating not just for raises but for a wholesale imp…
trump pardons  scooter  libby in cia leak case  libby leak
 theglpkid i rarely see tweets in which every single statement is wrong  well done 
my statement on the resignation of varhs director doug paxton 
party of bannon  moore & trump  can t forget diamond/silk  has failed working families and sold out our democracy…
hawaii has the highest cost of living in the country  contributing to a severe affordable housing crisis and the w…
good news -- my provision to save florida millions just passed the house of representatives   sfl   pbc 
i m here on behalf of the newly formed tech accountability caucus in which i serve as a co-chair with my colleagues…
thanks for inviting me 
 repjohnlarson come learn more about our legislation to strengthen social security and how you can enhance the bene…
this race will be incredibly close and each volunteer makes a big impact  come help knock doors  call voters   ca26 
the  fcc took away a free and open internet  today  senate democrats are voting to save the internet  i m supporting…
rt  davelevinthal  4/ of note on the omnibus  fec language  can confirm that  repderekkilmer  d-wash    a vocal campaign    reform proponen…
yesterday i toured the  mta s east side access tunnels & platform  i am going to keep the pressure on  amtrak to en…
rt  scottsimmonsnwz  nat l park service hearing on designating civil rights sites in ms as possible nat l park sites 16 wapt news
it was an honor to co-host the annual south boston st  patrick s breakfast with city councilor flaherty  this event…
trump s solution to racism is  jobs   it s not that simple 
reminder - this monday at 6 00 p m  at indiana university northwest is the 2018 military academy night  i encourage…
watch video of the reveal on facebook here congressional art competition
happy passover to families in san diego  may your celebration be filled with family  friends  and lots of matzah  c…
rt  whiphoyer  i join  repeliotengel   repcummings  &  senatormenendez in calling for an investigation into reports that trump admin offici…
rt  seapubschools  congratulations to zhen williams of chief sealth international high school for her 1st place win with  voice through my…
rt  tictoc   every american should know that when they cast their ballot  it gets counted   rep  zoe lofgren says regarding the need for an…
another tragedy  there are things we can do to end gun violence  it s a scandal that congress won t act 
today at  thecmannh discussing the employment landscape of the claremont region  nh s low unemployment rate undersc…
rt  pandersonc12  professional airline pilots from illinois 9th congressional district thank  repschakowsky for her leadership to help pa…
i penned an op-ed for  lohud discussing my trip to parkland this past weekend for the march for our lives and where…
lung cancer is the second-leading cause of death of any single disease  with 433aday dying from the cancer  thank…
court orders and reports of delays & backlogs spur bipartisan inquiry  reps coffman & gutiérrez request data on…
new data shows the trump administration s 1st quarter trade deficits with mexico and china are the largest on recor…
mr  president  we have proposed any number of bipartisan daca fixes - you have rejected each and every one  if you…
  cpedvcoalition helps bring hope and healing to so many survivors of domestic violence in the inland empire  i str…
 househomeland  tyrnn
rt  reploisfrankel  equal pay day recognizes that women must work 3 extra months just to earn the same pay as men  closing the gender wage ga…
despite being one of the largest drivers of u s  economy  tech s diversity problem is leaving talent on the field t…
from literacy tests to cutting early voting  from poll taxes to unnecessary voter ids  our county has more to do  restore the v r a  vra50 
walkout wednesday enough is enough
congratulations to our new  fladems party chair  terrie rizzo on her election  terrie  you ve been a fantastic coun…
  louiseslaughter was one of the best  she was a warm spirit and fierce advocate for women s rights and democratic…
here is a link to the video with sound 
rt  oversightdems  one year ago today  president-elect trump held a press conference to announce that he would not liquidate his assets or…
i voted in support of the omnibus bill  here s why 
rt  repjoecrowley  wishing all those celebrating a happy easter  i hope you are all enjoying the day with your families 
inspired by the compassionate approach being pioneered by the veterans treatment court in pinellas  serving the uni…
i am so proud of my alma mater  cheering my eagles on tonight  eagle pride
last week  i was pleased to recognize dr  lourdes gouveia from  unomaha for her contributions to  ne02    hhm 
today on the floor  the house will debate and vote on a bill that makes several changes to  energy s nuclear waste…
linda brown was a testament to the fearlessness of black girls in this nation  because of her  so many of us can  r…
rt  housejuddems  rm  repjerrynadler    jacksonleetx18  repcohen intro d the bipartisan special counsel independence & integrity act to ens…
he s never believed the rules apply to him - not when he violated civil rights laws by discriminating against black…
intl ed is one of america s best exports  in addition to  36 9 billion & 450 000 jobs  intl students bring countles…
i m proud to endorse  danryanforrep  i ve worked with dan for 14 years and know he ll be a passionate and effective advocate  mapoli
   en cuanto a sus derechos democráticos y oportunidades económicas 
rt  housedemwomen  happy birthday to leader  nancypelosi - as first woman speaker of the house & a lifelong advocate for women and families…
rt  oversightdems  just in   repcummings and  repjerrynadler request documents on gag orders white house staff reportedly ordered to sign …
i posted a new photo to facebook
rt  oversightdems    repcummings  the federal regulation on special counsels is clear—the department of justice must determine that a  crim…
as member of  edworkforcedems  i implore my colleagues to consider the implications the  hea  could have on america …
every voice matters in our fight to end hunger for millions of families in need  so inspiring to see everyone at…
i commend  repmcsally for her bravery in coming forward to share her story  my heart goes out to her  i hope she ta…
rt  pancanchicago   replipinski thank you for signing the eshoo-reichert-lance-kennedy-mckinley dear colleague letter  to keep pancreatic c…
christine in oak park emailed  do you support insurance companies covering birth control  ask julia  ca26 
rt  rosadelauro  the ideas democrats are pushing for aren t controversial  we should be helping our veterans  we should be fighting the opi…
may her family  friends  and all who knew her take comfort in her legacy as a passionate and fierce supporter of he…
rt  jesseluna  juliabrowley  what differences will latinos see in ventura county when u r elected  latism  ca26  ask julia
since 1949   nato has helped promote diplomacy  strengthen alliances  and make the world a safer place  on the anni…
i agree  partisan politics and extreme stances on fundamental basic human rights issues have prevented congress fro…
 do or do not  there is no try   -yoda may the4th be with you star wars
i welcome president macron and his address to congress this morning  now more than ever  we need his voice in suppo…
  coralacademylv celebrated 10 years of serving the community at its spring gala  we re happy for you on your first…
i extend my sincerest condolences to the bush family as we mourn the loss of barbara bush  although known for her v…
rt if you agree  g o p tax scam puts the wealthy & big corporations first  and pays for it on the backs of the middle…
rt  lcvoters  thank you  repeliotengel for speaking about how withdrawing from the paris agreement will harm our future  boot pruitt
proud to honor historical women heroes like frances willard--we must  do everything  
it was great to be in aurora this morning for a small business week event designed for small business owners and ent…
all of  potus s appointed intel chiefs - cia pompeo  dni coats  nsc rogers & fbi wray - are unanimous in agreement…
ty to all who joined us tonight for our 2nd compton townhall  so many engaging residents to discuss issues and con…
congress has a responsibility to protect mueller to ensure his investigation can continue without interference  ret…
a wonderful evening last night celebrating the career of john carroll  the dedicated town manager of norwood for th…
here we are a couple weeks after yet another mass shooting in america and yet again the gop congress has refused to…
delighted to report that the house has just passed my bipartisan legislation  h r  1350  to save taxpayer dollars b…
happy easter sunday to all those celebrating today 
more here on honest ads  a bill i introduced in the house 
we believe the rule of law is on our side  our public safety laws in california work in concert  not conflict  wit…
rt  jaredrosenstein  congresswoman  repwilson  state rep   shevrinjones  state rep   jaredemoskowitz and broward school board  osgood_leads…
rt  repcohen  protect mueller mueller congress rosenstein justice
praying for everyone in nyc as we wait for more info about this tragedy  grateful to nypd & 1st responders on the scene keeping people safe 
on national teacher appreciation day  let s thank a teacher for their commitment to students and for their work to c…
joined students from my alma mater st  pete high &  canterburyfl during national school walkout  honor with action…
rt to spread the word  for those who want to celebrate the legacy of the rev  dr  martin luther king  jr  with a…
if one vet is denied care  we aren t keeping our promise to care for those who have borne the battle  tragedies li…
rt  nytimes   we work really hard to be resilient and strong  and i think it s o k  to recognize that we re still grieving  and that we sho…
rt  rockthevote  huge thank you to  younginvincible for putting together the help students vote act   gathering these amazing individuals t…
the final results are in  and 3 007 new high school students from cheatham  davidson and dickson counties are regis…
50 years after the assassination of dr  martin luther king  jr   his teachings  his words  and his legacy remain a…
on teacher appreciation day  i thank every educator  including my late mother  who has chosen to educate and inspire…
i ve been getting a ton of calls from folks asking about animalabuse prevention efforts in congress  here s where…
 today  house gop presented a children s healthcare reaauth at the expense of medicare & public health fund 
make that 2 ham sandwiches  g o p tax scam  sarahdwire   asked dem rep   bradsherman if he expects gop to pass the tax…
even if we were to stop carbon emissions immediately  we would still be faced with additional climate impacts  we m…
alexa  how many millions of dollars have  donaldjtrumpjr and jared kushner made for themselves selling access to th…
looking forward to running the  holyokestpats 10k race tomorrow and march in the  holyokeparade sunday  shaping up…
joined  nydiavelazquez & 140  colleagues to call for a more aggressive federal response to the crisis in puerto rico
rt  repdonbeyer  morally repugnant policy from the trump administration  months after republicans gave hundreds of billions of dollars in…
horrifying & heart-breaking scene today in parkland  fl  gun violence has for the 18th time this year terrorized ou…
rt  arizonadot  reminder  an extended closure is expected on sr 87 from mp 290 at clints well to milepost 312 due to the tinder fire  no et…
rt  valleynewslive   collinpeterson says  epa  does not understand what they are doing   joshrushing on his recent reporting on  isis 
rt  unbreakableags  rt fwd_us  there s a great group of michigan dreamers here today  thank you repsandylevin for the meeting  protect drea…
rt  whiphoyer    speakerryan  the president s march 5  daca  deadline has now passed  every day congress fails to act  d r e a mers lose  daca… 
reckless republican budget cuts funding for meals on wheels  school violence programs and the special olympics  who…
 repterrisewell  mickmulvaneyomb   repterrisewell  right there with you  proud to put my constituents  interests ah…
rt  hfacdemocrats  hate has no place in our multilateral negotiations   usun must continue to support lgbti rights and sexual and reproduct…
my heart goes out to the victims  their friends and family  and all those affected by the horrific act of violence in orlando last night 
we oppose adding citizenship question on the 2020 census  this could suppress participation of florida s 2mil immig…
rt  vanitaguptacr  at house oversight hearing on the census  acting head of civ rts div john gore is a no show   repmaloney and  tgowdysc a…
rt  unionadvocate  delta workers  deserve dignity and respect    bettymccollum04 tells the crowd -- and she says she s told the company tha…
rt  drhenson2  thank you to the amazing assistant principals  northforesthigh  you all are the real mvps  your dedication  passion  and lov…
i don t know what s worse  how unqualified  realdonaldtrump s cabinet secretaries are for their jobs  or how shamel…
rt  reploisfrankel  equal pay day recognizes that women must work 3 extra months just to earn the same pay as men  closing the gender wage ga…
congressional republicans and the trump administration must realize that now is the time for progress – not rollbacks  earth day
rt  momsdemand  an  everytown study showed that 42% of the time  the suspect in mass shootings showed warning signs prior to the incident …
republicans in congress passed a tax plan that will raise taxes for 86 million families to give massive tax cuts to…
 onlyorganic many producers in new hampshire are hesitant to transition to organic farming due to the cost and addi…
rt  mercycorps  the world is facing a 25-year peak in violent conflict – new legislation by  repeliotengel  judgetedpoe  repmccaul  repadam…
i offer my deepest condolences to those who lost loved ones in last night s horrific mass shooting in las vegas 
join us  on thursday  may 3  i m hosting a national dayof prayer breakfast at 8 45 a m  in winter springs w/special…
the recent exodus from the  epa is further proof that  epascottpruitt is unqualified for his job  it s time to…
last week trump s health secretary alex azar said the same thing  they are acting like insurance rates won t rise b…
open enrollment starts november 1st  don t wait until the last minute  visit and get covered 
 keithellison thank you for co-hosting this important event  lots of good information and engagement 
did you know that ernest  dutch  morial was not only the 1st black mayor of new orleans but also the 1st black grad…
i have two townhalls this saturday--one in fairfield  one in rio vista  get details here 
this week i joined  amyklobuchar and  tinasmithmn in calling on president trump to take action on illegal foreign…
rt  beach_nole  thank you  repdarrensoto for the books and the visit  the students loved meeting you  you are always welcomed at the pirat…
meeting today with student government representatives from the  universityofil  thanks for coming by the office 
to all the mothers and mother-figures  thank you for your continuous kindness  genuine care  unconditional love and…
rt  mayorbowser  today  we laid a wreath in memory of one of the world s greatest leaders  we will continue to honor his legacy and his dre…
a strong medicaid = a strong chip  trump care s cuts to medicaid would mean 3 million children losing health insura…
the  nra  stands for no republican action  there are dozens of bills before congress to end gun violence  yet  no rep…
during the campaign trail  candidate trump asked an african-american crowd in philadelphia   what the hell do you h…
rt  repteddeutch  this congress has been in desperate need of bipartisan cooperation to protect the mueller investigation  the rule of law …
since  epa admin pruitt won t listen to scientists about climate change  i gave him a dose of reality from maine s…
exclusive  appendix to gao opinion finding  epascottpruitt s  43 000 sound-proof phone booth violated federal law …
my  tedxrainier talk  don t take death lying down  examines advance directives end of life care
team u s a sled hockey wins game one in the paralympic winter games 10-0   usparalympics go ralph de quebec 
to everyone participating in today s tax march  i have your back  i m fighting to replace the g o p tax scam with mean…
i support free  open  equal and democratic access to the web and oppose any attempts by the fcc to repeal net neutralityِ rules 
talking about the historic passage of the caa reform act  a bipartisan bill to overhaul congress s flawed sexual ha…
today the ways and means committee is meeting with  ustreasury  stevenmnuchin1 regarding the 2019 budget  live here…
these are just a few ways in which we can deliver a better deal for the middle class and create a tax code that trul…
 houseagnews hey  houseagnews and  housegop we fixed this for you  harm bill not a farm bill
rt  yourbarriofl  at our packed gun safety town hall in st  cloud with  repdarrensoto  moms demand gunsense…
gwinnett co  parents & students  please put this on your calendars 
politicians in washington don t realize that the answers we need aren t based on one party being right and the othe…
i m proud to have co-authored the recently enacted steve gleason act  medicare will now cover speech generating dev…
si el gobierno de pr hace las cosas bien  la junta tendrá un rol muy limitado y cesará sus operaciones en pocos años 
the  43 000 private phone booth for  epascottpruitt was purchased illegally   usgao has found  i questioned adminis…
we should be keeping families together  not ripping parents from their u s -born children  we should be strengthen…
join our friend rep lou lang to fight for the equal rights amendment in illinois 
excited to announce the sonoma county finalist in my 2018 congressional art competition  ashly baccei from rancho c…
rt  pontifex  to defend the earth and to safeguard water is to protect life 
yesterday at our  txamiu stem event  sophomores from webb consolidated and zapata county heard from capitan thomas…
college costs - 20 billion to 11 million families   fattah tax credit bill permanently extended via  thestreet
joining  thedailyshow  trevornoah tonight  tune in at 10pmct/11pmet to watch 
today is just the beginning  midterm elections are on november6th  if your representative won t summon the cour…
rt  repesty  growing up  i never wanted an  f  on a report card  the gun lobby s test is one i m proud to flunk  glad to stand with  repj…
rt  waelalzayat  thank you  repdarrensoto for being a good friend and an avid supporter of immigrant rights  emgagethe hill emgage action h…
this is courage  this is principle  this is america at its best 
tomorrow is monday and it will mark a new and dangerous turn in the trump shutdown  with hundreds of thousands of a…
love and help one another  be informed  be prepared  stay safe  hurricane irma
rt  jrosenworcel  it s official  the federal register published the  fcc order rolling back net neutrality  but here s what s also official…
rt  markkeam  tremendous turnout in my legislative district at  gerryconnolly town hall meeting to discuss firearm violence and safety issu…
i met w/bright students from gonzales high school today who are working on a weather stations project in collaborat…
  realdonaldtrump appears set on undermining affordable care act protections and returning us to the days when insu…
the  msdreamcenter and accessible rhode island provide crucial tools to families coping with ms and other disabilit…
after a disastrous year on the global stage  the trump administration still does not heed bipartisan calls to chang…
i am encouraged to hear mark zuckerberg say he is open to increased regulatory oversight of facebook  but he needs…
we need your help in final stages of  ca26  race  join us in calling voters and knocking on doors before election day 
scam artists use a variety of mediums and persuasion methods  protect your family with these resources …
wishing you and your loved ones a joyful and happy easter 
my condolences to the family and friends of stephen hawking  a once-in-a-generation mind that inspired millions to…
rt  neiltyson  his passing has left an intellectual vacuum in his wake  but it s not empty  think of it as a kind of vacuum energy permeati…
you know what never misfire  textbooks  let get more of those in teachers hands  not lethal firearms …
rt  repdonnabullock  icymi  pa has 25% of all of the juvenile lifers in the world  we must act now on criminal justice reform  i am working…
rt  spartatap  gottheimer recognizes important next step to new bus service in sussex and warren   
president trump was asked about mr  pruitt s housing scandal the next day  4/3   the president responded   i hope h…
 mickmulvaneyomb  s checklist for  cfpb   ✔assist predatory lenders ✔starve bureau of resources ✔curb fair len…
joined  kusinews to discuss what we re working on in congress  check out our conversation on syria  the tijuana sew…
we need a healthcare system that puts people first  ahead of the profits of insurance and pharmaceutical companies
 there were a few members of congress who were willing to speak up for facebook s users  rush who was active in the…
had a great time taking questions from the district this evening on our telephone town hall  thanks to the 5 000  c…
join us
rt  bendavanzo  it s an amazing  and fairly unprecedented  show of force to see over 80 members of congress sign on in support for immigran…
 obviously that airport is not part of the president s plan to make america great again   lol  reploisfrankel…
the new howard marsh  mymetroparks is a giant jewel on a green necklace  this is a gift given by the people of this…
great to be in joliet this morning for the opening of  ilfoodbank s south suburban center - a new resource for comb…
this bill will help inform procurement  force development and operational planning and keep the department accountable to congress   jemsora 
rt  repjohnlewis  sometimes you have to get in trouble--good trouble  necessary trouble--to make a way out of no way 
the g o p tax scam puts the benefits that hard-working americans deserve directly into the pockets of corporations 
last fall president trump called elephant trophy hunting  terrible   this week  he s lifting a ban on importing ele…
the children s health insurance program   chip   will be extended into next year  this vital program provides health…
rt  usprogressives  we sent a letter to the leadership of the senate foreign relations committee urging them to reject mike pompeo as secre…
labor unions are an integral part of the american workforce and have helped workers improve their wages  workplace…
rt  senatorserrano  so honored to give opening remarks at our black history month celebration  so proud to honor a great group of individual…
this group of female warriors represented the very best of  gshswarriors with their masterful artwork at my congres…
rt  msnbc   you can t do an impeachment     unless the evidence is overwhelming and unless     by the end of the process you will have pers…
rt  soycastorin   repdinatitus team celebrating cincode mayo with fundación puebla usa and  cnlv--today we honor the battle of puebla with…
i m talking with  wolfblitzer on  cnnsitroom now to discuss  realdonaldtrump s tariffs  the stormy daniels payout …
  epascottpruitt told me today that the epa inspector general had said threats against him were  unprecedented   he…
court cases are temporary victories for d r e a mers  what these men and women need is legislative action  when will p…
rt  drdenagrayson  🔥 if obama had committed even one iota of the egregious acts that trump has   republicans would have tossed him out of…
can you name this cambridge woman whose discovery allowed astronomers to measure the distances between earth and f…
can you make it to our town hall meeting on friday  may 4th at the el paso community foundation room  hope to see y…
fifty years after the loss of dr  king   repjohnlewis reminds us that his vision wasn t a thing of the past – it re…
new developments in the fight for a free and open internet – senate vote expected next week  i support the same…
did you miss our recent community office hours in sanford  winter park  and orlando  no worries  you can contact…
tweet ask adriano to tell me the issues that matter the most to you  ny13  
i m fighting efforts to weaken clean air protections because keeping central coast families healthy starts with mak…
wishing a happy kwanzaa to all celebrating this special occasion  wishing you all the best 
thank you  autismspeaks for stopping by my office to talk about the importance of autism awareness  autism speaks
i am leading the non-federal reservoir operations improvement act  a straightforward solution to a senseless proble…
today s potus anti-transgender tweets are repugnant  to the est 15 000 currently serving  i value you  i support you  i will fight for you 
new  habitatpinellas center in midtown will put the american dream of home-ownership within reach for many more in…
i am concerned that russian hackers may be behind the data breach affecting customers of saks fifth avenue &…
i asked him to spell out in what ways the epa might provide financing and other mechanisms to help address this iss…
no  dreamers can t wait  this is the only country many of these patriots have ever known  we must pass the…
at our san antonio town hall  we followed last month s march with a day of discussion and action on reducing gun vi…
today we celebrate trees and all the wonderful ways they contribute to our communities  our country and our planet …
read my latest op-ed for  thehill-  denying immigrants access undermines core american values   hhm 
sending the national guard to the southern border does nothing to fix our broken immigration system and it strains…
specialty crops are critical to our rural economy  thanks to the aggies who took time from their farms to talk with…
on international space day we remember all the achievements  benefits and opportunities presented by those who work…
the decision to add a citizenship question to the 2020 census will have long-lasting consequences for cities & stat…
rt  nilc_org   realdonaldtrump important  uscis is not accepting any applications from first-time applicants at this time  5/
rt  thebeatdc    repveasey wants to rain on donald trump s parade  he s introduced the parade act --  preventing allocation of resources…
listen to my interview with  bbcworldtonight starting at 5 00pm est/2 00pm pst regarding the latest on north korea 
rt  joebiden  our top priority should be investing in our workers by 1  ensuring they have the skills & opportunities to get a good job  2 …
rt  montgomeryparks   repraskin presents a special congressional recognition to montgomery parks director mike riley  civil engineer brian…
rt  ap  breaking  contradicting president  giuliani says trump repaid michael cohen for  130 000 payment to stormy daniels 
in just 8 years  america has gone from  yes we can  to  no you can t   but anyone who says that is wrong 
the strike finally ended on april 16th – with a settlement that included union recognition and wage increases  it w…
photo of the day- thank you path for your kind words this evening 
rt  ntcaconnect    peterwelch says absent funding  there is no rural broadband  several  housecommerce &  energycommerce sub comm tech membe…
rt  hfacdemocrats  rm  repeliotengel  congrats to trinidad & tobago on landmark  lgbtq  rights ruling  a crucial step in our hemisphere s ma…
 thestreet
septa should shut down norristown high speed line and utilize shuttle buses while investigation of crash continues 
rt  valor4us   repjudychu   repjudychu thank you  my toughest battle is being equal & free in america  my challenge is not being beaten &…
on this special season of faith i believe that all men&women pursuant to america s values are created equal  i supp…
i am confident that these investigations will affirm what i have come to believe is true  you are unfit to hold pub…
mandating sexual harassment training in congress is a necessary first step  but since sexual harassment is often ab…
rt  homelanddems  hearing on  dhsgov  homeland security  and the budget with the secretary is about to begin  benniegthompson  video & more…
happy mothers day to the love of my life and mom to our three kids  kasey  thanks for all you do for me and the kid…
we need to invest in more renewable energy so a catastrophe like deepwater horizon never happens again act on climate
teachers and school district employees who work tirelessly every day to educate our children deserve to have access…
i m live with  morethanmysle to talk about his healthcare meetings here in dc over the last 2 days 
congratulations to the northwest indiana islamic center on your 25th anniversary  i was honored to join you in cele…
rt  therdt  helen stewart  98  of thousand oaks  at clintonrally in  ca26   she volunteers for  juliabrownley campaign 
i was honored to present a proclamation to dynamic leader juanita baranco  who received a lifetime achievement awar…
it was great meeting with doctors hospital of laredo to discuss various healthcare needs in town  from l/r  regiona…
rt  housedemocrats  help prevent the abuse of prescription drugs by taking part in national take back day  find where you can dispose of unu…
rt  foxnews    repgaramendi on the iran nuclear deal   why don t we keep the deal in place  as it exists today  and build on it  use it as…
cómo beneficiarte del programa de energía asequible via  telemundo47
 lincoln_ap_gov thanks for hosting me 
good luck tonight ramblers   not that you ll need it with sister jean on your side  of course   sweet sixteen…
rt  housedemocrats  the house votes this week on the g o p budget which would make deep cuts to medicare & medicaid to give a tax break to mi…
a home should be a safe place  never where one suffers silently from any form of violence--dvam enddv
rt  durhamnc  in 1968 dr  martin luther king jr  cancelled an early april appearance in durham  feeling he was needed more in memphis  afte…
rt  gooberkn  good luck to trumbull high s model congress team at darien hs today  modelcongress civiceducation
congratulations to  keithellison on taking the lead on our much-needed medicare for all legislation  h r 676   as o…
my statement on tonight s vote
is it really a surprise to anyone that the g o p tax scam was designed to enrich wall street at the expense of working…
great joining residents at the angelo petromelis senior center in college point this morning  came for the discussi…
at  appropsdems hearing with  thejusticedept this morning- discussing troubling policies of ag sessions  watch here 
andrew mccabe dedicated his life to public service   realdonaldtrump aka the con-man dodged the draft and spent his…
let s back our  senatedems in blocking this nomination 
rt  a2arnett    repdannydavis  i think we may not be spending enough time in teaching children how we make decisions in this country  and w…
rt  readyharris  harris county urges preparation for above-average hurricane season  check out  emergencymgtmag for hurricane prep tips  ht…
we must do all we can to keep iran from getting a nuclear weapon   realdonaldtrump just got them a hell of a lot cl…
congratulations to brianna and nathan from howell cheney technical high school for winning the 2017 congressional a…
the administration announced its plan today to *intentionally* separate children from their mothers  i can t think…
thank you to the students and teachers from mililani mauka  they asked great questions about arming teachers  the h…
rt  roslehtinen  as the admin pursues a nuclear deal w/ saudi arabia  i introduced hr 5357  the nuclear cooperation reform act  w/  bradshe…
i m proud to be leading a new bipartisan effort to protect our homeless veterans  as a doctor who has cared for vet…
save the date  i will be hosting a town hall meeting on water quality issues and brief the community on the safe dr…
discussing bipartisanship and the  queen of the hill  rule on immigration and  daca   live on the floor  twill
watch live as announce legislation to protect the rights of student veterans as they seek affordable housing  it s…
rt  housenewdems    whiphoyer joined new dem chair emeritus  repronkind at round tables in wisconsin to discuss ideas to re-energize the ec…
props to libby gaiser of barrington for not letting  a lot of  snow deter her from preparing for her ninth boston m…
rt  cecilemichaelis  thank you  bradsherman for your time & attention to meet with us and discuss the importance of funding chd research ac…
another big 🎁 to wall street  more proof that bank lobbyists and big-money special interests have hijacked our demo…
 bigger paychecks  – 87% of fortune 500 companies have announced no plans to share their tax cuts with employees…
today we remember the lives lost five years ago  martin richard  lingzi lu  and krystle campbell  we honor officers…
rt  baystatebanner  congressman talks straight with constituents on challenging times ahead  mikecapuano  ldforry …
trump and his allies continue to look for ways to interfere in the mueller investigation  why  what are they trying…
unequal wages also harm minority communities  including  aapi  women  the wage gap is particularly acute for southea…
friendly reminder that the submission deadline for the annual congressional art competition is quickly approaching …
his decision is not only bad for our economy  but also our health  increasing air pollution for generations to come…
in the 50 years since the passage of the fair housing act  hud has made great strides toward ending housing discrim…
senate democrats move one step closer to forcing vote to save the internet  proud to support similar net neutrality…
rev  j a  delaine was inspired by an  naacp event at  allenu  to lead the petitioners who filed briggs v  elliott  h b c us  1/3 
every year  millions of americans file their tax returns  and it s our job to ensure they re protected from enterpr…
the internet was working fine the way it was – there s no reason for this change 
more important than ever to keep investigation going  all americans must keep demanding answers  only way we ll get to truth 
great meeting w/  pshhc & discussing the increased funding for housing programs we secured in this year s spending…
  repdwightevans  happy birthday  glad we can work together on growing middle neighborhoods around the country 
by sharing the stories from the 1 october tragedy  our community has been able to come together to grieve and heal 
i will continue to fight to keep family reunification as a pillar of our immigration system because it works  becau…
excessive drinking is responsible for the deaths of more than 4 300 american kids each year  that s heartbreaking a…
without the actions of james shaw jr   this deadly shooting could have been far worse  he may not think that he s a…
castner range is the crown jewel of west texas  and the proposal we got signed into law will protect it for generat…
my full statement 
join me at 930am sat   sccoe to discuss my proposed amendment to the constitution to support eachandeverychild 
congratulations to yvette marrin  this morning s honoree at the riverdale temple student sponsorship breakfast  w/…
can t ask for a better way to start my wednesday – joining with  reparrington to meet with members of the air force…
i went to college because i knew that a good education would lead to a good job  just like in my life  the chance t…
today  repespaillat hosted a member roundtable to discuss the impact of section 232 tariffs on the…
rt  bluestarfamily  together  we can move the needle for military families  thank you to the co-chairs of the congressional military family…
after years of devastating wildfires  this funding bill finally puts an end to the practice of fire-borrowing 
rt  lcaorg   usrepricknolan thank you for your ongoing leadership and support for the lungcancer community 
rt  cgmiamiharper  thank you  repdarrensoto for another good discussion of florida-canada relations  as a  quarter billion award  winner  y…
 potus  working hard to make china great again
i am strongly opposed to arming teachers in our classrooms  a recent  quinnipiacpoll found that while 75 percent of…
all americans  regardless of their gender identity  sexual orientation  race  or creed  who are willing  ready  and…
are you a  ca33  constituent needing assistance w/ the federal government  our office is here to help & can work w/…
dyk  it s equal pay day on april 10  women must work 3 extra months just to earn the same pay as men equalpay
today i was excited to participate in the launch of all of us research program at uab   this is a groundbreaking in…
just spoke at the foreign affairs committee  demonstrated that backing out of the nuclear deal at this time helps…
what kellyanne conway and sarah huckabee sanders are doing — taking the president s abundant falsehoods and trying…
rt  vanitaguptacr  sally yates  don t normalize attacks on the rule of law
rt  senbobcasey  today   repdwightevans and i convened a listening session to discuss ways we can achieve these goals 
rt  reuters  just in  supreme court declines to hear trump bid to immediately end program protecting  dreamers  from deportation
rt  housenewdems  last week  the house passed a bill introduced by  repsinema to protect families from a new type of identity theft that pr…
my statements 
i voted against the continuing resolution  because it is just another temporary patch  republicans have had months…
the last thing we needed is more strange connections to russia in our white house  yet here we are   
very disturbing that members of congress are recklessly endangering national security in order to enable trump s at…
grateful for barbara bush s service to our great nation  my heartfelt condolences are with the entire bush family at this difficult time 
rt  johnjharwood  in 2018  new tax-cut gives top 1% average of  4 261 per month it gives bottom 20% of earners an average of  5 per month…
it was a pleasure to have executive director of rhode island  acec_national marcel valois in the office today  rebu…
today  i spoke on behalf of  repespaillat s amendment to the higher ed bill that would give dreamers access to stud…
today we bowed our heads in a moment of silence in honor of christine loeber  jen golick  and jennifer gonzales  ma…
at the  weareunidosus capital awards dinner in dc where  jmurguia_unidos is welcoming guests to the 50th birthday c…
rt  ctmirrorpaz  for those of you keep score at home  no republican legislator asked richard a  robinson  the chief justice nominee  about…
learned all about the use of  mixed reality    the use of visual computers to train our future doctors from the exp…
john bolton s extreme  pro-war track record makes his appointment to be the next nsa a big step in the wrong direct…
rt  usrepkcastor  the trump gop wears its sabotage of americans  health care as a badge of honor  the truth  americans deserve lower cost…
  usao_nh   nh_statepolice  dea officials  me & ma police work diligently to get fentanyl & other dangerous drugs o…
rt  mnfarmersunion  clay co farmers union prez larry jacobsen will join  amyklobuchar &  collinpeterson  farm bill press conference today i…
republicans failed to end obamacare  but there s disheartening evidence they convinced their own voters that they d…
rt  senmarkey  the motion to proceed on my resolution to save net neutrality just passed  the final vote will be around 3 pm et  keep makin…
alan grayson on  joekennedy sotu response  everybody ought to be whatever they can be  everybody should reach their…
seven years ago today  the most damaging tornado in alabama history cut a mile-wide path through tuscaloosa  one of…
on monday  team doggett marched at the san antonio mlk march  and i spoke about the importance of  exercise - exerc…
rt  repgonzalez  welcomed over 40 rio grande valley community leaders with  repfilemonvela today as they advocate for south texas   rgvpart…
trump wants to cancel  15 billion of hard fought bipartisan compromise investments in vital federal programs  nearl…
photo of the day  volunteering with my staff at the north helpline food bank in mcdermott place 
 repjeffduncan  nc2fl2011 you voted for the tax cuts which will add  1 8 trillion to the debt per cbo 
and this cheshire resident couldn t be more proud of them for standing strong  national school walkout
 garywhite13  fla_pol  tomrooney  repdennisross  garywhite13 roll call doesn t count real estate  with nearly  200k…
have any republican politicians explained why they think millions of americans in middle-class households should pay more in taxes 
rt  votevets  exactly one year before the 2018 midterm elections  democrats are placing their bets on a new wave of military veteran candid…
the fact that some people love guns so much they believe children who were victims of a mass shooting would only su…
rt  fredhutch  our dr  nina salama tells  repdelbene that  nih investments she s championed in washington d c  are critical to research eff…
i joined my former colleague and longtime friend  jim turner  and his son   turnerfortx  who is about to be elected…
today  i am joining so many in selma for rev  dr  f d  reese s funeral  dr  reese was a friend  a mentor  and an am…
after adding  2 trillion to the deficit with their g o p tax scam  republicans now want to cut billions from vital stu…
rt  repcohen  cnn names memphis one of five great places to visit via  mbjmemphis memphis in may for music barbe…
 3/4  i ve co-sponsored the restricting first use of nuclear weapons act  which would enhance global stability and…
rt  conginst   the time to reform congress and our political system is now   there are already glimmers of hope that this reform is possibl…
ahead of cesar chavez day  the cesar chavez service clubs held a breakfast to honor the legacy of cesar chavez  jerr…
it was a pleasure to speak at the hestec latina day breakfast this morning  this was an opportunity to help   
rt  repbarragan  a 1500 ft setback of oil wells in urban areas will protect health and home values  my amendment would do just that 
just blasted do-nothing republican congress on house floor for refusing to address america s gun violence epidemic…
embarrassing that a nation as great as ours has resorted to funding our government for only weeks at a time  this i…
52 yrs ago today  we set out to march from selma to montgomery to dramatize to the nation that people of color were denied the right to vote
rt  seamuskirst  i interviewed congressman  joekennedy about the opioid crisis for  teenvogue  read it here 
 abbyg_b you heard wrong  were you there  i announced the donation of my book to students  unlike the gun lobby wh…
had the pleasure of delivering the keynote speech at this morning s middle market alliance of long island breakfast…
another sully in american aviation 
rt  ricksmithshow  as an indian-american of hindu faith  i was well-received in west virginia   reprokhanna
this week   judgetedpoe and i introduced a bill to protect the crime victims fund  the fund is the bedrock of suppo…
 kenleyneufeld all high school students  including home schooled students  are welcome to attend  they will need to…
deported veterans in tijuana finally have access to the benefits they earned through their service to our nation  t…
do you care about a free and open internet  join me for a community forum on net neutrality and media consolidation…
i posted a new photo to facebook
va community care press conference
rt  alexckaufman   reppaultonko  repgregwalden  frankpallone tonko is pressing pruitt on the  transparency  proposal  pruitt refuses to ans…
we remember and honor an extraordinary woman today  rosa parks day
he is asking american taxpayers to pay  25 billion to build an unnecessary wall & increase our military spending …
rt  umnext  we re u m n proud of bruce schwartau  a  umn_ext_cv leader with strong insights into minnesota economy 
rt  repcohen  great but consider some living african-americans who need commutations from harsh drug convictions health insurance s n a pmat…
in texas alone  on average women earn 79 cents for every dollar their male counterpart makes  the numbers are not…
the president promised mexico would pay for this wall   but he s now asking taxpayers to foot the bill  sotu
as co-chair of the congressional mongolian caucus  i had the pleasure of meeting with the new mongolian ambassador…
citing economic indicators that reflected continued growth from the last years of president obama s term   potus de…
delaney to host vietnam war commemoration and pinning ceremony november 8 in frederick  md6 
in california  our state laws work in concert with federal law  what we won t do is change from being focused on p…
continued revelations about scott pruitt s behavior confirm the obvious  he must resign  the gao has now found that…
if republicans want to fight poverty  one of the best investments we can make is in family planning  but instead th…
joining  senatorserrano at our annual black history month celebration 
authorities should focus on arresting criminals  not breaking up families  deporting hard working people who are pa…
what a great surprise  port washington resident and former air force 2 pilot matthew distefano and his wonderful fa…
rt  socal_redcross  emergency  red cross has less than 5-day blood supply on hand  donors urged to give now to meet patient needs 
america s workers deserve the tools to succeed in the 21st century economy – and we can get them those tools throug…
courts matter too much to confirm stuart kyle duncan 
ammunition background check act by the numbers  - 73%  americans who support background checks for all ammunition…
i was honored to speak at  blkwomenshealth s briefing yesterday on the life saving preventative care black women de…
rt  streetshares  congrats to veteran leaders  sanfordbishop  repbost  repjbridenstine  brownformd election2016 veterans day
rt  daveloebsack  it s not too late to register to vote  your voice matters  make sure your registration is current right now 
innovation lab at  spcnews seminole serves as launching pad for our next generation of programmers and engineers –…
eight years ago  the affordable care act became law  helping millions finally get covered and reducing costs for ev…
 elizadewey info anthonybrown com
deadline today  don t miss your chance to submit your public comment about the administration s offshore oil drilli…
as much as i love michigan superfans  repdebdingell and  johndingell  i can t wait to watch the ramblers beat the w…
rt  housebluedogs  today s balanced budget amendment vote symbolizes the fact that our nation s fiscal state is at the point of no return w…
earlier this morning  i called on attorney general sessions to resign 
presented the purple heart and other medals to the family of  usmc corporal william o malley  killed in action duri…
rt  hunger  aaron czyzewski  director of advocacy and public policy for  foodlifeline meets with  repjayapal   yesterday to discuss the fa…
only 4 days left to sign up for 2018 coverage at before the friday deadline  you may qualif…
rt  mrozwbfo    repjohnlewis on  louiseslaughter   she cared for the caretakers    she never gave up  she never gave in  she kept the faith…
rt  ricksmithshow  we need to respect the work people do  a man in wv told me his brother goes 6 feet underground to get coal so i can have…
rt  jerryzremski   louise always stood up for science and facts  what an unusual point to take in these times   -  hillaryclinton on louise…
i look forward to continuing my bipartisan work on this issue as we find new and effective ways to expand opportuni…
i want to congratulate democratic negotiators who got the best possible deal for the american people in the delayed fy2017 omnibus 
an accurate 2020 census is critical to our nation  and the political decision by the trump administration to add an…
last year   timkaine and i wrote to  potus to request the legal justification for the strike in syria in april 2017…
while i m extremely disappointed that the omnibus didn t include a  daca  solution or bolder steps to combat…
that s why one of my top priorities is to continue to resist & combat the dangerous regulatory rollbacks this admin…
rt  greghinz  tolls on the expressway -- like the kennedy  ryan and eisenhower    what  realdonaldtrump s infrastructure plan might mean f…
on  mlk50  i am reminded of king s visit to springfield and how his life and legacy shaped my own political aspirat…
rt  demsespanol  los maestros nos han enseñado a leer  a escribir y enseñado lecciones de vida que no están en los libros  ¡feliz día del m…
i was with  ltsanguinetti and  repkinzinger in joliet this morning to learn how local fishermen are helping prevent…
thankful for head start programs like grace emanuel in flint  investing in our kids is the best way to invest in o…
rt  chadpergram  a handful of school kids are now sledding on capitol hill amid the giant snowstorm  west front of the capitol  house side …
rt  housedemocrats  it s the 8th anniversary of the affordable care act becoming law  the result – historically low uninsured rate  protec…
energy  passion and conviction 
rt  nancypelosi    speakerryan &  housegop seem to have forgotten that americans will not stand for their attacks on medicare & social sec…
yesterday  long overdue justice was served  times up on letting anyone  even  america s dad  get away with sexual h…
for a former u s  attorney like giuliani to call the fbi  stormtroopers  and urge the attorney general to investiga…
happy birthday to my friend and ranking member on  edworkforcedems subcommittee on early childhood  elementary  and…
rt  rephastingsfl  i am mindful today of the trump administration s inhumane policy of separating immigrant mothers from their children at…
here are a few helpful tips for your holiday cooking 
rt  hfacdemocrats  rm  repeliotengel   kosovo is a democracy  that means issues are decided by elected members of the parliament—not by th…
let s get real  vote against g o p tax bill and let s do real tax reform that is deficit neutral at least  for our kid…
rt  housedemocrats  one year ago today   housegop and president trump celebrated their vote to take health care away from 22 million americ…
in the 21st century  access to a free and open internet isn t a privilege  it s a right  i m fighting for…
rt  rephastingsfl  i am mindful today of the trump administration s inhumane policy of separating immigrant mothers from their children at…
 what better way to celebrate our beautiful planet on earth day  the only home we have  with a visit to one of our…
rt  oif   repmikehonda introduces  don t block lgbtq act  to ensure access to info  the bill 
may is military appreciation month the u s  military is the greatest fighting force in history  and the men and wome…
this is outrageous  pruitt has to go  boot pruitt
rt  repteddeutch  last night  our community stood together with the mourning families  now  we must turn our thoughts and prayers into acti…
save this tweet  i ll expect this same interest in cooperation from you next year  when our committee finally puts…
tune in today at 4 pm for a conversation with high school students on gun violence 
listening to high school students at a future forum roundtable w/  congressmanraja and it s pretty clear they re no…
team peters joined temple adat shalom at a dedication ceremony for the holocaust memorial and teaching garden  whic…
rt  jtierney6  new   repschrader says he will support efforts to censure  realdonaldtrump over his comments blaming  both sides  in charlot…
a8  immigrant women & families need new laws that stand up for them  we must pass my help separated families act to…
breaking news  in white house mix-up  natl guard deploys against  jeffbezos  mattis   someone screwed with my order…
what s particularly disturbing is the cbo s analysis that the ahca will disproportionally affect   
congratulations to all contra costa schools being honored as california distinguished schools  this is a testament…
in 2012  the bottom 90 percent of americans reported a smaller income than in 1967 
thanks to the  aca   people can no longer be denied coverage because of a pre-existing condition & all families can…
gear up program helps students look up | thanksgiving thankful that gearupworks & great work that  edpartnerships
 potus immigrants are who make this country great  our democratic principles are what make this country great  and…
 1/2  this week s horrific chemical weapons attack was just the latest in a series of war crimes perpetrated by bas…
rt  alexpadilla4ca  while it s great news that trump must now resume accepting new daca applications  we have to do more to protect our dre…
travel for def & mil personnel is not a perk  often it is mandatory & imperative to our security  i m glad we addressed perdiem in  ndaa17 
thank you alcaldesa carmen yulin cruz for helping spread the word and thank you chicago for your continued suppor…
3/ after republicans passed the g o p tax scam  millionaire and billionaire donors made good on their promises --&gt …
rt  dberrygannett     natresources just approved a bill proposed by  benniegthompson that would make the home of the late civil rights acti…
rt  nmaahc  today  we celebrate the 50th anniversary of dr  martin luther king jr  s life and legacy   otd  in 1968  he was assassinated whi…
 icymi  in the immediate aftermath of the tragedy at marjory stoneman douglas high school   edworkforcedems sent a l…
rt  verainstitute   hopelessness is the enemy of justice  we must be persistent  we cannot give up  we won t end mass incarceration in this…
keeping you informed is important to me and my staff  be sure to add your name to the list 
rt  dhazadvocacy  thank you  reprubengallego for speaking with your constituents and the dignity health citizen academy graduation class  w…
happy thanksgiving to you and your family  wishing you all a safe and happy holiday 
great news   cta is taking next step in its selection of a contractor to design & build the  2 1 billion 1st phase…
today marks the 28th anniversary of  nasahubble  named after american astronomer edwin hubble  the world s 1st spac…
rt  housejuddems  rm  repjerrynadler   the music modernization act is supported by a broad coalition that includes songwriters and artists …
  marcorubio has refused to withdraw his dc gun bill  he wants to allow teens in dc to purchase assault rifles  lik…
how scotus rules in young v  ups will impact working women nationwide stand with peggy and all pregnant workers
march is national colorectal cancer awareness month  by educating people  increasing research funding and making me…
attention ventura county high school students  i m hosting student town hall on gun safety for you to share your pe…
this is a very important and welcome development for the bethpage community  we must continue to tackle this decade…
rt  housedemocrats  what moms need  quality  coordinated  woman-centered healthcare  what momsdontneed  continued attacks on the  aca    p… 
can you please wake up each day thinking about us instead of you 
teachers need more funding for educational materials  curriculum support  & school supplies  the focus needs to sta…
fattah leadership on brain science fattah announces increased neuroscience funding in fy16 omnibus via  yahoonews
students deserve to feel safe in school  we need common sense reforms including the requirement that all firearm s…
 epaoig things got worse for pruitt in february when reporters started to uncover his litany of expensive taxpayer-…
did you hear omaha s south 24th street was designated as one of  apa_planning 2016 great places in america  i m gla…
today we commemorate the 103rd anniversary of the armenian genocide  one of the most tragic events of the 20th cent…
dr  james west is  making black history every day  as the creator of the most widely used microphone in society tod…
we cannot keep playing partisan games with the safety of our families and the future of a project that affects roug…
rt  crewcrew  scott pruitt is trying to fix his ethical nightmare with…another ethical nightmare
 calnatvesd we can certainly see what my office can do to help  give us a call at 619-280-5353
rt  mlhale_  productive conversation with  repbradashford today on cybersecurity matters at  unomaha as part of his cybersecurity round-tab…
sarah t  hughes was among the first woman elected to the texas legislature  she served 3 terms in the  texashouse …
i just sent a 22-page comment letter to the trump administration  detailing the plethora of reasons why opening ca…
rt  sengillibrand  this is an important time to talk about this wh and whether they value women  because  consistently  their actions tell…
rt  nrdems  breaking  the trump admin is moving the country closer to opening the arctic refuge to drilling  house dems sent a letter to  …
rt  rosadelauro  the ideas democrats are pushing for aren t controversial  we should be helping our veterans  we should be fighting the opi…
las personas que cuentan con  tps  son inmigrantes con estatus legal  los cuales han sido sometidos a investigacione…
in 1916  the four students of the first graduating class of mckinley high school in baton rouge became the first af…
rt  ceasefirepa  one of our own got shot down and we still did nothing  -  repbrady reflecting on inaction after shooting of  gabbygiffords…
rt  cspanwj  icymi  chair of the gun violence prevention task force  repthompson  d-ca  discussed gun violence prevention legislation
rt  housejuddems  🚨  breaking  🚨 conyers & cummings demand top  trump  campaign consultants disclose details of campaign data operations
nothing could be more important than ensuring that all workers receive equal pay for equal work  on average  women…
today i participated in a  nationalaction panel on education in the era of trump  our nation s public schools are u…
meeting with habitat for humanity in whatcom county for a briefing on passive home residences recently built by the…
there are only five days left to get covered at - find a plan that works for you and your f…
this tax day big corporations & the top 5% are getting huge tax breaks  while g o p tax scam cuts crucial benefits for…
donald trump is now announcing wars on twitter  the people - through their congressional representatives - are the…
donna clarissa medina lozada  a bell high school junior  won the people s choice award in the lucille roybal-allard…
rt  repdianadegette  on equal pay day  we confront the double burden of sexism & racism in the fight to achieve pay equity  women on average…
rt  necouncil    repjoekennedy speaks passionately about his support for  lgbtq  rights  capital conversations
well done  ahsravens  👏👏👏end gun violence
to all the students across the country walking out and demanding change  we hear you  together  you are powerful  k…
reality  the g o p tax scam is bad policy that widens the already large gap between billionaires and the middle class …
it s a perfect day to receive the legislative leader award from the  nationalhumane society  animal protection and…
rt  repcummings  it s time to send a clear message on the 2020 census that everyone counts  an undercount will hurt people in red states to…
this expansion agreement will result in significant new investment that will allow the port to create new jobs and…
these racist and offensive comments reflect president trump s complete disregard for common decency  immigrants fro…
the use of chemical weapons on innocent civilians is a war crime  we need an international response to bring the pe…
rt  votinginfo  new york voters  the primary election for state lawmakers is today  find your polling place at  ny… 
there s something different about the current movement to end gun violence  the people leading it are the ones most…
today we remember the millions of lives senselessly lost and those who survived  on holocaust remembrance day  we r…
the passing of congresswoman louise slaughter leaves a tremendous void  not only in congress  but among her family…
next weekend  sxsw  i m hosting a panel with  axios cofounder  mikeallen and voting rights expert  rickhasen for a…
as an american  a veteran  and a member of the armed services committee  i am very disappointed in this announcemen…
while  housegop has passed special-interest bills  they have refused to bring up key bills that americans support & would help millions  1/
bolton was runner up to atilla the hun  until they realized atilla the hun wasn t available  bolton
special counsel mueller and his team must be able to continue their investigation without interference from the adm…
america has come a long way since selma  but we still have a long way to go  i support voting rights now  restore the v r a  vra50 
great to meet with some  md02  firefighters from the international association of fire fighters this afternoon …
rt  officialcbc  cbc chairman  reprichmond    realdonaldtrump s  shithole  comments are further proof that his make america great again age…
what a great day in the canyon to take a tour of the detroit dam  the us army corps works hard to manage this dam f…
the privilege was all mine  congrats again and best of luck on your doctoral program 
rt  julie_siebel  congratulations  repmaloney  repmaloney the 2018  juniorleague mary harriman award recipient  be fearless take risks  jla… 
rt  repcummings  it s time to send a clear message on the 2020 census that everyone counts  an undercount will hurt people in red states to…
rt  johnbrennan  today  donald trump simultaneously lied about the iranian nuclear deal  undermined global confidence in us commitments  al…
rt  vicenews  things got heated when rep   rosadelauro​ took betsy devos to task on the department of education s potential plan to preempt…
house gop leaders drag their feet while lives remain in limbo  it s past time for the house to debate bipartisan…
 never lose sight of the fact that the most important yardstick of your success will be how you treat other people …
i am pleased to announce my bill to name the vallejo post office in honor of janet capello was signed into law 
good luck tonight  sfgiants   nlds  beli e v e n
during today s  fy19ndaa  markup i will push for a bill that best protects u s  national security  women & men in mi…
the film industry is a boon to ga s economy  to pass a law so blatantly discriminatory doesn t just threaten our ec…
today is tax day  as hardworking americans are doing their taxes  it s clear that the g o p tax scam will overwhelming…
instead of improving infrastructure in our national parks for more people to enjoy  trump would rather scapegoat im…
we will closely monitor any changes that  betsydevosed tries to make to the borrower defense rule & look forward to…
honored to be presented with the humane advocate award for my 100% score on animal protection legislation from the…
touring  soundtransit s northgate link light rail station that will open in 2021  the federal spending package trip…
have you rsvped yet for our community youth program expo this saturday  hope to see you there 
rt  repdonbeyer  the second pruitt hearing just started  in her opening statement  my colleague  bettymccollum04 looked pruitt in the eye a…
whether it s vocational training or a college degree  education should not be cost-prohibitive for anyone 
village of south holland mayor don a  de graff   the system is broken  we need a master plan to take care of the so…
👍
rt  aaronolver  thanks  whiphoyer &  repmarkpocan for visiting  uwmadisonurp on the make it in america tour & experiencing breakthrough tech…
hard-working wisconsinites prevailed  thank you to all who reached out to my office to express their concerns re  the pay more for less bill 
rt  congressionalac  congrats again to the  congressionalac winner from illinois 🎉📱these young tech innovators are changing our 🌎 one app a…
join me at a town hall meeting/community roundtable on gun violence prevention tomorrow in coney island enough
rt  danmulhall  history says  don t hope on this side of the grave  but then  once in a lifetime the longed-for tidal wave of justice can r…
my mother was my greatest teacher  a teacher of love  compassion & fearlessness  that s why it was my pleasure to m…
remember when the  housegop wanted to eliminate the teacher s deduction in the g o p tax scam to help pay for a corpor…
honor with action never again
19 years have passed since the horrific shooting at columbine  since then  there have been 85 school shootings  2…
rt  shiringhaffary  members of congressional black caucus speaking at lyft hq today about diversity and inclusion in tech  rep waters in pa…
if you re in the stockton area  i hope you can stop by my open house this evening  i ll be hosting the event at my…
standing in solidarity with the people of  s-hole  countries  state of the union
the start of spring in d c     not quite like hawaii stay safe and warm 
thanks to eagle academy for young men of newark for inviting me over today  eagle academy is participating in the s…
this bill seems more of a tax-cut bill than a health care bill  medical costs including premiums & deductibles are shown to go up 
we need to do a better job at fighting sexual harassment in the workplace  read what  senwarren and i have to say 
clean drinking water is a basic human right  and yet four years later—in the richest country in the world—flint fa…
you were promised the swamp would be drained  it s been flooded 
rt  repswalwell  live shot of pruitt out buying milk
hoping everyone enjoyed a happy and peaceful passover and easter sunday full of family  friends  and great food 
robocalls are on the rise  last month  we passed a bill to crack down on callers impersonating the irs  and we ll k…
on  cspanwj  speaking as the first indian-american woman in the house  a caller asked   is the congresswoman hersel…
happy 381st birthday to the proud men and women of the  nationalguard  thank you for your selfless service and sacrifices 
rt  211lacounty  public hearing on proposed closure of long beach community medical center on wed  april 11  2018 from 6pm-9pm at 4101 e  w…
there s not much to celebrate in new jersey on tax day  middle class families are being ripped off by the…
there s nothing  small  about the impact of small biz on the american economy  they have created 40% of all new job…
less than a week after the sotu  realdonaldtrump is back to name-calling on twitter  if the president put this much…
rt  sxmprogress  live   reptedlieu /  tedlieu is speaking w/  msignorile all about trump s plan to militarize the southern border  scott p…
at this rate  if congress doesn t act  women won t see pay equity until 2119  it s time for congress to pass the…
rt  nancypelosi  tune in as democrats join students for today s enough is enough d m v event at the capitol  never again
this year s diwali on the hill was an enlightening experience  i am honored to have been able to celebrate the holi…
rt  drembassy  participación embajador josé tomás pérez en mesa redonda organizada por congresista adriano espaillat/impacto para rd de med…
rt  mayorbowser  aaron king  thank you for your courage  as you stated  students shouldn t be worried about their safety at school  we th…
raise the wage net neutrality medicare4 all assault weapons ban voting rights jobs holding trump responsible for th…
my team is here to help new jersey families get what they have earned and cut through the bureaucracy  i want anyon…
just last week   hudgov released a proposal that would 3x the minimum rent that the poorest americans pay for feder…
tonight  we lost former first lady barbara bush  mrs  bush was a passionate woman who loved our country as much as…
rt  nprpolitics  the supreme court is set to decide three major cases this term that could shape politics for the next decade
thank you for the warm welcome   mayoroflasvegas  i look forward to working with you and the entire council to comb…
rt  citypgh  happy pittsburgh black & gold day  on this day in 1899 pittsburgh chose black & gold as its colors with the adoption of its fl…
the sooner this loon is out of the oval office  the safer the entire world will be  the president of the united sta…
right now   walbweather reports that irma will reach  swga  next week with ts strength winds 
rt  repbillfoster    realdonaldtrump has denied the science of climatechange and let  epascottpruitt gut environmental regulations  it s d…
 vra  was indeed a vital instrument of democracy  ensuring integrity & reliability of democratic process we as a cou…
rt  vtstatearchives  todays document 60 years ago this month   jaypeakresort had its official opening  as documented by the vermont develop…
rt  eicpittsburgh  thank you  whiphoyer and  usrepmikedoyle for stopping by the eic today on the  make it in america tour  
special thanks to  cissanantonio and a tricentennial event for organizing this program dedicated to providing suppo…
watch video & decide urself if that s what i said i suprt skills tng for retrning citizns join me visit a correctio…
this week  in front of a room full of banking lobbyists  mick mulvaney confirmed what many americans already knew …
rt  uconn  uconn would like to assure students who have applied or been admitted to the university that disciplinary action associated with…
don t let a busy life on election day get in the way of voting - vote early 
american people want congress to do your job  end gun violence in our community  give us a vote  close the loophole gun vote disarm hate
rt  hispaniccaucus  deported veterans stood up for their country and put their lives on the line  now  we have to ensure they receive the b…
rt  lasdhq   breaking  a person is being detained in the area of the 1600 blk pch  harbor city that may possibly be the person of interest s…
inspired at this morning s democratic caucus meeting to hear from student activists from marjory stoneman douglas high school  never again
we all rely on the internet — to apply for jobs  further our education  stay in touch with our family and friends …
debate begins today on a new constitutional amendment requiring a balanced budget  but since gop already passed tax…
we mounted major push for fl & pr to get fed disaster relief education funding  pr just got  600m but fl still need…
rt  officialcbc  this is exactly why we push so hard  amazon s board believed that even the consideration of ethnically diverse candidates…
let s end the terrible uncertainty that these hardworking young men and women are dealing with now  and have the co…
african americans account for 44% of all new hiv infections each year but comprise just 12% of the u s  population …
time for  potus to work w/ congress to fund these recommendations on a scale that matches severity of this public h…
early am briefing at brookings fire camp chetco bar fire
as someone who ll be negotiating the final defense bill  i ll be fighting to protect transgender servicemembers 
i m proud of the students and educators who are continuing to make gun safety a national priority  today  on the an…
rt  rvivian370  at the pulse memorial this morning representing  repdarrensoto  it was a beautiful ceremony honoring the victims and famili…
today is the first day of the open enrollment period  visit and get covered 
couldn t agree more  i ve been trained in narcan and i carry it with me in my car everywhere i go  it s easy to lea…
deadline alert  today s the last day for the federal government to accept public comments on their plans to allow…
rt  orioles  tonight we pause for a moment of silence in memory of baltimore county executive kevin kamenetz  birdland
i deeply regret to learn about the closing of atco-gary metal technologies and the impact this has on all the emplo…
rt  caucusonclimate  no matter what trump does or tweets  the  caucusonclimate is still in the paris agreement 
i m a very proud dad today  fifteen years later and today my child has graduated from the university of maryland …
rt  mariabartiromo  big show tmrw  start smart 6-9am  dagenmcdowell  freemanwsj  petehegseth  bankofamerica  repgaramendi  giannocaldwell…
happy teacher appreciation day  i m so thankful to america s teachers for educating our children  serving as role mo…
i want to particularly applaud the constant dedication of fema region ix admin fenton and  caloes_dir director ghil…
rt  thenyjl  congratulations to our very own  nyjl  volunteer  repmaloney who is being honored today with the mary harriman community leader…
long speech with few policy proposals  very few that will have bipartisan support   sotu 
despite being the wealthiest nation to ever exist  we have somehow failed to put food in everyone s mouths  it shou…
attended  transportdems markup this morning on legislation addressing the opioid crisis  natural disaster response …
pleased to see a third federal judge reject the trump administration s decision to end daca  but it s still on spea…
today fema announced it is ending aid to puerto rico   sotu2018   sotu 
rt  repdwightevans  this week  i joined the pennsylvania delegation to discuss the opioid epidemic and its effect on children entering fos…
rt  jbendery   i wish speaker ryan well   says dem  rep  cheri bustos   but i really wish i could offer congratulations to him on a job wel…
clean drinking water should be a basic human right  4 yrs later  flint families still have to use water filters or…
see you saturday  enoughis enough not one more marchfor our lives natick
rt  repkarenbass  incredible  republicans have shut the government down for the second time in less than one month despite being in charge…
rt  civildefensehi  cd msg-5/15 10am  hvo  rock falls/gas explosions   halemaumau crater  ash across kau dist  along hwy 11 to pahala  driv…
  momsdemand and  sdbradycampaign joined forces to launch san diegans for gun violence prevention  i applaud their…
rt  nowthisnews  rep  joe kennedy had some choice words for paul ryan about the gop health care bill
today we commemorate the 50th anniversary of the assassination of dr  martin luther king  jr  he was committed to a…
 repbeatty thank you 
the ways and means committee is meeting this morning with  hhsgov secretary alex azar to discuss the 2019budget  w…
the second-place piece   images of adeline   by adeline schwartz will hang in rep  cicilline s washington dc office…
catch me live on  koinnews this morning  talking about the work my bipartisan problem solvers caucus is doing this…
hoping that my friend   repanthonybrown  has a quick and full recovery 
circumventing the constitution and denying girls access to their protected rights to health care  including abortion  is wrong and unlawful 
rt  housejuddems  this is big news   usgao will investigate  potus s  voter fraud  commission  thanks to  senbennetco   amyklobuchar  &  co…
  repcleaver  i stand with  repwilson in the fight to bring back our girls 
a week ago  the lives of the students in parkland  fl were forever changed  these brave young people are speaking…
  tamusanantonio will hold a patriot cord ceremony to honor graduating students who previously or currently serve i…
rt  bobbyscott  president trump has jeopardized americans  health coverage   sotu  protect our care
rt  nbcnews  more than a year after content was removed  there are still no resources on the small business administration s  lgbt outreach…
rt  housesbcdems   lgbtq  americans are growing small businesses across the country & deserve our support  that s why  nydiavelazquez and  r…
rt  repadamschiff  local news stations now required by sinclair broadcasting to parrot the talking points of the president  moving america…
speaking of a better deal  have you all seen  housegop  s devastating budget  they should go back to the drawing board 
despite  housegop lies  the trump tax scam was almost designed to hurt new jerseyans  i won t let them put lipstick…
rt  nyhomeless   icymi   today we joined  nydiavelazquez  repjeffries  repespaillat  cmreynoso34  tishjames & other advocates  tenants  and…
rt  congressmanraja    speakerryan may want to spend some more time talking with everyday folks – clearly  he must be confused about what t…
in recent years  we ve made real progress to end veteran homelessness and hunger  let s honor veterans by finishin…
i will be holding town hall meetings in bandon and coos bay tomorrow  check out the full schedule here 
live  watch our state of the district address  sinema so t d
rt  reploisfrankel  i appreciate the bipartisan effort of senate democrats and republicans to craft a budget  but without a firm commitment…
we are tri delta
today  republicans busted those spending caps & gleefully celebrated adding  1 5 trillion to the deficit for massiv…
19 years after the horrific shooting at columbine  we remember the victims & survivors  the devastation of this sen…
celebrate earth day by reading my latest newsletter for subscribers wherein i discuss my wish for earth day2018  a…
my wife libby & i are lifelong advocates for education  education brings opportunity  & we invest in our future whe…
rt  nydiavelazquez  enormous blackout has once again crippled puerto rico underscoring vital need to rebuild & improve the energy infrastru…
this weekend  robotics teams from  lasvegasacademy   cimarronspartan  sierra vista hs & lake mead christian academy…
important message from  repdankildee   dont forget flint - & don t forget the trillion    promise from candidate t…
republicans drink truth serum and admit that g o p tax scam is meant to appease wealthy donors 👉…
women must have access to comprehensive reproductive healthcare services  it is deeply disturbing to me that reprod…
rt  fortunemagazine   i m a congressman and a veteran  trump s transgender military ban isn t just unconstitutional—it s stupid
the card act  which i authored  holds credit card companies accountable & protects consumers from unfair practices …
proud to serve with the diverse group of talented public servants of the democratic freshman class of the 115th con…
how many times  sessions hearing sessions testimony
i joined  repmarkpocan for this week s magic monday and to discuss the value of magic and magicians  mark joined me…
proud to stand with brave students – from florida & across the u s  – demanding action to end gun violence …
science should not be subject to political interference from this administration  gagging our researchers only puts…
we re all very proud of you  jdeanwilliams  thank you for all of your work on behalf of the families of the 17th co…
let s listen to president reagan  we need real immigration reform that reflects our history  our values  and the on…
we need better treatment for chronicpain  veterans want medical marijuana  deptvetaffairs needs a clinical study
rosa parks  legacy and example is more important than ever  don t be afraid to raise your voice or stand your groun…
the recently released farm bill is yet another  gop  attack on the social safety net under the guise of fiscal respo…
join me today for a public forum to discuss student loan relief  my bill action for national service  and more 
today s national prescription drug take back day  which is an opportunity for all americans to safely dispose unuse…
one of the few things republicans and democrats agree on is that trump s tariffs are ill-conceived and very likely…
my interview w  aljazeera  ajam re  vote 2 auth  mil  support 4 syrian opposition i was only wastate member 2 vote no
one of the best examples of principle and courage i ve seen in a while  and remember  this guy was appointed by…
rt  ericholder  to reform america s prisons we must change the laws that send too many people to them in the first place-for no good law en…
as a co-chair of the congressional caucus on foster youth  i am glad to join my colleagues in welcoming  drphil and…
rt  sharedhope  thank you arizona legislators for working to pass  fosta   sesta   senjohnmccain  jeffflake  repsinema
rt  kwelkernbc  in a dinner w/ military officials  potus says  this is the calm before the storm   when i asked  what storm   he replied  …
 bdegan polls close at 8 pm - only 90 minutes to get out the vote for mike  go team mike  masen
relying on courts to save dreamers is a cop out and a lot of people are left out  for the ones who can renew their…
packed room at today s  restonchamber 6th annual b2g conference  great event showcasing the ways in which the fed g…
no community is immune to the opioid crisis threatening america s homes and families  we must all work together to…
rt  biaamerica  it s brain injury awareness day  we re heading to the  uscapitol to take action and increase awareness of braininjury  look…
our military leaders have declared the need for more aid in puerto rico  and local officials are begging for our he…
rt  ezraklein  in 2016 more than 63 600 americans died of drug overdoses  that s up from about 52 400 in 2015 
i have also had the opportunity to share the library s reserve collection of books with  az01  libraries and public…
can t wait to see what  spcnews can do with  1 5m  nsf grant to help diversify  stem  workforce – giving pinellas st…
latest taxtalk blog post is up -- discussing the  jctgov score and some of the many harmful provisions in the bill
be sure to rsvp for my family matters community resource fair tomorrow  come receive free and supportive services f…
thanks for hosting me and  reptomreed   mwconsulting 
america is at our best when we lead based on our principles  we have seen a lot of mixed messages from the white ho…
we in california and the san joaquin valley know just how important dairy farming  farmers  and farm workers are t…
the ever-growing web of connections between the president s inner circle and russian officials is no coincidence  u…
women have been held back  shoved down  and sidelined throughout history  nevertheless  they have persisted  on int…
aapi women have to work 2 extra months to earn what a white man earns in a year  today is a a p i equal pay day  where…
rt  njbiz  u s  rep  josh gottheimer  d-5th district  received the u s  chamber of commerce s spirit of enterprise award at a ceremony tues…
rt  sendougjones  voting is the core of our democracy  but too often people face barriers accessing the ballot box  that s why i m joining…
 ms02  has over 57 000 households receiving snap   realdonaldtrump s budget proposal cutting snap s funding by 30% i…
make no mistake  our workforce is the best in the nation  to all of the la county employees who attended today s bo…
rt  housedemocrats    repbobbyrush joined the mayor of chicago at the opening of the new train terminal on 95th street in chicago  dems at w…
tom and the trades  i ve visited different job sites this year to highlight good-paying  high-skilled jobs in the d…
today is the final day for south jersey high school students to submit their artwork for the 2018 congressional art…
i m glad to see bipartisan efforts gaining momentum in the senate and support a similar initiative in the house  co…
i ll join  msnbc tomorrow morning   9 10amet/8 10amct for a conversation on trump s withdrawal from the iran deal …
trump is clearly trying to send a message with his pardon of scooter libby – he has no issue with rewarding those w…
only 5 days left to sign up for 2018 coverage on before the december 15 deadline  thanks to…
last year  the average working woman earned 80 cents for every dollar earned by a man in the same role  we must con…
thank you   montefrankct and team26 for fighting for stronger gun safety laws and standing with dc to protect our…
rt  edworkforcedems  ranking member  repjerrynadler   the report shows that race plays a significant role in discipline disparities with st…
 promesa  ya es ley 
asking about citizenship on the 2020 census will only suppress participation and hurt states like new york  we nee…
on sunday at 5pm  i ll be on politically speaking on  nbcsandiego to discuss san diego students who are taking a st…
👉 enjoyed discussion w  usfsptiedemann mba students re economics of empowering women  families  lift wages  these s…
rt  repcummings  it s time to send a clear message on the 2020 census that everyone counts  an undercount will hurt people in red states to…
yesterday s visit with  fresno_state d r e a mers - to listen to these young people and let them know we will continue…
if confirmed  another chemical weapons attack by bashar al-assad s regime against its own people would be a war cri…
when we invest in medical research we invest in the lives of people and their long-term health  the news about lung…
it s been 45 years since roevwade protected a woman s constitutional right to have an abortion  although  potus  an…
everything we heard about the g o p tax scam helping working americans was a lie  now  the  housegop is moving forward…
today is the 5th anniversary of the violence against women reauthorization act  which is critical for ending the vi…
withdrawing from iranian nuclear deal could be catastrophic both for the stability of the middle east  and for the…
welcome to philadelphia  axalta  i am excited for your global innovation center and the promise it brings  axalta at the yard
  gop s proposed cuts to  snap  are a cruel way to pay for tax cuts to millionaires  all communities  including 10m…
rt  nancypelosi  we are 4 days away from another g o pshutdown   housegop  will you do your job and keep the government open 
at today s  waysandmeansgop hearing  chairman brady cited a  uscbo report on the g o p tax scam that he says confirms…
rt  madisonsiriusxm  on air  congressman charles rangel discussing a bill meant to abolish the electoral college   cbrangel
scott pruitt s short tenure as administrator of  epa has been marred by a series of scandals & marked by a retreat…
today we honor those killed in the line of duty at the national peace officers memorial including  lvmpd ofcr  char…
rt  _mealsonwheels  seniors in massachusetts and across the country are grateful for  repmcgovern who is a champion for the millions who re…
i m on the floor right now demanding  housegop &  senategop step up  do their jobs  & create a comprehensive plan t…
on earth day & every day  let us commit to conserving our precious  limited natural resources & promote sustainable…
after honorably and patriotically serving the only country they ve ever known  these individuals would be eligible…
rt  chefjefflive  ceos are starting to listen - if you re an organization that needs a new way to look at the hiring practices of felons  i…
yesterday  i hosted a productive meeting between members of  uscensusbureau  officials from  cityoflaredotx includi…
rt  gregchenaila    hispaniccaucus calls on doj and eoir to reverse its decision to impose production quotas and case completion deadlines…
access to paid leave shouldn t depend on where you live or work  we need a national standard--pass the f a m i l y act 
the democratic memo should be immediately released with appropriate redactions to protect national security so the…
another scary and tragic morning for these students  teachers and families  thank you to the senior resource office…
calling all creative high school students in northwest oregon  you have just three days left to submit artwork for…
rt  fscdems  the  cfpb s 2013 guidance on indirect auto lending was issued to provide clarity to lenders & protectconsumers from lendingdi…
rt  energycommerce  democrats are working hard to protect our care against the trump administration s sabotage of affordable healthcare  htt…
the parade act ensures that  potus cannot spend millions & millions of taxpayer dollars on a military parade that s…
despite strong opposition from the public against efforts to undermine the aca   gop is chipping away at our health…
rt  whiphoyer  thank you  repstephmurphy for your leadership & commitment to ensuring that the  cdcgov can research gun violence  it is an…
  aclu  brennancenter &  conpro on why usa liberty act must be amended to protect americans  constitutional rights …
reports indicate  epascottpruitt received a condo lease for below market rate from lobbyists w/ interests the  epa…
congratulations to  sdsu  forbes confirmed what we already knew  sdsu is an amazing university and i m proud to hav…
d r e a mers  hoy es la fecha límite de renovación  ahora  más que nunca tenemos que aprobar la ley del d r e a m act
honored to be with you all tonight celebrating the anniversary for the passage of the 2nd chance act 
thread  went on  ingrahamangle tonight  she tries to prove that trump was right to say mexican immigrants are typi…
new letter to  secretaryzinke opposing maryland offshoredrilling   should oil and gas development be permitted in…
at 2 00am  in the early hours of the morning with hardly anyone watching  the senate passed its tax reform plan tha…
the legendary  carole_king was on capitol hill yesterday to discuss a wilderness protection bill  which i ve cospon…
my friend  my mentor  my colleague  repjohnlewis speaking words of truth to indianapolis  kennedy king50
today i will be voting no on the g o p tax scam  the fact is that all it will do is kill jobs  explode the deficit  g…
rt  reprichardneal  you can t upend the tax system without creating serious problems – & we re already seeing the g o p tax scam creating many…
rt  nowthisnews   in order to justify raising social security  it is important for [republicans] to characterize poor people as lazy and sl…
go zags   zagmbb n c a a tourney
it was a joy to spend time with layla today as part of  take our daughters to congress day  organized by  wcpi_inst…
this saturday  i ll be announcing the winner of the 2018 congressional art competition  this year  you can help us…
sec  mnuchin claims he has the authority to respond to this latest form of gaming  but the truth is that the carrie…
while in washington for the community college national legislative summit   gototcc president jim murdaugh and  tcc… 
finally  someone in the gop admits what everybody knew all along – the g o p tax scam actually increases the deficit …
honored to speak at this year s  equalityfl st  pete gala – celebrating victories and recommitting to protect our p…
rt  tdonline  usda secretary uses famu visit to promote interest in agricultural careers
rt  sandburghs  thanks to  replipinski for coming out to present a very special award to  kendallcoyne
like most people in the trump administration  scott pruitt only cares about himself & his corporate pals  putting…
such a joy to have you both in my office today  thanks to you and obai for being such fantastic and thoughtful lead…
but when the supreme court took this case last year  the delaware lottery began preparing for the possibility that…
it s been 17 days since trump decided to not sanction russia  since then  he s released the nunes memo  stopped the…
saddened by the news out of san bruno today  our hearts are with the victims and their families and pray for a full…
fattah moment in congress /after receiving  15m in funding  center city district begins renovation of dilworth plaza
while i am deeply concerned by speaker ryan s decision to hold a vote on a 2 232 page must-pass spending bill less…
hunger in america is a decision  we live in the richest country in the world at the richest time in our history  no…
thank you to members of the delaware house of representatives for their bipartisan vote to approve the beau biden g…
a year ago it was proven once again that the electoral college has outlived its usefulness  notmaga 
icymi  want to visit washington  d c   the congressional art competition is underway  if you d like to participate…
shooting an innocent  unarmed man in the back is not police work  it s murder  justice for stephon clark
one of my greatest honors as a congressman is recognizing the service and sacrifices of heroes in our community – l…
data is a key asset to delaware  and with events like the open data challenge s  datajam  today at the university o…
rt  marissamfox5   repjohnlewis tells me he s going to sit at airport and wait for info on delays for processing iranian families returning…
 sam_senders no better place in the world 
john kelly s comments against immigrants are revolting and shameful  has he forgotten he s descended from irish and…
does a dds give you license to be an uninformed bigot  asking for a colleague 
proud to stand up for net neutrality  and be an original cosponsor of the h j res 129  this resolution is congress …
today i met with  aipac members from alabama  thank you to all the young leaders who ve come to washington this wee…
rt  peterroskam  today i introduced the bipartisan truth in tuition act with  repcartwright 
earlier today  i spoke on the house floor to urge support for my bipartisan bill  promoting women in the aviation w…
in 2015 ned brooks donated a kidney to someone he didn t know  which set off a chain of people who were freed from…
today i m celebrating the one year anniversary of the dedication of the birmingham civil rights national monument …
hello everyone  i m hosting a veterans resource fair this saturday  november 18  11 00am at piquette square  plea…
rt  nancypelosi    speakerryan  americans want us to disarm hate with commonsense gun reform  not an  nra-written bill 
thank you for having me 
please drive carefully on the roads this morning & stay safe 
joining panel discussion on gun violence and school safety at  msmacademy enoughisenough
my thoughts today are with the brave passengers and amazing pilot and crew of  southwestair flight 1380  my prayer…
what does a better deal for public housing mean  -safe housing for millions of hardworking families -increased resi…
rt  shannonyoung413    reprichardneal optimistic about reaching bipartisan infrastructure agreement m apoli
rt  aclufl  a latina loses more than 1 million dollars over her career to the wage gap  this is lost pay  time  and quality of life  latin…
today  i wrote to  betsydevosed opposing  usedgov s proposal to delay the equity in idea rule  that rule was put in…
the  realdonaldtrump administration s complete disregard for – and abuse of – taxpayer dollars is insulting …
rt  foe_us  today  repjohnlewis offered amendment to tax bill to protect the johnson amendment—a move that would keep churches from becomin…
rt  repdankildee  four years later  flint families are still recovering from the water crisis and having to use filters & bottled water  in…
rt  vetaffairsdems  trump should spend less time undermining 2020census & focus on questions that matter   uscensusbureau  if we are to se…
had a great visit to  sesamerica where i toured the facility  met their workers and learned a little more about why…
rt  thecaguard  congresswoman  gracenapolitano talks with cadets at sunburst youth academy as the class 21 family day kicks off at joint fo…
rt  housedemocrats  in this week s democratic address   repjohnlewis urges republicans to join democrats in taking simple steps now to end…
honored to host darius livingston  1st african american polk fire dept captain  in washington today   theledger…
rt  josue_s_h  i had the honor of speaking with  repalgreen and sharing my experience as a dreamer today  protect dreamers  daca 
it s military appreciation month  this may  we honor the tens of millions of americans who risk their lives to prot…
planning a visit to dc  we can help you and your ohana schedule tours of the us capitol  library of congress & more 
rt  nrdems  breaking  the trump admin is moving the country closer to opening the arctic refuge to drilling  house dems sent a letter to  …
i m proud to work w  capac  led by  repjudychu  to expand economic opportunity  ensure access to health care & educ…
be sure to take advantage of national park week by taking time to explore nevada s natural wonders at  lakemeadnps…
this ruling marks a victory for d r e a mers across the country but it is far from a true  daca  fix  congress must put…
over the next ten years  80% of careers will require a deep understanding of stem skills  we need to increase the p…
i m here at my open house listening to questions from my constituents  real solutions start in rooms like this 
 let us rise up tonight with a greater readiness  let us stand with a greater determination  and let us move on in…
 realdonaldtrump so much for his promise that he wouldn t have time to play golf as president  /4
  healthcaregov open enrollment begins next week  not sure where to start  visit my website for faqs and tips …
this week i was a guest on congressional corner with alan chartock on  wamcradio  we discussed the g o p tax scam and…
2 4 million women—*and men—receive vital health services from planned parenthood each year  senate trumpcare eliminates their support 
climatechange increases heat waves  severe storms  air pollution & the spread of disease  yet many of trump s cron…
and they aren t even good at public relations  americans deserve better than polluting pruitt 
from what we understand about the new agreement with south korea  there are some small measures of progress  but we…
i toured the incredible  gix_edu campus today to learn more about how they re bringing universities and companies t…
confirmed by  uscbo  the current tax proposal will trigger a  25 billion cut to medicare next year alone and over  …
yesterday  while china announced they were no longer buying soybeans from the u s  due to trump s reckless trade wa…
trump is trying to corrupt the 2020 census by adding questions of citizenship  we need an accurate account of every…
the board of supervisors will soon vote on whether to create an independent oversight commission for la county prob…
the  houseforeign affairs committee just passed the  us-israel security assistance authorization act   a bill i int…
we deserve to know why  speakerryan fired father conroy  house chaplain was asked to resign  he still doesn t know…
i m joining my  seec colleagues to call for water infrastructure investments  like updating waste and stormwater sy…
rt  marybridgeman3   drdenagrayson  msugogreen91  alangrayson one of the best things that ever happened in fla   run alan run❗️
as students go back to school this week  here is a tbt to a classroom visit with white center heights elementary 
submit your apps to the  congressionalac app challenge by nov 2  today  houseof code  cac 
wishing everyone a happy and safe christmas holiday 
in march we learned the state department office tasked with countering foreign propaganda and disinformation had ye…
thanks to everyone who attended my eau claire listening session on saturday  i appreciated hearing your thoughts an…
last night  i was honored to join rep  judy chu in celebrating asian americans advancing justice la s 33rd annivers…
dismantling the deal – particularly without any alternative in place – puts our country and our allies at risk and…
rt  repdonbeyer  my friend  repdebdingell asks scott pruitt a series of tough questions about his actions to weaken protections from toxic…
mahalo to  whitehouseaapi &  potus for including parts of the 1st bill i intro d in congress  the filipino veterans family reunification act
rt  transportdems  check out water resources & environment subcommittee ranking member  gracenapolitano s opening statement during today s…
thank you to the brave hamburg & franklin firefighters for keeping our community safe  i m committed to fighting fo…
i want to hear directly from you how we can bring more jobs to our state  and then work together to make it happen  sinema so t d
rt  homelanddems  hearing on  cbp customs & border protection with ranking member  repfilemonvela will begin shortly  video & more info----…
rt  missvwaters  ready for the unveiling of the dr  martin luther king statue at ga s capitol   kasimreed  repdavidscott  caseycagle  natha…
this thoughtful  sfchronicle article is an important reminder that we shouldn t rush to bigoted explanations for th…
thanks to everyone in  pa2  who came out and voted today  wonderful to win and win by such a big margin  especially…
in december of 2016  i was 1st member of congress to call for a special counsel to investigate trump & russia  one…
ensuring iran never obtains a nuclear weapon must be the ultimate goal of us foreign policy toward the iran  unfort…
wishing our sikh american neighbors and friends a happy vaisakhi 
on holocaust remembrance day  we remember the millions of jewish people murdered during the holocaust and honor the…
rt  edshow  ➨ 20 minutes to edshow with  drjamespeterson   ninaturner on votingrightsact and  repjimmcdermott on sickleave at 5pet/4pct …
courageous young people across u s  have awakened national conscience & are spurring action around gun safety  i wa…
rt  cspanwj  rep  gerald connolly  d-va  updates us on the latest in ongoing talks with north korea over its nuclear program
never read the comments  but always read the section on not congratulating dictators on winning fake elections 
rt  mellibitch  she s alone  but she doesn t care  please retweet and show my daughter someone is listening  national school walkout
missing my wife while in dc on valentines day
during national womens health week & beyond  i encourage all women to make their health & well-being a priority  we c…
i had the pleasure of meeting with central arizona college to see their successful workforce development and readin…
so proud to see the progress being made in lynn  this is what it s all about   we re trying to get the kids involve…
thank you   ryancostello 
175 years ago today  the first japanese immigrated to the united states  during the month of may we commemorate thi…
and we welcome them with open arms  this investment will draw employees from the entire region  let s do this 
a better deal means  -raising wages -creating millions of good jobs -fighting back against the outsourcing of jobs
last night  trump made it perfectly clear that he views family reunification as a larger threat than income inequal…
tune in   fscdems have forced a minority day hearing to cast more light on the negative impact of the equifax breach
this week is national park week  but  realdonaldtrump &  epa administrator pruitt must have missed the memo  instea…
3 things you can do this week to make our community a better place 
el empate de  scotus  con  daca  y  dapa  es un retraso terrible para nuestras familias inmigrantes  nuestra lucha sigue  sisepuede
despite the platitudes the president will inevitably receive for reading a teleprompter tonight  his unprepared sta…
it s hard to understand how  realdonaldtrump justifies rolling out of bed  getting on twitter and attacking james c…
rt  oversightdems  must read   congressmanraja on the improper attacks on mueller and the f b i  -  mueller must be allowed to continue uni…
rt  otlonespn   for the leagues to expect any money from new jersey after we spent all the money fighting them in court is a little unreaso…
 justin411 why not  addendum to original tweet  🍫🍬🍭🍾
tomorrow  i ll be taking over the  officialcbc twitter account at 2pm for a twitter town hall on community policing…
house republican tax priorities
talk is cheap – there have been a universal background check bill and an assault weapon ban waiting for a vote in c…
as someone who had to hide in a closet when my father was out of control & had a gun  i want to do something that s…
wishing a happy birthday to my friend & lifelong advocate for america s students as ranking member on  edworkforcedems   bobbyscott 
seven years ago today  the house passed the dream act  congress needs to finish the job and to pass it into law  t…
constituents in  mn08  - what topics are you looking for  realdonaldtrump to talk about in tonight s state of the un…
rt  irsnews  urgent  irs provides an extra day for taxpayers to file  pay their taxes following system issues  file by midnight  april 18 
don t be fooled  realdonaldtrump is still trying to undermine healthcare   we will see instability & higher costs 
memo day thoughts  today s reckless release of the so-called nunes memo is a disservice to all americans who were s…
hawaii was the 1st state in the us to set a 100% clean energy goal by 2045  rep  tulsi gabbard intro d the o f f act…
today  mayorbronin announced 2 new ameri corps vista projects in hartford as a part of the…
rt  npwf    repmarciafudge  thank you for highlighting what paidsickdays are all about – not having to choose between a paycheck and your…
rt  um_dcoffice  thanks to  repdankildee  repgracemeng &  repdebdingell for attending the 2018  umich congressional breakfast  any morning…
honored to join the progressive national baptist convention at its 2018 national advocacy day here on capitol hill 
today i spoke at the  theiccfgroup conservation council luncheon where i discussed the appropriations process and c…
 alyssa_milano agreed  we can t wait any longer  we need gun control now  moments of silence used to be for showing…
it s localrestaurantweek  don t miss out on this great opportunity to sample wny smallbiz  for the list of part…
who are the americans that end up paying more under the g o p tax scam  middle-class families  teachers  americans pa…
5  support of the joint venture education fund  a cooperative partnership between hawaii s military community and public schools   ndaa17 
ramadan kareem to my friends  colleagues  & constituents observing ramadan this month  may this be a meaningful tim…
rt  momsrising  this mothers day  we can t imagine the horror of being a child forcibly separated from my mother at the us border  immigran…
it has been almost 8 weeks since the tragedy at parkland  we need to end gun violence once and for all  strengthen b…
con estas recomendaciones se busca identificar qué reformas son necesarias para desarrollar la economía y promover prosperidad en la isla 
rt  repanthonybrown  i sent a letter with my colleagues on  hascdemocrats to express our strong opposition to trump s plan to use dod fundi…
protecting the special counsel s investigation into russia s interference in our election is extremely important …
  ibew local3 has been on strike for 1 year now  here is my full statement  spectrum strike
still some time left to national small business week which runs through today  hope you ve been supporting local bus…
remember to walk against hate w/  adl_nevada this sunday  springspreserve  sign up below   adl  walk against hate l v
your involvement matters  keep calling  keep writing  keep marching  this will be a marathon  not a sprint 
 civicanusa visit national harbor or historic annapolis  just outside my district in anne arundel county  
great meeting with reps from  aidshealthcare  which operates numerous clinics in cfl that offer affordable treatmen…
rt  repraskin  proudly joined 120  colleagues in urging  potus to reconsider his baseless trans ban  our letter 
rt  ejinaction  epa youth advisors urge trump s epa administrator scott pruitt to act on climate change and protect lives now 
rt  predsnhl  never count out the wild card  get it done tomorrow boys  titan up team smashville
after a year of calling white supremacists fine people  disparaging immigrants and clawing back progress on civil r…
this was a tough vote  but the right one for our country   my district  there s a lot of hard work ahead  and i hop…
too often senseless acts of gun violence have shaken our nation  from sandy hook to parkland to aztec these tragedi…
rt  ralphjmoran  delighted to introduce fellow oc native  lorettasanchez at the  hopelatinas hli graduation in wdc  very impressive group o…
aside from not fixing  daca  the cr didn t reauthorize federal funding for community health centers like…
having to decide between paying rent & buying food is unacceptable  i m pledging to help right this wrong  our homes our voices cuts hurt
honored to officially receive the american trade hero award today from  cpa_tradereform  this special recognition i…
from property damage & economic challenges to health/safety risks  americans are often unaware of the dangers they…
thx nā lei aloha foundation  shinnyo-en hi  &  kineticpro for helping honor our fallen heroes and lost loved ones 
rt  wilsonnc  a groundbreaking ceremony for the us 301 road construction project will held next tuesday  more information at
want to relive my marc means business work day for yourself  or want to add missy to your family  visit…
very pleased that the south brooklyn marine terminal will be revitalized  built sustainably and will bring hundreds…
rt  sensherrodbrown  mr  mulvaney - you ve made it clear that your congressional office was for sale  does the  cfpb have a price tag too …
the practice of separating children from parents as a deterrent to seeking asylum is inhumane & cruel  seeking asyl…
esta nación  la cual fue fundada bajo los principios de igualdad y justicia  tendrá que actuar a la altura de esos principios 
thinking of those men and women impacted by today s announced layoffs at gm lordstown 
pleased that title viii bill passed unanimously out of health subcommittee  today marks an important step in ensuring access to health care 
rt  repmceachin  it s tax day – which means my republican colleagues will be talking up the g o p tax scam until they are blue in the face  ju…
do you or your friends have college debt  g o p tax scam makes it harder for americans to afford to higher education
yesterday  we were glad to have 6 of our local colleges represented at our education roundtable  incl …
 urbanmediamaven  rolandsmartin
happy to meet with the mayor of sugar creek  mike larson  and stan salva yesterday to discuss utilizing cdbg and lo…
joined my friends  jeremymcpike &  vasecofedu for the 4th annual suicide awareness walk organized by ms  geraghty a…
rt  amheartadvocacy  thx 2 new f a s t act cosponsors 4 supporting the future of stroke care  repschrader  repchrisstewart  repmarktakai  repd…
rt  radiologybiz  legislation requiring a study on women and lung cancer introduced in house  senate  usrepricknolan  replobiondo  lcaorg …
rt  houseradiotv  news conference   nancypelosi and  benniegthompson   repzoelofgren   jimlangevin   reprichmond  and  repvaldemings on ele…
just wrapped up our second town hall today - this town hall in sumter county  thank you to the constituents who tur…
i deeply appreciate the commitment to public service from our new u s  attorney  thomas l kirsch ii  i thank you fo…
congratulations to  nicolein140 on her first day as mayor of easthampton & to her colleagues on the school committ…
rt  waysmeanscmte    repjimmcdermott  thanks to the  aca    middle class families now enjoy greater health security than ever before  
my statement on my vote to continue funding the federal government 
wanted to share my op-ed from the santa fe new mexican this weekend  medicaid public option would be available to e…
i joined 195  housedemocrats in demanding trump end his efforts to sabotage & undermine americans  access to affordable  quality healthcare 
freedom of the press is the bedrock of a healthy democracy  on this world press freedom day  let s recommit to promot…
this past week i signed a discharge petition to bring legislation  h r 4669  to the floor that sets restrictions on…
rt  public_citizen  this is perry hopkins  an overdose survivor whose life was saved through a rapid administration of naloxone  naloxone…
looking for something to do after school today  as part of the n m science fiesta  you re invited to stop by…
no individual with such extensive  previously undisclosed foreign contacts and dealings should be allowed anywhere…
today we honor all vietnam veterans who served and sacrificed  vietnam war veterans day
trump shutdown fact  the irs is required to implement the gop tax plan that was pushed through congress last year …
on national former pow recognition day  we remember the incredible story of wny hero corporal frank garguiolo s ser…
  housedemocrats working to fix zika  flint  & more while keeping the gov t open   housegop  will you do your job 
rt  libraryms  thanks so much for speaking at our reston/herndon  momsdemand local group meeting tonight  gerryconnolly  you were so respon…
today  we wear purple to show solidarity w/ our lgbtq brothers & sisters & work toward creating a more welcoming  kind community spirit day
i m holding two town halls today  the first one is from 12 30 – 1 30 p m  at the darlington municipal building and…
rt  unmachtmncities  meeting with  reptimwalz and his staff on municipal priorities  passionate conversation on local issues   nlcdc   minne…
congrats to another star athlete from ca-24   santa barbara s kayla day is u s  open junior singles champion 
yes   leung   a big reason why i launched my column five years ago was to highlight how and why we need more women…
this saturday i ll be hosting an event on senior scams in south los angeles  rsvp today to make sure you get the re…
on this day  50 years ago  we lost a leader  a visionary  and a tireless advocate for peace  martin luther king  jr…
it takes courage and character to serve your country in uniform  and behind every soldier  sailor  airman  and mari…
    the power to initiate a nuclear conflict — less than a year later  those fears are far too close to being realized 
thank you to policy expert jonas shaende from fiscal policy institute for joining us  he describes the g o p tax scam…
every day millions of americans struggle with hunger  but we can help  today on stamp out hunger day you can put a…
rt  waysmeanscmte  to help taxpayers better understand the republican tax law and to limit tax avoidance  ranking member  reprichardneal is…
it was an honor to thank the veterans in our community for their service to our nation during the vietnam war at th…
on the 1st anniversary of vietnam war veterans day  we honor the over 9 million american men and women who served dur…
partisanship may grip the house  but i ve continued to get things done like i always have   ne02 
while i strongly support scientific research  taxpayer   & federal resources should be spent on advancing scientifi…
rt  repbeatty  congratulations   repmarcykaptur  thank you for your leadership  advice  and friendship all these years  what an amazing acc…
two very talented fellows
last night i took to the house floor because hardworking americans are tired of the raw deal they are getting from…
honored to speak at the 2017 career service awards ceremony at the u s  international trade commission last week  i…
the trump administration just published its new gun exports plan  they want more freedom to sell guns abroad—and no…
it was a pleasure engaging with our allies at the  gmfus s brussels forum  the importance of transatlantic diplomac…
rt  johnbrennan  today  donald trump simultaneously lied about the iranian nuclear deal  undermined global confidence in us commitments  al…
unlike most  sotu   copies of speech text not available on floor 
i m committed to protecting our veterans and ensuring that not one vet is left without the care they deserve   ne02 
rt  repmceachin  it s tax day – which means my republican colleagues will be talking up the g o p tax scam until they are blue in the face  ju…
congratulations puerto rico campeones de la serie del caribe2018  los criollos de caguas no se rindieron y repitieron…
proud to stand on steps of the supreme court with house & sen dems to oppose  potus executive order on immigration 
rt  barackobama  we are grieving with parkland  but we are not powerless  caring for our kids is our first job  and until we can honestly s…
 bedachtkarolina  senronwyden  senjeffmerkley my team said it was working now 
rt  florenceozor  tomorrow it will be 4 years since the abduction of chibok girls 4yrs of failure 4yrs of incompetence 4year of pain  t…
i want to thank  usrepkeating for cosponsoring the house bill to save net neutrality 
representing ventura county in congress will be one of the greatest honors of my life   ca26 
happy to announce my upcoming community office hours  my district office is here to help if you need assistance wit…
rt  pgsentinel  rep   anthonybrownmd4 & members of the  officialcbc met with pres  trump last week  read what they discussed here 
i m pleased by the release of the three detainees from north korea  while this is good news  we still need a long-t…
rt  ailasoflorida   ailasoflorida proud to honor  repgutierrez for his support of the immigrant community   nda18   ailanational a i l a stand…
thrilled and honored to speak at the commencement for  bethunecookman today  congratulations to all graduates …
i always admired her tenacity  louise was a trailblazer who fought hard for the issues she believed in and was a fi…
rt  congressmanraja   if you gaze long into an attorney general  the attorney general also gazes into you  
rt  phlbizeditor  paul levy and center city district get it     ccd report  policy changes needed to boost job growth  help neighborhoods  …
rt  hawaii_ema  high levels of dangerous so2 gas detected in hawaii island evacuation areas  all residents of leilani estates and lanipuna…
enjoyed rounding out today s easter festivities at the ravenswood manor easter egg hunt and northcenter neighborho…
the wait is over -- today is opening day at dodger stadium  best of luck to our amazing dodgers -- i know you ll m…
political rights  religious freedom  and human dignity cannot be suppressed in a free and open society 
really important armed services hearing earlier today with general curtis scaparrotti  european command commander —…
for 26 hrs we stood against gun violence  the sit in ends  but we re just getting started  rs can t keep ignoring this debate  not one more
a pleasure 2 meet india s new pm  narendramodi this wknd looking 4ward 2 new chapter in enduring us-india friendship
here s some real news  the senate s latest version of  bcra  would provide fake insurance 
rt  katznyc  big day for a sustainable working waterfront in sunset park  kudos to  nycedc  repjerrynadler  nydiavelazquez  cmenchaca  bper…
rt  hawaii  coral reef sustainability through innovation act proposed by  maziehirono &  repmarktakai 
evolving situation in palmdale  hoping and praying that everyone is ok  follow  lasdhq for the latest reliable inf…
see you on monday  12/4 at our senior living conference  there will be screenings  counseling  resources  a visit f…
enjoying some wonderful music tonight at  honchrisjohnson s 7th annual black history concert in yonkers 
112 families are still waiting for their chibok girls to come home  4 years too long
during womens history month  we recognize women of every race  ethnic background and ability who have made significa…
rt  repyvetteclarke  i m here on behalf of the newly formed tech accountability caucus in which i serve as a co-chair with my colleagues  r…
i voted in favor of hr4909  the stop school violence act  the bill would provide funding for many more schools to u…
great meeting with local student members of  fefaky advocating for common sense gun safety laws and safer schools 
happy st  patrick s day  everybody s irish today 
rt  cityofontario  don t miss another free mulch giveaway friday  march 16 and saturday  march 17  cityof ontario call  909  395-2600 for…
about to go on  cnnsitroom with wolf blitzer to talk about this week s news  hope you can tune in 
tillerson s dismissal is a sad reminder of trump s contempt for diplomacy  removing secstate while our country fa…
per marin county  sausalito fire evacuations are reversed & fires are under control
i ll be talking about the year ahead at 3 30pm today  tune into 90 9 fm or listen live online 
rt  housenewdems  the letter  led by  repcheri   repterrisewell   repanniekuster  and  donaldnorcross outlines the importance of apprentice…
rt  hispaniccaucus  on september 20  2017  hurricane maria hit puerto rico and quickly became the island s most destructive storm in decade…
thousands of westchester residents depend on a reliable public transportation system in their daily lives  this  3 …
paycheck fairness act is part of the solution for equal pay  but we also need paidsickdays  paidleave  affordable…
my no budget  no pay act is just one solution to get congress to perform better and we know it works  we need to ke…
open enrollment has started  get covered today  a c aworks souls2 enroll souls to enroll
good luck to all the girls from se ia in the  ighsau volleyball tourney   reginaregalsap  tcsdtigers  pella_schools & holy trinity catholic
thanks to the wicker park committee for having me this week  great to share legislative updates  see old friends &…
epa should immediately make it available to the public and end its practice of choosing polluters over the public s right to know 
honored glen cove veteran  roger weldon  yesterday with a citation & flag for his tremendous service to our nation …
we must keep the internet an open platform so that everyone has equal access  we cannot allow access to be only op…
when we invest in america s workers  we invest in the prosperity of our families  our economy  and our country  tha…
we must come together  dem and gop  to stabilize markets  pass my marketplace certainty act  and bring down costs of care for patients 
congratulations to reston resident matthew nims for being named a finalist for the service to america medal  he & h…
  realdonaldtrump is profiting off the presidency – and violating the constitution in the process 
rt  capaction  live  join us  members of congress  and advocates for an important discussion on equal pay day 
rt  pattymurray  what you need to know about president trump s junk plans and republicans  latest effort to undermine our health care → htt…
rt  hascdemocrats    repadamsmith statement on the expulsion of 60 russian officials from the u s  and closure of the russian consulate in…
another wonderful rolando street fair  i love to see this vibrant community come together for this fun event each y…
enjoyed being on  majicatl with  mariamoreonair earlier today  thanks for getting the word out about my jobs fair t…
rt  nydiavelazquez    repjoseserrano speaks at puerto rico roundtable says we must build power grid better  says we must not give up the fi…
i spoke with  cbssacramento about the final stages of repairs at the oroville dam s emergency spillway  as well as…
rt  megburrow  gottheimer with bergen county sheriff michael saudino at the opioidcrisis press conference   northjersey
today on armenian genocide day of remembrance  we reflect on the 1 5 million innocent lives lost  honoring their m…
  kens5 covered how democrats are working hard to turn texas blue 
amazing faculty  staff  and students at maple grove senior high  principal becker and susan samaha  thank you for w…
trump s fcc just published their proposal to repeal net neutrality & threaten your right to a free & open internet …
i will be visiting the chetco bar and eagle creek fires this weekend w/ forestservice chief tooke  follow along for pix and more info 
glad the governor followed my admonition not to send nevada national guard troops to the border 
 i remain convinced that the disconnect between president trump and his most senior advisors does immeasurable harm…
overall  the bills fail to meet the challenge of the opioid public health crisis  patients  communities  & provi…
once again our judicial system has struck down  realdonaldtrump s misguided and unjust effort to end  daca  which th…
proud to support the paycheck fairness act because women deserve equal pay for the work they do 
thank you to all of the social workers who help others cope and thrive in the face of life s challenges  your wor…
rt  aclu  we can all spend one minute calling our senators to demand they vote to save net neutrality tomorrow or we can wait for web…
currently the senate s voting to debate a healthcare bill  but they don t know what bill they re debating  shameful  wi deserves better 
rt  pattymurray  the internet doesn t belong to  ajitpaifcc and  realdonaldtrump  it belongs to people  keep making your voices heard to sa…
rt  cdrakefairtrade  thanks to  replindasanchez for hosting today s  nafta  informational briefing for the labor and working families caucus…
rt  frankpallone  the flint water crisis is not an anomaly—what happened to flint is a warning to all americans  many communities are one m…
we are live on the house floor speaking about inequality  join us here 
early voting in the texas primaries runs today through march 2  with election day on march 6  make sure to vote and…
just a few minutes until i head out on stage for the p o l i t i c o interview with  apalmerdc &  jakesherman to talk abou…
during this week of  mlk50  remembrance  a good time for nelson to read for the first time   barackobama s  of thee…
house republicans say the g o p farm bill doesn t kick a single person off  snap   that s not true  400 000 households will lose benefits 
i m calling on president trump to recertify the iran deal & work w/ congress & international allies to improve the…
if you d like to have your artwork on display in my office  make sure you get in your submission by april 12th  eve…
join me wed 5/2 at noon in slo for the introduction of the corporate political disclosure act  legislation that shi…
washington continues to fail victims of gun violence  i thank students at  nazarethlgp and across the country for…
looking forward to working with senator-elect jones  very happy to see decency win tonight  a l sen
stopped by the 3rd annual tidewater wooden boat workshop open house to learn more about their program to help at-ri…
rt  housenewdems  today new dems were scheduled to meet w/ ambassador lighthizer to discuss nafta negotiations and the lack of congressiona…
i posted a new photo to facebook
it is reprehensible that our fellow citizens continue to be left behind  the white house and congress must recommit…
updated  jpmorgan on our comprehensive regulatory review act  which cuts red tape and expands lending opportunities…
firing rosenstein should be treated the same as firing mueller  period 
the gop house farm bill guts nearly  20b from s n a p--our nation s most important & effective anti-hunger program  t…
we remember the six million jewish men  women and children who were massacred by the nazis and the many other milli…
today  anti-choice advocates are arguing for the right of fake health centers to lie & manipulate women  denying qu…
thank you   molly__o for highlighting the injustices that these women have faced  i wrote the healthy mom act preci…
proud of my perfect score on the  lcvoters scorecard for 2017  protecting our environment is more important than ev…
this seems like a much better solution to america s problems with school shootings 
thanks to all the san diego high school students who entered the congressional art competition  while our judges ar…
as a  hascdemocrats  i m concerned that  potus  desire for a militaryparade has more to do w/ indulging his author…
reminder  instead of creating a fair playing field for workers  the g o p tax scam rewards companies that send america…
c b c tech2020 is at  merrittcollege this afternoon for a roundtable with experts and organizations on strategies to…
rt  mayorharrykim  eruption update for may 6  2018 at 800 am  two new fissures  9 homes destroyed  elevated sulphur dioxide levels  mayorh…
the comey memos  released this week  show a president without regard for the rule of law or constitutional norms  t…
the livelihood of many american &  ca  farmers depends on trade   map  &  fmd  have proven track records of successf…
donnie dangerous wants more nuclear weapons  take a hike 
rt  louiseslaughter  to  housegop and  speakerryan  enough with the closed & undemocratic process  the american people deserve more 
this april  our lincolnshire office  111 barclay blvd  suite 200  is a drop-off site for items to be sent in care p…
the  nra and gun lobby are complicit in the deaths that result from our nation s failure to regulate guns  why do…
this is reckless  and a perfect example of why congress must be the one to authorize any use of force  not the pres…
rt  reprobinkelly  orlando  49  sandy hook  26  las vegas  58  sutherland spring  26  aurora  12  virginia tech  32  and the list go…
no veteran should have their credit ruined because of delays at the va and that s why we need this bill  i m lookin…
paterson is at a critical point in its history  we don t need bravado  we need solutions  we need a united city  an…
thanks to trump  the big wall street banks saved  3 6 billion in taxes last quarter under new law
rt  ct_cncs  thank you  repjoecourtney and  ctnorwich mayor peter nystrom for recognizing  seniorcorps volunteers serving at  tvccacares rs…
according to  washingtonpost analysis  thanks to the g o p tax scam the six biggest banks are pulling  40 million per…
very troubled to hear reports that  realdonaldtrump s administration will eliminate existing regulations that preve…
rt  congressmanraja    speakerryan may want to spend some more time talking with everyday folks – clearly  he must be confused about what t…
st  katharine drexel was extremely saddened by the educational disparities within the native american and african-a…
matteson mayor sheila chalmers-currin   i talk to residents and they are frustrated in what s happening in our comm…
ceos fought to kill the pay disclosure rule tooth and nail  now we know why  a new report from my office finds it w…
rt  sbc1989  13th annual david scott health fair  wonderful event  breastexam breasthealth  repdavidscott
rt  nalcabpolicy  meeting with  repdarrensoto   thanks for taking the time to meet with  latinoleader ed marucci guzman  n a l c a b policy2018 …
nantucket residents have shown they refuse to be indifferent  i join with everyone in this community in saying ther…
open enrollment begins today  take care of yourself  take care of your family  get covered  aca… 
great conversation this week on the reasons we need to expand social security  thank you to all who came out 
happy birthday  rep   tulsigabbard 
rt  housenewdems  new dems urge  secelainechao to take immediate action to expedite project approvals   usdot has authority to take action…
rt  stevesisolak  huge win     goldenknights defeat  sanjosesharks 5-3 to take a 3-2 series lead  go knights go vegas born
our staff will be available for a congress on your corner at the north buffalo community center from 10am to noon 
rt  thenyhc  thank you  repyvettedclarke   repjoseserrano  repgregorymeeks   repjoecrowley  espaillatny for fighting to ensure people have…
rt  robert_han_28   alangrayson  drdenagrayson trump will never admit  even to himself  that he is not the super mastermind who can outplay…
thank god for the rule of law which overrides the rule of the donald  sign up d a c a dreamers
good news   hhsgov & the trump admin should support programs that *actually* work - like these teen pregnancy preve…
we are only as strong as the stories we hear  thank you   adrianlooperry  for your candor and bravery 
last week  i joined my colleague and help committee subchairman  repwalberg in putting forth legislation to help ex…
rt  giffordscourage   repryancostello  repkathleenrice  ndvh  nnedv  ncadv  withoutviolence  jewishwomenintl we are proud of  repryancostel…
rt  repmcgovern    housegop wrote 2018 farm bill in secret behind closed doors  even as one of the top democrats on agriculture cmte  i did…
for thirty-six years  fairhaven native gil santos was the voice of the new england patriots  the model of reliabili…
social security is an american success story and part of the fabric that safeguards economic security and independe…
rt  drdenagrayson   olddominiongirl  alangrayson thanks  teresa ❤️🇺🇸
today  i had the privilege to speak at the city of antioch s martin luther king jr  community celebration  througho…
wow   mike_pence  is one of most pro-gun politicians  but at his  nra speech today  guns will be banned   gop says…
trump/mcconnell/gop re-embracing roy moore should surprise absolutely no one  it s the access hollywood tape all ov…
i joined my  wa  democratic colleagues in calling on house leadership to bring up a permanent solution for  daca   so…
today we remember all those lost in the holocaust and recommit to fighting hate  intolerance and evil around the gl…
over 150 smalbiz owners attended a government contract meeting today  thank you  nbdc_nebraska for inviting me to…
the stakes are too high for congress to allow our decennial 2020 census to be sabotaged 
discrimination  bullying & harassment don t belong in schools  the student non-discrimination act would put an end…
  rubybridges was the first black child to integrate an all-white school in the south  as a six-year-old  she showe…
rt  officialcbc  c b c on healthcare
today is gold star spouses day  please join me in honoring the loved ones of those who gave the ultimate sacrifice…
be best  give me a be best break  white house  be best  bully  role modeling for our children   give me another break 
rt  leoredhookbklyn   joyannreid  raye8405 show this to anyone who dares claim the cops had to shoot & kill stephon clark—and shoot him 20…
 smokemjoemd just imagine a few years ago millions of americans wouldn t have been able to stand wait on phone for health insurance 
embarrassing that  officegovethics has to remind the trump admin to stop abusing public office  cultureof corruption
rep  cicilline is hosting a community bbq for veterans & their families over memorial day weekend  rsvp today 
rt  teampelosi  retweet if you agree  we must **end** the uncertainty right now  right away  and do all we can to protect d r e a mers  they ar…
ms  christina longstaffe has taught art at garey high school in pomona for more than twenty years  thanks to her gu…
rt  cityclubchicago  we re excited to welcome the mayor of san juan  carmenyulincruz to our april 20th event on puerto rico with  repgutier…
h res  390  which disapproves of president trump s foolish decision to withdraw from the paris climate agreement
rt  metro_pr   pedropierluisi urge al gobierno a comenzar cumplimiento con disposiciones de  promesa   detalles
it is shameful that  gop added  1 5 trillion to the deficit to pass their g o p tax scam  but can t fully fund chip &…
rt  officialcbc  c b c demands justice
 tgowdysc this and more is why i raised serious concerns at our recent epa budget hearing about whether the agency …
rt  _horsesforlife   reproybalallard 👏 👑 congratulations  your leadership to protect animals is very appreciated  special thank you for alw…
rt  housedemocrats    repdianadegette  co-01  updated coloradans on her efforts in congress to pass the d r e a m act  dems at work
rep  richmond votes against national flood insurance program reauthorization 
president trump s unilateral decision to remove the united states from the iran deal is reckless and unwarranted  t…
on november 17  1800  congress held its first session in washington  dc  in only the north wing of the capitol bu…
today s national school walkout marks the 19th anniversary of the columbine tragedy  we should have acted in 1999 an…
rt  brhodes  beyond the potentially catastrophic consequences with iran  trump s decision is devastating to u s  credibility globally  afte…
i am very concerned about president trump s appointment of john bolton as the new national security advisor  bolton…
my thanks to oak lawn community high school for inviting me to speak to students today about a variety of issues  i…
yesterday  i signed the beau biden gun violence prevention act into law  this is important  common sense legislat…
the next secretary must protect the va healthcare system from efforts to dismantle it  in august of last year  secr…
we honor his memory today by reflecting on his legacy and continue on the path forward towards justice   mlk50 
deploying troops to the border is a massive waste of money and nothing more than an attempt to use arizona as a pol…
rt  houseradiotv  news conference   repjoshg   replancenj7   repdonaldpayne   billpascrell   donaldnorcross  and  repbonnie on gateway resc…
thank you to  bettermarkets for all the work you do to give a voice to the concerns of american consumers and indiv…
appreciate the opportunity to meet this week with mr  artan grubi  a member of the assembly of the republic of mace…
rt  energycommerce  democrats are working hard to protect our care against the trump administration s sabotage of affordable healthcare  htt…
i asked  usda inspector general fong about her recent survey which found scientists at  usda worry they could face…
   ridepsta is offering free rides for earth day - save some   and help the planet 
watch the video  here s another fun moment from tomandthetrades earlier this week   ny03 
rt  rubenharris  last night we recorded a podcast w/  repbarbaralee  gkbutterfield  repmaxinewaters  repgregorymeeks w/ the ppl in this pic…
yesterday   realdonaldtrump spoke to the american people and told them that he d  secure our schools  and  tackle t…
impressive tour & meeting this week at  baesystemsplc in greenlawn  bae provides some of the world s most advanced …
this is an enormous gamble by a very unprepared president  this president we know doesn t read  he gets impatient i…
 bhm  spotlight  in 1976 ann williams founded the dallas black dance theatre to create & produce contemporary modern…
coming from a family of public servants  it is not surprising that cecile richards has spent her life helping other…
rt  kaffnews  congressman tom o halleran joined dave this morning on kaff country legends to talk about congress  the tinder fire  the new…
rt  prosperitynow  thank you to  repcurbelo and  repdannydavis for your leadership in introducing the vita permanence act  v i t aworks for…
rt  repcummings  our children are the living messages we send to a future we will never see  the question is how will we send them into tha…
rt  housedemocrats  parents shouldn t have to beg for the care their children need  doctors shouldn t have to make treatment decisions for…
i m proud to congratulate christian caraway on his appointment to the u s  naval academy  on behalf of  az03   i wis…
the faa reauthorization that just passed the house includes a bipartisan bill i introduced with my republican colle…
our government invented computers  the internet  and sent people to the moon  if we can do all those things  we can…
on average  aapi women work 2 extra months to earn what a white man earns in a year  but on a a p i equal pay day  we k…
today is the 76th anniversary of  eo9066   which led to the imprisonment of my parents  grandparents  and more than…
the senate judiciary committee just released the transcripts of interviews about the trump tower meeting  we trie…
i m excited to announce our campaign is out with our first ad  check it out and share it with friends 
 nometrealtors  nickalbares q6  how will the g o p tax plan affect small businesses in louisiana  ask the experts
great article by  staradvertiser on my invitation to  potus &  abeshinzo to pearl harbor75 
thanks  sbc1989 for joining us again to save lives  early detection s the key 
harsh experience has taught us that change doesn t happen by itself  you have to struggle for it  jobs and justice
 national parks are the best idea we ever had   if they are to remain beautiful  untrammeled places that everyone …
in response to reports of president trump forcing top white house officials to sign non-disclosure agreements  i ve…
celebrating the beautiful japanese culture at the 3rd annual kuzina japanese spring festival  over the past decade …
cinco de mayo honors resilience that led the mexican people to victory at battle of puebla & also celebrates myriad…
rt  vtstateparks  yield winter  move over for spring- this photo from ranger brian at woodford state park this past weekend   vt  vermont…
as our nation is in the midst of a clean energy revolution  let us remember the dire consequences of relying too he…
for too long  el salvador s total abortion ban has endangered the lives of young women and kept innocent women behi…
rt  homelandprep    lorettasanchez amendments adopted in two homeland security bills
neighbors day is a great opportunity to help those in need  if you re near la crosse  sign up to help 
infringing on women s constitutional rights isn t just wrong - it s dangerous  that s why i am a cosponsor of the…
rt  dstinc1913   we have to do more than stand up and take 30 seconds of silence   -- repbeatty d s t4 gun reform
enroll now  i encourage military spouses and children to enroll in thanksusa s scholarship program  that will help…
i posted a new photo to facebook
sat down with  ianbremmer on  gzeromedia to discuss what our country should stand for around the world  watch here 
mi norma a seguir  desde el 1er día  ha sido que la junta debe tener la autoridad de supervisar—pero no de ordenar y controlar—al gob de pr 
 jamesjstal agreed and i am  i refer you to my legislative twitter  congboyle for a recent tweet that lists some ot…
my opening statement at the energy subcommittee hearing on electric transmission infrastructure …
gop tax bill raises taxes on people paying off student loans  we should be making is easier to afford college  this…
rt  alz_wa  yesterday   repdennyheck joined some of our staff and  memorybrain_uw staff for a tour of the alzheimer s disease research cent…
in this country  too many young people are slammed with loads of student debt  now   mickmulvaneyomb wants to make…
president trump must comply with any subpoena from special counsel mueller  and if trump s legal team tries to figh…
this excellent piece gets to the heart of the damage the live nation-ticketmaster monopoly inflicts on consumers an…
it s infrastructure week   again  still waiting on gop to put forward a proposal that does more than rearrange the…
rt  markcglaze  proud to be defending dc s new death with dignity law with  eleanornorton   mayorbowser and  deathwdignity
rt  repswalwell  watch   housejuddems are announcing legislation to protect mueller  we must act now 
john and i send our love and prayers to the entire bush family following the passing of former first lady barbara b…
rt  mrmicahali  join  repbarragan next wednesday  may 2nd in compton at george washington elementary school for a water quality town hall …
these are sick people  don t ever disrespect the notorious rbg  bk s finest   again  what a 🤡 via  huffpostpol
great to attend raynham veterans  appreciation breakfast  an important time to honor and thank all our veterans  t…
in this week s e-newsletter  i recap the latest  including work to hold  epascottpruitt accountable  protect the 20…
rt  hrc   usrepkeating congrats on 100% on  hrc s congressional scorecard for supporting  lgbtq  equality  h r c scorecard
speaker ryan  it s time you do your job and let us vote to save the internet  our constituents have a right to know…
the  housegop is seeking to fire mueller s boss  this is not a drill  these guys will do anything to torch the rule…
the current condition of this fence doesn t represent the respect that we hold for our veterans  i am going to kee…
nearly 130 years old  oakland was the industrial and social hub of orange county  including having an opera house …
ramadan mubarak  during this festive period  let s embrace the spirit of ramadan by celebrating our shared values…
dod supplemental impact aid is important for military students and schools that serve them  including several in no…
mobile office hours in gonzales today  10am-1pm congressional staff will be available to assist with social secur…
our team was pleased to recognize  mauihighsabers s keith imada for his outstanding service to maui & his work to…
rt  lgbtqnation  canadian trans teen welcomed by high school football teammates
i was honored to recently receive the u s  army s distinguished civilian service award from acting secretary of the…
palm beach county will conduct aerial mosquito spraying at sunset on 9/19/17  in response to a large mosquito hatch from hurricane irma 
rt  ccan  thank you  repraskin for being a leader in the fight to ban fracking in md  and for continuing to call for solutions to the clima…
i want to thank  repgwenmoore for signing on as a cosponsor of the house bill to save net neutrality 
scott lloyd is not a doctor  nor a medical professional of any kind  he simply wants to carry out the dangerous tru…
trump budget continues this administration s vengeance against environmental protections  epa loses 25% of its funding under the plan 
so happy to have  senschumer join us to kick off our apahm2018 celebration   we will keep fighting until america w…
from medicaid expansion to protecting folks w/ pre-existing conditions  the  aca  was a big step forward in our figh…
federal judge calls trump s decision to end  daca   virtually unexplained   which is what we ve known all along  i w…
dredged materials require a safe and accessible disposal site  the  epa s designation of the elds has long been a p…
wait a minute  mr  president  am i a phony  or sleazy  a monster or little  surely you know the key to a good play…
the public should know that the san jacinto river waste pits remains a superfund site and demands swift removal of…
i ll just leave this here 
every american deserves access to healthy & affordable food  we need a food and farm bill that dedicates more resou…
rt  repgutierrez  i am pleased to be among 23 members of the house who have joined  repbarragan demanding doj reverse suspension of immigr…
wishing you and your loved ones a very happy and joyous holiday season from the beautiful central coast of californ…
rt  who  today is world health day  health is a human right  it s time for universal health coverage for everyone  everywhere  join the …
attention all d r e a mers  do you have questions about  daca   check out this fact sheet for requirements  deadlines …
rt  repstephenlynch  after  potus disgraceful comments on thursday   repcummings and i renewed our call for an investigation into the trump…
rt  reprubengallego  public comment is a responsibility federal agencies have to the public when making critical land management decisions…
congrats to my alma mater  tsumenshoops for advancing as the 16th seed with their first ever  marchmadness tournam…
i posted 17 photos on facebook in the album  10th annual sergeant francisco barrientes middle school celebrati 
thank you to the student organizers of the long beach marchfor our lives  your speeches were inspiring  thanks for r…
rt  repcohen  response to laura ingraham  davidhogg111 is right on this is not heartfelt apology but attempt to stop commendable merchants…
rt  jlrichardson  feeling so blessed to be supported and mentored by these wonder women  repbonnie &  hasoni who helped me get my start in…
providing remunerations for the survivors and descendants of the rosewood massacre was one of the greatest pieces…
rt  politicopro    benniegthompson to dhs  explain mixed messages on kaspersky ban progress   timstarks has the details 
thank you to our three newest d c statehood cosponsors   repdebdingell  replloyddoggett and  repgracemeng  brings ou…
thank you to the newark rotary club for taking the time to meet with me earlier this week  i appreciate your questi…
our student leaders are focused and determined to end gun violence  they must know their power  press congress for a…
it s clear we need to reduce our debt and deficit – which is why i voted in 2013 and 2015 for two-year bipartisan b…
 across the state  teachers say they make ends meet by selling their blood plasma  what does it say about america t…
my 2nd grade teacher ms  savorese taught me one of the greatest lessons of my life  our differences don t divide us…
  potus is slowly inching toward relief for steel making communities like those in lorain  oh who have been pink-sl…
rt  whiphoyer  i agree with senator bob corker  bringing a balanced budget amendment to the floor after slashing taxes for the wealthy is n…
i am continuing my efforts to obtain accountability from this administration 
the house will vote on reauthorizing section702 surveillance tomorrow  this program collects communications - incl…
aapi women work 2 extra months to earn what a white man earns in a year  but on a a p i equal pay day  we know there is…
  epascottpruitt has treated himself to the high life on the taxpayers  dime while working to harm public health &…
rt  thekidmero  mete mano tio   🇩🇴💪🏽
boot pruitt  epascottpruitt
breaking  fema has extended all tsa housing vouchers thru june 30 & will pay for flights back to pr   resettlement…
this amount of money  which the big banks saved in three months under the trump tax law  is enough to extend the ve…
together with almost 60 congresswomen  i m urging the house to investigate the many sexual misconduct allegations a…
major breakthrough  it appears omnibus will make it clear cdc can research gun violence - something i m proud to h…
epa s independent investigator  epaoig accepted the request and started looking into administrator pruitt s questio…
if the president plans to escalate militarily in syria  he must come to the congress to ask for an aumf  americans…
many of america s best and brightest come from countries  realdonaldtrump denigrates  shame nohate
tonight  jews will gather to celebrate passover & begin with the words  let all who are hungry come and eat   let u…
 despite stiff competition  scott pruitt  the administrator of the environmental protection agency  is by common co…
with a buck fifty a week  you wouldn t even be able to buy a dozen eggs for your breakfast  g o p tax scam
what a sad  small man now sits in the oval office 
rt  drdenagrayson  👏🏼great👏🏼news👏🏼 blue america just endorsed my hubby  progressive champion  alangrayson  for congress‼️🇺🇸 cc  downwitht…
rt  edworkforcedems   read  ranking member  bobbyscott   frankpallone   reprichardneal blast the trump administration s short-term insurance…
i posted a new photo to facebook
the  newsobserver is right  it s time we end the prohibition of gun violence research in this country  today  70 of…
rt  senatedems  early this morning   clairecmc tried to pass a bill to guarantee military pay and death benefits in the trump shutdown  re…
the priorities americans want to see addressed  pensions  dreamers  health care for kids  etc  aren t controversial…
joined in calling for an investigation into the use of private collectors on student loans  evidence shows that the…
today is the 11th anniversary of the tragedy at virginia tech  and i wrote this op-ed in the  daily_press on the 10…
thanks to the keizer rotary for all your service to the local community  it was a pleasure speaking with you today 
there s a staff assistant/legislative correspondent job opening in my washington d c  office  this is a demanding a…
today on the floor  the house of representatives will consider six bills 
thank you  hollyjmitchell for your question  we need to work at all levels - federal  state and local to fight mass…
are you asking  commercegov to give a chinese company a foothold into the american market/critical infrastructure …
the united states is falling behind in the race to reduce carbon emissions and become a leader in the renewable ene…
this reported iranian attack on israel is exactly why iran cannot be allowed to have a permanent military presence…
congress needs a long-term plan to fund the government and fix our pressing challenges  i just voted no on…
these young people get it  they understand that gunviolence happens every day  in every community  most importantl…
earlier  i questioned  mickmulvaneyomb  who  realdonaldtrump  illegally  appointed to run the  cfpb  i asked how ma…
congratulations  senator 
45 hoped you wouldn t notice he tried to sneak through a transgender troop ban during a friday news dump  trans t…
today is the final day of open enrollment for health insurance in colorado  make sure to get covered by visiting
rt  nancypelosi    flotus  hope that you are comfortable & best wishes for a speedy recovery 
 icymi   my remarks urging hud sec  carson to fight to save the cdbg prgm from elimination  compassion alone won t h…
on demin day  i proudly wear denim to show my support for survivors of sexual assault  and applaud the hard work of…
thanks to all who have chosen to dedicate their lives to educating our nation s children  teacher appreciation day
  repkarenbass   officialcbc members & i are proud to bring together hbcus & the dod to discuss opportunities for c…
 rush noted that pruitt twice delayed a rule to reduce lead in drinking water  twice delayed another rule on lead p…
the same way i helped secure funding for the  20m that was awarded to unmc is the same way i worked to bring  ne02… 
 housedemocrats & i read names & held photos of gun violence victims  to request a vote to disarm hate ask dems
today we honor the memory of dr martin luther king jr  who lost his life while trying to correct the civil injustic…
rt  dcmj2014  we are on the hill today w/  eleanornorton  mayorbowser  dc_vote  drugpolicyorg for no d criders press conference  hands off d c…
rt  govtrack  h r  2672 by  repcheri passed the house and senate yesterday  to designate the facility of the united states postal service l…
from  globescotlehigh   so let s consider more apt and accurate names  like  say  the national debt expansion pl…
lowey to  sgottliebfda  every level of government must do all it can to combat the opioid epidemic 
judge alsup s decision is right one but no substitute for a lasting solution for d r e a mers  congress must act urgen…
we re at rsvp capacity for my town hall albany tonight  doors open at 6 15pm so please plan to arrive early  my sta…
last night i attended the city of downey s 4th annual national night out 
pleased to report that  fema will extend the transitional shelter assistance program for displaced puerto rican fam…
americans agree  the g o p tax scam was a bad idea  a real bad one  tax day
rt  waysmeanscmte  no surprise here   the white house even projects that tax receipts will be  200 billion lower in 2027 than forecast la…
rt  houseagdems  in 2007  ryan voted against the farmbill  calling it  deeply flawed legislation which delivers no real reform   and a  se…
i m always inspired by the courage and determination of the women who came before me  to honor them  i pledge to co…
rt  flytpa    usrepkcastor checking out some renderings for our future airside  airside d with our ceo  joe lopano  infrastructure week ti…
we all need to be as brave as the high school students leading this movement and we all must speak out  walk out  a…
congratulations to the exceptional young people who organized the historic march for our lives this past weekend  dra…
this womens history month as we recognize & honor the contributions women have made to our country  we must also ren…
rt  uniteherelocal1  watch live now on cspan 3 
rt  susanwbrooks  today  i joined  repteddeutch  repfredupton &  repdebdingell to introduce h r 5717  the jake laird act  a bipartisan gun…
mother s day is a time to honor the impacts that mothers have on our families  i would not be who i am without my m…
on holocaust remembrance day we must never forget the millions of innocent lives taken during the holocaust  may we…
inspiration
wishing a happy  fun and safe st patricks day to all who are celebrating today  thanks to the irish american commun…
a vote for this budget is a vote for  realdonaldtrump s  great big wall   therefore  i will be voting no no border wall wallternative facts
get covered
peace and prosperity to all who are celebrating passover this evening  chag sameach 
 icymi   i appeared on  bbcworldtonight to discuss the latest on north korea  you can listen to the segment at the f…
virginia landowners already have the ability  with our land preservation tax credit  to receive transferable tax cr…
today is the dayofthe girl  a reminder that we must work everyday for girls  equality and justice 
our letter to the american taxpayer was signed by  reptedlieu   repjayapal   congboyle  and  repraskin 
i greatly enjoyed the recent invitation to read to students  aspirecharter in gary 
as we get ready to listen to  potus s state of the union speech  it may be helpful to compare what he s promised with…
congratulations to our senator  her entire family  and their newest addition 
when i m in dc  i make an effort to personally meet with every constituent who requests a meeting  one of this week…
as co-sponsor of bipartisan puppers act  glad congress took action to stop painful and ineffective medical testing…
rt  housedemocrats  7 000 children have lost their lives to gun violence since sandy hook  how many more must we lose before congress takes…
rt  audubonsociety  birds face too many challenges today to weaken the most important bird conservation law we have  thank you  replowentha…
seniors and people with disabilities would be among the biggest losers from the g o p tax scam 
i m w/  repjohnlewis and the students 100% national school walkout i was honored to attend 2 student-led town halls…
it s a travesty that student veterans face obstacles in building a bright future after serving our nation  last wee…
i m relieved to hear my colleague  repanthonybrown is on the mend  wishing you a speedy recovery and hope to see yo…
thank you greater haverhill community foundation for a tour of harbor place  a mixed-use development & key compone…
rt  dylanhayre  with 70  open mikes  and countless forum appearances  mike capuano proved he truly cares about voters  he is a true leader 
rt  aflcio  this week won t you take time to thank a teacher for helping to shape our future generations  teacher appreciation week
rt  mccoycountyexec  i was happy to attend a meeting of the  housecommerce committee today  thank you  reppaultonko for the shout out & you…
rt  repmarcykaptur  watch  workers and retirees discuss the need for the butch lewis act as a solution to the millions of pensions that are…
after the tragic shooting in parkland  florida  we must come together and push for common sense changes to prevent…
 patrickmurphyfl  davidjollyfl patrick who 
rt  odessar7_stuco  thank you to congressman cleaver for visiting odessa high school today to discuss school safety  o h s together  repclea…
 nuvasiveinc last fall  i led a trade mission to the uk with  wtcsandiego  the  nuvasiveinc team joined me to celeb…
our congressional delegation has completed a two-day trip to afghanistan  where i was thrilled to be greeted by bri…
happening now  i am meeting with students from across  nm  discussing gun violence  enough
increased support for childcare programs and  natlheadstart will help workingfamilies access affordable  high-quality child care 
rt  oversightdems  just in  dems press for subpoena for documents revealing who improperly classified handwritten notes of top doj official…
rt  mayorbowser  our city is committed to ensuring all residents in all8 wards have a fair shot  including our dc veterans and their spouse…
do your job
rt  repkihuen  great discussion today with small business owners and  sbagov national deputy ombudsman natalie duncan  these small business…
tentative good news  fema is staying in puerto rico to provide aid  agency says it was a  mistake   but i m guessi…
spoke in opposition to trump s termination of  tps  for haitians at  inasburyparknj celebration of hatian heritage 
here s a video from last year where i stood on the house floor and urged my colleagues to not support trumpcare  wh…
it was great to tour the  world_ag_expo w/  secretarysonny today  and although different than the  universityofga…
happy small business week to the more than 500 000 a zsmallbiz who employ nearly 1 million arizonans  we re working…
   2  the restoration of the region s resaca systems  and 3  the development of the raymondville drain 
rt  envcalifornia   it s time for us to be that bold  & that serious  in our commitment to a 100% renewable energy future   rephuffman for…
wow  congratulations to  ssmvandy s youli yao &  mlkroyals 
we will never forget those we lost 16 years ago and the brave men and women who risked their lives to keep our nati…
severe thunderstorms in pinellas today  be sure you re keeping updated on alerts and heed any warnings 
rt  aarpmd  team  aarpmd has wrapped  aarp2018  lobby day  we feel positive about the 7 meetings we had with both sides of the aisle today …
the american people deserve answers on  realdonaldtrump s business dealings  joined with  repeliotengel to get to t…
rt  lcvoters  👏👏👏👏well said   congressmanraja  it s time to boot pruitt
on wpr this week  i ll be discussing open enrollment  and the potential negative impacts of the new tax plan on wis…
lawmakers must do more to ensure we fund resources & research efforts to prevent future landslides from becoming na…
congrats earl 
high school students  deadline tomorrow  do not miss your chance to submit your entry for the 2018 congressional a…
we shall never forget the millions of innocent lives lost during the holocaust yom ha shoah never again
on holocaust remembrance day we honor the memory of 6 million jews who were murdered because of who they were  we re…
monday in raleigh  join me for a community forum on net neutrality and media consolidation with  jrosenworcel and…
for more on our legislation and advocacy on behave of survivors 
five years ago  we successfully pressured congressional republicans to reauthorize a strong & inclusive violence ag…
rt  gerryconnolly  just sent a letter to speaker ryan asking for an explanation  but it looks like he fired the chaplain for ministering to…
iran deal
applaud s c o t u s s ruling that domestic abusers should not be able to own a gun  death 12x more likely in domestic violence assaults w/ guns 
attention 11th congressional district high school students  the deadline for this year s congressional art competit…
thank you  lasdhq &  lacofd for your quick response  following this story closely & praying for all the students in…
china backs trump project in indonesia to tune of  500 million  trump backs china with fix for zte  a company that…
tune in now to radio boston on 90 9 fm 
a positive development  but more work is needed to curb the crisis  including making prescribing safer  nh led the…
  housegop now pushing trump-style loyalty pledge for any member of congress - democrat or republican - before the…
now at meeting with  nygovcuomo   ricardorossello and the new york congressional delegation to continue our efforts…
rt  aacnpolicy  thank you   repdarrensoto  for cosponsoring the title viii nursing workforce reauthorization act 
the president continues to blame everyone around him for inaction on  daca   his typical failure to accept responsib…
rt  drdenagrayson  i agree‼️ cc  alangrayson
our nation s workers are the driving force behind our economy & the progress that has made our country what it is today  happy labor day 
happy monday  everyone  i m heading back to washington today after a successful 2-week district work period  ready…
at our request  five inspector general inquiries are taking place regarding  epascottpruitt s actions  he is the po…
confirmed   donaldjtrumpjr met with a russian spy at trump tower 
as a proud alumni of mercedes high school and former school board member  i am thankful and honored to have   
i spoke with  akbarsahmed of  huffpost about trump s decision to pull out of the iran deal  and how it emboldens pu…
rt  dryararobertson  13th annual congressman david scott s health fair  breastexam givingback  repdavidscott
this is not a drill  we cannot destroy the arctic refuge by letting it become an oil field  it s a national treasur…
have you read about democrats  plan for a better deal  it s focused on better jobs  better pay  and a better future…
joining  alexwitt on  msnbc in a few moments 
despite the recent rise in manatee deaths   usfws downgraded protections  calling on  interior to reverse decision…
i encourage all residents of these georgia counties to be aware of what you can do to conserve water drought
rt  msnbc  this administration  continues to divide america up and offer a series of solutions that comes only for a part of america at the…
the level 1 driving warning for new castle county begins at 2pm  that means  • exercise extra caution operating a m…
we saw an end to abortion  in our time   it resulted in women dying from botched operations  abortion is a medical…
 leslievermeulen leslie - i am sick of it too  i want us to take actions to help reduce gun violence  but president…
i posted a new photo to facebook
press conference w  farenthold   johncornyn   govabbott  county judges  and others for a hurricane harvey update
thank you the  nationalbar for inviting me to speak  it s great to share with legal experts how we can work togethe…
proud to have my  sotu  guest  ana campa castillo  here in washington to show  potus the invaluable contributions ou…
last year  1 out of every 10 dollars spent on heath care was spent on prescription drugs  that is untenable  i j…
rt  usbahaiopa  many thanks to  repschakowsky for her statement on the bahai bicentenary  bahaullah200
  feliksakar i will be having a seniors fair on 9/21  10-1  at the palmerton borough gym  443 delaware ave  for more info  call 570-341-1050
my thoughts and prayers are with the victims of the tragic shooting in sutherland springs  their families  and the first baptist church 
on vietnam war veterans day  we recognize and honor the sacrifices of our brave men and women in uniform  those who g…
 a clean environment is important to most nj residents  but it takes sound policies  & dedicated citizens willing t…
i started my career in congress fighting to protect the environment  and the fight goes on 
rt  usgsvolcanoes   hvo  kilauea may 15 morning update  lava erupting from multiple points on ne end of fissure system  new fissure opened…
people should be paid based on the quality of their work  not their gender  today is equal pay day – the symbolic da…
the  bluecollardems talked to vp  joebiden about how we re standing up for hardworking men & women  we re fighting…
rt  passtarnews  students at mckinley school  a k-8 in pasadena  started participating in a  amarch4ourlives demonstration at 10 a m 
protect s n a p
in case you missed it  here s the link to my first congressional debate on pioneer public television 
trump pardons  scooter  libby in cia leak case  libby leak
rt  barackobama  there are few issues more important to the security of the us than the potential spread of nuclear weapons or the potentia…
i am proud to introduce to you my constituent kyra-lee harry   4h recipient  who has used her passions for stem and…
rt  carmelorios  también compartimos con el senador bill nelson y congresista darren soto quienes han sido grandes aliados de los boricuas…
glad to join meeting of senior service coalition of lake county which seeks to connect local senior organizations w…
proud to join itaa and discuss bold proposals about what we need for indian country  as tribal sovereignty is being…
serious about affordable health care for everyone  time to tackle real issues  my plan to stabilize the indv market…
el siguiente paso es que la junta nombre un dir  ejecutivo y el personal profesional de apoyo  de conformidad con el artículo 103 de promesa
what s your favorite thing to do in wisconsin s 3rd district  national traveland tourism week
finished up a great trip thru sw oregon today  5 town halls  2 days  enthusiastic & engaged crowds  looking forward…
rt  cbschicago  the loyola ramblers dance to their first n c a a tournament appearance in 33 years today 
the report from house intelligence committee republicans is further proof they were never serious about a thorough …
rt  hascdemocrats  catch  repadamsmith tonight on  cnnsitroom with  wolfblitzer at 6pm et/3pm pt  discussing giuliani   realdonaldtrump  an…
rt  aacnpolicy   reploiscapps has championed nursing legislation for 18 years  including title viii nursing workforce programs 
rt  carefirst_news  support from community leaders like  repraskin is vital to our work to increase comprehensive primary care and behavior…
it was a pleasure to join veronica de la garza  utrgv vice president of government relations  and my colleagues    
this is outrageous  trump admin was warned in u s  embassy cables from  statedept diplomats that expelling 300 000…
9 years ago today  the lilly ledbetter fair pay act  which i was proud to co-sponsor  became the law of the land  i…
 realdonaldtrump  housegop  whitehouse this week i warned  worccountybar the rule of law is under attack from…
setting the record straight 👏🏾
just a reminder that democrats introduced a solution to trump ruining daca protections a full 182 days ago 
on may 4th of last year  republicans cast their votes on trumpcare  one of the most irresponsible pieces of legisla…
icymi  earlier this month i had the opportunity to visit  nellisafb   creech_afb  & hawthorne army depot and unders…
find out everything you need to know to get covered during open enrollment  nov 1 – dec 15  
mr  president  what you call  political  are actually called facts  and your concern for sources and methods would…
  speakerryan may be getting ready to leave congress  but first he has plans to attack medicare  his  balanced budg…
it s clear  govmurphy is putting nj working families first  in his first budget address  he recommitted support on…
the 2020census is under siege by the trump administration and i m fighting back with my  housedemocrats colleagues…
pleased to have spent indiana s bicentennial honoring these students who completed 200 outstanding citizenship skil…
in the words of han solo   never tell me the odds   congrats  elonmusk  goodspeed falcon heavy 🇺🇸🚀
it s a dark day  the house just passed a massive tax bill that gives trillions in giveaways to corporations and the…
exciting to listen to nancy pelosi and my house colleagues address tens of thousands energized women marchers  and…
rt  reginawalton  at  lyft for  cbctech2020    repmaxinewaters  repbarbaralee  repgregorymeeks  gkbutterfield congressional black caucus tec…
in honor of national women s history month we celebrate mn entertainer judy garland  at age 17 she starred in her b…
rt  junior_naa  in one hour  newtown high school joins  womensmarchy & thousands of other schools across the nation to say enough is  enoug… 
evergreen 🌲 —&gt   unlike legislation  a regulatory change is impermanent  subject to the whims of our commander in ch…
congratulations to  cds_tuhsd and  hamilton_high for representing arizona at the center for  civiceducation we the…
rt  mycalvet  great day honoring vietnam-era veterans  special thanks to u s  department of veterans affairs  vva-500  congressmen  repbera…
new democratic chair working to bring all of us together for a renewed travis county effort on behalf of all democr…
great to meet with tony award winning broadway producer and chairman of the eugene o neill theater center in…
wishing everyone a safe and happy new year  throughout 2017  i had the privilege of working on legislation to addre…
disturbing that orr director lloyd can t answer whether immigrant children are protected by the constitution…
extremely proud of the hard work of melissa salguero w/ the youth of p s 48  thank you for opening up the world of…
stopped by to congratulate the graduates of at the hampton university university college dean s reception and award…
rt  jdiamond1  lots of executive time today  folks   realdonaldtrump giving us a good sense of where his head is at at the start of this we…
so happy to see so many national leaders and friends like  repbarbaralee on our civil rights pilgrimage this weeken…
rt  mzanona  rep   gerryconnolly calls the chaplain rescinding his resignation letter a  bombshell    now the ball is clearly in paul ryan…
  epascottpruitt is wasting taxpayer dollars & rolling back clean water protections from coalash  it s time to…
rt  luannbennett  thank you  brownformd for your support & your help firing up  va10  voters excited for change in  va10   vir w i nia knockto…
officer greggory casillas s dream was to become a police officer  but on march 9  the final day before going out on…
momsdontneed cruel immigration policies and raids that tear their families apart  when immigrants thrive  our nati…
rt  udbluehens  our blue hens had a great time meeting  johncarneyde and legislators at the legislative hall in dover for ud day today  htt…
rt  repdwightevans  the min wage in philadelphia is a dismal  7 25/hour  while the avg rent in our city is  1 423  to pay for rent  residen…
rt  nrdcfedgov  thank you  rephuffman for leading the fight to protect marine mammals and oppose dangerous legislation to gut the cornersto…
for 48 years   barcc has provided non-judgmental care for victims of domesticviolence and sexualasssault  our com…
rt  bluecollardems  republicans claim their g o p tax scam benefits workers  but the results are in  the extra cash is lining the pockets of s…
abusive payday lenders make money by preying on the most vulnerable people  we cannot afford to roll back a rule is…
voila  the moment you ve all been waiting for  here s the restored clock from rochester s 1914 new york central st…
today i joined  exploreplanets and scientists working to return rock samples from mars by 2020 so scientists on ear…
rt  senschumer  it s official  we will have a vote on our cra to save net neutrality this wednesday  you have 3 days to make your voices he…
my statement on the delaware senate vote to defeat the equal rights amendment
if president trump is going to call for even an iota of private investment  then he needs to know we are not going…
the nashville shooter tried to trespass while armed into the white house  in accordance w/ the law his guns were gi…
attention educators and high school students -- the  ca37  congressional art competition is officially underway  for…
rt  coveredca_es  ¡aún hay tiempo  la fecha límite para recibir cobertura empezando el 1 de enero se ha extendido al 22 de diciembre 
rt  repmceachin  it s tax day – which means my republican colleagues will be talking up the g o p tax scam until they are blue in the face  ju…
i agree with  cardinalbcupich  we need the general assembly to find the  moral courage  to override the veto of the…
rt  repdankildee  four years later  flint families are still recovering from the water crisis and having to use filters & bottled water  in…
what a great day to relaunch a b q s bike share program  leaders and community members gathered to discuss how this…
california women have firm grip in house panel that oversees military
news   housedemocrats demand  realdonaldtrump end his attack on immigrants from honduras protected by  tps   ameri…
check out the full article here 
family unity is a fundamental human right  enshrined in international law  the trump administration s proposal and…
rt  talkpoverty   they are taking food out of the mouths of hungry children  and by the way  when people lose their snap benefits  their ki…
what the gop gets for its silence 
this past feb   14 students and three staff members  were fatally shot and 14 others were wounded  making the stone…
just one week left for high school students in  il05  to submit their artwork for the 2018 congressional art compet…
net neutrality means consumers—not big corporations—choose what websites and applications we see online …
linda brown represents the profound courage that change agents have possessed throughout our nation s history  her…
today is  epascottpruitt s birthday  he should celebrate it by spending the day at home  and then staying there 
great to join a few other  bad hombres  yesterday to gotv after attending  mexic_arte s vivalavida2016 parade
the person selected for this fellowship will work with constituents who need help handling veterans-related casewor…
i held a productive meeting yesterday with the new bp gulf of mexico president  starlee sykes  to discuss the impor…
my great-grandparents came to hawaii from japan to work on the sugar plantations  america is a nation of immigrants…
rt  housingaction  thank you  repschakowsky for supporting h r  1661 to strengthen  lihtc  in illinois and nationwide
1 in 50 americans have a brain aneurysm &  bafound s work changes the outcome for many of those families  tonight …
this week i joined colleagues on a resolution calling for the resignation of epa administrator scott pruitt  pruitt…
happy mothers day to all the amazing  selfless  hardworking moms out there  and a very special one to my own mother…
while ms-13 threatens local cops  gop mbrs of cong  demanding 100 s of 1000 s docs about trump/clinton investgtns …
winnie madikizela-mandela s lifelong fight for freedom and equality will be remembered in the hearts of the thousan…
an earthquake early warning system will save lives  property and critical infrastructure — yet   potus has once aga…
i won t stop fighting for alzheimer s patients and caregivers  one day  we will see the cure for this terrible dise…
pruitt announced on march 1st that he would discontinue the practice of flying first-class  after more than a year…
yesterday  i participated in a briefing with the incredible staff of  cdcgov  thank you for your dedication to our…
rt  migrantfreedom   the countless number of horrific assaults  senseless abuses and needless deaths of immigrants in detention prove that…
rt  news3lv  unlv students  state officials rally to mark 19th anniversary of columbine shooting https //t co/hmxxa6o8kg
watch live now on  cspan 2 
the credibility of the united states must be maintained in both word & action  and when we walk away from the table…
we should never forget the atrocities committed during the holocaust  we must recommit as a nation to stem the tide…
april 14 will mark 1460 days since boko haram abducted 276 schoolgirls  112 are still missing   bbog 
4/ question  who was  realdonaldtrump s pick to lead the  uscpsc  answer  someone who opposes consumer safety prote…
if you need a reason to be optimistic about our future  look no further than this group of texas a&m corps of cadet…
a woman has to work over 15 months to earn the same pay for the same work that a man makes in one year  it s even l…
  repebj  repadams  we will never give up the fight for the chibok girls  4 years too long 
 tampafamilyhc are a lifeline for families all across our community  it was great to see everyone in sulpher sprin…
we get one shot at a farm bill every five years  are you willing to trade it for  speakerryan s last shot at taking…
bipartisanship gets things done  tomemmer
rt  reppeteaguilar  there are now nearly 250 house members signed onto our queen of the hill rule to allow us to start debate on legislation…
rt  intheq2030  thanks for joining us  repcheri 
trump tells 57 000 hondurans who ve lived in the us for 20 years to get out another attack by trump on *legal* imm…
good morning hawaii  tune in now to am 690 to hear rep  tulsi gabbard discuss kauai recovery efforts on the mike…
at easter we honor sacrifice & reflect on life s blessings of grace  mercy  but  potus  spreads untruths bc he sabo…
rep  erin maye quade is a woman of sincere and firm conviction  especially concerning common sense gun safety  she …
 not only are the tax cuts unwise  they re unfair  corporations saw their tax rate slashed from 35% to 21% -- a cut…
rt  lcvoters  yes  ej task force co-chairs  repbarragan   repmceachin &  repjayapal led several of their colleagues in a letter expressing…
the current sky-high cost of child care is a raw deal for working families  rep  cicilline pushes for a better deal…
congrats to dodge ball mvp  kelseylouise34 from team clark  great day to support the important work of  bgcstoneham
got a big thank you from crewmembers ursula  susan  lorretta and barbara from  alaskaair  photographer veda  and…
rt  barackobama  dr  king was 26 when the montgomery bus boycott began  he started small  rallying others who believed their efforts matter…
the business community and the world need certainty that we will be open for business but the g o pshutdown prohibit…
rt  cnnnewsroom  democratic rep  ted lieu says trump s tweet on attorney-client privilege this morning  shows once again that the president…
15 tweets about the nfl but silence on puerto rico   potus  focus on our citizens in crisis without water  food  co…
are you a local senior who needs help with social security or medicare  we ve helped return more than  1 million in…
24 years ago today  carol moseley-braun becomes first and still only african american woman elected to united stat…
having read both memos by the intelligence committee  the president s decision to only publish the gop version is d…
rt  rvivian370  at the civil rights award ceremony & banquet in orlando   hrc_orlando  lachicamayra  jodeelive  repdarrensoto  valeriesoto1…
open enrollment starts tomorrow  don t wait until the last minute  visit and get covered 
what do you guys think of this article  looking for opinions 
only 3 days left to submit works of art for the congressional art competition  have your work hung in the u s  capi…
rt  congressoftom    replahood and  replipinski are leading the charge to end congressional dysfunction  americans need a congress that wor…
rt  womenbelong  thank you  repjayapal for standing up for immigrantmoms this mothersday  and every day   all the moms of webelongtogeth…
more than 200 former u s  ambassadors and diplomats have raised the alarm  the corrosion of our  statedept threaten…
this mothers day  i can t imagine the horror of being a child forcibly separated from my mother by the government …
rt  ttdaflcio  we applaud  rep_hunter  repgaramendi  repdavejoyce  reprichmond for standing up for good jobs  a strong u s  maritime indust…
rt  housejuddems    repjerrynadler   many of our nation s great cultural icons have been unfairly denied compensation  that is why this bil…
pleased to see horizon investing the savings it received from the tax scam  unlike too many of their competitors  w…
last chance  az09  students  contact our office by today  friday  april 6th  to enter the congressional art competit…
my thoughts are with those affected by this morning s shooting  grateful for  capitolpolice  who put their lives on the line every day 
rt  officialcbc  of course we have to start with our forever first lady   michelleobama  the ivy league-educated attorney became america s…
fattah tax credit for students permanently extended / college costs 20 billion to 11 million families via  thestreet
i am proud to receive a 100% score on the  defenders of wildlife s 2017 conservation report card  i am committed to…
shameful  this is a dangerous game to play 
today i had the opportunity to question  icegov leadership on the trump administration s cruel and excessive enforc…
thank you   wwfhc1  honored by this kind recognition and grateful for the work you do every day to keep our familie…
rt  mtrainierwatch  the mountain is out and majestic  photos don t do her justice  😍 | 📷 by  jmcgregor228 rainier watch  via ig
rt  lcvoters  icymi  why epa administrator is under fire for literally living in an industry lobbyist s capitol hill condo 
happening soon  briefing w  repjohnkatko on children s mental health at 12pm et  tune in live at mhm2018 end stigma
open enrollment for health care is short this year  november 1st to december 15th  don t miss your chance to…
we are not helpless to  realdonaldtrump s threats to fire mueller  or his boss   i asked  housejudiciary to act imm…
rt  americanrivers    repraulgrijalva   nikiinthehouse   repblumenauer   replowenthal   rephuffman  and  repjayapal - thank you for opposin…
good luck at the olympics team u s a  we re rooting for you  pyeong chang2018
my heart goes out to the victims and families of the devastating school shooting in florida  i cannot imagine the p…
 teddyfresh13 i of course condemn any killing of innocent people  far too many innocent palestinians and israelis h…
arizonans voted to set aside  3 5 billion to improve our state s schools  we worked across the aisle with…
yesterday  i had a great discussion with  gregfenves  president of  utaustin  and ellyn perrone  senior associate v…
last week  i joined  keithellison &  repcicilline appealing to trump to extend ded  a temporary immigration program…
looking for a way to celebrate earth day  look no further 
  epascottpruitt s time at epa has been mired with secrecy  waste of taxpayer  s and widespread conflicts of intere…
rt  nancypelosi  given that the president doesn t see a deal between democrats and the white house  we believe the best path forward is to…
  epascottpruitt is currently under at least seven separate independent federal investigations  he needs to be held…
speaker ryan seems to be following the hastert rule  even if it continues the trump shutdown  dems are ready to hel…
i was pleased to meet with  kourtneykardash today to discuss the need for cosmetics reform  for too long  cosmetics…
before these tariffs were raised  i said they would cause a trade war  w/ agriculture as a prime target  the tari…
visit our new website on the  aicaucus and learn more about the bipartisan work  reppeteolson and i are doing to ma…
it was a pleasure to welcome you to the office  thank you for stopping by  best wishes on the rest of your semester 
too many college grads are sinking in quicksand of predatory student loan debt  what s the answer  how about the g…
the american dream depends on a strong foundation — good jobs  affordable education  robust infrastructure   sotu 
join me tonight at 7 p m  cst for our telephone townhall  there s a lot to discus and i m ready to take your quest…
here s my talk w  thom_hartmann re  war against  isis   syriaairstrikes & state of national service in america
rt  fpwa   we will fight back on any attack on the working poor  1 7 million new yorkers rely on snap    nydiavelazquez protect s n a p
trump s infrastructure scam would ultimately lead to higher fees and taxes on middle-class taxpayers  instead  the…
stood today  sjh_nj w/ senatormenendez   senbooker  & health professionals to highlight the importance of our alto…
our nation s roads are crumbling  our bridges are collapsing  trains are running off the tracks and our pipelines a…
since she can t change the constitution  she and others on the trump right want to prevent census from being accur…
2 the gop bill raises the deficit by   1 7 trillion  g o p tax scam
new tax plan provides huge giveaways for the very wealthiest  but somehow trump swears it s not a good deal for him…
during national travel and tourism week  it was an honor to recognize the hospitality employees in our district who…
rt  housejudiciary   repgoodlatte  repjohnconyers  jimpressoffice  jacksonleetx18 reminder  tune in at 9 45am on facebook as we unveil to …
hurricane maria devastated puerto rico over 5 months ago  but full relief has yet to be delivered and a return to n…
working together—whether that s across the aisle  across the country  or across generations—is the only way to keep…
so far in 2017  at least 25 transgender people – mostly trans women of color – have been killed  we must end this…
my bill with  repcurbelo to ban bump stocks was cosponsored by more republicans than any other gun safety bill in r…
that s why i asked dept  of human resources sec  johnson to analyze current policy and training  and to recommend i…
the affordable care act guarantees that insurance companies cannot discriminate against americans with pre-existing…
and changing the work requirements will ultimately do little to help unemployment  rather  it will just add more red tape to the system 
to abandon the iran nuclear deal without developing a clear and effective replacement plan in concert with our alli…
countless women are mistreated and abused by our overly aggressive criminal justice system  this week  i met with s…
rt  nationalnurses  author of nnu sponsored health care workplace violence prevention act  hr 5223   reprokhanna -  you don t have to be a…
the ethical lapses and federal investigations continue to pile up for  epascottpruitt  he needs to be held accounta…
the conceal carry reciprocity act will undermine california s gun safety measures  which is why i oppose  hr38   it …
i just published  taking food out of the mouths of hungry children  
tune in to  cspan now to watch  repmaxinewaters and i host a  special order  on the  cfpb w/ our democratic colleag…
 natalia22u  emkinstitute  rosadelauro  ldforry  annissaforbos  mayor_spicer  sparkboston  bostonwomen agreed  💃🏿💃🏼💃🏾💃
it s infrastructure week  and congressman garamendi is live on the house floor talking about how to rebuild america…
i m old enough to remember  realdonaldtrump promising  1 5t in infrastructure spending  yet nothing  you spend more…
excited to announce that hhs awarded over  4 million to scranton lackawanna head start
congratulations to this year s inductees into the rhode island heritage hall of fame  you have all made invaluable…
i m proud to kick off womens history month by introducing the girls  stem  act of 2018  we must continue to expand op…
trumpcare will harm rural communities all across south carolina by making it harder to access care 
new iran sanctions - for wrongdoing unrelated to the nuclear program – entirely consistent with the nuclear agreeme…
wonderful to meet with local  ndss advocates from san jose  ca today 
pay for wall street insiders spiked again this year  but 86 million middle class families are getting a tax hike un…
americans deserve real answers on how trump earns & spends    i have demanded his tax returns in congress  but repu…
polls are open   find yours here 
proud of my f from the  nra  proud to have taken  0 from them  proud to introduce and co-sponsor commonsense gun sa…
trump knows their is evidence of criminal behavior in cohen papers and will do all in his power to keep that from…
farmers in minnesota should be protected from overreaching federal regulations  which is why i originally co-sponsored the water bill
my statement on  realdonaldtrump s decision to withdraw from the iran nuclear deal 
rt  repteddeutch  congress must investigate whether the  nra illegally used foreign donations to fund its political activity  according to…
h r  4240 mandates universal background checks for all gun purchases  it is one critical step in the right directio…
glad to see the spirit of kindness prevail in our community
today take a moment to reach out and thank the teachers who have made a difference in all of our lives  we should h…
rt  lexisb  today i attended the  nationalaction women s power luncheon hosted by  angela_rye  very inspiring  especially the speech by rep…
many constituents asked for resources to better understand the unconventional tax legislation process  my staff has…
national park week is coming up  find your park april 21 through april 29  and enjoy a fee-free day on saturday  apr…
epa administrator scott pruitt has lost the trust and confidence of the american people  he needs to go 
 proteinsciences  a biotech firm in meriden  is developing cutting-edge  life-saving vaccines to treat and prevent…
last week  i toured the new facilities of randolph high school in universal city  tx with randolph field superinten…
rt  ricardorossello  gracias  repjoseserrano por su apoyo a un paquete de ayuda suplemental para para la reconstrucción de nuestra isla fr…
we re asking  housecommerce leaders to have  epascottpruitt also testify to the oversight and investigations subcom…
rt  nancypelosi  my staff & i are closely following developments from the active shooter situation at youtube hq in san bruno  ca  thank yo…
today marks five years since the tragic shooting at sandy hook  since 2012  there have been more than 1 700 mass sh…
join our team as we communicate our message of justice  equality and peace to the voters  goknockdoors
rt  issueonereform  as facebook ceo mark zuckerberg testifies on capitol hill today and tmrw  the bipartisan  bicameral honest ads act has…
 the growing need for long-term care is one of the greatest threats to retirement security for american seniors  an…
on monday  i m holding sidewalk office hours in san luis obispo from 5pm to 6 30pm  please share with any neighbors…
go nancy go
we need an infrastructure plan that makes daily life easier for america s hard-working families  not one that makes…
proud to stand with  aaaj_aajc and  capac on the importance of modernizing our family immigration system  aspiring…
team gottheimer presented a congressional certificate of recognition to former chief louis franco at a ceremony hon…
i strongly support extending  tps   deporting 325k of our neighbors  friends  & coworkers would be morally wrong & cost us billions  save t p s
here s what more than 100 retired military leaders said about confirming gina haspel   it would send a terrible si…
the new  300/person family credit is only temporary  while corporate cuts are permanent billionaries first
rt  edworkforcedems  hey  realdonaldtrump and  betsydevosed   icymi  arming teachers is not the answer  enough is eno…
rt  housebudgetdems  whenever a republican claims their billionaires first budget is designed with the middle class in mind  remind them of…
rt  hascdemocrats    repadamsmith debating nuclear posture review now in  fy19ndaa   trump npr  sets forth a policy where we spend more than…
thank you to everyone who participated in my telephone town hall tonight about the gop tax plan 
major announcement by  nycedc on the revitalization of the brooklyn waterfront and the first step in constructing a…
 icymi   my staff will be holding mobile office hours today at  pnmtalk s good neighbor fund event from 1-3 p m  if y…
so glad to have so many people with us tonight for our town hall at the high school of fashion industries  we final…
i was honored to participate in the groundbreaking for the dwight d  eisenhower memorial  he was a hero & leader fo…
 louise s ability to appeal to and evoke the best in us is part of what made her a brilliant legislator and an amaz…
the  balanced budget amendment  is nothing short of radical  housegop-led propaganda that forces hard-working ameri…
rhode island has modernized its election systems with e-polls books  which will make voting quicker and easier  tha…
rt  jimlangevin  i m proud to co-sponsor  repbeatty s resolution recognizing april as financial literacy month  financial literacy prepares…
rt  mayorbriley  sometimes old myths have to die  it s time for nashville to write an epitaph for the myth that says the car is the key to…
i am proud to represent a district in the pacific northwest with a significant asian pacific american community tha…
a1  immigration is a women s rights issue  too many immigrant women are forced to work in the shadows where they re…
as we talked over dinner so many times  she would regale us with sure fire quips and clear eyed commentary about th…
it s been one year since trump enacted his racist & hateful muslim ban  it was wrong then and it s wrong now …
sat down with students from across the district today to discuss ways we can prevent gun violence and keep our scho…
rep  tulsi gabbard is an original cosponsor of the raise the wage act  which would raise the minimum wage to  15 an…
big day  i am very excited to be welcoming nelson melgar  a local dreamer  to the u s  capitol today  nelson will b…
the gop-led congress has tried many times to repeal the  aca   failing that  they and the president continue to sabo…
the global fragility and violence reduction act represents a significant first step in bringing the defense  diplom…
when we heard how the medical device tax would harm local job growth  reduce access to capital  and slow research a…
over past 2yrs of  housegop  there has been no bills 2 strengthen our background checks system by extending 2 gun shows & online sales  2/
spent the morning packing lunches with the genesee county community action resource department  their program makes…
my mother didn t have much money  but she made sure to fill each of her 9 babies w/ strength & love  her example ta…
america is a nation of laws  no one is above them or immune from accountability to them  that simple fact has prote…
today i announced funding for  usda rural development programs to tackle opioid crisis  the department has reserved…
correct link 
joined colleagues  repfredupton  repjohnfaso  repesty in leading a bipartisan letter to house appropriators calling…
i opposed  epascottpruitt s nomination and confirmation  and now i call on him to resign  he should be replaced b…
rt  johnwhitekesq  congressman dr  raul ruiz continues his fight on burn pits after the death of a local veteran from pancreatic cancer  w…
rt  repjayapal  flint  michigan hasn t had clean water for the past 4 years  the people of flint cannot ignore this  we must not forget it…
i was delighted to meet with  delta to discuss the importance of air transportation for georgia and our nation 
net neutrality helps businesses and consumers in sacramento innovate and compete  today  i am joining 149 of my col…
today i had the pleasure of meeting skyler jones of ossining  who finished 8th out of 1 800 students in the 2018 re…
  epascottpruitt needs to go 
rt  hardball   we are now a tourist economy and we are going to lose this year    staceyplaskett on us virgin islands after hurricane seaso…
to acquaint yourself with the vista program and determine if vista is right for your organization  please visit …
rt  wspriggs  over the year  average hourly pay is up 2 6%  this is in line with the report this week that compensation costs were up 2 7%…
the house just passed h con res  111 supporting the united bid committee s efforts to bring the 2026  fifaworldcup…
rt  unitewomennj  zuckerberg demuring at saying how much facebook made last year   wtf   repdianadegette doing a great job  simple yes or no…
 douglassmacon  established in macon  ga in 1921 by charles douglass  was macon s most popular venue for african-am…
rt  repcohen  michael cohen and the end stage of the trump presidency we are watching real time the end of a gangst…
good piece in  nytimes today outlining what we know—and still don t—about how facebook uses our data  looking forwa…
joining  wolfblitzer on  cnnnewsroom in the 1 pm et/10 am pt hour today to discuss  zte  and other news of the day …
our new york delegation has lost our dean  a true champion  mentor and great friend  louiseslaughter  thank you to…
our veterans advisory council honored future servicemembers at  tempegov s 4th annual community salutes  thank you…
after driving up the deficit with a tax plan that puts billionaires first  it is no surprise that the trump budget…
rt  reptimwalz  rick perry is unfit to be va secretary  his lack of tangible experience opens him up to manipulation from ideologues & he h…
that s 800 000 citizens who are teachers  engineers  educators  nurses & most notably members of our armed forces…
today i sent a letter to secretary tillerson urging him to fully utilize allocated resources to protect u s  electi…
  repmaxinewaters and i took to the floor of the house yesterday to defendthe c f p b against the all-out assault by…
tomorrow morning i ll join judiciary ranking member congressman  jerrynadler  congresswoman  jacksonleetx18 &…
joining  wolfblitzer on  cnnsitroom today at 2 pm pt/ 5 pm et  there s a lot to talk about and i hope you ll join us on  cnn 
rt  craignewmark  hey  i seriously recommend  big guns   sharp satire of the gun lobby via  repsteveisrael  i got mine at amazon 
rt  repkclark  i will never forget watching as the  housegop celebrated passing trumpcare – a vote which caused families across the countr…
 the truth is that illegal entry at the southwest border is at its lowest level in nearly half a century  …
the  epa decision to roll back vehicle emission standards is irresponsible and disregards the preponderance of scie…
polluting pruitt s time at epa has been mired in secrecy  waste of taxpayer  s and widespread conflicts of interest…
saddened by the loss of  louiseslaughter  a colleague whom i greatly admired as a champion for women s health & the…
protect the net
today at 5pm  rep  cicilline is hosting his annual senior resources fair at the east providence senior center  610…
solution  ban access to assault weapons in order to keep our communities safer from gunviolence enoughis enough…
building a better evanston one brick at a time 
on this valentines day - i m sending a message to all sexual violence survivors  your courage and resilience inspir…
rt  junemonroe3905  thank u congressman ruben kihuen for meeting me this afternoon about possibly cosponsoring hr3867-early kidney disease…
when my father arrived in this country  he was a farm worker  chávez fought for farm workers all his life  he belie…
when women succeed  america succeeds  it s time for congress to pass the paycheck fairness act and end the pay disp…
wishing everyone a very happy st patricks day 
less than 1 month away from the deadline to participate in the  ca37  congressional art competition  the winner will…
rt  repperlmutter  the g o p tax scam favors the wealthy and well-connected in colorado and other states  across the country  people at the ve…
joining  repmarktakano  repgonzalez  repraulgrijalva this morning at 10 00amct/11 00amet for a forum on challenges…
rt  replloyddoggett  i called to postpone g o ptaxbill for proper review  if they have nothing to hide  1 wk & public hearing won t hurt  h…
a reminder that america needs to continue funding stem education & supporting innovation 
democrats will vote in the senate on wednesday to reverse trump s disastrous decision to end net neutrality  call m…
mr  president  the constitution does not allow you to fire the person investigating you  permitting such would allo…
title x is a program that provides health insurance for the poorest americans  including 720 000 pap tests  1 milli…
today  147 of my colleagues and i sent a letter to  speakerryan requesting an explanation because this abrupt dismi…
the g o ptaxscam bill got rushed through congress so fast we re going to have a re-vote tomorrow to clean up rule vi…
here s a montage of republicans making promises about the tax bill that are directly contradicted by reality 
the american people have lost faith in the epa  i am supporting a resolution that calls for  epascottpruitt s immed…
congrats to the cyclones 
let s stay at this  we can make health care more affordable for everyone  regardless of their gender  age  employme…
congratulations to syamantak payra of clear brook high school for winning 9th place in regeneron s t s 2018 …
in this country  we hold parades to honor our veterans  not our political leaders  rather than waste taxpayer money…
a great day to celebrate the natural beauty of the fifth district earth day2018
to mark the start of small business week  i was in irvington yesterday to visit some of the successful small busines…
congress continued to perfect the cra over many years  today  we celebrate the 50th anniversary of the…
thank you to  lapubliclibrary and la city archivist michael holland for having me today to discuss la history and m…
i call on congressional leadership to schedule hearings so we can get to the bottom of the rash firing of fbi director comey 
our work for the full  150 million funding for metro safety improvements is bearing fruit in the fiscal year 2019…
to celebrate teacher appreciation week  i introduced a resolution to honor teachers & educators across the country …
rt  csccancerpolicy  thank you  daveloebsack for meeting about health care & patient experience in research act  gildasclubqc  cancersuppor…
national volunteer week has been celebrated since 1974 as a reminder of the strength and kindness of the volunteers…
 dhs report finds russia successfully hacked into sophisticated cyber networks for nuclear  water  and power plants…
more odd than soulfood w/o chicken is  conanobrien in harlem  apollotheater  watch the mocumentary here 
many thanks to the members of my education advisory committee for the thoughtful feedback and important discussion…
it s been 8 years since the affordable care act became law  the results - a historically low uninsured rate  preven…
great conversation w/ heffnera from  openmindtv about problem solvers caucus & the need for bipartisan solutions 
rt  weareboeingsc  special thanks to both  clyburn and  uofsc dr  donaldson for sharing their perspectives on diversity and inclusion durin…
on this day in 1858  minnesota earned its statehood  happy 160th birthday to our great state 
it is critical that congress and the american people be provided with a clear plan for how to work with our allies…
95% of the country  people in red and blue districts  agree that dreamers should stay in the u s  dream act now
are you in lincoln today  every game is a big game when you re a top 10 team  good luck to  huskerfbnation and go…
smoke haze while driving on currently-closed i-84 along the columbia river 
thanks for having me 
rt  dpeaflcio  spending the last office visit of arts advocacy day with  rephankjohnson s staff  united for the arts
tax bill lets trump and republicans feather their own nests
rep  tulsi gabbard has continued to fight to keep air travel taxes & fees as low as possible for people in hawaii…
thank you  delaware uaw and cap council  for stopping by my office to talk about fair wages  protecting workers rig…
 senate bill would raise taxes on millions of middle-class families     disproportionately benefit high earners and…
may is national foster care month  a time to recognize our nation s more than 400 000 foster youth in addition to t…
rt  brhodes  occasionally need to step back and remember that a foreign adversary attacked our democracy to aid one political party  and th…
rt  housejuddems  watch today s markup of  hr4092  &  hr3711  live 
the iran deal is working and is making us safer  withdrawing from the agreement is misguided and undermines our nat…
it s outrageous for mick mulvaney to close the  cfpb s office for students and young consumers which has  ✅returned…
thanks rep   carlosgsmith for joining us  proud to work with you to serve our orlando community  fla pol
the president suggested slashing or eliminating many of the programs supported by this funding bill  congress rejec…
as i said to  secretarycarson this morning  public service is a public trust  when you serve the american people  y…
the energy lobbyist tied to pruitt s sweetheart apartment rental claimed at the time that he had not lobbied…
rt  progcongressact  freedom of the press isn t just a key part of the first amendment  it s integral to maintaining a functional democracy…
rt  andrewcohennyc  join us for the unveiling of  andrew sandler way   a street co-naming ceremony to honor the life and work of a lifelong…
do you think the govt should expand social security  tell me at my ss town hall  8/17 9am fremont library  soc sec81
yes  he does 
active-duty troops  as well as our guard and reserve members  will not get paid during the trump shutdown  this is…
only 29% of 18-23 years olds are eligible to serve in the military and more than 50% of those eligible are female …
rt  protectourcare  watch   hhsgov  secazar is asked by members of the house ways and means committee about the trump budget s cuts to heal…
all the more reason the gop tax plan should not eliminate tax exempt bonds used to build affordable housing  we nee…
working together to ensure that formerly incarcerated people have an opportunity to get back into the workforce is…
the joint comprehensive plan of action is a great diplomatic achievement  yet  the president has chosen to utterly ignore that reality 
in a world with so many pressing challenges & awful injustices to face and address  this is how the trump administr…
at ugm baptist church for m l k day celebration  we gathered to remember the dream and the dreamer  honored to be par…
today in  president trump s cabinet deepens the swamp  news  scott pruitt s  100 000 trip to morocco was arranged b…
wishing a happy birthday to my good friend   staceyplaskett  thank you for your principled leadership and advocacy…
there have now been five republican governmentshutdowns in less than 30 years  this shutdown was a direct result o…
rt  nrdems  group of dems -  repraulgrijalva   repdonbeyer   repmceachin   replowenthal   nikiinthehouse - request  interior ig investigati…
la batalla continuó con la reforma de salud   
i encourage my friends across the aisle to listen to their republican colleague   marcorubio  when he truthfully su…
the farm bill is of vital importance to me and my constituents  it provides certainty and support to the farmers th…
a majority of republicans  democrats  and independents support daca   speakerryan  it s time to bring a bipartisan…
we must take action on the increased prevalence of hate crimes in our communities  that is why i cosponsored hr 156…
thank you so much for taking the time to write to me so personally and so passionately about this issue – i hear yo…
my latest coffee w constituents saw a discussion of oiltrains fostercare net neutrality ty  normandyperk 4 hosting
i urge the president to reverse his decision and leave the current deal in place  while working with our internatio…
rt  reptedlieu  proud to join  replloyddoggett  davidcicilline  repraskin to introduce this legislation  firing special counsel mueller wou…
all trans people should grow up and live in an accepting  safe and just society  trans is beautiful disarm hate comptons cafeteria riot
thankful every day for the courage of capitol police who keep us safe day in & day out  thoughts with  stevescalise  the officers & staff 
today on the floor  the house of representatives will consider seven bills 
exhorto al senado federal a que actúe y apruebe el proyecto  promesa   es vital para puerto rico 
the effects of climate change have cost the u s  economy at least  240 billion per year over the last 10 years  we…
thank you  arizzo44 for using your platform to defend parkland survivors and speaking out on the need for sensible…
rt  reptedlieu  rep   louiseslaughter s passing is a huge loss  she was a groundbreaking leader & spirited representative for ny-25  among…
on this thanksgiving day  i am thankful for my family  friends  staff  & the opportunity to serve the wonderful con…
in december i made a last-ditch effort to save net neutrality despite our hard work  the  fcc is moving forward wit…
today i signed a letter to president trump that urged him to deploy additional assets to support puerto rico and th…
make sure you stop by the 2018 n m science fiesta this saturday from 11am-3pm at tiguex park   abq   this event is fre…
rt  housedemwomen  the honor was ours  thank you   kristindavis for joining  housedemwomen today to talk about your great work  refugees on…
1/ iran is a real danger to the u s  and to the region and we must never let them get their hands on nuclear weapo…
families across arizona are torn apart by human trafficking  we cosponsored a commonsense solution  signed into law…
yesterday  i attended a briefing from the folks on the ground fighting the tinder fire  i want to thank type 1 inci…
rt  johndiazchron  do you think dems should make impeachment big issue in 2018 midterms   i asked  repswalwell his view today  here s the…
it s a sad day in new orleans as we say goodbye to  sallyannwwl  i would like to wish sally-ann all the best in her…
gop farm bill  doubles down on paying too much to the wrong people to grow the wrong food in the wrong places  it s…
an accurate 2020census is critical to our country and for researchers who want to understand how demographics chan…
  usdol s lawsuit against  palantirtech is a statement that discrimination is not acceptable
rt  ricksmithshow  tune in live 9pm-11pm as we talk gunsense & gun safety with  kharyp trump russia conspiracy & cohen with  thedemcoaliti…
1 in 4 nurses has been assaulted at work  that is unacceptable  i introduced the health care workplace violence pre…
public schools have a purpose and a role to play not just for individual students  but for communities across the n…
   it once again violates both the equal protection clause and the establishment clause of the united states constitution 
i had the honor of being the keynote speaker at a naturalization ceremony for 1 300 new u s  citizens in sacramento…
a must see at the state fair  buttercow i a state fair
affordable housing is already scarce in  nyc  & this latest report by  nyccomptroller scott stringer further highlig…
hope you re having a happy ides of march and are taking care around statues of pompey magnus  no matter how many ti…
i posted a new photo to facebook
so sad about louise slaughter s passing  she was an original  progressive  funny  effective and kind  and when else…
new report from  jctgov finds that 44% of the trump tax  small business  benefit will go to those making over  1 mi…
the lack of access to healthy and nutritious food undermines the health and well-being of our communities  pleased…
despite promises from the trump administration and congressional republicans  the average worker is not benefiting…
last week  an all-female crew conducted a b-1 flight to ellsworth air force base in honor of the barrier-breaking w…
rt  thelawmakers  check out our instagram post on congressman eliot engel  the effective lawmaker we re recognizing this week   repelioteng…
it was an honor to join the  gavinfoundation this week for the ribbon cutting of their recovery home in quincy and…
rt  dianeyentel  thank you for your leadership  nydiavelazquez  repjeffries  repespaillat  our homes our voices
rt  youthharbors  congressman jim mcgovern speaking towards the importance of addressing issues of food insecurity in the country  worceste…
me place anunciarles q 3mil estudiantes se beneficiarán de una asig de  1 3m como parte del prog búsqueda de talento del dpto edu fed
i posted a new photo to facebook
rt  vetaffairsdems  if you or someone you know is a veteran in crisis  you can call 1-800-273-8255 & press 1  chat online at
today the  officialcbc stood outside of the u s  capitol and wore  hbcu  gear from schools across…
this week i am traveling with a congressional delegation to jordan and israel  yesterday  we met with king abdullah…
 …the effects of the president s underinformed instincts  enabled by the ideologues in his administration  are begi…
three weeks before  wearesinclair announced a mega-merger allowing it to reach 72% of tv viewers  the trump fcc pav…
rt  outfrontcnn   the actions and statements by donald trump show evidence of guilt  it shows conscientiousness of guilt  because an innoce…
rt  kaijasays   repohalleran thank you once again for meeting with az crnas and being such a considerate representative and a strong advoca…
rt  dmdii_  dmdii and  arsenal_island have announced a collaboration to improve the nation s largest government-owned weapons manufacturer…
rt  broadwaymkt  the broadway market s hours for this week  easter buffalo
first  they exploded the national debt by  2 trillion to the benefit of corporations and the wealthiest americans b…
at the hands of this administration  6/7
great interview with  klcceugeneor earlier today about what i m working on at home and in dc 
  realdonaldtrump s attacks on d r e a mers cut to the core of communities  and his extremist immigration  principles  will only make it worse 
this year s theme   nevertheless  we persist  moving forward together  and this morning s very deserving awardees r…
thank you to the gables of ojai for giving me such a warm welcome today   ca26  ojai julia brownley4 congress
what moms need  quality  coordinated  woman-centered healthcare  what momsdontneed  the  housegop s continued atta…
looking forward to the hill newsmaker event tomorrow morning at the  newseum  i ll be talking with  bobcusack about…
today marks 6 months after maria struck puerto rico  very little has improved in parts of the island since i last vis…
as a doctor  admiral ziemer s departure is deeply alarming  especially when the administration is working to cut fu…
today on the armenian genocide day of remembrance we remember the 1 5 million innocent lives lost in 1915  my thoug…
rt  reppaultonko  medicaid is health insurance for the most vulnerable american families  1/5 of our people  forcing work requirements on…
rt  gwcisneros   the common needs of our districts binds us together across the aisle   -  repdarrensoto
rt  reprichardneal  you can t upend the tax system without creating serious problems – & we re already seeing the g o p tax scam creating many…
i support the 2nd amendment but we also need to accept the fact that the united states is unique in its problem wit…
rt  lcoutpost  dc update  w/ rep  jared huffman  in new radio series  the congressman is grilled on solar tariffs  banking fo
enjoyed meeting with members of the business community in boston this morning  thank you  necouncil for bringing to…
working families have been left behind for far too long  they deserve the tools to build a better tomorrow …
so glad the state s  unwritten  wait-your-turn  rules  don t apply here  we should find the best people to represen…
it s nurses week  👨🏽‍⚕️👩🏻‍⚕️ thank you for helping keep us healthy in our schools  homes  and hospitals  i m workin…
  housegop s farm bill guts nearly  20 billion dollars from  snap  — america s most important and effective anti-hun…
the numbers are in  and they confirm what we ve been saying all along – the  gop tax bill overwhelmingly benefits l…
wishing you all a very happy holidays   fbf  to 2013 
rt  repdonbeyer  trump fights for  jobs in china  the same week china loaned his business venture half a billion dollars  trump is selling…
check this out  if we really want to change the status quo in washington  we first need to change the way that memb…
73 years have passed since the end of wwii but for those who survived  and the descendants and relatives of those w…
school walkouts in marion county over school shootings have been canceled because of a school shooting   
rt  usatoday  she became the first and so far only female u s  speaker of the house in 2007  happy birthday  nancy pelosi 
may is foster care month  a time to recognize our nation s 400 000 fosteryouth & those who make a meaningful difference in their lives 
it played a major role in my decision to run for congress 
gop was so obsessed w/ giving tax breaks to corporations & the wealthy that they couldn t pass kids health  give ou…
 repespaillat  nydiavelazquez  repjeffries join community leaders to oppose  hudgov rent hike for low-income new yo…
today  delaware students  families and residents are standing up against gun violence and making their voices heard…
unfortunately  the  epa joined big oil at the expense of iowans  clean air & pocketbooks  when fully in place  clea…
the g o p tax scam speaker ryan and  housegop jammed into law was a reverse robin hood  and americans have seen right…
i have signed the discharge petitions on two gun background check bills i cosponsored  h r  4240 and h r  3464  a…
californians – today is the last day to sign up for health care coverage for 2018 under  coveredca  visit…
four years later  the flint water crisis is not over  flint families and children still need our support  rt to say…
my full statement on  realdonaldtrump s firing of secretary tillerson mepolitics
today i added my name to the kitten act  which will stop  usda s cruel experiments on defenseless cats 
rt  vetaffairsdems  trump should spend less time undermining 2020census & focus on questions that matter   uscensusbureau  if we are to se…
rt  ohiostathletics  👍🏀win column🏀👍  ohiostatehoops picked up  marchmadness win no  50 today vs  s  dakota st  the buckeyes own an overall…
rt barnacoatwbz        by the way  you heard it here first    i m calling for a capuano upset  // go team mike  keep it up  masen
rt  abc7   breaking  pedestrian fatally struck in boyle heights  nb 5 transition to nb 101 closed for unknown duration   chpsouthern says ht…
today marks the 8th anniv  of the affordable care act being signed into law  giving millions better access to cover…
republican sabotage of the  aca  in the g o p tax scam targets critical protections that keep americans healthy  that i…
at today s  housesmallbiz haring  i heard testimony from  autonomyworks  a chicago-area small business that employs…
hundreds of cycling advocates at the  bikeleague national summit agree  we need bikepartisanship  cycling is a sol…
maternal depression is nothing to be ashamed about  i m proud of all the mothers out there  they are our rocks  i l…
happy opening day 
 1/2  republicans must stop undermining  chip  & bring a clean extension to the floor asap 
with the passage of h res  835  the house of representatives is sending a strong message of support for the ironcla…
 habitat for humanity is one of the best programs we have  and you all do a lot of good   great to see you all in t…
fiscal year 2017 staffing for adequate fire and emergency response  safer  grant application period is now open and…
my prayers are with my colleagues  their aides  and the brave capitol police who were injured during this senseless act of violence 
rt  repmcgovern    housegop now pushing trump-style loyalty pledge for any member of congress - democrat or republican - before they can m…
rt  repteddeutch  last month  an 85-year-old holocaust survivor was brutally murdered in paris  last year  molotov cocktails were thrown a…
i hope everyone gets the hash-tagging and the blame game out of their system soon  because frankly the american peo…
our office is accepting student entries in the annual congressional art competition until april 13  i can t wait to…
i ve also asked mr  zuckerberg what facebook has done to stop these kind of racially divisive tactics from being exploited on the platform 
 fbf  to  metrowellness visit as we recognize l g b t health week  applaud their work providing inclusive care in our pi…
  speakerryan skipped town  but folks from all across the country are in dc now demanding action to end gun violence disarm hate
always an honor to meet with cancer survivors & those who continue the fight on behalf of loved ones  thank you to…
when i joined  repdankildee in flint  i saw first-hand the devastating impact the water crisis has had on the comm…
spent the morning with local veterans  delivering valentine s day cards made by students from across louisville  th…
this past week  less than four months after i introduced the plan back in fair lawn  the nj tax cut plan has been s…
each spring  the us house of representatives sponsors a nationwide high school art competition  i encourage all hig…
our children are the living messages we send to a future we will never see  the question is how will we send them i…
rt  60minutes  it s widely accepted that vladimir putin used disinformation warfare to interfere in our 2016 elections  but how  according…
in 2 days  advocates from across the country will descend on the east front of capitol to demand that congress decl…
rt  repbeatty  proud to stand w/  vp   nancypelosi   senatorreid &  housedemocrats to tell  housegop  do your job
trump pardons  scooter  libby in cia leak case  libby leak
the united states has a unique ability to address pandemics  the trump administration should properly fund prepared…
rt  repbeatty  rt now  more than 220 000 ohio children rely on  chip  for healthcare  we have to reauthorize it 
rt  alsphiladelphia   repcartwright you ll love our coverage of round 2 of the a l s ice bucket challenge with miller family from scranton
on earth day  we renew our commitment to the protection and preservation of our environment  land  water and wildli…
  realdonaldtrump s decision to abandon the  jcpoa  is no substitute for real global leadership 
 snap  is a critical anti-poverty program  helping millions of american families put food on the table  president tr…
read my new op-ed on why conservation is more than protecting public lands - it s preserving our heritage and way o…
 lorimatsukawa while archiving my papers at uw  i found a familiar face from april 1989 
wishing everyone a happy national puppy day
despite huge public opposition  trump s fcc chair is pushing forward to repeal net neutrality rules  we need to kee…
wishing a happy birthday to my friend   repspeier  thank you for your leadership as ranking member of the subcommit…
rt  hamillhimself  this is not a drill the fcc just announced net neutrality ends on june 11 unless we stop it retwe…

in case you missed it   
rt  repbarbaralee  many families seeking asylum are fleeing unimaginable violence & terror  tearing these children from their parents isn t…
today is the working people s day of action  i will always stand with our unions in the continued fight against tho…
enjoyed meeting with a bright group of 11th-grade students from milken community high school this afternoon during…
rt  pcoschallenge    pcoschallenge worked w/  repdavidscott & 20 other leaders in the u s  house of representatives to recognize  pcos 
good morning central florida 
42% of mothers are the sole breadwinner for their family  not having paidleavemeans some mothers will miss work –…
rt  housedemocrats  fifty years after the loss of his mentor and friend  dr  martin luther king  jr    repjohnlewis reminds us that real pr…
grateful to partner w/  repschneider to introduce the global engagement center authorities act to strengthen…
we are hopeful this plan will make real progress in our shared challenge of preventing harmful algal blooms  but fi…
rt  fwd_us    repjoekennedy stands with d r e a mers
rt  cbssacramento   kylebuis  kellyinmedia  repgaramendi exclusive   repgaramendi says the state put the delta tunnels project ahead of oro…
shame on them  rt if you agree  ⚡️  local fox anchors bash black student who got into 20 colleges 
congratulations  representative-elect vicente gonzalez  i am confident the residents of deep south texas will be   
i will be live at 4 45 p m  with  abc7newsbayarea to discuss my work in congress and important issues facing our nation  tune in to watch 
i spent several hours at the department of justice today reviewing the documents that nunes  trump et al have been…
i hereby command chairman  repgoodlatte to appear before the committee to explain why there have been no hearings o…
 no more silence  end gun violence   enough is enough
rt  foreverlogical   realdonaldtrump u s  trade gap soars as imports from china hit record high under trump 
 greggorman3 saying things twice doesn t make them true  and it s  hordes  
day 1 473 of chibok girls abduction  112 still in captivity   bbog   repallawsonjr  repdavidscott  rephastingsfl…
for more than a century  girl scouts has inspired millions of girls to lead  happy 105th birthday   girlscouts 
1/ millionaire and billionaire donors said   we want yuge tax cuts   g o p tax scam
hard not get a little choked up reading this       john mccain is a true american hero  last year i shared an award…
•  thejusticedept &  usedgov must uphold 2014 school discipline guidance package  to remind schools of their legal…
great discussion w/ unh  graniteprof s class about the relationship between congress and the executive branch  brig…
this was one of my favorite moments today  sharing group hugs at easter seal head start   thank you for the beautif…
rt  repterrisewell  day 2 of power rising summit in atlanta  the ladies of cbc are still in the place  power rising18 i am power rising  rep…
the senate will vote on the tax bill very soon  take a few minutes to call your senator and tell them bill is bad f…
rt  environmentco   in my district   coloradostateu & its students are taking the lead  pledging to commit the university to 100% renewable…
i will be on  hlntv at 11am w/ carolcocnn to give you an update on hurricane relief efforts  v i strong
i am disappointed that the  fcc has undone current net neutrality protections  it is clear that americans from all…
true words
after recent devastating fires and debris flows  the central coast knows that we must prioritize cost-saving mitiga…
in 2015  1 425 290 dependent exemptions were claimed in louisiana  proving la families are in need of personal exemptions 
see my questions to mark zuckerberg from this morning s energy and commerce committee hearing  zuckerberghearings
every service men and women deserves proper medical care and benefits once they return home  invest in veterans   sotu 
deepest condolences to the bush family on the passing of first lady barbara bush   1/2 
rt  repdankildee  four years later  flint families are still recovering from the water crisis and having to use filters & bottled water  in…
hey  speakerboehner  if you re going to knock off a day early  can you leavethegavel  i ve got an idea  let s reauthorize ex im  eximbankus
first week back to work in washington  congresswoman eddie bernice johnson   a promise to you   posted in the…
rt  homelanddems  ranking member  benniegthompson   officialcbc chair  reprichmond &  jacksonleetx18 released this statement on the terrori…
just spoke on the house floor about no bill no break  proud to join  repjohnlewis and my house dem colleagues today 
rt  nchousingbuilds  a special thanks to  repdavideprice for attending the ribbon-cutting ceremony for pennington grove today  which will p…
one week until the  congressionalac app challenge deadline   ma-09  students  submit your apps by wed 11/2
finally  after 8 years of delays and industry pushback  consumers will have the calorie information they need to ma…
rt  news6wkmg    repdarrensoto talks district 9 election with  justinwarmoth on  the weekly  see the full interview here 
one odious end-of-quarter email after another from other campaigns in my inbox endeavoring to elicit donations  her…
rt  waysmeanscmte  instead of using its colossal gop tax break to hire more employees or raise workers  wages  pfizer laid off hundreds of…
rt  repmceachin  it s tax day – which means my republican colleagues will be talking up the g o p tax scam until they are blue in the face  ju…
without a doubt  release of reckless nunes memo is a politically motivated stunt aiming to discredit our govt insti…
rt  southkcchamber  we always appreciate having our legislators join us to give a legislative update   daron_mcgee  richard brown  joe runi…
tomorrow is the deadline to apply for our summer internship program  apply here 
rt  houseradiotv  news conference   reprichmond   staceyplaskett   maxinewaters et al on virgin islands rebuilding efforts  hvc studio a at…
i applaud the supreme court for recognizing that all marriages are equal under the law and should be treated that way   scotus   doma 
 lcstansberry  ncj_of_humboldt thanks to you and your colleagues for digging into the broader question - good examp…
my thoughts  prayers and condolences are with the victims and loved ones of those affected by the amtrak train dera…
 mr  pruitt has crammed a lifetime s worth of ethical failings into less than a year and a half in office   -…
rsvps to kilmer teletownhall mail house gov should include your name and phone number and are due by midnight pacific on tuesday 
congrats  sixers  guess the training in camden  nj  is paying off 
the average woman working full-time has to wait until april 10 to earn what a man earned by the end of the year bef…
with the opioid crisis continuing to grow in connecticut and across the country  i worked hard to ensure that the…
rt  livefromkenya  the caribbean is the second-most vulnerable region to climate change  talking post-hurricane redevelopment with leaders…
nearly 3 million pennsylvanians depend on medicaid  including 1 in 5 people in allegheny county  trump budget woul…
sad to learn about the passing of frank skartados who i served with in the nys assembly  he cared deeply about his…
i also told reporters that it s ironic that  housegop will hold its very first hearing on the g o p tax scam six month…
the house of representatives has held 43 moments of silence to remember victims of mass shootings  enough is enough…
the president s decision to follow his misguided & uninformed campaign promise to destroy the successful jcpoa enda…
alex van der zwaan is one of five people to plead guilty as part of the mueller investigation  the investigation is…
if you re in santa fe and need to speak with a member of my staff  stop by mobile office hours at santa fe place ma…
rt  repthompson  if gop congress does nothing  its leadership is complicit  we must establish a select committee on gun violence  end gun vi…
let s demand that the friends who circle white house & trump businesses provide american people with transparency  …
rt  repmceachin  it s tax day – which means my republican colleagues will be talking up the g o p tax scam until they are blue in the face  ju…
have you been receiving threatening scam calls from irs impersonators  we worked across the aisle to pass a bill…
happy st  patrick s day  🍀
i am proud of ct s longstanding commitment to reducing greenhouse gas emissions  with over half of our electric pow…
last call  if you have not already  visit our people s choice awards for the 2018 arts competition and vote for you…
sec vilsack joined me yesterday to announce new risk management programs from the 2014 farm bill 
one of the best things we could do for our overburdened healthcare system is fixing our broken food system  every a…
rt  repperlmutter  rt if you agree  clean drinking water should be a basic human right  dont forget flint
read my op-ed in  ocregister about why we must stand united against hate  america s diversity is our strength 
 decatur county would be nothing without ag  we appreciate what you do for agriculture   georgia farmers roundtable
rt  robertwolf32   america invested in us  listening to the inspirational frmr sec  hud  juliancastro on the importance & need for being…
new on langevin hits the rhode  i was honored to present the family of the late  risenate state senator and former…
need help  my staff will be at the franklin library on tuesday from 10 00am to noon to help you with social securit…
special counsel robert mueller has indicted 13 russian nationals and three russian entities for allegedly meddling…
small business owners won t see enough of an impact to be able to hire new people and grow  yet big corporations ar…
she said   real reform needs to take place in the way all facets of our society handle sexual assaults and harassme…
congratulations to  csulb on their volleyball national championship  go beach
rt  hungerfreectr  as a working single mom with two kids the eligibility reduction in farm bill is going to hurt  these programs help us st…
equal pay day symbolizes when  more than three months into the year  women s wages catch up to what men were paid in…
us resettles more refugees than any other nation bc we  ve always welcomed the most vulnerable  refugeesummit 3 30
the president just said that the economy has added 2 4m jobs since the election–that includes 3 months during obama…
we must protect an accurate 2020census from being subverted for trump s political purposes 
stopped by trans youth forum networking lunch at new brunswick high school  thanks to the organizers for raising aw…
rt  shlomikofman  very good meeting with congresswoman  repzoelofgren  discussing the economic bonds between israel and the silicon valley …
chag sameach to folks celebrating passover tonight 
rt  mcauseywfed   gerryconnolly has some choice words for  realdonaldtrump administration on latest white house proposals to impact feds  r…
congratulations to the winners of the congressional art competition  this year s best in show was awarded to elisa l…
rt  votevets  recently   will_c_fischer sat down with  reprubengallego to discuss why diplomacy is the only way forward with north korea  h…
did you catch this story from  specnewshv  the  andersonautism is taking in folks from more than 80 countries & ed…
medicaid covers &gt 10 million of our nation s youth with disabilities  if  speakerryan & the  gop slash medicaid  co…
rt  reploisfrankel  equal pay day recognizes that women must work 3 extra months just to earn the same pay as men  closing the gender wage ga…
rt  senjohnmccain  an american president does not lead the free world by congratulating dictators on winning sham elections  and by doing s…
the  housegop has a very obvious 3 step plan  1  pass a tax law that s rigged for the rich  who get 83% of the ben…
 realdonaldtrump as an fyi the virgin islands has a governor  not a president  remember we are apart of america     
iran s continued violation of human rights is unacceptable  which is why i cosponsored and voted for h res 676  whi…
very concerned over rising tensions in the taiwan strait  these chinese provocations are irresponsible and dangerou…
the decision by nunes to employ an obscure rule to release classified information for partisan political purposes c…
hope to see you this sunday at 3 pm in antioch at my net neutrality town hall with  mclyburnfcc  i look forward to…
the house just passed my bill w/  repmccaul to hold iranians responsible for human rights violations & kidnapping &…
mothers do it all  they are doctors and nurses  teachers and mentors  protectors and pilots and inventors and ambul…
happy mothers day to all the moms celebrating with their families today   tx33 
for too many survivors of domestic abuse  fleeing to and seeking asylum in the us is their best  and only  chance a…
it was an honor to speak at warren lacrosse association military honor night last week to recognize those who have…
rt  osuprezdrake  wonderful event tonight  amhistorymuseum honoring our ohio congressional delegation  thank you to our elected officials f…
dreamers are our neighbors  teachers  caregivers  and friends  they should not be used as pawns in this reckless po…
 1/2  americans have come to expect fast and dependable mail delivery because  usps has always done such a great jo…
 ricardorossello i will be closely monitoring relief efforts over the weekend  we must all stand with p r 8/8
this afternoon i met with dr  peter pisters  m d   president of the university of texas md anderson cancer center …
nearly eight hours into her house filibuster   nancypelosi read aloud a letter from  uvmlarnermed student and dream…
i hope my friends in broward county have the courage to do what my colleagues in washington have not  get weapons o…
such a terrific turnout today at our annual academy day to learn more about how to apply to a u s  service academy …
i was honored to attend bergen county s annual law day celebration  to those who took the oath of citizenship today…
join me this wednesday  april 18th at 6 30 pm for this year s first telephone townhall  i will be live  answering…
rt  repmcgovern   senwarren  reprichardneal  sethmoulton visiting hospital del niño here in puerto rico for children with autism and speci…
today was hawaiian gardens  54th anniversary parade and we celebrated in style  thank you to everyone who made toda…
weakening medicaid hurts working families – plain and simple 
thanks to all the nurses who work tirelessly to provide us with quality care during our greatest times of need …
there is no shortage of passion in this room  thanks to all the community members who are here at the public hearin…
rt  repdwightevans  it s infrastructure week  again  and president trump and a republican-led congress have yet to keep their promises to t…
had a productive meeting with the nevada trucking association today  a strong trucking industry is essential for a…
i deny these allegations  many of which were raised by documents reportedly paid for by a partisan alt-right blogge…
washington should follow nebraska s commonsense lead and pay attention to the way we do it in the unicameral   ne02 
rt  inafterschool  big thanks to  repvisclosky for meeting up with  mcas_safeharbor yesterday on the hill at a4 achallenge  afterschool wor…
i will continue to demand a vote on sensible gun legislation from my republican colleagues  we should vote and show…
i send my condolences to the victims and loved ones of those affected by the bombings in austin  if you receive any…
rt  nasa_osbp  happy national small business week  nasa osbp will be celebrating all week long by highlighting our women-owned small busines…
rt  usgsvolcanoes  rockfall generates a short-lived explosion at halema uma u crater  hawaii  at 8 27 a m  hst  may 9  explosion not caused…
cyber aware tip  we all love free wi-fi  but avoid accessing your private information on a public network  make sur…
good to hear witnesses  views on bipartisanship in budgeting during our budget & appropriations process reform join…
congratulations to my good friend  our outstanding senator and an amazing mom -  senduckworth  i can t wait to meet…
rt  twittermoments  people pay tribute to martin luther king jr  on the 50th anniversary of his assassination   mlk50 
please join  repthompson   repspeier and myself tomorrow for a public meeting on the impact of offshoredrilling  t…
rt  princeton  yesterday  scientists from  ppplab traveled to washington d c  for fusion day  a special thanks to  repbonnie for her suppor…
i ve lost count of how many times president trump has threatened or cheered for a government shutdown   
kankakee is today s small business week feature  the nearly restored majestic theatre has helped spark an urban red…
need help keeping track of trump s litany of lies on immigration  voter fraud  and china during last night s even i…
proud to stand with  senatorshaheen  senatorhassan &  repsheaporter in support of restoring net neutrality protecti…
rt  johndingell  i ll take  colluders  for  1000  alex 
rt  roslehtinen  it was such an honor to receive the lifetime achievement award w/ repgutierrez at the  weareunidosus cap awards18  muchas…
i m inspired by the students & resolved to take action  enough is enough douglas strong students demand action…
during national police week  we pay tribute to the brave law enforcement officers who have lost their lives in the l…
dems are committed to defending the  aca   & fighting to restore the protections and cost-saving provisions that rep…
i don t know for certain why speaker ryan asked for father conroy s resignation  but i do know father conroy  i adm…
 speakerryan  housegop   speakerryan recently broke the record for the most  closed rules  in a session  and has no…
my nra rating  f 
rt  steinhausernh1  brand new on  conmonitornews -  senatorshaheen  senatorhassan  repsheaporter  repanniekuster - in letter today to  hhsg…
enough is enough
eight years later  we see the trump administration trying to open more of our oceans to offshore drilling solely to…
icymi   repswalwell was in flint with me to talk about investing in older  industrial cities  we had a great…
this first step must be followed by actions on the state and federal level to meet the plan s reduction targets …
because of the  housegop tax scam  the deficit will soon hit  1 trillion  crowding out funds for infrastructure  so…
we need a healthcare system that puts people first  ahead of the profits of insurance and pharmaceutical companies
and  included in the blue water navy vietnam veterans act is legislation to assist veterans exposed to agent orange…
rt  heraldradio  right now  repstephenlynch joins  heraldradio s morning meeting to talk situation in syria  how should president trump re…
la votación no ha terminado pero ya se aprobó promesa  va por 275 votos y sólo se necesitan 218 
rt  repjohnlewis  53 years ago today  we were beaten  tear gassed  trampled by horses  and left bloody on the bridge in selma  on this anni…
today is jonathan trumbull jr  s birthday  he served in the house in the 1  2 & 3rd congresses  including serving a…
the  fcc just voted to repeal net neutrality provisions  i m committed to ensuring internet content can t be blocke…
joined with  rep  repscottpeters this morning to host a workshop to help san diego s vibrant non-profit community a…
that s why i joined my colleagues on this letter to the  thejusticedept to stop sinclair and save local news 
this week  national crime victims  rights week  local  state  & national officials & organizations are working to h…
from the g o p tax scam to trumpcare  americans are tired of the raw deal offered by the gop  it s time to give them…
this just in   ny  saw another record-breaking year for health care sign ups under the  aca   this is just more proof…
leading my fellow  hispaniccaucus members  we called for immigration enforcement to focus on real threats - like t…
there are better ways to deal with the tensions in gaza than bullets  restraint is necessary for peace to ever occ…
  southern_living named winter park one of the south s best food towns  further proof that central florida has a lo…
come check out the artwork submitted by san luis obispo county high schoolers for the 2018 congressional art compet…
rt  bosoxfanpw7  just voted for capuano  gunna start watching coverage soon  good luck  // thank you  and thanks 4 being part of team mike 
congratulated the 2018 hampton roads chamber of commerce small business of the year  simis  inc  and the other city…
 icymi   my office is hosting a senior fraud protection workshop on 4/20 from 1 30-3 30 p m  at bear canyon senior c…
i m proud to join my ny congressional colleagues today to continue our united efforts to ensure affordable housing…
the g o p tax scam created this deficit  the only thing they ll do to close it is cut social security and medicare 
climate change is a serious threat to our planet  our economy  and our livelihoods  epa s plan to gut fuel efficien…
please join me in praying for and thanking the more than 500 men and women who are on the ground working to contain…
on labor day we honor the many contributions & sacrifices of generations of hardworking american workers 
immigration reform would create  700 billion in economic growth for our economy  a wallof hate is bad economics  no ban no wall
this says it all  doesn t it 
rt  nationalcouncil  makes coverage more expensive for individuals with mental illness and/or addictions that do not have access to employe…
what irony…
thank you for telling your story to amplify the need for economicjustice and a living wage   pattyarquette…
everyday activities shouldn t provoke fear of discrimination  protect & respect our transgender citizens  everyone welcome  lgbteqcaucus
earlier this week  i spoke with centcom commander general joseph votel about the legal justification for our milita…
don t miss out – taxpayers are in danger of losing a billion dollars in unclaimed refunds this year  taxpayers gen…
the first-ever mars mission from the west coast launched this weekend from our very own vandenberg air force base …
  realdonaldtrump blew up the iran deal isolating america and making the world more dangerous  breaking america s…
i m very honored to receive an  f  grade from the  nra for my efforts to pass commonsense gun safety legislation  l…
 iteptweets additionally  md is one of the states hit hardest by the new tax law  due in large part to the new  10k…
we had incredible submissions from young artists across the county and i am honored to recognize their talent and a…
a2  i speak for health because even though america is one of the world s wealthiest countries  too many american mot…
rt  scicmtedems  read ranking member  repbonamici s opening statement for climate change technology hearing
thank you to all those are making your voices heard to be sure that there won t be one drop of oil from new drillin…
thanks for speaking out & working to end gun violence   carole_king 
getting ready to speak to what looks like over 1000 students in huntington ny 
fact   epascottpruitt is currently under seven separate investigations  pruitt is just the latest example of the tr…
rt  repdonbeyer  long overdue  thank you  repspeier for working to improve the process for complaints  add transparency  give victims acces…
polluting pruitt has weaponized the epa  turning the agency in charge of protecting the environment into one of the…
rt  scactionnetwork   poverty is one of the greatest threats to our kids   1 in 3 kids in new mexico live in poverty   --  repbenraylujan …
looking for ways to celebrate earth day right here in our community  check out this great article from…
if truly just about due process  democrats would negotiate w republicans as on any bill & get no fly no buy  vote …
rt  repmceachin  it s tax day – which means my republican colleagues will be talking up the g o p tax scam until they are blue in the face  ju…
proud to stand with my friend rep  debbie dingell against betsy devos s attempts to weaken school sex assault   
congressman  vernbuchanan and i will hold a florida delegation meeting on offshore drilling this thursday at 8 30 a…
as i visited where dr  king was assassinated exactly 50 years ago  i thought about the civil rights movement  how fa…
rt  waysmeanscmte  nearly six months since its signing  the republican tax law has spurred layoffs  higher health care costs  ballooning de…
the  gop promised their tax scam would deliver relief to struggling american families  i certainly don t see how…
 ap will help millions  
in an effort to stand with the people of puerto rico and  usvi  and highlight the need for additional hurricane reco…
i strongly support  repjudychu s reuniting families act  which will streamline the family-based immigration system…
while the m v teen summit is over  the congressional art competition reception for  tx33  is about to start  did you s…
courts left and right are ruling against self-proclaimed  law & order  president because he is lying to american pe…
it s time for paid family and medical leave in the united states  for everyone  period  paidleave  fmla25  paid leave means
 spcnews caruth health education center is driving medical innovation – using 21st century tools to teach our next…
watch my questions to pharma executives at an  energycommerce hearing today  there is simply no excuse for distribu…
they are simply trying to keep a roof over their heads and make ends meet but president trump and secretary carson…
brightline is a model for the kind of passenger rail systems that we envision for cities across the nation  all abo…
day 1 474 of chibok girls abduction  112 still in captivity   bbog   repkarenbass  repbrochester  repveasey…
honored to participate in boy scout troop 1 s eagle scout court of honor ceremony in flushing  also proud to wish…
rt  housedemocrats  our hearts are heavy today with the passing of our colleague and dear friend congresswoman louise slaughter  she was a…
officials welcome vietnam  wall that heals  to gardena – daily breeze
the students from parkland and across the nation are already making real change  but they aren t anywhere near done…
this morning we passed  ndaa  out of committee w/ bipartisan support  the bill includes 3 amendments i introduced to…
happy national ag day  today is dedicated to our farmers  ranchers  and producers  to everyone who wakes up early to…
scott pruitt s political staff is concealing vital health information to avoid a  public relations nightmare  for i…
congrats to pleasant valley  davenport assumption & ic regina for each winning their class at the 2017 girls softball state championships 
 breaking   trump s former  hhsgov secretary just admitted what we always knew  g o p tax scam will cause americans to…
wonderful to see the  matajustice annual dinner and convention hold a food drive to honor the work we ve done with…
ridiculous  boot pruitt
happy mothers day to my mom  june and to all the mothers out there  thank you for sacrificing so much to provide op…
my statement regarding  potus s padoning of  realsheriffjoe during hurricane harvey
i m joining  lizclaman on  foxbusiness in a few moments to discuss the president s decision to withdraw the u s  from the iran deal 
rt  govmurphy  when the christie administration defunded  ppfa and women s health clinics  tens of thousands of women throughout new jersey…
rt  repjohnyarmuth  i m so proud of my  nra rating  i ll wear it on my chest  i invite my colleagues to join me in wearing our f ratings ev…
this week i had the chance to welcome visiting australian legislators to dc alongside my colleague and australia ca…
2/3 gun-related deaths are suicides  congressional action on gun safety would help curb these terrible tragedies  stop suicide  nspw16 
 breaking   net neutrality will officially die tomorrow thanks to the g o p-controlled  fcc  i led the last-ditch eff…
new york s coast is invaluable to the economy and ecological stability of our state  i m proud to stand with…
mike s run a statewide campaign-visiting 100  communities  over 200 q&as  tele-townhalls  listening 2 u  will you give him your vote  masen
rt  channel4news   you count because you re human  you re american  you re here  we see you  we want you    repjoekennedy says the trump ad…
elections are meant to be the voice of the people  and i want to reassure the people that their rights as voters ar…
rt  oak_updates  thank you for your support of every kid outdoors act  nikiinthehouse   reptipton   repraulgrijalva   repstefanik   repdiana…
today  members of the bond bill committee endorsed the transaction to expand the port of wilmington and invest in g…
the va is 1 of the largest  most complex & in many cases most inefficient agencies in our gov  our vets deserve st…
as leader of the  prochoicecaucus  i act for women every day in part by championing smart legislation such as the wo…
it s national volunteer week – this week we recognize the efforts of service members in connecticut and the rest of…
proud to be part of the congressional soccer caucus effort to bring the 2026 world cup to 🇺🇸🇲🇽🇨🇦  unity2026…
headed to  energycommerce for the health subcommittee markup of title viii nursing workforce reauthorization act  a critical bill for nurses
this saturday at 10 am at ellington high shcool  my team and i will be hosting a tax workshop for homeowners affect…
we have a firstlady who decries cyberbullying but a president who uses twitter to insult & humiliate we have a budg…
latinas in california lose  1 6 million over their lifetimes due to the wage gap  it s time for latina equal pay  trabajadoras
congratulations to the colin powell middle school underwater robotics club on their first place win  this is a grea…
rt  housenewdems  welcome to the new dem coalition   reptomsuozzi 
thank you all for your support throughout this campaign  congratulations to  marthacoakley for her victory last night  m a sen
basically  chairman pai added a rule that will make sinclair s passage possible  and  freepress is challenging them…
rt  anaheimfire  update  anaheim residents will be able to return to evacuated homes at 7 p m  canyon fire2
congratulations to brandon villejo  a student from  satxcchs in san antonio  for his appointment to the  af_academy…
glad to see cambridge analytica whistleblower is willing to testify  recent revelations about erik prince  roger st…
my full statement on the gop tax reform plan 
for far too long  uncontrolled sewage spills have polluted and impaired the tijuana river valley and pacific ocean …
 ca17--  join me for a town hall meeting this evening at the quinlan community center  rsvp through the link below …
rt  cristurnerdc  how do you prepare the workforce and the economy for technology changes from virtual reality  programs that provide ac…
open enrollment starts in one week  find a plan for yourself and your family  find a plan here  get covered
rt  cbsnews    repdebdingell on wearing black in support of me too movement  we need to make this real and make it real for waitresses and…
1st lt haver & capt griest have joined the ranks of sheroes that have literally & figuratively blazed trails for th…
as we come together to commemorate veterans day tomorrow  please know my office is here to serve our heroes however…
a better deal is real reform that gives the middle class a permanent tax cut and puts money in the pockets of everyd…
i need your support on nov 6 and we need you to volunteer over the next week  ask julia  ca26 
the g o p tax scam was designed to inflict harm on states like nj  and as new data from the joint committee on taxatio…
today i joined the workers at johnson crushers   kpijci_ams  in eugene & discussed the need for investment in infra…
i joined the fl congressional delegation on the house floor today for a moment of silence to honor sgt  noel ramire…
rt  housedemocrats  new analysis finds the g o p tax scam is getting even worse  by 2027  taxes will increase for more than half of middle-cla…
today is the last day to file your taxes  even if have heard of reports of some technical difficulties  you must fi…
rt  repadams  casting your ballot and making your voice heard  that s what empowers voters  that s what makes a stronger america 
it s been 76 days since  chip  expired  republicans have chosen tax cuts for their wealthy donors and corporations o…
rt  edworkforcedems  happy birthday   repjaredpolis  thanks for all you do to fight for workingfamilies 
check out this map of all the  farm to school  gardens in or  there are more than 600   including quite a few in ou…
rt  scicoalition  thanks to decades of basic research  doctors at mass  general may have found a breakthrough in cancer treatment  what wil…
rt  fractweets   with few exceptions  the counties with the highest percentage of snap recipients are rural  with a third or more of all th…
 we should be able to reach a compromise – this shouldn t be a politicized issue  our lives are on the line  -grace simmons 4/6
  epascottpruitt s lavish first class travel has cost hundreds of thousands of dollars at a time he s proposing to…
as we mourn the victims of yesterday s shooting in parkland fl  we must remember  moments of silence will not keep…
rt  adamfineske  a special day for  sylvaniaschools as we welcome congresswoman marcy kaptur to southview  thank you to  southviewcougar st…
rt  congressmanraja  this attack on  senjohnmccain is disgraceful  senator mccain served his country with honor in uniform and it is unfath…
aleda e  lutz va medical center in saginaw will be hosting a  veteranshealth town hall tomorrow for veterans and th…
yesterday i met with representatives from credit human federal credit union  randolph brooks fcu  and…
the federation works to provide social services to seniors  families  and caregivers  in addition to awarding schol…
last week was public health week & i m recognizing the work being done by  first5slo to ensure our children are safe…
i grilled  epascottpruitt on his ethical lapses last week  and now more are piling up   energycommerce colleagues a…
today  i hosted a press conference at gateway community center to discuss the authorization of federal funding for…
rt  pchsdragons  thanks to  repcheri for inviting our students  gabrielle  emma  hayden  alivia and avery to the congressional art showcase…
i heard it s your birthday   sanfordbishop  have a happy one 
i extend my warmest wishes to those observing ramadan  and my deepest gratitude to a community that endlessly demon…
french officer arnaud beltrame handed himself over to an isis-inspired gunman yesterday to save a hostage s life  i…
rt  johncyangdc  thanks to  repjudychu  repbarbaralee  maziehirono and  korematsu for making sure that we never forget and we vow never aga…
i sent a letter to  epascottpruitt demanding more information on his shady real estate transactions in oklahoma and…
  gop leadership should be ashamed they refused to save obamacare & protect d r e a mers in the 2018 funding agreement …
fyi - solano county residents
if you or someone you know needs help getting answers from a federal agency  please contact my beaverton office at 503-469-6010 
rt  trib_ed_board  our second round of endorsements for the u s  house includes  standwithsol   repmikequigley and  repdannydavis
wealthy shareholders who own stock in pharmaceutical companies are celebrating the g o p tax scam  working people  not…
things the constitution says should be  well regulated   ✅gun ownership ❌women s bodies
great to hear from firefighting agencies about how the federal government can support wildfire mitigation efforts …
attention  d r e a mers — you can still renew your daca  if you re eligible  visit 👉https //t co/mnxswrbxo1…
appreciate  usdot acting on our concerns –  faanews must prioritize passenger safety 
rt  tylerscole  thanks to  repderekkilmer  the  fec has to report what steps they are taking to enforce the decades-old prohibition on fore…
if paul ryan had a problem with fr pat conroy s prayer about tax reform and the poor then he will really have a pro…
temporary patches to budgets are unnecessary and cost our military money we can actually put to good use for our na…
i joined  afgenational employees at the epa yesterday to call on polluting pruitt to resign  at a time when the env…
not everyone is a genius/policy wonk  i mean  it s not like he has the nuclear codes or anything 
4  dod finish evaluation of schools and account for changes in condition  capacity  & those that were omitted  hi has 3 such schools  ndaa17 
rt  innovatenc  success builds success  & so it is for  wilsonnc  wilson is a  nccommerce innovatenc city making great strides in dt redev…
rt  colinkahl  dear mr secretary  iran s destabilizing behavior also took place before the jcpoa  at the height of sanctions  the nuke deal…
  houseagnews  if we are concerned with getting the policy right  then let s develop a program that feeds people an…
rt  nancypelosi  but at least that secretary in lancaster  pa got  1 50 more a week  right  speakerryan  g o p tax scam
rt  remembrancedk  social security just needs some tlc  repmikehonda says his bill will make sure rich pay fair share
latinas must work until november 1  2018 for their salaries to catch up to what white men made in 2017  this is una…
read my statement on president trump s decision to withdraw from the joint comprehensive plan of action …
rt  perkinshigh  congresswoman marcy kaptur  noaa  & osu stone lab honored two groups of students from phs  cedarpoint for their 1st & 2nd…
often thought as the  mother of texas  jane long was a widower with children in the 1800s  she marched on and becam…
i had a great start to my week speaking with the  iubac from illinois  we discussed the importance of making federa…
saturday was national take back day  today  i m meeting with  qfcgrocery leadership & snohomish health district staff…
today  the senate is voting on whether to save net neutrality  we need to keep fighting to ensure the internet rema…
the north & south korea summit is set for this week at the dmz  we extend our best wishes to president moon for suc…
rt  ricardorossello  también me acompañó en la entrega de estos 62 títulos de propiedad  tatacharbonier  miguel_romero_  repjorgenavarro  v…
exciting news for local pittsburgh nonprofits about a grant funding opportunity 
after serving our country  veterans deserve our support to restart their lives back at home  the sba s network of v…
a better deal means finally taking aim at outrageous prescription drug prices 
the flint water crisis should be a wake-up call  lead poisoning is a real danger that must be taken seriously  four…
so proud of and impressed w/  umbcathletics  umbc  way to represent   what an upset  let s take it all the way  …
rt  orlandosentinel  u s  travel association study  vacation day usage up
president trump fired former fbi director  comey for refusing to put his loyalty to the president ahead of his loya…
today  aprill 11  we recognize yom hashoah  on this day  we remember the millions of jews who were murdered during…
my heart breaks for the families & victims of today s shooting in parkland  i am deeply sorry for the victims whos…
4 days  4  big guns is coming  pre-order ad get your signed bookplate  big guns gun lobby…
last night in frankfort  republicans abandoned the promise to provide a secure retirement to ky educators & public…
national social security month is celebrated in april and is dedicated to educating you about social security program…
reminder  my redlands town hall is on monday  10/16   ca31  constituents can rsvp here 
you owe it to yourself and the principle of ethics in public life to read walter schaub s work 
with 755 farms and more than 423 000 acres dedicated to cotton  the second congressional district of georgia is ran…
the world cannot tolerate a nuclear-armed iran  the jcpoa is a strong internationally-agreed bulwark against that e…
our country is facing a public health crisis due to gun violence  but the house is voting to allow states with the…
rt  rulesdemocrats  gop rep   conawaytx11 is still pushing  housegop  rulesreps to only allow amendments to farm bill from members of congr…
great meeting with arizonans at our a z coffee this week  visiting dc  call our office  202-225-5888
discussing the need to take action to reduce gun violence with  senatordurbin and elizabeth porter  a student at la…
the trump administration s govern-by-chaos mentality is continuing to put unnecessary burdens on working families …
we can t let prohibition and jeff sessions win  the 2018 election is our moment  join the movement  420day
team peters updated  clairemonttc on the  epa grant we announced to help address the tijuana sewage spill …
my amendment prohibits the development of a mobile variant of the ground based strategic deterrent for the next two…
rt  jaketapper  does trump admin deserve some credit for n  korean diplomacy   reptedlieu on  theleadcnn
rt  officialcbc    reprichmond   congresswoman  louiseslaughter was a champion for justice & equality  one who worked tirelessly to make th…
i voted to support this budget agreement because i could not  in good conscience  vote against a measure that will…
i was so pleased to host a community meeting last saturday  1/13/2018  to discuss the g o p tax scam and the huge tax…
about to walk onstage at the hill newsmaker event at the  newseum  talking about bipartisanship in congress  watch…
on earth day  let s recommit our efforts to combatting climate change  enacting policies that benefit our environme…
rt  barackobama  michelle and i are so inspired by all the young people who made today s marches happen  keep at it  you re leading us forw…
always an honor & a privilege to meet with chicago veterans on the national mall  thank you for your service & sa…
rt  wirelessfdn    repdebdingell  recipient of the  honors2018  wireless champion award  talks about co-honoree  susanwbrooks and their work…
out for delivery with  ups 
rt  repkihuen  we deserve the truth  i join my colleagues in demanding a review of  realdonaldtrump s foreign transactions trump for sale ht…
this week  i was honored to meet these midshipmen from the central coast at  navalacademy  they & their families ha…
there are a lot of good things in the omnibus  but it s not perfect  it includes funding for the border wall  whic…
i thank my colleagues on both sides of the aisle for taking steps to enhance america s rail safety by unanimously p…
time to get out and vote  all polling places are open until 8pm  if you do not know your polling location call 800-345-vote  8683  vote2016
great discussion this morning  thank you to  repbarbaralee for coming to our district for this timely event  and th…
 centeronbudget  amermedicalassn senior organizations like  aarp also oppose graham cassidy because the age tax wil…
yesterday  i had the pleasure of joining the israel and jewish federation of new mexico as they celebrated their 70…
during senior corps week  i want to thank over 700 arizona seniors  and thousand more nationwide  who are serving t…
rt  replloyddoggett  since 2006  the average cost for a year of medication for someone with a chronic disease has more than doubled to over…
rt  msnbc  rep  al green says he plans to bring trump impeachment up for a vote next week
rt  eastbaycitizen   social security is not broken  it is not in crisis   says powell  that s what conservatives want you to think in order…
rt  hilary_franzcpl  tomorrow i ll join state lawmakers in port angeles to discuss rural economic development  i look forward to talking ab…
communities on the central coast rely on tiger grants to improve & modernize their transportation infrastructure  a…
proud to escort our california cherry blossom princess christina wilkes  who is also my constituent and a former in…
investment in infrastructure is an investment in a stronger san diego  smart city technology to water system update…
we must build on this progress made in hawaii & pass my bill  the pesticide protection act to keep this toxic chem…
california is home to more veterans than any other state and is the center for technological innovation  that s wh…
these last few days have been heartbreaking here in ventura county  yet  brave men & women have fought tirelessly t…
get out and vote 
i am proud to co-sponsor the equality act-a bill that protects wisconsin s lgbtq community from discrimination its time for equalityfor all
rt  leoshane  harsh questioning of mattis now from  repspeier on transgender policy  mattis said he has issued his recommendations  will ho…
warmer temperatures are a welcome change  but challenges remain for families who have fallen behind on utility paym…
rt  libn  libn caught up with steve israel as he winds his way across long island and the nation for his new book tour  long island busin…
rt  joaquincastrotx  last week  i joined  repdarrensoto and other  hispaniccaucus members in a press conference about active military and…
rt  angelurena   governormapp invited president  billclinton and rep   staceyplaskett for an impromptu visit to tutu housing complex  which…
congratulations to the winner of the 2018 congressional art competition for tx-16  ivan arenivas  ivan is a junior…
rt  repcummings  it s time to send a clear message on the 2020 census that everyone counts  an undercount will hurt people in red states to…
fight like a girl  amazing energy and persistence  power on  🙋‍♀️
happy mother s day to my wife anna — an incredible  great and caring mother to our kids  andrea and roman  we love…
big news   ab1795  just passed assembly health with a unanimous vote  thank you  asmmikegipson to the incredible tea…
as the co-chairs of the ai caucus  we believe that facebook should provide more information to congress on how they…
i refuse to normalize president donald trump and his loathsome language and actions 
polluting pruitt has consistently looked to enrich himself rather than protect the health of america s families  he…
if you re being impacted by sec  kristjen s decision to not extend tps  keep in mind that you have one last chance…
we are only a few weeks before the 2020census questions must be submitted to congress  highly disturbed to hear th…
this president is simply not serious about finding solutions to this country s challenges 
rt  jrchcbuffalony   the broadway fillmore neighborhood has always been the destination of immigrants     all 11 nonprofits planning to go…
i d like to thank teachers across the hudson valley for their dedication and passion for educating our kids  teachi…
rt  housejuddems  the fourth circuit put it well   realdonaldtrump s muslim ban  second-guesses our nation s dedication to religious freedo…
our community has been shattered by another tragic and senseless act of violence  my prayers are with the victims a…
tomorrow  why  months after hurricane maria  are more than 100 000 puerto ricans still without power  frontline/…

we are now closer to a world in which centrifuges are spinning again in iran and people are explaining to me why a…
rt  freshu_hbcu  dr  ruth simmons  presidential party lead by united states congresswoman sheila jackson lee pvamu inauguration
on workers memorial day we recognize the dangers that many workers face on the job  i teamed up with  senjeffmerkley…
dreamers have a lot more to contribute to our country  we can t let anti-immigrant rhetoric run our nation s immigration policy  d a c aworks
rt  repbonnie  i m hosting a town hall this saturday for students on how we can end gun violence  tweet at me all week with questions or top…
as always  looking forward to the discussion  see  bonnieerbe & rest soon   ttc 
racial intolerance cannot be accepted  these two men were deprived of an experience simply because of another perso…
taking care of our kids isn t a partisan issue - it should be an american priority  this national foster care month…
rt  senwarren  i will not be silent about a nominee for ag who has made derogatory & racist comments that have no place in our justice syst…
after ballooning deficits to over a trillion dollars a year for the next decade with their g o p tax scam  republicans…
50 years has passed since the assassination of dr  martin luther king jr   a visionary whose profound influence is…
rt  benniegthompson  congressman thompson and  repjohnlewis will not be attending the opening of the mississippi civil rights museum on sat…
while trump admin  is attempting to roll back these vital protections–despite evidence that these programs are just…
backward  disingenuous  polluting  isolationist and trancendentally ideological  that s today s leadership at the…
rt  winwithoutwar  thank you  repjohnconyers for your leadership against an unconstitutional unprovoked attack on north korea  noto n k war h…
actually  more than three months after the passage of the g o p tax scam  people don t think they are getting bigger p…
he is not here  he is risen  just as he said  happy easter
reforming the congressional accountability act for a better congressional workplace | congressman robert brady
the last thing we need is an oil spill in our own backyard  read my op-ed with the sierra club about president trum…
what does a better deal look like  。tax breaks for middle class families 。lower premiums & expanded access to healt…
saddened to hear of the passing of former nevada assemblyman and senator dean rhoads  i had the honor of serving wi…
  us_fda s crackdown on the sale of e-cigs to minors is a good start  but the agency should also ban the manufactur…
visiting the idea mcallen campus
i m hosting a town hall meeting this saturday in santa fe to give an update on new changes to the tax code  discuss…
i won t give up the call to pass the american promise act to give these members of our communities relief 
rt  reproybalallard  i m deeply disappointed that after this vote  we still don t have a plan in place to help our dreamers  as an origina…
  sedcor works strategically to ensure that our mid-willamette valley businesses are connected to the resources the…
i honor ms  johnson  a pioneer who overturned race and gender discrimination in the force s promotion process  i ap…
after serving on the hostage negotiations team for 12 yrs at the orlando police dept   i know how dangerous negotia…
rt  housejuddems  🆕 repjerrynadler &  repzoelofgren   thejusticedept decision to lapse legal orientation program for immigrants will harm…
did you know that small businesses employ more than 128 million americans  small biz week stat of the day
congratulations 
5 things you can do this week to make the world a better place 
the bipartisan women s caucus will host the second in a series of hearings today on sexual harassment in the workpl…
trump administration has decided to support states such as ohio in seeking justice against pharmaceutical companies…
the latest from the g o p tax scam  large corporations will be giving  1 tril to investors in the form of buybacks and…
all for tax reform that prioritizes middle class & all working to get there  eager to see details of gop plan  but…
it should be easier to vote than to get a gun  but that s commonsense — so naturally the  nra is opposed to it 
indigenous women in the us face tragically high rates of violence  sexual assault  and murder  we must do more to p…
eight months after hurricane maria  people in puerto rico still lack basic services  this administration is treatin…
over 100 years ago today  a 7 9 magnitude earthquake struck the bay area and changed our community forever  get rea…
just called in to the wzid christmas is for kids radiothon  you can learn more about the drive here …
meeting with arizonans at our a z coffee is the best part of our week  visiting dc  call our office  202-225-9888
spoke to  cityandstateny about the challenges of being a mom while serving in elected office  check out the story h…
rt  reploisfrankel  equal pay day recognizes that women must work 3 extra months just to earn the same pay as men  closing the gender wage ga…
ty  sruhle for highlighting patsy mink as today s monumental american in honor of asian pacific heritage month  her t…
a gun in the house makes domestic violence situations 5x more deadly  abusers should not have access to firearms — it s that simple   dvam16 
abbas s contemptible remarks reflect his long-time denial of the holocaust & willingness to traffic in hateful anti…
¡todavía están disponibles las solicitudes para renovar  daca   si previamente recibiste daca y se venció el 5 de se…
withdrawing from  jcpoa  to fulfill a campaign promise is shortsighted&scary  allowing iran back on the path to a nu…
it s outrageous we have to fight every year to keep the special immigrant visa program alive  an amazing display of…
for information about how you may be affected by a government shutdown  please take a look at what federal services…
another win for common sense gunsafety laws 
shame on secretary nielsen and president trump for once again turning their backs on men  women  and children who f…
rt  womenheartorg  keeping the momentum going  it s time for wenger wednesday  our fourth honoree this year is the honorable  repdebdingell…
passing the dream act should be a priority for congress  not pushing a plan that irresponsibly diverts billions of…
major brown speaking to prospective candidates at the m v teen summit 
rt  hispaniccaucus   in  icegov detention  pregnant women face stress  trauma  and inadequate care  write  reproybalallard &  repjayapal in…
open enrollment started nov1st  and ends dec 15th  there isn t much time  so go to now  to…
please join me in keeping the safety and security of the roughly 15 000 american women and men serving in afghanist…
  scottgottliebmd recently said he d use his authority at  us_fda to improve americans  eating habits  since diet i…
i join in wishing the people of israel and all who cherish it a yom ha atzmaut  israel70
it s concerning that hispanics make up just 7% of tech employees - a much lower percentage than other private sect…
new  last year more than 228 000 tennesseans bought health insurance through the vast majo…
does anyone really think donald cares about unemployment in all communities  we deserve a country that works for al…
congratulations to  stmarysu for the  460 000  award to support biomedical research training …
 if president trump s reckless and bellicose rhetoric wasn t bad enough  he has now coupled it with one of the mos…
thank you  usreprodney for your many years of service on behalf of the people of new jersey  i wish you and your fa…
rt  ncadv  it s time to close the  boyfriend loophole  to help stop gun violence  by  repdebdingell  is what you should be reading in  teen…
thank you to millions of bright  hardworking teachers across america who are educating our next generation of leade…
 nhregister
philly residents experience gun-violence on a daily basis   fight for gun reform each & every day w/o gaining natio…
martin luther king jr  once visited nashville  not to bring inspiration  but to gain inspiration from the great mov…
rt  fscdems  🆕  repmaxinewaters introduces legislation to help prevent unfair foreclosures on seniors w/  hud  reverse mortgages
so much fun with  mlb_ya in compton today to cut the ribbon for their new turf and kickoff play ball for kids in a…
we have two more sessions of mobile office hours before open enrollment ends in ny  we ll be in uniondale tomorrow…
register to vote today at to vote in the june 5th election  you must register by monday  m…
rt  reprobinkelly  there are already too many empty chairs at the dinner table  congress must listen to the will of the people & take actio…
i posted a new photo to facebook
on tax day  let s set the record straight 
proud to be an original cosponsor of a resolution to reject the  fcc s repeal of net neutrality  the trump administ…
puerto rico s blackout is the 2nd worst in the world  ever  and that was before the entire island lost power yester…
gop rep  trey gowdy defends michael cohen raid   nothing to do with politics  via…
tonight at 6pm  proud to join  repgutierrez for worcester town hall at  ymcaofcm on issues facing latino communit…
rt  jbendery  also worth noting that *every* female senator wrote to mitch mcconnell last month demanding action on this 
rt  r_i_schools  our  repcheri is at rock island high school talking to the rocky riveters club  rock island voices ensuring their equal ri…
pinellas has been molded & enriched by holocaust survivors – telling their stories to stop bigotry  anti-semitism …
today my colleagues and i wrote to president trump and urged him to boot pruitt  mepolitics read our letter to…
 ladepthealth that number includes 52 046 in nola  38 171 in baton rouge  45 407 in jefferson  and 21 154 in the river parishes 
touring  dpagassicampus & visiting w/bright students & future leaders n ved home means n v
today  the president announced policies to ensure that we lose the war on opiates  our nation has been losing the…
 hughhewitt  mikeallen  axios 12 30pm  i m buying 
rt  housejuddems  🆕  frankpallone &  repjohnconyers   realdonaldtrump s opioid announcement is meaningless w/o additional funding🆕
as republicans scramble to pay for their  1 5 trillion tax cut for the wealthy by proposing cuts to medicare and so…
rt  ncpssm  join us now on facebook live at the medicare town hall with  repraskin  p2
april is sexual assault awareness month and we must continuously and deliberately support survivors of sexual assa…
if you live in the second district and have a hankering for americanhistory—you don t have to go far--just look in…
one of my favorite speeches of all time   the following night rfk would give another one of the greatest speeches o…
i m deeply saddened by the news that my dear friend  peg lautenschlager  has passed away  her decades of public ser…
do you know a student interested in attending a u s  service academy  i m hosting a service academy info night on 5…
read more here 
one of the biggest concerns i hear from rural areas is lack of access to broadband  congress must fund infrastructu…
solutions only idea 1  increase awareness about sex trafficking  this is something everyone can do in their communi…
rt  fema  if you d like to help people affected by harvey  connect with trusted voluntary organizations by visiting 
scott pruitt has to go  boot pruitt
a flirtation sours  once they xchanged soft whispers at dinner  now mr  trump s staff whispers that he must dump vl…
 glenn_h 714-621-0102
it is unacceptable that more than 6 months after hurricanes maria and irma  fema still cannot tell us why they awar…
despite overwhelming public support  the trump  fcc voted to end net neutrality  i m supporting legislation to…
check out this story from  nytimes about the opportunities for young people to learn skilled trades  despite rising…
honored to join  results4america   knowledgeall and  america_forward at today s panel on innovation in higher ed  …
welcome to deborah santini from valley view h s  in dc this week for l c teach inst  teachinglc to bring  librarycongress to our classrooms
i will continue working to stop the trump administration from interfering with the mueller special counsel probe s…
rt  cteca  shoutout to connecticut s own  rosadelauro who co-chairs the baby caucus  think babies strolling thunder
rt  repespaillat  rt if you agree  clean drinking water should be a basic human right  dont forget flint
it is time to build  we need to make investments to fix our nation s highways  bridges  rail systems  waterways  sch…
our communities are strongest when we work together to build something better  thanks to  rebldgtogthr and all of o…
i wonder what  sentedcruz will grandstand about now at the next tech hearing 
enough is enough  it s time for congress to listen to students across maine and our nation who are demanding common…
its openness has enabled a new generation of new hampshire innovators to turn a bright idea and a laptop into a business 
  conorlambpa is in for a tough fight in  pa18  special election  unfortunately  trump is headed there tuesday to ca…
  foreignpolicy map shows the extent to which  realdonaldtrump hasn t upheld his administration s responsibilities…
 realdonaldtrump  you are the president  act like it  tell your staff you want a compromise to end the…
pleased to be a part of the ne women veterans recognition gala in jacksonville   fl  hosts the nation s 3rd larges…
in the coming days  the lottery office will consult with the delaware attorney general s office to more fully under…
we are sittingin in honor of communities  like iv  that have suffered from gun violence  not one more on  housedemocrats  watch  cc  riromtz
humbled to help kick off the annual letter carrier food drive at the san mateo post office  end hunger
rt  cmclymer    sarahemcbride and congressman  joekennedy discuss trans rights at  politicsprose 😍trans rights are human rights
peddling conspiracies of  secret science  and climate change denial should disqualify anyone from serving at epa ad…
exactly why congress must enact voting rights advancement act to restore  vra  protections because  nobody s free un…
rt  officialcbc  rep   clyburn speaks at the bipartisan 200th birthday celebration of frederick douglass 
i asked  secretaryross what steps are being taken by the u s  census bureau to ensure young children are counted in the 2020census  3/3 
we cannot allow russia or any outside influence interfere with our elections in the future  i appreciate the work o…
mick mulvaney is on another rampage at the  cfpb  this time  he wants to hide information from the public on the wr…
excited about the launch of brightline in miami today and the jobs jobs jobs  it will help create   repbillshuster…
wow   marcorubio just admitted g o p tax scam is a fraud   there s no evidence whatsoever the money s been massively p…
rt  americasvoice  in ice detention  pregnant women face stress  trauma  and inadequate care by  reproybalallard  r…
i am absolutely heartbroken at the passing of my dear friend  rep  louise slaughter  she served her constituents a…
a storm is expected to bring the heaviest rainfall of the season to the central coast beginning tonight  i met with…
rt  teampelosi  just in  new evidence trump tried to influence the russia investigation   pryan  your move—will you keep blocking an indepe…
refusing to acknowledge russian interference in our elections  refusing to enforce bipartisan russian sanctions …
had a great time at the hampton roads gazeti s 2018 exemplar awards this afternoon  pictured with former va beach c…
i ve repeatedly pushed trump to bring a wto challenge against opec for their blatant manipulation of oil prices  le…
rt  abc  just in  joe biden responds to white house staffer who characterized sen  john mccain as  dying anyway    people have wondered wh…
ramadan mubarak to each of those celebrating the beginning of this holy month across our country and throughout the entire world 
the irs is sitting on  1 1 billion in unclaimed refunds for taxpayers who didn t file a 2014 tax return   12 7 mill…
met with san diego small business owners to hear how we can support them as they grow and create jobs in our region…
  repbonnie  we ve been fighting for 4 years to  bbog  4years too long
glad to meet with  ppmaryland & discuss how we can continue to work together to ensure congress protects reproducti…
we re not going to let the trump administration coerce us into doing the federal govt s job of enforcing federal…
the bipartisan jobs bill i cosponsored will help young men find work and rebuild our country s crumbling infrastruc…
at the california department of justice  we administer the cures database  a valuable tool to prevent overprescribi…
the fbi confirms that the memo contains  material omissions of fact  that  fundamentally impact  its accuracy  nune…
icymi  i agree with commissioner  jrosenworcel  it s long past time to bring back the  ota  to help educate congress…
great news for  mealsri  i m proud to support such an amazing program that provides nutritious meals to homebound s…
  jacksonleetx18  we must save the chibok girls and we must do it now   bbog  4 years too long
with today s unilateral retreat  the president is now responsible for the fallout of the iran deal  all of our alli…
great meeting with  chipubschools   janicejackson to discuss improving educational opportunities for our young peop…
our veterans deserve seamless health care from  deptvetaffairs and that goal cannot happen while the va is using it…
yesterday  i joined dr  richard stone  deputy undersecretary of health at department of veterans affairs  mr    
congratulations to the loyola ramblers on a great season  we will never forget sister jean   worship  work  win  …
got the chance to treat my spring semester interns to lunch today  gio  gabi  sydney & max have been incredibly hel…
thanks to the parents and students who joined our  fafsa  information session yesterday at  rlhspanthers  learn more…
had a blast joining with the community to get our hands dirty for the 12th annual pomona beautification day…
 net neutrality protects small businesses and innovators on the north coast by ensuring they have a level playing f…
catch me now on  cnnsitroom 
meet daisy arvizu  my guest to tomorrow s state of the union address  daisy was brought to this country at the tend…
good luck to my alma mater  famu_1887 in the  hcasc national championships this weekend  this competition highlight…
proud to have worked across the aisle with rep   drphilroe on h r  849  a commonsense  bipartisan change to the aca 
now he s going after science itself 
i m proud to represent m a3 s incredible  natlparkservice sites  including  minutemannps and  lowellnps  join me in…
rt  wnytransit  listening to  repbrianhiggins speak at our quarterly meeting
san benito county residents  the county is holding a veteran resource fair this friday at the veterans memorial bui…
rt  repdonbeyer  we raised the issue of forced arbitration  the ripoff clause  to equifax  ceo  and their response entirely failed to addre…
today  i hosted my 2nd solutions only hearing  this one was focused on addressing and stopping the illegal traffick…
climate change remains one of the biggest threats facing humanity and we re running out of time to course correct …
from the performing arts to youth writing programs  these  neaarts grants will go a long way to support maine arti…
rt  ushcc  rep   nydiavelazquez speaking about the future of business in puerto rico at our 2018 legislative summit  u s h c c legislative
as a former teacher and lifelong student of history  i look forward to speaking with students at  uscsumter on constitution day next month 
after serving in uniform  our vets deserve our support when transitioning back to civilian life   sbagov s network…
today on gold star spouses  day  we pay respect to the husbands  wives  and families of those who made the ultimate…
icymi  it s time for congress to ensure our nationalparks have the resources they need so the public can enjoy all…
wishing all the moms out there a very happy mothers day2018  mothers day
rt  kenvogel  scoop  emails show that another private international consultant & ex-lobbyist -- a paul manafort protege named matthew freed…
don t forget to join me this sunday  april 22nd to play catch with your congresswoman at wilson park in compton …
icymi  listen to my interview  danyorkeshow  wpro about president trump s decision to withdraw from the…
these brave patriots are protecting & defending our country  doubling down on this discriminatory & hateful ban for…
in hawaii  our state motto - ua mau ke ea o ka aina i ka pono - the life of the land is perpetuated in righteousne…
 not only do nearly 9 in 10 americans believe that dreamers should stay in the united states  but so do employers …
rt  dorismatsui  birth control is health care  rollback of a c a s coverage mandate would make contraception unaffordable for countless wome…
browns canyon  co nat l monument  dinosaur  these monuments make co special  gop s  no new parks  bill threatens the future of public lands
rt  congressmanraja  the gop farm bill would slash snap  our premiere anti-hunger program  by  20 billion  meals from  snap  and its predece…
this bill recognizes the imperative of improving the economic condition of women around the world  when we empower…
to our friends on hawaii island- leilani estates and lanipuna gardens subdivisions remain under a mandatory evacua…
rt  idaveprice  apparently this prediction on the insiders that  repswalwell made is coming true 
you can read the letter here 
 johnastoehr read it  thank you  generally agree  and i spend much of my time on russia/election/trump  i understan…
congratulations to the  utrgv chess team on becoming the new national champions of college chess  all of south texa…
a mind to work  
pearl haven will not only provide the direct support our keiki need  but it will also create ripple effects of chan…
tomorrow  the house will try to pass  hr620   which would undermine the civil rights of people with disabilities  th…
my dear friend  repjohnlewis is also my hero  as he d say  don t give in  don t give out  don t give up  fight on…
rt  benniegthompson  in 2016  russia launched a massive cyber-attack against the us to undermine faith in our democracy  yet trump & the go…
including a citizenship question in the 2020 census only serves to suppress participation & will result in inaccura…
please take a moment to read my full statement on  potus trump s decision to withdrawal the united states from the…
bebest
after sitting with 11 articulate and passionate wny high school students for almost two hours yesterday  i d call t…
🗓️today at 10 30am  join me in bushwick for a workshop on nonprofit development and success  location  p s  274  80…
g o p tax scam raises taxes on 86 million middle class families  hands 83 percent of tax cuts to the wealthiest 1 percent 
⌛️ the clock is ticking  ⌛️ there are only 3 days left to sign up for health insurance  don t wait  act now by goin…
rt  barackobama  john mccain is an american hero & one of the bravest fighters i ve ever known  cancer doesn t know what it s up against  g…
happy birthday to  nancypelosi  you are a trailblazer and champion for women across our country 
it s the height of cynicism for house gop to vote on  balanced budget amendment  just months after passing deficit-…
thanks to everyone who submitted questions for my digital g o p tax scam teach-in  visit my facebook page to view some…
i m proud to have secured  16 2 million funding for yars and camp ravenna  the men and women who serve our communit…
proud to join  vrcaucus co-chairs  judgetedpoe and  repjimcosta in presenting  eriecountyny family court judge lisa…
the flint crisis still isn t over  it should be a wake-up call that congress must make critical investments in wate…
rt  repmaxinewaters  russian twitter bot targeted maxine waters  a prominent trump impeachment backer via  thedaily…
the vote is precious  almost sacred  friends of mine paid the ultimate price so that every person can vote their co…
it s a privilege to be addressing graduates from my alma mater  ricnews  if you dream big and work hard  you ll be…
 cecilia_prost  usda thanks for reaching out  amanda  i am cosponsoring this bill 
rt  garywhite13   repdarrensoto will host town hall thursday at 5 p m  in haines city chambers with cedric richmond  chairman of congressio…
even though it was near zero this morning  there were smiles all around in romeoville as the village s new  metra…
 icymi  three free  cat in the hat  concerts this weekend in new haven and shelton  nhv
last week i hosted a briefing on telehealth in rural america  watch  harvardchlpi  ucsandiego  cmccbrault
we must ensure that the internet remains an open and free platform for businesses and consumers in this country  th…
there s no time to waste when it comes to funding community health centers and addressing other important health ex…
hank  my office dog  has a different definition of  ducksunlimited than i do 
in new york  the average woman makes 89 cents to the dollar their male counterparts make  this rate is even lower f…
trump s relentless press bashing must stop  im with tur
on tax day  the house passed legislation i ve co-sponsored that would permanently fund services that help low incom…
proud to join ny colleagues  including  agschneiderman  and attorneys general from around the country to speak out…
i have been committed and will always be committed to cutting taxes and burdensome regulations for  ne02  small busi…
americans are sick & tired of the  thoughts & prayers  statements from those who line their pockets with  nra 💰  e…
so clear comey was fired because investigation was heating up 
rt  senmarkey  our kids learn their abcs in school  but why not climatechange  check out my op-ed in  guardian w/  repmikehonda
took trump 3weeks to bother to call james shaw jr who disarmed a gunman at a tn waffle house  he noted james shaw s…
scott pruitt should follow them out  boot pruitt
 mfjlegal  repjohnfaso  repgregorymeeks i couldn t agree more and this is why i am fighting against  gop attacks on…
congrats to jessie li white  a senior at  trinityprepfl in winter park  for winning this year s  fl07  congressional…
finally  some good news out of washington- my hot air balloon amendment passed the house 
glad to partner with  susanwbrooks to introduce the bipartisan a d a p t act  through continuing education  the bill wo…
chag pesach sameach  happy passover to everyone gathering around seder tables tonight 
today  my staff will be hosting mobile office hours in safford  az  stop by to talk to a caseworker about your soci…
i am opposed to this proposal and will fight to keep  hudgov fair and just 
rt  appropsdems    repmarcykaptur  we are in yet another full committee markup  and republicans have still not provided us with 302 b  allo…
solutions only idea 2  improve coordination between service providers  law enforcement and the community  we should…
rt  usrepmikedoyle  net neutrality prevents your internet service provider from blocking  slowing down  or discriminating against content o…
another life cannot be lost by a gun violence incident  we ve got to take action  whether it s background checks or…
our allies and adversaries alike will not trust american leadership to negotiate another agreement whether on iran…
as long as i am in congress  i will support efforts to protect wildlife from extinction and endangerment  that s wh…
at tonight s  sotu  trump will do what he does best  take credit for economic conditions he didn t create  and blame…
tonight  hope to see you there 🎨🏅
rt  reneecfattah   visited mathematics civics  sciences charter school today  lots of learning and love here-our future is looking bright s… 
last week congress responded by passing inadequate funding that fell short of the  1 9 billion asked by  potus to combat the zika disease 
including a citizenship question in the 2020 census only serves to suppress participation & will result in inaccura…
 if the president hires only the best people  why aren t they still on the job  
we can thank our teachers this week and every day by ensuring equitable allocation of resources to schools  recogni…
mulvaney s attempt to meddle w/the wtc health program threatens the critical care 9/11 survivors and first responde…
this week   epa removed a military veteran and career civil servant for approving an internal report that undermine…
assad s chemical attacks on his own people are wrong and require action  however the president s decision to order…
rt  reptedlieu  democrats have repeatedly called for investigations into the trump admin s culture of corruption  unfortunately  the gop-con…
new ideas regarding basic income  health care  immigration  and other important policy areas  are a great step in t…
thank you  again  to the 9k americans who joined me in telling the trump admin that we want & deserve real insuranc…
rt  phillyvetparade  know a veteran that deserves to be recognized  share their story with us at phillyvetsparade gmail com
a8  it s important that elected leaders hear from you  ask questions  demand answers  i encourage you to call and w…
maryland  3hrs remain in last day of early vote  avoid election day lines - be in line tonight by 8pm  ev sites  //…
rt  denmarkinusa  denmark s emergency management agency  brsdk has confirmed danish assistance to  usvi  in wake of hurricanes irma  maria  …
rt  lvchamber  chamber ceo  mbsewald  we appreciate entire nv congressional delegation  repdinatitus  markamodeinv2  repjackyrosen  repkihu…
clean air to breathe and safe water to drink is not a privilege only for the rich and powerful  but a right for eve…
rt  repjimcosta  during domestic violence awareness month we stand with the 1/3 women & 1/4 men who are victims & survivors of domestic viole…
cover-up = obstruction of justice = lock him up 
great to visit today with l a county supervisor  hildasolis and  laco_dpss acting director antonia jiménez  i look f…
the power of workers organizing can overcome any obstacle in its way  we can take back our democracy  and our workp…
at  energycommerce second hearing of the week on the opioids crisis  i questioned a panel of experts representing…
rt  nancypelosi  this is completely false  the gop 2018 farm bill cuts over  23 billion in snap benefits from hungry americans 
whatever it takes   
dreamers  now is the time to renew your  daca   find out how here 
day 8 of womens history month -  speakerryan  instead of sending congress home before noon on…
our local food banks do a tremendous job serving our community  glad to hear the latest from the twin lakes food ba…
as trump tours his border wall  prototypes  today  it s worth remembering what president reagan said   rather than…
fun fact  as congress stays open in a snowstorm to try and avert yet another government shutdown  it was last year …
on december 1  1955  rosa parks took a bold  yet silent stance against racial injustice by not giving up her seat o…
had a great discussion about america s role in the world at the c a p ideas conference with former white house chief…
rt  winwithoutwar  thank you  repjohnconyers for working to keep us safe from an impulsive and incompetent administration  we must let dipl…
great to be at the grand opening of heron landing community park this weekend and catch up with folks in rancho cor…
together  the bills would require backgroundchecks on all commercial gun sales  including those at gun shows  and…
rt  lcvoters  thank you  rephuffman for highlighting how trump s dirty budget would make it more difficult for us to access and enjoy our …
despite overwhelming public support  the trump  fcc voted to end net neutrality  i m proudly supporting legislation…
a special shout-out to all of the new graduates who participated in this weekend s 10th annual gradu asian aapi gra…
li has some of the brightest students in the nation  presented awards to 94 outstanding hs students from  ny03  for…
rt  repkarenbass  today our country lost a trailblazing fighter dedicated to her service for others  louise was a friend and someone i abso…
rt  appropsdems  starting now   repmarcykaptur leads  appropsdems at full committee markup of the fiscal year 2019 energy and water develop…
thanks for the shoutout   plain_language  we agree – short  simple words are great  but they re not helpful when th…
   immigrants and re-establish the economic and culturally beneficial relationship we have with  mexico  however  the difference between   
great meeting today in washington with school board leaders from clayton  fulton  douglas and dekalb counties  thes…
rt  thinktn  should tn be doing more to modernize and secure its elections  this weekend  governor bill haslam shared concerns about the st…
don t forget our community youth program expo next saturday 
we will never forget the sacrifice  loss  resilience and fortitude of this day  sixteen years ago  united we stand 
rt  reprobinkelly  russia attacked our 2016 election to help  realdonaldtrump become president  why is the trump administration hiding doc…
great crowd at  cannaconference this morning—lots of energy and industry progress  ccc2018 
republicans chose a trump shutdown over delaying cuts to medicaid dsh payments which help hospitals provide care t…
this morning  the  nra retweeted this ad  it s disgustingly inappropriate  guns increase the probability of death i…
clean drinking water should be a basic human right  period  dont forget flint
more than 4 in 10 people in the us – over 133 9 million americans – live in counties that had unhealthy ozone/parti…
trump s withdrawal from the iran deal erodes u s  credibility  if iran is honoring its commitments  we need to keep…
rt  essence    repmaxinewaters says trump is a  terrible role model for our children  
thank you for coming to see me and my staff 
california lost a dedicated public servant with the passing of former governor and california attorney general geor…
i have always been proud of my  f  rating from the nra  i will continue to work hard to earn my failing grade and w…
 i absolutely believe the way amer s case was handled by the trump administration was intended to publicly humiliat…
proud to announce another bill of mine passed the house  most people don t know that if their kid has a medical pro…
today i attended a town hall w/ repmikecapuano to discuss gun violence & the steps we must take to pass common sens…
we cannot afford to take our precious natural resources for granted  protecting the air we breathe  the water we dr…
today is national black hiv/aids awareness day  nbhhad   please take the time to go get tested  it s important  test…
happy susan b anthony day   roc  
happy halloween  wishing everyone a fun and safe celebration 
rt  4taxfairness  trump wouldn t show us his tax returns  but he has showed us his tax policy and it s terrible  - repraskin taxday
this saturday  students and members of our communities will take a stand against gun violence  and the organizers o…
rt  progcongressact  americans do not want taxcuts for the rich at the expense of social security and medicare-  replloyddoggett not one pe…
i m voting against the g o p tax scam because it takes away health coverage for 13 million americans and raises everyone else s premiums by 10%
i ll never allow that legacy – a legacy i owe to my father john conyers  sr   who integrated labor unions  or my…
rt  rhodeislandema  don t look now  but a fourth nor easter  a four easter   is headed our way     the nws has issued a winter storm watch…
nothing could be more important than ensuring that all workers receive equal pay for equal work  it s time for…
we need to do right by our students and our neighborhoods by preventing the next shooting that takes anyone s life  honor with action
luis gutierrez s measure would ban the sale of assault rifles and limit handgun purchases to one every 30 days   …
icymi  op-ed on taxreform i wrote w  johnconyersjr  repdebdingell  repdankildee and  replawrence via  detroitnews
rt  hispaniccaucus  congressional hispanic caucus members including  repjuanvargas calls on trump and republicans to stop deporting veteran…
father patrick conroy is a good man and for house republican leadership to force him out is absolutely wrong  i fu…
if you are in the tinder fire evacuation zone  please listen closely and follow law enforcement and first responder…
rt  sccoe  county superintendent of schools  sccoegundry discusses equity in education funding during a panel discussion with  repmikehonda…
petition alert  mark walker needs our help to circulate petitions in arlington heights this weekend  this is a   
congrats to  ma09   congressionalac winners alec lawrence & justin gaiser of  pembroke_titans  can t wait to congrat…
rt  aarpny  thank you  repseanmaloney for cosponsoring raise family caregivers act  now law 
  repbrianfitz & i introduced the combat online predators act to crack down on adults who stalk minors on the inter…
great speaking with varep arizona chapter at their annual stars & stripes gala  we cosponsored the give veterans ho…
here is my opening statement from  housejudiciary markup of hr5698  the protect and serve act  which  while rooted…
rt  sensanders  in light of yesterday s horrific violence in gaza  in which more than 50 palestinians were killed and more than 2000 wounde…
today was just the beginning for the  nfugrr  come see what it is all about  for more information visit …
a short thread here    for the last four years i ve asked local elementary school students to write valentine s da…
rt  rulesdemocrats  the  housegop s unacceptable 2018 farm bill attacks our country s most vulnerable by cutting  snap  benefits by over  23…
thank you  veteranshouse for invite to se ma veteran of the year dinner - congrats to 2016 honoree priscilla fonsec…
rt  repkarenbass  trump tweets disparaging black athletes  14 trump tweets disparaging a black father  3 trump tweets disparaging a white r…
not even to mention the fact that you are in florida  at your country club  where you played golf today  again  the…
rt  nyccomptroller  i had a great time at allen community senior center s special mother s day celebration with  repgregorymeeks 
rt  vetaffairsdems  if you or someone you know is a veteran in crisis  you can call 1-800-273-8255 & press 1  chat online at
i voted against the continuing resolution because it does nothing to address the long list of priorities to resolve…
sent letter to  secretaryross w/  repgracemeng urging him to reject  thejusticedept s proposal to include citizensh…
we must hold republicans accountable for passing the g o p tax scam  which gives 83% of benefits to the wealthiest 1% 
air traffic controllers and airport security officers work around the clock to keep our skies safe 
rt  repadams   repmarkwalker & i started the first ever bipartisan  hbcucaucus internship to give  hbcu  students an opportunity to intern o…
  taylorlincoln_ is spot on here  there is a much better way to fund campaigns  citizen-owned elections 
last week  senmarkey & i met w  fcc to continue to discuss the lack of local news & programming in some areas of wm…
congrats to george lynch for being named  cau men s b-ball coach & congrats to  cau for landing the 12-year  nba ve…
great meeting this afternoon with president and ceo of the el paso chamber of commerce david jerome 
rt  susanthesquark  everyone  this is important  this bill will ban forced arbitration in harassment and discrimination cases  the bill has…
rt  repteddeutch  7 000 pairs of shoes  7 000 children killed by gun violence since the sandy hook massacre in 2012  this  has  to  stop …
rt  hispaniccaucus    speakerryan  i m sure you re just as tired as i am of smacking our gums about a  daca  fix  so let s have a vote o…
don t be fooled  alabama s new medicaid work requirements aren t targeted at putting alabamians back to work  they…
need a solution that brings dreamers permanently into the fold of american life   potus ended daca to use as a barg…
joined colleagues in opposition to trump admin adding citizenship question to 2020 census  an accurate count is cri…
this constitutional amendment would have triggered cuts in new mexico that are ten times more damaging than sequest…
i have grave concerns with the transportation of nuclear waste to yucca mountain  should this project continue agai…
today  the health subcommittee considered 64 bills to deal with the opioid epidemic  not only did none of the bills…
 not till race  color  sex  and condition are seen as the accidents  and not the substance of life    not till then…
 icymi   last night s  60minutes highlighted what i ve been saying for years  blast overpressure is a serious and su…
today i join with people around the world in recognizing international holocaust remembrance day  may we never forg…
  hawaiiredcross is accepting donations at several locations  check out this article for more info on what s needed…
in addition  i told reporters that while i supported friday s strike in response to the use of chemical weapons  if…
proud to announce that  hhsgov has awarded a  12 9 million grant to support head start and early head start program…
  realdonaldtrump to view my full statement on the issue  visit my facebook page  no border wall wallternative facts
it was great chatting with you as well  thanks for all that you do 
rt  herronhighindy   repandrecarson   indymayorjoe &  kerrykennedyrfk listen as  repjohnlewis talks with  herronhighindy &  ips_cfi student…
thank you  teaneckhigh for working so hard to invest in yourselves  your education  and your community  now bring i…
as a former 911 dispatcher  i know how critical this service has been in saving lives  tune in at 4 p m et/1 p m  p…
happy thanksgiving 
rt  housedemocrats  americans are learning the hard truth about the republican tax plan  it s a big tax cut for the already well-off 
amidst the chaos  there s one constant  you can t believe a word that comes out of the president s mouth 
scott pruitt s time at the epa now sounds like the last days of richard nixon in the white house  this is not sust…
tonight  the people of alabama did what donald trump has refused to do  reject the politics of hate  embrace a hope…
the use of chemical weapons is a heinous violation of international law and should be dealt with by the internation…
our teachers and education staff are invaluable to our country  they are preparing the next generation for successf…
rt  sierraclublive  listing pruitt s scandals  boot pruitt
 the president is the leader  and he s got to get everybody in a room and he s got to lead       when they talk abo…
there s nothing  small  about the impact of small biz on the massachusetts economy  they created over 36k new jobs…
tune in to  ksee24politics sunday morning matters tomorrow to see me and host  evanonstot discuss valley water …
hats off to the  ulalaunch employees and suppliers in california who made history over the weekend with the…
rt  huffpost  rep  g k  butterfield  d-n c   pointed out that facebook s leadership  does not reflect america  
rt  nancypelosi  president trump is the only person talking about a government shutdown  democrats are hopeful the president will be open t…
rt  repcurbelo  it is crucial to have a program like  vita  so taxpayers can get the assistance they need to ensure an accurate return that…
major news on fattah neuroscience initiative   soon   stay tuned / 1 billion people suffer world wide from a brain…
we cannot truly honor the sacrifices of our military men and women if we aren t fulfilling our commitment to them t…
rt  mikeofcc  see my statement on the national non-emergency wireless number act  introduced today by  susanwbrooks &  repannaeshoo →
proud to introduce the rural housing preservation act today with senators tina smith and jeanne shaheen  this measu…
i m hosting a town hall this saturday to hear from sacramento county  learn more and rsvp here …
pushing a partisan farm bill with those changes along with massive cuts to  snap  will continue to sabotage any chan…
rt  repkclark  today of all days  read this story to see – and feel – why we must stop ripping apart immigrant mothers and their children *…
you can view my keye discussion about the fbi director s sudden firing here 
bush  obama and clinton may lack your  smarts   but they didn t need their staff to tell them do not congratulate a…
  speakerryan  nearly 9 000 low-income children and their mothers in my district receive healthcare through  chip … 
as more info about  epascottpruitt s ethically iffy actions comes to light  the importance of getting answers becom…
the eu is investing in ai research & development  china is investing in ai  france has unveiled a national strategy…
i enjoyed talking about the importance of school nutrition  and of course bagels  this week with  californiasna mem…
discussed impt local & national veterans issues at  vfwhq s li bkfast on sunday  thank you for your service to our…
rt  susancorke1  with antisemitism on rise globally  its dangerous to us foreign policy & standing in the world that antisemitism envoy pos…
thank you  euambus david o sullivan for speaking with me about cybersecurity at e uat s x s w house  y d cin s x s w
agradezco a los 7 nombrados por su buena disposición para servir 
the drug pricing issue is complicated  and we know that a lot of different factors contribute to high costs for con…
i m proud to have mayor walsh   marty_walsh &  senmarkey join me today as we acknowledge the steps we must take to…
hanna from  eagleseldorado captured a symbiotic summer moment between a bee and its sunflower friend …
yesterday i questioned  secnielsen on the trump administration s efforts to slow walk the processing of refugee res…
this is not only a moral issue  it is also an economic issue  dream act now
 wcpinst thank you  wcpinst
while  realdonaldtrump uses an extension to file his 2017 taxes  the american people are still waiting for him to r…
let s not be bystanders of injustice or hate of any form  but rather upstanders standing up against trolls and bul…
the usa act is currently the most bipartisan  pragmatic  and viable solution that provides an earned path to citize…
i have serious concerns that the firing of secretary shulkin will strengthen efforts to privatize operations within…
rt  replloyddoggett  since 2006  the average cost for a year of medication for someone with a chronic disease has more than doubled to over…
my thoughts and prayers are with the students and their families in parkland  florida  we find ourselves in a place…
i joined my colleagues today to pass the faa reauthorization act which authorizes the faa for 5 years & includes an…
a former  edworkforcedems intern now teaches at northwestern senior high school which just lost a current & former…
yesterday  marco rubio said the trump tax cut did nothing to help working americans and today  former hhs secretary…
new on langevin hits the rhode  my latest lunchwith langevin  twistedpizzari in wakefield had a great turnout and i w…
i can think of a few reasons why most americans feel this way 
rt  hfacdemocrats  rm  repeliotengel  we can create a safer world for mothers  an estimated 1/3 women will experience gender-based violence…
rt  sustainableag  60% of  snap  recipients are in rural areas  they re the ones that are going to be disproportionately hurt by this bill -…
rt  votevets  the trump administration is pushing to privatize it  but veterans say save my v a  our new ad 
our hearts go out to the family  friends  and colleagues of the connecticut state police trooper who was killed in…
we must fight discrimination in all forms--including discrimination against people living with hiv/aids 
thank you to the ~700 men & women who are up there working to protect arizonans  their homes  and our forests from…
rt  repjoecrowley  my grandparents immigrated from ireland  they came from a rural land & had thick accents  they worked hard & dreamed b…
the students were given the challenge of addressing the predicted food shortage as our population grows  orlando s…
gop farm bill  slashes nutrition assistance for those who need it most 
today  i voted again to keep the federal government open  the cr passed by a total vote of 266 yeas to 150 nays— 22…
 housegop  housedemocrats it s wear something red wednesday  please come to the rayburn room to show your support f…
it wouldn t be thanksgiving day in boston without high school football  thanks to rep  paul mcmurtry and commission…
thanks to wisconsinites who shared their stories about how the gop bill will hurt them  keep sharing your stories …
i stand w our fellow americans in puerto rico &  usvi  as we recover from storms-we must deploy every resource necessary to provide relief 
wouldn t miss it for the world    to pay respect to peres who inspired me   all to fight the good fight …
i posted a new photo to facebook
reminder  our staff will be available for one on one federal agency casework assistance this thursday 5/17 at the…
  emmanuelmacron is right— there is no planet b   we need to stand up for everyone s right to clean air & water  &…
so moving and inspiring to meet with the stoneman strong m s d strong students today  godspeed spreading your message 
rt  housejuddems  rm  repjohnconyers  h r36 s exception for victims of rape is woefully inadequate   voteno 
rt  justinamash   the constitution vests the power of declaring war with congress  therefore no offensive expedition of importance can be u…
we know that climatechange is real and largely man made  that s why i m stillin and support solutions to protect…
under current state law  paramedics can t take patients to sobering centers or mental health urgent care centers  i…
rt  repdavideprice  the trump administration s policy of taking children from their families solely because they are immigrants is cruel an…
rt  nancypelosi  republicans should think twice before voting for the g o p tax scam  trickle down didn t work before  it won t work now  and…
the best investment we can make for a better tomorrow is to invest in our kids today  i support  earlyed  programs l…
   security threats than a wall ever will  for a fraction of trump s billion-dollar wasteful exercise  three major projects that would   
from my family to yours  we d like to wish everyone celebrating tonight a very happy and joyous passover  chag sameach 
join me for another telephone town hall this wednesday at 6pm  rsvp to kilmer teletownhall mail house gov with your…
congrats on your impressive victory   goldenknights  you re one step closer to making history again 
tonight i was proud to join members of georgia s congressional delegation for a special order on the house floor in…
america deserves an economy that works for everyone  not just the privileged few a better deal
tomorrow marks 1 year since the devastating crisis in chechnya  where hundreds of  lgbtq  individuals were rounded…
trump says gop plan is  a thing of beauty  - there s nothing beautiful about 24 million people losing their healthcare 
rt  cleanh2opa  during his time in congress  repdwightevans has pushed back on dangerous rollback of enviro protections by trump  importan…
live   housedemocrats  weekly press conference 👇
rt  homelanddems  hearing on border security with  repfilemonvela about to begin  video & more info ---------&gt 
con la junta de la cooperativa de ahorro y crédito de isabela discutiendo sobre promesa y la restructuración de la…
meeting today with the healthcare leadershil council  healthinfocus in our lincolnshire office 
tonight s massacre of equal rights in our military must not go unnoticed  to the brave trans folks who continue to…
i m sure many of us can t imagine how we would survive not having power restored for months  for the people of…
rt  hascdemocrats    repadamsmith debated u s  military involvement in yemen during last night s  fy19ndaa  markup  watch it here 
now  tune in to  amjoyshow  msnbc - i ll be joining  shannonrwatts of  momsdemand and  k_jeanpierre of  moveon to d…
in 2018  i resolve to defend democracy from bigotry emanating from the presidency  2018 resolution
report finds that g o p tax scam imposes significant new financial punishments on homeowners in maryland  while using…
today  my colleagues and i are introducing the bipartisan va medicinal cannabis research act to authorize the va to…
want to understand what the trump shutdown means for american families  here s some important info on what the last…
rt  jeremybkens5  today at 1 30  lloyddoggetttx and  joaquincastrotx will stand alongside the  safoodbank to sound the alarm on the huge cu…
my staff will be holding mobile office hours tomorrow from 1-4 pm with representatives from the coyote ranger distr…
it was a pleasure meeting him  thank you both for your tireless advocacy on behalf of people with disabilities 
rt  moroccandna   drdenagrayson  alangrayson  everything feels like a dream so bad right now it makes me wanna go crazy  i feel like there…
if you haven t done so yet  add to the record-breaking early voting turnout in texas by making your voice heard 
rt  prattcenter  manufacturing is  the savior of blue collar jobs  emphasizes the great  repjerrynadler one of longest-time and strongest a…
it is my hope that this legislation will help prevent tragic accidents like the death of jarred brown  who was kill…
rt  replloyddoggett  since 2006  the average cost for a year of medication for someone with a chronic disease has more than doubled to over…
at a time when we need to make critical investments in infrastructure  housing  education & much more  the…
rt  recordingacad  through  grammyadvocacy  we have been championing the need for music reform for the past 20 years as the only organizat…
the vile hatred displayed by white supremacists in charlottesville is unacceptable & un-american  i mourn the loss of those who were killed
rt  nytimes  uconn is upset by notre dame in ot in the women s final four
i recently introduced the build america act of 2018 to invest hundreds of billions into transportation  it is…
today i voted in favor of the fiscal year 2017 omnibus appropriations act  full statement 
rt  housedemocrats    housegop wants to giveaway hard-earned tax dollars to the richest 1% & expects working families to foot the bill  htt…
two town halls coming up next friday  a general town hall at 9am and a veteran town hall at 3pm -- both at el paso…
i am mindful today of the trump administration s inhumane policy of separating immigrant mothers from their childre…
open enrollment in the health insurance market ends today  get covered
over the span of her career  the typical  aapi  woman loses at least  292 400 to the wage gap  in some states  the s…
teachers build the citizens of today and the leaders of tomorrow  they re too often underpaid  underappreciated  an…
i posted a new photo to facebook
thank you  cgbrandonlee and  cancgseattle for welcoming  salishseaeco conference attendees  cross-border collaborat…
i just returned from my 12th annual bipartisan mothers day trip to afghanistan where we met with our troops  includ…
rt  repgwenmoore  this mothers day  i can t imagine the horror of being a child forcibly separated from my mother at the us border  immigra…
wishing a happy birthday to my friend  a lifelong advocate for americans in low-income communities  & ranking membe…
that more than half of the  15 billion they propose to rescind would come out of funding for the bipartisan  chip  p…
rt  tinadupuy   trump has given us an opportunity to see all the warts we have in this great country   - cbrangel on  ny1 with  errollouis
the proposal outlined by  whitehouse includes measures that reflect legislative items put forward by the bipartisan…
remove the display of any state flag that contains all or any portion of the confederate flag from the us house 
president trump should meet with dreamers  they are not bargaining chips  they are parents like dalia  who met with…
 fbf  to reading with clifford — as a mother and grandmother  i know how much reading with kids helps them learn …
these kids are taking our country to a higher level of morality  national school walkout
donald trump ignored objections from fbi and doj officials and allowed the release of a controversial memo written…
as tough as mary poppins
chaos is no way to run a country  i ll be live on  msnbc to discuss  tune in now 
rt  officialcbc  today at 11 30 am et  the cbc will introduce the jobsand justice act  omnibus legislation that would  if passed  increase…
members of congress should not only work to protect mueller s job  but also actively speak out against blatant effo…
my statement on trump recklessly cutting healthcare subsidies for millions of americans 
getting ready to walk out on the capitol steps     end gun violence
rt  housedemocrats  four years later  the flint water crisis is not over  flint families and children still need our support  rt to say   d… 
mueller is continuing to pursue facts and evidence while  housegop and  senategop try to undermine the legitimacy o…
community health centers like south boston community health provide vital care to 27 million americans  and they re…
what universe do you live in 
rt  ncpssm   i believe social security is one of the greatest historic accomplishments of the american government   - repraskin
congratulations to my former intern   unevadareno junior kate groesbeck  who was recently named unr s newest…
president trump is bragging about lying to the leader of one of our closest allies when he wasn t even well enough…
september 5  2017  you ended daca  since then  you ve consistently demonstrated that you re not serious about pass…
mcconnell in silencing sen  warren said  she persisted  that s right  we ll persist  together  w/out being silenced 
 i do not believe that no single gun law will prevent every shooting  however  there are solutions that can reduce…
let there be light  i was proud to see the progress being made at the test  assembly and packaging facility today …
watch / fattah neuroscience initiative/ 1 billion worldwide & more 50 million in us brain illness   more to come  
cecilia gómez contribuyó a la comunidad por décadas  crio a 3 hijos y estaba en camino a obtener la residencia perm…
lowey to  secelainechao  potus s infrastructure plan fails to invest in the public good 
trump doesn t listen to anyone  not democrats  republicans  or even his own advisors  even cabinet officials  like…
this makes me think entirely differently about the constitution
this morning  i presented a congressional nomination certificate to one of the rio grande valley s brightest and   
Ésta no es una posición realista  y resultaría en que puerto rico no reciba ayuda 
rt  drdenagrayson  sen  chuckgrassley previously said that he d release the transcript of fusion gps s testimony  if they agreed 🤔 guess wh…
daca recipients are american in every way except on paper and deserve to have a chance to contribute to our communi…
over 12k ca homeowners could save  247/per month on their mortgage payments  h a r p now before rates rise 
richard cordray has been a knowledgeable and hardworking leader at the consumer financial protection bureau  the…
rt  repdwightevans  republicans are trying to push a message that  chip   children s health insurance program  costs the american taxpayer t…
rt  housedemocrats  happy national park week  our public lands are some of america s greatest treasures  and we re working to preserve them…
i am fighting for equal pay  so that women in california no longer earn 88 cents to every dollar earned by a man 
worth a read ➡️ bipartisan group of former homeland security secretaries  the time to pass a permanent  daca  fix is…
mark zuckerberg testifies before  housecommerce tomorrow about facebook s use and protection of personal data  and…
there was no better way to spend the first day of small business week than to spend it working alongside some of the…
  losalamosnatlab hosted the community leaders update at  sfccnm today  dr  terry wallace briefed local leaders on…
tax cut riches have gone to execs and investors over workers by nearly 3-to-1 margin
  barackobama is right when he says our youth activists have  the power to insist that america can be better   to…
want a signed copy of my new book  pre-order  big guns  from any bookseller then enter the giveaway before april 1…
safe neighborhoods are strong neighborhoods  i was delighted to support  opblueshield this weekend  im all in to ens…
i had the honor of meeting some of our heroic world war ii and korea veterans today through the  honor_flight_ch p…
rt  prfaa  regarding  tsa  extension   fema has not informed us of their decision on our request to unconditionally extend the program  if n…
the texas lawsuit is based on a dubious legal claim with the sole goal of stripping americans of their healthcare …
congratulations to  sentoniatkins for making history today  her inauguration as president pro tem of the california…
best stuff around 
today is equal pay day — the day that the average woman s pay finally catches up to what the average man made last y…
wishing a happy holi to the millions who celebrate the festival of colors here in new york and across the globe  b…
rt  csac_counties  thank you  repthompson and  rephuffman for your work on the  hudgov  cdbg  grants for disasterrecovery   212 million for…
sinclair fired a news anchor for reporting the scientific consensus that human activity is responsible for climate…
looking for the latest local distillery  you probably won t find it in indian country thanks to a 184-year old law …
 in this time of sociopolitical unrest  congresswoman waters has been the brilliant  tenacious representative of th…
a4  the proposed budget slashes funding that supports state and local air quality monitoring programs  cleaner air…
yesterday  usrepmikedoyle introduced his resolution to bring back the fcc s net neutrality rules  i support it  but…
i ve said on many occasions that you cannot get blood from a turnip  and you cannot justify robbing poor peter to p…
rt  deadlinewh  why has trump s legal team gone to such great lengths to shut down stormy daniels       could it have something to do with…
thx birth control for letting women decide if  when and under what circumstances they make 1 of the most important decisions of their lives
i visited local startup  meowwolf in santa fe as part of national small business week  meow wolf is an art collective…
do you need help with the va  irs  social security  or another agency  my team is hosting casework hours in georget…
no podemos darles la espalda a nuestros vecinos  he copatrocinado un proyecto de ley que les daría a los beneficiar…
i applaud our first responders & volunteers for tremendous response to hurricane harvey  prayers go out to tx & la 
i m hosting a town hall on tuesday  january 23rd  to hear directly from sacramento county  listening to you is my m…
rt  pgpfoundation    repderekkilmer on how congress tends to look at spending and the debt   the debate is generally about discretionary sp…
proud that  govmurphy has made nj a leader in the fight against pay discrimination  congress must follow suit and p…
nearly 40 000 american veterans are homeless and over a million more are at risk of becoming homeless  one homeles…
tomorrow  my district office will host february community office hours  my staff and i are here to help  see below…
there are serious economic and environmental concerns about the pending closure of the indian point nuclear plant …
i m inconsolable over the loss of my dear friend  rep  louise slaughter  when i came to dc  louise took me under he…
rt  emhew  house minority leader  nancypelosi is about 7 5 hours into a floor speech on daca  she just read a letter  uvmlarnermed student…
decisions like this by  potus  continue to make one wonder - how far is president trump willing to go to protect putin 
thank you to all of the millennial new media outlets who participated during my first  sotu  millennial media row la…
open enrollment for 2018 ends december 15  don t miss out on affordable plans  go to and…
asked tough questions of  epascottpruitt b/c the american people are owed more than just cursory answers when it co…
students across america are teaching us their right to live is supreme to any other right  it s time to buy-back an…
it s sickening to see the way that the trump administration continues its inhumane targeting of vulnerable immigran…
this isn t just a war on medicaid  it s a shameful  all-out assault on the health and economic dignity of working a…
want to start exporting your southern minnesota products but don t know where to begin   sbagov has resources to ge…
yet it was signed by less than 5  housegop  not surprising w/  gop  ties to  nra  i guess  anyway  fact check …
happy mothers day   a big thank you to my mom  nancy gardner sewell  who is an endless source of inspiration  coura…
rt  hiartsalliance  we have such talented students here  vote now for your favorite artwork in congresswoman tulsi gabbard s 2018 kaha ki i…
asked about trump s payoffs to michael cohen to reimburse him for hush money paid to stormy daniels  trump lawyer r…
it will take all of us to change the future of health  learn more about the new  allofusresearch  created through m…
we re working with  celgene to create jobs  spur innovation  and drive down the costs of health care for arizonans …
spoke to brandnewj  bellworksnj about what congress can do to encourage innovation  appreciate brandnewj s efforts…
i  along with  repthompson  just introduced the armed prohibited persons act of 2018 to help states launch initiati…
rt  repdonbeyer  scott pruitt is unable to definitively tell my colleague  repannaeshoo that his lobbyist landlord steven hart didn t lobby…
rt  green_wildlife  had a very good meeting with rep  tom o halleran in dc  he is a big advocate of the sciences and has already signed a l…
 during his presidential campaign  trump called for the government to use its clout to negotiate medicare drug pri…
happy yom ha atzmaut to our dearest friends in israel  the bonds connecting the u s  and israel are unshakable and…
rt  wearetechcampus  appreciative of the opportunity to share about how we help students prepare for their next steps  cte and  lctechcampu…
i urge my colleagues to fully fund maternal health clinics  black maternal health week
deploying the military to the border is surely one of the most expensive and ineffective ways to address border sec…
rt  jerseyjournal  pascrell tours italian eyewear company in secaucus  photos 
angelinos  this faq by  nilc_org &  unitedwedream can help you determine whether you qualify to apply →…
incredible seeing the advances in aerospace engineering being made right here in wilsonville at  rockwellcollins
the 8th district is home to thousands of immigrants  myself included  we will not stand for this extreme rhetoric a…
black mothers in  nyc  are 12 times more likely to die in childbirth than white women via  essence
a rabbi  imam  and pastor walk into a room   to chat with me  great convo w/ orlando s 3 wise guys  twgradio today…
here we go with round 2 of the n b aplayoffs  let s go  warriors  strength in numbers
rt  hornetadvocacy  ty  repbera for great meeting today & for supporting increased funding for financial aid programs  indexing pell grants…
a trailblazer in more ways than one  congratulations to my illinois colleague and friend   senduckworth  on the bi…
rt  ttdaflcio  glad it s friday  thank a union  1u
 fischlercq  chrisvanderveen is his name  he s done excellent reporting on this issue  uncovering a loophole that has existed for 20  years 
rt  reptimwalz  2 million people will have their access to food threatened if the  housegop passes their hyper-partisan farm bill  that s…
budget cuts shuttered the whittier courthouse in 2013 but thanks to the hard work of assemblyman  iancalderon  whit…
i ll be on  msnbc in a few minutes to discuss trump s terrible plan to send national guard troops to our southwest border  tune in 
 mattleon1060 analyst
i love how  jcsomersetk12 celebrates black history month  the cafeteria is decorated with students  artwork honoring…
rt  beardfoundation   the changes to snap will result in people losing food assistance benefits  [and] programs supporting sustainable agri…
this week i had the chance to discuss blindness issues with constituents from the national federation of the…
new york  there are just 6 days left for you to visit and sign up for quality  comprehensiv…
this bill will not limit a law-abiding citizen s second amendment rights  instead  it will expand states  ability t…
i want to thank  mylynwood s city council and staff for their leadership to our community  at tonight s council mee…
democrats stand united in our support for  daca  recipients  h r  3440 would grant them the legal status & path to citizenship they deserve
rt  repraskin  four years after the flint water crisis  congress must focus on clean drinking water for all americans  dont forget flint htt…
republicans voted to repeal the aca more than 60 times 
i do not support  secretarycarson  s move to increase rent by 300% for the poorest  most vulnerable americans  read…
to better serve you  i want to hear what issues are on your mind  please feel free to take my survey 
in sno co for today s roundtable discussion on transportation and infrastructure  hearing impacts omnibus  potus fy…
oakland promise is doing incredible work in our community to help students like jaelyn murray achieve their dreams …
americans must take a stand on animal cruelty  the slaughter of horses for human consumption is wrong and we must   
instead of providing relief for hard-working americans  the g o p tax scam ultimately raises taxes on 86 million middle class families  tax day
epa administrator scott pruitt has lost the confidence of the public and many in congress  polluting pruitt s attac…
last night s  daca  ruling doesn t change the fact that congress needs to come together & pass a d r e a m act now  we ca…
2 independent watchdog groups released reports detailing abuse & violation of law at the  epa  in pursuit of perks f…
 tbt  nov  2015 press conference at seattle center s 9/11 garden in response to the heated xenophobic national rheto…
rt  david_yarnold  investing in clean energy technology is the kind of bipartisan approach to climatechange america s birds and people nee…
60 years ago   nasajpl launched explorer 1  beginning our exploration of space  this week  i submitted testimony in…
new on langevin hits the rhode  i had a wonderful time celebrating the opening of the robert f  kennedy recreation ce…
i believe a free and open internet is part of the foundation of a modern democracy  it is plain wrong that the  fcc…
rt  cancgla  thank you   repkihuen  for honouring the life of jordan mcildoon  1 of 4 canadians killed during the october 1st shooting in l…
columbine 19 yrs ago  13 lives  newtown 5 yrs ago  27 lives  parkland this year  17 lives–yet congress does noth…
chapel hill middle recognizes the importance of s t e meducation -- thank you  georgiapower for doing your part to he…
we should encourage contractors across the country to hire vets for local construction jobs  details here ➜…
special counsel robert mueller has a host of questions for trump ranging from possible collusion to obstruction of…
  usgao  a nonpartisan federal watchdog  found that the epa violated the law by spending  43 000 dollars of taxpaye…
i cannot imagine the grief of the parents who lost their little girl today to gun violence at huffman high school …
rt  housejuddems  🚨  breaking    housegop passes  hr3697   an extremely broad bill which would badly affect non-gang affiliated individuals …
the  fcc s decision to end net neutrality hurts hardworking americans who depend on a free & open internet  rest a…
this outrageous story confirms what we suspected  the decision to protect florida from offshore oil drilling was a…
what happens if your child gets sick  or your car breaks down  should that mean you and your child go hungry for up…
though reverend mckinney has passed away  his legacy and advocacy for equal rights of african-americans will remain…
toured waldorf this am to see first hand the town s public infrastructure needs and discuss how we can support thei…
i m introducing legislation to permit medical marijuana use in public housing in states—and dc—where it s legal  te…
great to meet with kirk brown on this snowy dc day  kirk is the director of stem programs at the san joaquin county…
today  i m introducing the energy opportunity zones act  to encourage renewable energy business development in san…
rt  repteddeutch    theatlantic  there s nothing to stop the 2018 elections from being hacked  two years after russia made disrupting our…
i m joining faith leaders to urge my colleagues to protect snap for the most vulnerable americans  protect s n a p
we must not sacrifice americans  rights under the guise of national security  my thoughts on today s vote 
today  on vietnam war veterans day  i want to thank all of our vietnam veterans for their service  we are all so grat…
 uw_rowing keep us up to date  in the silicon valley  apparently cal doesn t have enough broadband width to show the races in entirety
 kindandunblind thank you for sharing this video with me  i am always proud to represent brooklyn  and this is why 
like  patagonia  i believe we shouldn t sell our national parks and tribal lands to private mining and energy inter…
i m celebrating national foster youth month by helping to make the foster youth voices in my district heard  we cann…
rt  nancypelosi  the trumpcare monstrosity is on the march again  we must defeat it 
the detention of pregnant women is particularly concerning because these centers often experience outbreaks of chic…
  dhsgov denied that they were breaking the sacred bond between parents and children until the  nyt reported that m…
small businesses play a crucial role in stimulating our economy and even account for 62% of net new jobs …
the success of our nation and the world rests on the advancement and security of women  and it s why i continue to…
rt  chronmed  houston launches hurricane harvey registry to track the health impact of last year s devastating storm
  jacksonleetx18  we must save the chibok girls and we must do it now   bbog  4 years too long
honored to welcome the  everytown survivors network to washington for their first capitol hill day  their powerfu…
rt  ylinstitute  thank you  rephuffman for hosting this student summit on gunviolence  making space for youthvoice  thank you  mike thorn…
it s fitting that the 1 year anniversary of  realdonaldtrump s inauguration is also the first day of the gop s trump shutdown  a year of trump
there s got to be a sense of urgency now to get a deal done 
at 3 pm et today  house democrats will hold a hearing with experts & community leaders to discuss the impact of lar…
5  trumpcare = medicare raids  shortens the life of the medicare trust fund and undermines seniors  long-term care…
thank you   repjeffdenham 
rt  kendallcoyne  olympic champions   gold rush
yesterday i joined 25 republicans and 25 democrats in introducing compromise legislation that will protect dreamers…
rt  hfacdemocrats  rm  repeliotengel  whistleblowers have informed me that the trump administration plans to replace the  bbggov ceo with…
rt  lacyclaymo1  2020 census everyone counts save the census
a week they walked out to protest gun violence  students at great mills high school in md have become the latest vi…
you go  juan  thanks to  rutgers_newark for working to uplift bright young leaders like juan  protect d r e a mers…
chip is not a nice to have  it s a must have  400 000 kids in our state are about to lose the ability to see a doct…
putin interfered in our election  invaded crimea  and is actively working against the united states in syria  yet …
then  the  gop adds insult to injury by phasing out the tiny tax breaks it gives to the middle class  and actually…
congratulations to the honorees at today s butler memorial united methodist church anniversary luncheon 
after months of empty promises and hype  president trump and republicans in congress are watching their dishonest t…
proud to stand with  momsdemand and students across the tenth district who are working to reduce gun violence and s…
the best social program is a good job with fair wages & the dignity that comes with it  it s time to build 
rt  jbendery  dem rep  gerry connolly   some conservative gopers are trying to find a way for the house chaplain to rescind his resignation…
praying for the victims of the shooting yesterday at uab highlands hospital  our health professionals look out for…
i ll have more to say once i have been able to process the devastating news of kevin kamenetz s passing last night …
the shameful g o p tax scam tax scam places a target on the backs of new york taxpayers  👎 it guts salt deduction  ha…
today  michigan women still only earn 78 cents for every dollar earned by their male counterparts  this is an annua…
at  appropsdems hearing with  secretaryross- just asked about potential addition of citizenship question to…
now  the fight moves to the courts  the states  congress  & you  who can use your wallet to pressure internet provi…
rt  housedemocrats    repspeier  ca-14    rephuffman  ca-02   and  repthompson  ca-05  held a public meeting on the dangers of off-shore dr…
i was pleased to discuss  violence against women act   vawa  reauthorization at april 17  2018 congressional domest…
tonight s the night  i m anchoring the  officialcbc special order hour entitled  2018  the year of the black woman …
the flint water crisis should be a wake-up call  lead poisoning is a real danger that must be taken seriously  fou…
 realdonaldtrump and the gop have sabotaged the aca for the last year  now  3 2 million americans have dropped off…
the press have a right to do their job free from harassment  intimidation  or physical violence 
it was an honor to attend the second quarter business luncheon hosted by  mayorsjoseph and talk about how we can br…
including a citizenship question in the 2020 census will suppress participation & result in inaccurate data that do…
no student should miss out on getting a quality education because of discrimination  today  i m taking part in…
across the country  working women face wage discrimination that impacts their livelihoods  their families  and thei…
la votación de esta mañana obtuvo 68 votos a favor de la moción para cerrar el debate sobre promesa  mucho más de los 60 votos requeridos 
public health is about so much more than just healthcare  it s about improving every aspect of our lives  pleased t…
check out the new  usda resource which brings together into one place access to agriculture programs  information …
noten la respuesta de  reprobbishop con relación a vieques 
we had a great visit today with 5th graders from lone star elementary school in fresno during their field trip to…
honored to join  metrohousingbos s metro housing forum last night  housing is more than shelter  it s the foundation…
affordable housing options are crucial for working families in  nyc  and across the u s   and we must do more to ens…
as chair of the congressional black caucus health braintrust  i want to wish all doctors a happy national doctors day   cbchbt 
the federal government s trust responsibility to tribes includes healthcare for native americans  it s downright sh…
as an island state  hawaii is uniquely reliant on air travel  air transportation is an essential lifeline for peopl…
rt  allianceindeff  the alliance thanks  repcartwright for introducing job creation through energy efficient manufacturing act   chp 
no  thank you  i enjoyed touring the facility and discussing ways we can make fintech more safe and secure for all…
keep sending in your survey responses  already  i ve received thousands of replies about your thoughts on the most…
there have been 11 school shootings this year  it s january 24th  thoughts and prayers are not enough  honor with action end gun violence
 as a member of congress  if i were to dump a stock a week before congress took action that would impact that stock…
 centeronbudget  amermedicalassn  aarp some gop senators say they won t vote for graham cassidy but the fight isn t…
 as revenue to communities has gone down  public services like police have been hurt and decreased   --mayor of vil…
rt  goparks  it was our pleasure to recognize  bettymccollum04 with our park champion award  thank you for your tireless efforts to protect…
click here to read my floor statement in opposition to trumpcare 
today  i m thinking of the families of all those who lost loved ones five years ago at sandy hook elementary and of…
rt  usprogressives  under the g o p tax scam  the super rich get richer on the backs of the poor and working families  that s not the america…
i️ want every muslim american to know that we are grateful for your countless contributions to this nation and we s…
wishing the very best to  uoflpresneeli on her first day as  uofl president  looking forward to working closely on…
i provided the members with a legislative update  and we were able to discuss our community s needs for the 2018 fa…
g o p tax scam winners 👉 wealthy insiders & corporations g o p tax scam losers 👉 middle-class families  teachers  ameri…
met with the la county board of supervisors to discuss the path forward for healthcare  i joined leader…
rt  ap  breaking  congress votes to reopen government as house follows senate in approving bill  trump s quick signature expected 
isn t it time to reconsider marijuana policy 
congratulations to  brownuniversity alumna  ellenstofan on your appointment as the first woman to head  smithsonian…
when speaking with press this morning  i said even  rubiopress agrees  the g o p tax scam isn t helping american worke…
i will continue to support legislation to help people afford homeownership  remain in their homes  avoid foreclosur…
and also there s this 
rt  inhumanities  thanks for taking the time to meet with us   repvisclosky  we re thankful for your continued support 
a student should always feel safe at school  but discriminatory discipline practices exist in today s classrooms  i…
rt  momsaction  thank you  repjayapal   repmceachin &  repbarragan for your leadership in fighting for environmental justice and calling on…
rt  repteddeutch  last night  our community stood together with the mourning families  now  we must turn our thoughts and prayers into acti…
  us_fda s new requirement for doctors to fully disclose essure s serious risks to patients is long overdue  while…
rt  heidiolson50  thank you  repbonnie for a great mtg to help protect our special needs kids    njea  neamedia  hopewelles  hvrsd
all we do is win  win  win no matter what 🥇🥇🥇https //t co/aozqxlafi8  usa  pyeong chang2018 olympics
we cannot continue to allow employers to exploit disabled americans through loopholes  old laws about the managemen…
fire safety can be as simple as these two steps  learn more from  redcross  end home fires
with record numbers of americans getting health care through the affordable care act   housegop should abandon its…
in 1961  my dad- kenny hahn- was the only elected official in la to greet mlk jr  he was deeply moved by the time t…
new year / gut decision  scientists identify new organ in humans via  livescience
rt  sencortezmasto  the house can vote all they want to revive yucca mountain  but let s be clear - any bill that would turn nevadans  back…
praying for all those affected by the  usnavy aircraft crash in the phillippine sea  i am thankful for the continue…
today marks the 72nd anniversary of the liberation of auschwitz  on this international holocaust remembrance day and every day we never forget
rt  getuscovered  today s the day  you can go to and sign up for health coverage  need a pep talk first   barackoba…
i am proud to join the national teacher day resolution expressing support for a pay increase for public school teac…
wall street bankers each got  184 000 in bonuses after the republican tax bill passed  i just ask  when have these…
below is my statement on councilmember trayon white s recent comments 
trump promised change  by lowering cost of prescription drugs   instead  we get more of the same  fake plan   all t…
dreamers  if you re eligible for daca renewal  do so immediately  uscis is still accepting renewal applications  y…
kicked off national volunteer week meeting with  voafla – helping those in need right here at home 
once again  ct leading the nation and banning bump stocks  this is how we make progress  smart  incremental change…
great to meet  epilepsyfdn advocates from nevada  who are in town for the speak up speak out event  we appreciate you…
the cherry blossoms are in full bloom in d c   if you and your family are making the trip down  give my office a ca…
 pruitt drew up a list of at least a dozen countries he hoped to visit and urged aides to help him find official re…
a happy mothersday2018 day to all moms  grandmoms  stepmoms  mother s-in-law  and mother figures out there  blesse…
rt  drdenagrayson  abject racist trump pal  sheriff joe arpaio  announces bid for senate to replace  jeffflake‼️🤬🤢🤮 g o pfail
i urge republicans to take steps back toward bipartisanship and work with democrats to negotiate a compromise…
congrats to this month s nevada woman in s t e m  cristina rocha rodriguez  she is currently a student at  csncoyote & a…
we were able to reach a consensus on spending increases to critical programs that address homelessness  increase ac…
 potus  has called himself the king of debt  well  his administration is on track to borrow nearly  1 trillion this…
today i joined members of the house appropriations subcommittee on interior and environment in writing to  seczinke…
federal renewableenergy funding helps develop new technology  creates jobs  cuts pollution  and fights…
polluting pruitt has never prioritized the health of the average american  from his days suing the agency he now ru…
outrageous  the trump administration s callous decision to cancel tps for tens of thousands of hondurans will rip a…
current fuel economy standards are on track to reduce america s oil dependence by 2m  barrels a day  save  1 7 tril…
proud cosponsor of h r 4240  it strengthens the background check system  closes loopholes & helps keep guns out of…
  realdonaldtrump deserves credit for helping bring about historic step in korea  success is a nuke-free dprk with no icbms 
icymi  here s my floor speech   2/2 
calling all delawareans  the open enrollment period for 2018 ends at midnight  get covered before it s too late at…
rt  coveredca  consumers who start an application before midnight will be able to work with a certified enroller or call service center to…
i d like wish a very happy easter to all those celebrating today 
this election is a great opportunity to highlight my aggressive progressive record  opposing trump and standing up…
rt  nowthisnews   you are unfit to hold public office  and undeserving of the public trust   — rep  frank pallone absolutely shredded epa h…
rep  cicilline reads  the story of hina  to 2nd graders at globe park elementary school in woonsocket as part of th…
 he was so young   rep  lewis told us   saying that if dr  king had lived  we might have a very different country today 
still reviewing text  but almost certain graham cassidy does not cover pathological hypocrisy  mainly cuts health c…
rt  thedemocrats  we are live with hrc spokesperson  sarahembride and dnc deputy chair  keithellison talking about our fight got lgbtq righ…
rt  energycommerce  watch pruitt continues to pass the buck and refuses to take responsibility for anything in questioning from  repcardena…
prescription drug costs have skyrocketed in recent years  in just over a year  the prices of 20 common prescription…
i have introduced a resolution supporting  glsen day of silence for the past 16 years  and i m proud to once again d…
today i joined my colleagues to demand no bill no break
wishing a happy & peaceful new year to all as i look forward to continuing our work together in 2018 
the fight to end hiv is not over  especially in communities of color  on  nbhaad   take the time to get tested and…
kamehameha celebration during hokulea visit pic  my dad   maziehirono  my sister & niece  my mom  &  senbrianschatz
happy derby day  best of luck with the ponies and the weather  the rain can t dampen our derby spirit 
rt  recsolar  our own mike borger spoke with  repcarbajal and keyt about renewableenergy &gt  renewables solar sol…
good wins over evil  congratulations to senator-elect  gdouglasjones  d-al   a victory for women and a strong messa…
despite many closed polling places  ev has been record breaking in tx  if you haven t already  vote on tuesday  
following the latest deadly mass shooting - this time at a waffle house - we cannot allow the nra to continue to bl…
rt  repswalwell  we are not helpless to  realdonaldtrump s threats to fire mueller  or his boss   i asked  housejudiciary to act immediatel…
democrats are willing to work with republicans to lower premiums and expand access to coverage  but…
on top of the endless scandals   epascottpruitt has weaponized the  epa against the environment he s supposed to be…
rt if you agree  clean drinking water should be a basic human right  dont forget flint
rt  stamfordmayor  almost 60 new u s  citizens being sworn in by judge eginton at the ferguson library this morning  congrats to all  despi…
be careful on the roads today  make sure to give emergency vehicles and plows plenty of room 
rt  reprichmond  student loan debt is crippling a generation and holding back our whole economy   housegop left town and didn t lift a finge…
just in time for earth day  we re learning more about how the g o p tax scam helps big oil at the expense of working f…
this was a vote to provide health coverage for 9 million children and to send federal workers back to the job  an i…
rt  op_homefront  2018 military child of the year® award recipient for the  usnavy isabelle richards chatting up  repjuanvargas  these 7 o…
rt  cbsnews  rep  kathy castor  you are collecting personal information on people who do not even have facebook accounts  isn t that right …
wishing a happy and peaceful first night of hanukkah to those celebrating in new hampshire and around the world this evening 
rt  ilfarmbureau  does the escalating trade war worry  repcheri   let me count the ways   she says  read more here 
this spring  findyourpark and enjoy the natural beauty of the bay area  national park week
thank you to all the vendors who attended our women s resource fair this saturday  womens history month
did you know  snap gives recipients only  1 40 a meal  that s it—nothing else  house & senate republicans want to sn…
for an investigation that has consistently put partisanship over our national security  house intelligence committe…
rt  teaganne_finn  now   my role on the ag committee as a rep  is not to limit peoples options but to fight for their choice for fresh food…
rt  buzzfeed  twitter says impersonating a journalist during a mass shooting doesn t violate its rules
the jake-laird act has bipartisan sponsorship  democrats and republicans are both affected by gun violence  and thi…
this week  i m celebrating nttw18  tourism & travel generate nearly  40 billion in spending in nevada & support ov…
stopped by the choffin career & technical center to check out some of the amazing tech education programming at wor…
been some interesting rumors recently   election2016
sending the military to the u s -mexico border is a grave mistake and a gross waste of taxpayer resources  my excha…
a constituent sent me these stunning pictures she took — how lucky are we to live in el paso 
rt  credomobile    repjoekennedy makes a very good point about rex tillerson s abrupt removal from the state department
disturbed by reports people without roles at  deptvetaffairs may have hampered efforts to move forward w/reforms th…
rt  unhumanrights  el salvador  we welcome the news that teodora vásquez has been freed from prison where she was serving a 30-year sentenc…
rt  dberrygannett     repmaloney  whose bill would stop the census bureau from adding untested questions late in the planning process  said…
currently at  appropsdems full committee markup on the energy & water bill  which includes my language in support o…
the trump administration is separating young children from their parents to deter immigration into our country  th…
our relationship with turkey has been tested by its denial of genocide  serious strategic differences and increasin…
rt  vcclerkrecorder  thomas fire victims may need to re-register to vote
i m not sure about an official 24/7 security detail  but i do agree scott pruitt would benefit from some round-the-…
happening now  talking to  alexwitt on  msnbc about the latest with the russia investigation  tune in 
rt  ordepted  you know a great teacher  so why not nominate them for teacher of the year 
don t miss the may 21st registration deadline for the california primary elections  check your registration status…
i received updates yesterday on legislation impacting the housing and financial services industry with new jersey h…
from full funding for the  glri   to fighting algal blooms and asian carp  to path-breaking clean energy and advance…
our  ga13  health fair is just a few weeks away  bring your family  bring a veteran  and pre-register today …
for a man born and married on patriots day  gil santos was the consummate new englander  he will be sorely missed 
if you re a veteran and are looking for a job  check out the heroes 4 hire career fair tomorrow at rentschler field…
honored to welcome one of my personal heroes  my colleague  repjohnlewis  to las vegas for the  touronevada gala di…
helping communities & businesses redevelop abandoned properties is one of the most important steps we can take to b…
thank you  supervisor patti  for bravely stepping in to help a member of our community 
the trump administration/koch brothers basically staged a mutiny against secretary shulkin for saying he wouldn t p…
take a look at the  aflcio s 2018  death on the job report  & join me in standing strongly against efforts to dilut…
one year ago  housegop passed trumpcare  217 house republicans voted to blow up families  healthcare premiums  kic…
rt  lasdhq  *update* lasd  homicide detectives looking for person of interest in stabbing death of a woman  rolling hills estates  if you s…
i was in willimantic yesterday as the new england central railroad   necr   unloaded the brand-new steel rails that…
republicans launch trade war  stock market plunges  again   retirement accounts plummet  again   are you tired of a…
rt  repcohen  keep up with memphis s  loquaciouslions as they roar their approvals  dissents and general feline-feelings on the politics a…
fact  3 of the country s worst 10 mass shootings have been carried out w/assault weapons in just the past 5 months…
young people are leading the way in our changing economy and in changing our nation for the better  next week  i m…
leaving the iran deal would be a serious strategic mistake and set a terrible diplomatic precedent while working on…
glad the fcc inspector general is looking into pai s relationship w sinclair- it s been a long time coming  he s ha…
merry christmas and happy holidays from my family to yours  i hope you all have a wonderful holiday season with lov…
thank you to  repcicilline for joining me at  rollinscollege in winter park today to discuss gun violence preventio…
americans are demanding congress act on commonsense gun laws  while no one law will prevent every instance of gun v…
national parks week starts today  entrance fees are waved at all  natlparkservice sites  find your park at
tune in to  cnn now to catch me talking  potus  proposed border wall w/  brookebcnn
spent may day at the slo annual barbecue honoring the important role workers & unions play on the central coast  to…
 breaking   we have secured another favorable ruling against the trump administration  in a victory for our families…
when it comes to the rohingya crisis  congress must not accept neutrality or any shade of it  we must stand tall on…
statements like this from mr  dowd are incredibly worrisome and show the continued efforts by  realdonaldtrump and…
honoring veterans today on veterans day and everyday with words and actions 
it was a pleasure meeting new stratcom commander  gen  john hyten  today during the  us_stratcom change of command …
the decision to withdraw from the iran deal undercuts our allies like great britain  france  & germany who continue…
we have a responsibility to do all that we can to protect our planet  i m proud to have earned a score of 97% on the 2017 l c v scorecard 
the use of nerve gas is a war crime of immense proportion  i support targeted military strikes in syria  but if the…
rt  civildefensehi  possibility of an explosive eruption at halema uma u due to the ongoing withdrawal of lava from the summit lake 
white house distancing itself from cohen tonight - saying he was one of many lawyers  he was trump s fixer  by tomo…
team m l g joined  unm for  presidentstokes  installation reception this evening  she is the university s 23rd presid…
we re witnessing a much-needed sea change in society in which sexual harassment and abuse of power is no longer tol…
rt  thearcofmass  grateful for the support from  nikiinthehouse as we advocate for our disability priorities along with children s hospita…
rt  edworkforcedems   icymi  ranking members  bobbyscott   reprichardneal  and  frankpallone raise concerns about undermining comprehensive…
rt  repdwightevans  as a proud member of the  housesbcdems  i m excited to announce that my bill  hr 1702  the small business development…
 there are moments in time that just feel different   said congressman josh gottheimer at the bergen county march …
rt  officialcbc  it wasn t a voter fraud commission  it was a voter suppression commission  we re glad taxpayers will no longer be footing…
i m excited for crawl crown heights tomorrow with  internetassn  cmlauriecumbo &  waltertmosley  i look forward to l…
seeking asylum is not illegal  in fact  it is written into us immigration laws to ensure that those w/a credible fe…
rt  repdianadegette   hbd  to the affordable care act  which was signed into law eight years ago today  it has weathered numerous repeal atte…
the reason rep   kycomer and i are here is to work on your behalf  it is our duty as your representatives in washi…
rep  cicilline   senjackreed  senwhitehouse & rep   jimlangevin join nea chair jane chu & neh director karen kenton…
in this wk s momentoftruth on the white house s ongoing cover-up  i focused on the unanswered  s about the infamou…
we have to work together to bring stability back to health care marketplace & improve aca  read my plan to do that…
john mc cain is infinitely a better person that donald trump even claims he is 
even though tpp is doa in congress   potus should remember his campaign promises for fair trade to our industrial h…
if you re not concerned  sarah huckabee sanders  why won t the president agree to an interview with bob mueller  hi…
saddened to hear of the passing of congresswoman louise slaughter  louiseslaughter  her work in congress will not b…
rt  repjohnlarson  the gop tax law has given huge tax cuts to the rich and corporations while the middle class in states like ct get double…
kicking off my 15th annual g a13 jobs fair with  sbasoutheast  sba_georgia small business seminar  entrepreneurship …
2 months ago  a gunman killed 58 and wounded 500  in las vegas  1 month ago  a gunman killed 26 people in their ch…
it s about being able to sleep at night knowing that we can look students like  davidhogg111 in the eye because we …
re  ct bump stock ban  opponents  questioned why this latest bill was needed  and  brought up how bump stocks haven…
  realdonaldtrump s  fcc took away a free and open internet  senate democrats are one step closer to forcing vote t…
not on my watch   senmikelee s anti-home-rule bill that uniquely discriminates against our dc lgbt community will n…
i am humbly honored for the kind well wishes given by dr  phil roe  chairman of the house subcommittee on health    
down below  we saw a sea of blue    selma52
in today s digital age  fair  open  and equal access to the internet is not only essential to upholding our democra…
 republicans played down mr  trump s appeals  describing them as the actions of a political newcomer unfamiliar wit…
rt  govtrack  h r  2410 by  repdannydavis passed the house yesterday  →senate   sickle cell disease research  surveillance  prevention  and…
rt  drdenagrayson  👇🏼exactly👇🏼     even nixon had more integrity than trump   friday night massacre
rt  hcpsarea2  thank you congresswoman  usrepkcastor for meeting with student leaders at  letohighschool to discuss student safety and othe…
mike pompeo s track record against lgbtq and women s rights  support for use of torture  and anti-muslim statement…
this is unacceptable  we should reverse course on these fiscally irresponsible policies and enact rational spending…
my office is monitoring the chimney fire & my thoughts are with those whose homes were destroyed  view updates at
join sen  mcguire   countymendocino & me for a town hall re  recovering and rebuilding mendocino county  there will…
rt  oversightdems  republicans claimed the g o p tax scam would  trickle down  to the less fortunate   bankofamerica showed how this talking p…
i posted a new photo to facebook
access to high-quality internet will be one of the most valuable tools for business in the decades to come  it s ti…
i will be talking  seahawks super bowl x l i x w  thereval  politicsnation  msnbc - 645pm/345pm today go hawks we are12
need help  my staff will be at the carmichael library on tuesday from 10 00 am to noon to help you with backlogged…
great addition to  nv03  
on the 8th anniversary of the  aca  i vow to continue fighting for increased access to affordable care  because all…
which is how i feel watching his press conferences 
on live now with  alexwitt msnbc talking trade war  border wall  epa 
rt  sdutideas  we watched mark zuckerberg s testimony before the house energy & commerce committee and we transcribed his exchange with  re…
you can t buy sudafed without showing your id – why should you be able to buy a firearm without a background check …
i am proud to cosponsor the health equity and accountability act  heaa   which serves as a comprehensive blueprint…
thank you for coming by my office & for your critical support of  liheap   this program is so important to ensuring…
thanks again to the 2800 people who took part in today s tele-town hall  we covered a lot of ground  i ll share som…
i m so proud of all the students in  ny17  and across the u s  who are walking out of their classrooms today to send…
our pets give us nothing but love  we should return the sentiment  that s why i introduced the heart act  along w/…
our team attended the lori piestewa memorial for our fallen heroes and families  we honored fallen service members…
 darkness cannot drive out darkness  only light can do that  hate cannot drive out hate  only love can do that  …
rt  ac360   it s almost laughable  except it s not  that invoking fairness and remembering those less fortunate  apparently is now a firing…
  waynerooney  come bring glory back to  dcunited  and while you re at it  why not move to  va11   great community …
scott pruitt needs to go  the  epa deserves an honest leader who won t use his or her position for personal gain  a…
mr  president  there is no defense of white supremecists and neo-nazis  your words are an insult to millions of americans 
  chenforcongress made a difficult choice today  that s real leadership  and i commend him for it 
the tax cuts the top 1% get from the trump tax scam cost more than the entire snap program—which helps 40 million pe…
a great introduction to nowruz  the persian new year 
why should the american people have to wait until  speakerryan retires for congress to do its job 
in 2016  there were 5 190 workplace deaths & tens of thousands of americans were permanently disabled on the job  d…
very informative article  under the gop tax bill  homeowners would be devastated and hard-working  middle class fam…
happy gandhi jayanti  gandhi jayanti
right now  you can still apply to renew your  daca   if you meet the requirements for renew d a c a  you should apply-https //t co/whdpxdckem
already been in 
today s prescriptiondrug proposal from president trump stops short of providing meaningful solutions that will sol…
rt  lgbteqcaucus   our community knows what poverty looks like   lgbtq  people are being left out new study shows 
our students are calling for common-sense solutions to end gun violence in our schools  congress must act to show th…
we just learned that a russian oligarch s company sent  500 000 to michael cohen - vox
chronic wasting disease has the potential to devastate deer herds  and it is time we bring hunters  scientists  and…
i am honored that leader  nancypelosi just shared a constituent story on the house floor that i received from a val…
always a pleasure engaging with faith leaders in my district  thank you for being a strong spiritual foundation in…
the futureof work is one of the most pressing issues our economy will face in the next generation  i m glad to see…
it s national tourism week  travel & tourism have transformed our economy in southern nevada  vegas  nv03   ustravel…
president trump must end politically-motivated sabotage of the health care market that is hurting hardworking americans protect our care
tomorrow  have a question related to immigration or travel  team clark will be at our metrowest regional office in…
i m pushing for emergency funds to combat the horrible fires in or to be included in the hurricane harvey     bill 
tomorrow s  fcc vote will cut enrollment in lifeline by 70%  we need lifeline for all to ensure all americans receiv…
nice time speaking at the kew gardens civic association s annual meeting  reaffirmed my support for preserving the…
read about our passionate town hall on gun safety  thanks to everyone who attended   osceolanews  housenewdems…
toledo moves forward as construction begins on the new cleveland cliffs facility  will modernize our steel industry…
glad to see senate democrats working to force a vote on net neutrality  proud to support similar legislation in the…
rt  wxyzdetroit  happy 313 day  detroit 
 1/4  taunting hostile foreign powers over twitter is a disgraceful and dangerous way to govern  the situation in…
fema s fire prevention and safety grant opens monday  february 12 and closes friday  march 16  i am a strong advoca…
excited to welcome new members to our veterans advisory council  our vac helps plan our veterans events  provides fe…
rt  outfrontcnn  rep  ted lieu   the president s comments are un-american and disgraceful  fundamental to american democracy is the rule of…
rt  afscme  happy national library workers day  today we celebrate and honor library workers who serve the public with pride and make their…
join us live now for a hearing on combatting sexual harassment in the workplace 
50 years ago  our nation lost an incredible leader  as we honor the life and legacy of dr  king  let us recommit ou…
i m very proud of my constituents on the harker middle school national science bowl team who recently won their reg…
rt  sandiegocounty  thanksgiving  it s definitely the biggest cooking day of the year  are you a safe cook or can bacteria like salmonella…
rt  lcvoters  lcvaf congratulates  juliabrownley for moving forward in the  ca26  2016 elections
rt  repgutierrez  the house judiciary dem staff created this useful fact sheet to counter some of the immigration claims and falsehoods fro…
trump wants to keep families apart by expanding the definition of  public charge  to include programs related to he…
rt  folcsnyu  what will make you both laugh and become angry at the same time  our conversation on political satire with chris buckley and…
while the impact women have when they have a seat at the table is unmistakable  women still make up only a marginal…
rt  chazfelder  everyone get out and vote today  i voted for  capuano4senate  you should too  masen
rt  riotwomennn  one for the trump / republican history books   there is something afoul in the white house  tennessee democrat steve coh…
great seeing  chiefjohnmina today 
thank you again and i look forward to continuing our work together in the near future 
hosted the first reception for my 25th annual  an artistic discovery  congressional art competition tonight at the…
i hope that the  housejudiciary will take up the issue of gunviolence  including an examination of bumpstocks  as…
great meeting with members of the hennepin county commission  the commission is doing outstanding work on everythin…
enough is enough  consumers should not pay the price for equifax s mistakes  my bill will help consumers protect th…
icymi  i joined a bipartisan forum at  georgetownlaw to discuss congressional oversight of  thejusticedept and  fbi…
 since sandy hook  more kids have been victims to gun violence than the number of us troops killed since 9/11   p…
rt  apa1906network  celebrating 111 years of brotherhood and service  happy founders day brothers 
it s national nurses week  there are more than 26 000 nurses in nm & for every 1 000 jobs roughly 19 are licensed…
deporting 8 800 school teachers is a brilliant strategy for fixing america s teacher shortage  well done …
i am  it s called democracy  why don t you fight to keep the russians or any adversary from taking that away from u…
want to make your voice heard on net neutrality  you can contact the  fcc at 202-418-1000 
deeply honored to receive the 2018 wenger award from  womenheartorg—an organization made up of fearless women worki…
attended the virginia peninsula chamber of commerce s 2018 economic forecast annual breakfast  pictured with senato…
scott pruitt has made it clear that he will stop at nothing to ease regulations for his polluting corporate pals  o…
as tax day fast approaches  stay on the look-out for tax scams  helpful tips on how to protect yourself 
it s all about being confident  be confident in yourself and in what you believe  civility isn t about changing who…
always a pleasure to visit  bgcskagit to see the great work they do for the kids in our community  and truly an hon…
receiving a lot of insightful questions and feedback from constituents at my townhall 
a reminder that today s womens history month event celebrating african american women in ballet is still on  1 30pm…
given the daily allegations of wrongdoing about the white house and trump campaign  congress must act to…
joined my  energycommerce colleagues to call for hearing to examine ways to stabilize the health insurance market
one of the greatest frauds ever perpetrated on the american people g o p tax scam
this morning  i spoke on the house floor to discuss president trump s proposed tariffs on china and their harmful i…
the fcc vote to end netneutrality is unacceptable  thank you to everyone who contacted my office  don t be discour…
rt  oversightdems  happening soon  everyone counts press conference on the 2020census
house republicans say the g o p farm bill doesn t kick a single person off  snap   that s not true  265 000 kids will l…
introduced with  repwalterjones legislation to honor purple heart recipients and other american heroes by giving th…
rt  nmtechcouncil   replujangrisham is dedicated to improving the broadband connectivity in  nm   internet small businesses facebook commu…
i am at  mlk50memphis and am honored to speak at 9 20 a m  cdt / 10 20 a m  edt 
data collected in decennial u s  census is vital for appropriate distribution of fed  dollars to ca s cities for s…
because i m confident in a loyola ramblers win  i m wagering some  garrettpopcorn against  replawrence s vernors &…
thank you kevin cole and  kexp for the recognition today on the radio  i listened live and appreciated the wonderful tribute 
may this holy month of ramadan bring peace and wisdom  ramadan kareem ramadan2018
so now scott pruitt accepts climate change is real  but claims it s actually a good thing  mr  pruitt  you need to…
if you re in  ne02  and planning a trip to dc  my staff can help you schedule a capitol and white house tour  visit …
rt  mkennedychouane    repjimmypanetta  it s when you come to programs like this   that you really learn to appreciate this area  salinas…
for all the early risers/night owls out there - i m joining  morning_joe first look tomorrow at 5 30 am et/2 30 am…
this first-of-its-kind legislation that would promote an enabling environment for the continued development of arti…
i ll be holding a facebook live q & a today at approximately 11 45 am  tweet me your questions or watch live  hope…
democratic issues conference with vice president  joebiden 
if you re interested in serving our nation & attending one of our esteemed institutions  you can ask questions & le…
rt  reprokhanna  yesterday i introduced the measuring the economic impact of broadband act w/  repannaeshoo   repryancostello &  repbrianfi…
as  potus considers military action in response to the assad regime s chemical attack  the legal basis for any stri…
rt  capac  icymi   capac  members observe dayof remembrance for japanese incarceration never forget
happening now  i m hosting a panel on political islam to educate colleagues on this important issue 
dreamers and their families are living in uncertainty & fear every day congress fails to act on protections for th…
 tbt   great visit in d c  yesterday with  dc_chamber members 
supporting the arts is a great example of where we can do a lot of good with a small investment  these festivals at…
why we need  senbooker s marijuana justice act  in nyc  hispanic and black people are arrested at 5 and 8 times  res…
after getting resources to puerto rico way too late  trump is threatening to remove them way too soon  millions are…
rep  tulsi gabbard is an original cosponsor of the raise the wage act  which would raise the minimum wage to  15 an…
this week my regular newsletter discussed housing & age in place assistance for our kupuna  read it here→https //t co/tpl0ikvvmx
rt  townofgarner  our congress member   repdavideprice   toured  downtowngarner earlier today as part of his way of marking small business w…
the deadline for filing taxes on income earned in 2017 is next tuesday  april 17th  don t wait until the last minut…
we re a nation of immigrants & uprooting thousands of tps recipients is unacceptable  proud to join  nydiavelazquez…
trump is not being straight with the american people about trade/tariffs  is anyone surprised  birther-in- chief
trump administration has announced that it will try to roll back regulations protecting transgender people from dis…
what trump fails to understand is that this devastating situation has no simple  military solution  it requires a t…
last friday  i sent a letter to  betsydevosed urging that  usedgov take swift action to provide relief to the stude…
join me in honoring those who served our country today at the philadelphia veterans parade  it kicks off at 12pm fr…
rt  mkraju  after weeks of wh and trump insisting he knew nothing about stormy daniels payment  trump admits to have deceived the public -…
they came toward us beating us with nightsticks  bullwhips  trampling us with horses  releasing the teargas …
happy womens history month  my daughter  cora  is fortunate to have so many inspirational women to look up to 
big win for women huskies against the reigning national champs from south carolina  onto the final four again 
rt  senschumer  today  50 years after his assassination  we honor dr  king s life and legacy with our words and our actions  speak up & sta…
it s time to get out the vote in ventura co  watch our  gotv  video and then join us to knock doors  call voters   ca26 
i am saddened to learn of the passing of my dear friend  bobbie daggs jones  bobbie was a devoted champion for the…
the simple truth is  our veterans and active duty military deserve the absolute best care that our grateful nation…
today the  naacp celebrates 109 years of activism on behalf of people throughout this country  here s to 109 more  black history month
delaney cosponsors resolution to protect federal workers  pay in event of government shutdown
rt  talkpoverty   i find it ludicrous that we would pass a tax scam   and then turn around and say we can t afford to pay for a program th…
 fbf  great to be with the  sfultonchamber yesterday  where i provided a legislative update & heard from business &…
last year  san diego experienced some of the worst wildfires in recent history  this year  make sure you and your f…
rt  npca   repcartwright thanks for working to protect our national parks  find your voice
rt  keegannyc  scathing and excellent piece of investigative reporting on how manhattan da cy vance viciously prosecutes the poor at litera…
using the words  china boy   & displaying a photo of the costume on what appears to be a caucasian child whose eyes…
day 7 of womens history month and tomorrow is the first day of international womens day -  speakerryan  maybe instead…
the special counsel independence & integrity act - legislation i cosponsored this week - is a necessary response to…
participating in  repspeier s bipartisan reading of the stanford victim impact statement tonight was a powerful & unforgettable experience
tuberous sclerosis complex  tsc  affects more than one million people around the globe  proud of organizations like…
rt  oversightdems  jared kushner once credited cambridg analytica with the president s victory  we must do more to learn how foreign actors…
 we were trying to get the  sandy  package passed- we had a lot of the republicans and members from the south and…
this week  i welcomed baseball legend  davidortiz  unhcr goodwill ambassador  kristindavis and the  machinistsunion…
shame on  dhsgov  icegov for criminalizing all immigrants  shame on you for arresting innocent persons with no crim…
the iran deal is making america & our allies safer – in other words  it s working  walking away from it now will leave america isolated 
may is national military appreciation month  a time to honor the outstanding service of the brave men and women of…
anyone who votes for omnibus will be voting to take money from law-abiding taxpayers – some of whom are immigrants…
i m joining  usrepmikedoyle to introduce the legislation in the house that will overturn the fcc s disastrous…
outrageous  the nonpartisan tax policy center found that the g o p tax bill would raise the taxes of 38 million americ…
tune in now as i join texas house members in holding a press conference on the inclusion of an  89 billion disaster…
rt  atlantamarch  thank you  repjohnlewis  rephankjohnson  itsericathomas  beeforgeorgia  cannonfor58 and all of the amazing panelists who…
our nation must be dedicated to supporting military veterans who proudly served and sacrificed for our nation  tha…
while  housegop has passed special-interest bills  they have refused to bring up key bills that americans support & would help millions  1/
it s been almost 2 weeks since my colleagues and i demanded scott pruitt step down due to his role in the ever-pres…
tax cutsand jobs act explodes the deficit and sticks our children with the bill  all while requiring medicare to be slashed by  25 billion 
my thoughts are w/ those affected by this morning s tragic  amtrak collision  as a member of the  transport committ…
a win for healthy  non-elderly men who are & will always be healthy & non-elderly 
rt  amheartadvocacy  ty to the women of congress for coming together yesterday to raise awareness about women s heart disease  also  big…
open enrollment ends tomorrow  head to or call 1-800-318-2596 to get covered before it s to…
the 6 million jews murdered during the holocaust - and our responsibility to confront hate and anti-semitism with c…
i am standing on the right side of history  i stand with  hrc for marriageequality love cant wait
congrats to these students on their excellence  we ve got 6th & 7th graders learning differential calculus & elemen…
scott pruitt s disgraceful tenure at the  epa is one for the history books  he has actively undermined the epa s mi…
on april 30  1789  george washington was sworn-in as 1st president of the united states  🇺🇸  otd  did you know
rt  kampeas  18 jewish house democrats express  dismay  to netanyahu over african migrants policy
an accurate 2020census is critical  including a citizenship question will suppress participation & result in inacc…
no  it is not nicole that has failed  it is congress  it is congress that has failed families and communities acros…
icymi  i submitted an amendment to bolster missile defense in hi  mahalo  staradvertiser for covering this issue 
joined delegate cheryl turpin  delegate jason miyares and virginia beach councilman bobby dwyer in congratulating e…
received updates this morning from representatives of  usacehq on the important projects taking place in the 8th di…
for months  many members of congress have urged speaker ryan to allow a vote on legislation to prevent such interfe…
this just in ➡️ house republicans today voted down a motion that would have forced a vote on various gun violence p…
today i participated in q c big table where thousands of quad citizens gathered around tables to discuss how we can i…
dr  king s life was tragically cut short 50 years ago  but the global movement for equality he inspired lives on  a…
for nearly 3 years   columnhealth has revolutionized substance use disorder treatment through the use of data & pat…
now  on  cnn with  katebolduan on  realdonaldtrump s decision to speak at the  nra  nraam  convention - just months…
mahalo to  mufihannemann &  hawaiilodging for a great discussion and start to my day  team rep takai
america is currently undercounting opioid-related overdoses by 20 to 35 percent  this must change  through increase…
thank you to  repstephenlynch   the  emsmemorial for your work on legislation to establish a national ems memorial…
honored to present  danieldaekim with the  apaics vision award last night  the vision award is presented to a promi…
rt  ronaldklain  the wh hosted military spouses today  our armed forces are 40% non-white  the odds that -- by chance -- a group of 52 mi…
proud to join my nm colleagues to protect supplemental nutrition assistance program  snap  so our neighbors in nm d…
as  realdonaldtrump floats around in his snow globe of chaos  crassness and corruption  it is time for every member…
while not perfect  the deal was hard-won after years of intense negotiations with a hard-line adversary in order to…
chip and medicaid combine to cover nearly half of all children in el paso and offer prenatal care to 36 000 pregnant women in texas 
i know father patrick conroy  he s a good man  he was never partisan  he was always available  speaker ryan owes u…
the trump administration s move to add a citizenship question to the 2020 census is a shameless attempt to deprive…
gracias al  chci por permitirme participar de su conferencia anual como moderador del cierre de la sesión plenaria 
rt  jonallendc    repjoekennedy chatting with high school students from easton  mass   at the foot of the capitol 
thank you my dominican friends for the award  proud to see the community flourish in our district & across us 
medicaid is the largest provider of hiv care in the u s  the medicaid expansion has helped people living with hiv g…
speaking now on the house floor in favor of a resolution to require members and staff undergo mandatory sexual hara…
i want to extend a very special thank you to all of our wisconsin spring interns in my d c  & madison offices for t…
this weekend  millions of americans will be demanding congress end gun violence in the march for our lives  i see you…
  nytimes piece underscores why we must work to keep the memory of the holocaust alive  making sure we never forget…
 kmc1952 hi karen  i voted no on this financially irresponsible bill 
it s national park week - a chance to celebrate the parks that represent the beauty and wonder of our country and sh…
rt  coveredca  need assistance with your 2018 covered c a application or account  free expert help is available near you 
thanks to everyone who came out to the open house in antioch this week 
rejoining the tpp would be a disastrous about-face  we ought to be moving away from the failed trade policies of th…
rt  repswalwell  we  don t  have  to  live  this  way  enough is enough
i cosponsored legislation that helps survivors of online sex trafficking seek justice in the court system  the bill…
it was a pleasure meeting with deacon roberts  proud of all the work  cathcharitieslv is doing in our las vegas com…
not all gun violence victims die  many carry the scars of their trauma for a lifetime  never again
in honor of national farmers day i hope everyone will take some time to thank a farmer  iowa s farmers help fuel and…
how the tax cut president trump loves will deepen trade deficits he hates
rt  ltgovhall_long  if you are looking for a career to make a difference in the lives of families in delaware be sure to stop by tomorrow …
looking forward to celebrating the graduates at  uncfsu this weekend  it s truly an honor to be this year s commenc…
i thank  energycommerce for sending a bipartisan letter to  hudgov to ensure money congress set aside to rebuild th…
sexual harassment is a form of discrimination  and now thanks to  carlinarivera it is legally recognized as such un…
rt  hamiltoncollege  thanks for the heads-up  and congrats to rep  matthew a cartwright  83   repcartwright
m l k50 forward let freedom ring  50th anniversary commemoration of dr  king s death  stone mountain  ga   wednesday …
rt  roxanakopetman  pentagon ends ban on transgender troops in military rep  lorettasanchez calls it  a historic moment for america 
rt  nrdems  after  repraulgrijalva &  repjohnconyers urge  speakerryan 2 pull shameful s h a r e act  ryan pulls share act
rt  coconinonf  wildfire update🔥tinder fire  500 acre in east clear creek near fr 95🔥smoke going northeast towards blue ridge & sr 87 🔥pre…
while recent events have broken our hearts  they ve also shown us human bravery  teachers protecting students  kids…
my statement on retirement of senator bill larkin  1/ if you re truly lucky  in the course of a public career you…
tune in  i will be hosting a press conference w/ u s attorney mcgregor w  scott at 1 00pm to announce the arrest &…
terrorist tunnel networks represent an increasingly sophisticated and dangerous threat to the safety and security o…
proud to see uab lead the way   big shout out to uab president dr  watts  dean of uab s school of medicine dr  vick…
scott pruitt is trying to skew the epa s clean air standards to help polluters  bottom lines  despite the fact that…
rt  asmithfield  a bipartisan group of  humefoggknights will setup a voter registration booth  bongojava belmont on sunday  march 4th  from…
wishing all the moms out there a very happy and restful mothers day
meet ryan james solis  a senior at eastwood high school in el paso who received a national community service youth…
rt  foodandwater   tulsigabbard thank you for sponsoring the w a t e r act to make water service safer  more affordable & accessible  water for…
high school students  my office is now accepting entries for the 2018 congressional art competition  all submissio…
republicans are so afraid that they won t even let  cdcgov study gun violence 
the only way to uncover the truth about the trump campaign s ties to russia is to appoint a special prosecutor 
ty  iamjohnoliver for this update on sinclair  if the dept of justice oks sinclair s dramatic expansion  72% of am…
a3  opening our coastlines to offshore drilling could result in oil spills that would devastate the environment and…
 snap   our nation s most important & effective anti-hunger program  provides food to 40 million americans  expands…
icymi it s wildfire awareness week  a reminder about to prepare for fire season  we all know how tough the fires hi…
don t forget to join us later on today at carson park   ca44 
to my republican colleagues  there is too much at stake for the people that we serve  this high-stakes game of chicken must end 
2016 hestec congressional roundtable discussion
building bipartisan relationships in congress isn t easy but intense 7am group workouts help  hey  anything to get…
i hope you used this  bhm  to learn more about african-american trailblazers and movements that defined our country …
h r  3870 provides for the treatment of atomic veterans who participated in the cleanup of enewetak atoll  atomic vets
i m extremely concerned with the release of the nunes memo - a blatantly partisan move that puts president trump s…
what we ve know all along  ma is 1 
since  housegop rushed the process & didn t know what was in their own bill  the house is voting again on the…
csm dewayne blackmon  this is what servant leadership looks like  honored to be at his retirement  thank you for 28…
rt  nwica  w a p40yrs thanks to congressman visclosky and senator randolph
yesterday  i wrote to cia director and secretary of state nominee mike pompeo to publicly commit to using the fundi…
the richest americans get a  33 000 tax break under the gop tax law  the poorest get  40  tax scam bill for the…
f s aren t good  unless they re from the  nra  thanks for the pin   repjohnyarmuth 
joining my colleagues in co-sponsoring legislation calling on  epascottpruitt to resign  his tenure has been inexcu…
2- there s life after congress   speakerryan  and its good 
rt  recode    repbobbyrush  should facebook by default protect the users  data  zuckberberg  every time users decide to share something o…
on world press freedom day  we call on the myanmar govt to immediately & unconditionally release  reuters reporters…
visited  idcc in sorrento valley  where they re developing technology to enhance mobile communications  we discusse…
pleased to hear that  fema has extended transitional shelter assistance for puerto ricans displaced by hurricane…
the real inquiry is being performed by the special counsel  who has secured numerous guilty pleas and criminal char…
when the g o p tax scam explodes the deficit  republicans will call for spending cuts to critical initiatives  e g …
actually  no one is excited about the fraud you re perpetrating on the american people  other than special interest…
aside from talking about the economy   potus used this speech to add fuel to the fire of culture wars while ironica…
congratulations to my friend and colleague  marcveasey for being elected president of the  txstatesociety texas…
all the more reason we need to invest in our infrastructure and make sure everyone has access to safe and reliable…
new offthecuff podcast features highlights from my recent student summit on gun violence prevention at…
sophie s choice  dead children  or deported ones 
 breaking   i m leading 7 ags in announcing intent to sue over  epa failure to enforce a critical methane rule …
 icymi  heroes4hire veterans career fair tomorrow in east hartford 
rt  bearsread  life lessons on civility and respect  repstevestivers  repbeatty  ua_highschool importantdiscussions
thank you to the  newjersey_pca for the distinguished community health advocate award  community health centers are…
just in case there was any doubt that house republicans would back trump up in his attacks on the justice departmen…
 dctag  does not discriminate  thousands of dctag students go to colleges from dc public  charter  and private schoo…
within the rio grande del norte national monument in new mexico are elk  deer  pronghorn antelope  bighorn sheep  b…
on this historically significant day for sikhs  i m wishing our sikh american friends a very happy vaisakhi 
 daca  recipients must submit renewals by today  congress must also do its part & pass the d r e a m act to permanently protect  daca  recipients 
it is shameful that the trump administration has stood by and allowed puerto rico to crumble  this is devastating f…
to commemorate new orleans  300th birthday in 2018  i will tweet a  nola300  trivia question every tuesday until the…
dr  king understood that a life well lived  and all of the noblest virtues – courage  wisdom  grace  love – were ro…
look at this mesmerizing shot of local architecture by adriana from rio grande high school  photography  nm… 
just resign already   epascottpruitt 
as  epascottpruitt testifies before  energycommerce  i join in calling for his resignation  it is unacceptable that…
thanks to all the volunteer tax professionals who are helping to ensure that the people who need it most are gettin…
we re holding mobile office hours tomorrow at the hempstead library in  ny04   come by for help getting covered duri…
thank you for testifying today in front of  housesbcdems
when pres   realdonaldtrump and his foreign policy official publicly disagree on us strategy  it creates confusion…
american children paying a price for their government s actions 
rt  housedemocrats  leader  nancypelosi   repschakowsky  rep   dorismatsui  and  repjohnyarmuth held a press conference today on how the go…
rt  adunnewamc  today   repseanmaloney honored nys assemblyman frank skartados and newburgh mayor judy kennedy on the house floor 
great  houseforeign  hfacdemocrats markup of various legislation  i m pleased to support all the bipartisan measure…
the repeal of california s waiver is a direct threat to our state s environmental leadership  rolling back the…
greatly enjoyed speaking w  shorecresths re  importance of civic engagement  good luck w new school year & go scots 
two weeks ago  i spoke with high school students regarding gun violence at my community meeting in south la  our ch…
russian hackers targeted the voting systems of 21 states in 2016 – a serious national security threat  but…
1/2 -- to continue combating the opioid epidemic  it will require all of us to come together  as a community  we ne…
no child should be forced to learn in a crumbling building  no teacher should have to spend thousands out of their…
this morning i had the chance to visit charles barnum elementary in groton  witnessing firsthand the importance of…
the free market 
rt  visitnh  springtime in new hampshire is extraordinary  get inspired and discover all the fresh air and adventure that awaits you 
rt  hispaniccaucus    speakerryan  now that more than 240 house members want a debate & vote on a  daca  bill  there is no need to stress a…
rt  nlesprincipal  de first lady tracey carney reading to one of our classes  thank you mrs  carney   johncarneyde &  scholastic for the d…
facts in the new  epa ethics memo  which backtracks from a previous memo  shows  epascottpruitt paid far below mark…
with empathy and grace  he counseled the outraged and oppressed to hold hands  march forward  and fortify each othe…
reforming dairy programs was a top priority  so it s great to see new farm bill programs helping  mn07  dairy farmers 
net neutrality means consumers — not big corporations— choose what websites and applications we see online  save the internet
president trump must condemn putin  whose statement echoes stereotypes that have led to discrimination and violence…
supporting the las vegas caribbean american community at their annual taste of the caribbean festival  bring the fa…
congratulations to tywan hollis  jarred fulford  jaylin schreiner & breia barry-white on winning kankakee s inaugu…
the frantic  desperate release of this memo leads us down a dangerous path of political spin and accusations instea…
on mandela day  we remember a man who overcame countless barriers to inspire the world with his strength & compassion  thank you 
more than 9 000 people formerly protected by daca already have lost their status and are now at risk of being depor…
fattah leadership on neuroscience- the brain initiative
rt  momsrising  starting now  excited to join  georgetownccf   ameracadpeds   first_focus   littlelobbyists   speaknowforkids   modhealthta…
travel for  deptofdefense & mil is not a perk  it s mandatory and support nat l security  addressed this in  ndaa17 
rt  oversightdems  breaking   repcummings presses gowdy to stop blocking investigation of white house security clearances 
wishing a very happy mother s day to my mom edna  my wife cathy  and all the moms out there who inspire us as much…
dodd-frank clearly lays out specific rules to fill a vacancy for the director of  cfpb  trump can t just shoehorn…
rt  repjimmygomez  haven t filed your taxes yet  you are not alone  there are 2 days left until the april 17th deadline  here are some tips…
corporate consultants are helping schools dupe the department of education  these tricks costs borrowers and taxpay…
members of  cwaunion stressed the need for robust federal funding and its ability to lift up our nation s economy
rt  threemuckrakers   alangrayson as do i sir  we need another speech like your 2010 floor tirade against the gop health plan    don t get…
rt  housedemocrats  women move our country forward  congratulations to  repmarcykaptur  who today becomes the longest-serving woman in the…
productive meeting with members of our veterans advisory board focused on breaking down obstacles to care and emplo…
i was proud to help revolutionary war veteran matthew davis receive the honor deserves  even if it was 238 years ov…
rt  housedemocrats    repjoekennedy   politicians can be cheered for the promises they make  our country will be judged by the promises we…
i blame congress as much as i blame presidents for this unconstitutional war making tradition  many members of cong…
rt  butternutmf  support pure maplesyrup and let the fda know that new labeling laws would be completely misleading to consumers  not to m…
i visited  rescue__express in eugene today  a terrific group that transports thousands of dogs & cats from high-kil…
today is vietnam war veterans day on this day in 1973  the last combat troops were withdrawn from vietnam and the la…
one of my greatest honors as a member of congress was to present dr  reese with the gold medal at the congressional…
one of the best people i ever had the pleasure to know  clyde bellecourt  is retiring from the board of the legal r…
this is unacceptable in the usa  we should expand  not reduce coverage  it s time for medicare for all   2/2 
we can t allow  realdonaldtrump to steal already-limited resources from our troops to fund a pointless border wall…
trump pardons  scooter  libby in cia leak case  libby leak
rt  repmikecoffman   as congress debates a permanent solution for  daca   it s critical to do so with the most up-to-date information  i tha…
rt  imaginehousing  thank you  redmondreporter for covering the roundtable  repdelbene held about the continued need for more affordableho…
i just published  rana plaza  five years later  
hey everyone--there is a crucial pro-choice action in schaumburg  which has huge strategic importance  this   
we joined jxr constructors  a veteran owned small business  at the va san diego to see their construction site  the…
black history month
without a credible commitment to hold a vote on a solution for dreamers  i cannot support the budget agreement  a…
congress should be creating a tax system that helps the middle class and hard-working families  but instead republi…
congratulations to my friend and colleague  repmarcykaptur  who is now the longest-serving woman in house history …
rt  robjkearns  congressman tim ryan visited with our 6th grade students today  he shared mindfulness techniques that our students can uti…
our vt and dc offices will be open all week from 9 am to 5 pm to answer vermonters  questions about the shutdown an…
i m committed to improving access to health care  strengthening womens health programs  and empowering women to liv…
vote  help pick the community choice winner of my 2018 congressional art competition  featuring work by louisville…
  nwlc reports that women throughout the u s  earn 20% less than men and the numbers only get worse as you look at…
the continued failure of  usps to remedy issues and implement structural fixes in  ny17  is unacceptable …
my amendment was made in order and i ll offer it on the floor of the house this thursday  the titus amendment is co…
fattah moment in congress via  youtube
we re making progress  but many women-owned businesses still don t have equal access to economic opportunity  they …
  repmarcykaptur has been fighting in congress for the working people of ohio and america since she was first sworn…
 rudygiuliani contradicts his client  saying  realdonaldtrump repaid  over several months   130k payment cohen made…
when  potus  looks into the gallery during his speech  i want him to see dustin & the impacts of his broken promises 
calling all artistically-inclined high school students in  ny03  ~ my office is now accepting applications for the…
10-0 win vs japan 10-0 win vs czech rep 8-0 win vs s  korea is this even a fair game   team u s a and our own…
during national police week  i join in thanking the brave men and women who serve in law enforcement for the importa…
it s always a pleasure when  ppmarmonte drops by the office – we re ready to fight for women s health care …
reminder  join us  this week   tamiu and i will be hosting the 2018 stem alliance annual event for educators and st…
icymi  california is leading a coalition of 16 ags and municipalities in calling on  epascottpruitt to be recused f…
i am so pleased that this year s national defense authorization act will include nearly  150 million for the portsm…
new developments in the fight for a free and open internet – senate vote on bill expected next week  i support the…
we owe our teachers a great debt for inspiring and encouraging us to overcome obstacles and pursue excellence  on…
there s only one way to travel in afghanistan with  rosadelauro and that s by connecticut-made  sikorsky uh-60 blac…
 nickcoleman  rest in peace brother  i always admired your wit  your insight  and you willingness to say what you b…
we should be doing more to help families deal with the costs of health care – but trumpcare would have stolen affo…
rt  nowthisnews   we have elected a bigot as president  the question really is what are we going to do about it   — rep  al green isn t hol…
the spending bill that passed the house today included a provision i authored telling the fec to get to work fighti…
rt  thebeatdc  congresswoman nydia m  velázquez   nydiavelazquez  wants to tax big oil and chemical companies to finance the cleanup of haz…
puerto rico tiene que convertirse en un estado para ser un miembro equitativo de la familia estadounidense  lo que es el próximo paso lógico
tune in to  wbur right now to hear congresswoman tsongas live on  radioboston w/  meghnawbur ➡️ 📻  wbur 90 9 fm 💻 
since yesterday s announcement  my family & i ve been truly touched by the tremendous outpouring of support from our community team rep takai
rt  housebudgetdems  trump s  aca  sabotage is threatening access to health care all across the us
rt  verifiedvoting  are voting machines really that easy to hack  we teamed up with  nytimes to stage an election at  umich to show just ho…
rt  repalgreen  friends -- see my statement on senator-elect  gdouglasjones  right side of history
thanks to  swirecc in wilsonville for keeping some cool refreshments stocked during this heatwave 
it s simple  net neutrality is essential to keeping the internet open  free  and innovative  i stand with the milli…
rt  repmarkpocan  today  the senate is voting on whether to save net neutrality  we need to keep fighting to ensure the internet remains fr…
rt  steegvan  actblue — donate to alan grayson 
podcast interview on my bipartisan infrastructure   international tax reform plan w/  bpc_bipartisan
right now  you can still apply to renew your daca  if you meet the requirements to apply for daca renewal  you shou…
 otd  214 years ago   westpoint_usma was founded  thank you for over two centuries of service 
today we again mourn the loss of life due to gun violence at one of our nation s schools  this is the 18th school shooting this year 
yesterday i asked  usda  secretarysonny for answers regarding two issues vital to our san joaquin valley  the milk…
rt  tomcolicchio  she may be the only one there but she has millions of people with her 
rt  theorlandotimes  continuing the conversation  gun violence town hall on may 2nd  get more info below  g u nviolence
my heart is heavy with grief for the families of the 3 lives lost this weekend in the white supremacy protests charlottesville
rt  capac   we will not rest until dreamers are safe and this dangerous and irresponsible 2020 census question is removed    repjudychu re…
my follow-up letter to fema administrator brock long   did fema consult with any scientists or climate experts on t…
 csulbnewshub  presconoley  csulbasigov  terricarbaugh  calstate so great to have you come in today to talk about h…
right now  you can still apply to renew your daca  if you meet the requirements to apply for  daca  renewal  you sho…
four years of not knowing your child s status must feel like an eternity  we are keeping the faith until we…
the president s decision to walk away from iran deal makes it easier for iran to get a bomb & undermines american c…
it s always great to visit  ucmerced & see the progress our students & community are making  yesterday  i met w/…
ar-15s are not a weapon for self-protection  they re designed to kill   speakerryan it s time to stop being beholde…
i ll dive into heartless details  but bottom line  this bill ignores the needs of america s farmers & rips needed f…
is it really a surprise to anyone that the g o p tax scam was designed to enrich wall street at the expense of working…
join us this thursday at 1 30pm at  dukeellingtondc for our womens history month event celebrating african american…
met with representatives from second harvest food bank of santa clara and san mateo counties to discuss the importa…
teachers  apply by 3/1 to attend a free  nehgov summer professional development program  there are sites across the…
preparing to get to the bottom of the equifax breach in full financial services committee hearing now  tune in …
i look forward to continuing to work together to ensure that women and families in ventura county and across the na…
rt  repgregorymeeks   john bolton has a record of advocating for and steering some of the most disastrous and destructive foreign policies…
had the pleasure to meet with  lsctweets president jim sandman & board chair john levi to discuss federal funding f…
republicans on the house intelligence committee protected president trump at the cost of conducting a serious inves…
at its core  a budget is a moral document  and this one fails the american people  trump budget
today i joined my colleagues  repschneider  d-il  and  rephuizenga  r-mi  in urging the appropriations committee to…
   ella  a hardworking caretaker says  there are times when i don t have the money to keep the electricity on  the…
that is why i am cosponsoring the ending maternal mortality act  this legislation would require the department of h…
what if we didn t have to deal with the bs from the nra  their outside  russian money  what if you were empowered …
dr  hawking s disability cost him control of nearly all his muscles  but he persevered to achieve extraordinary thi…
rt  trinityprepfl  today some of our students met with  repstephmurphy at her congressional art exhibit  the winning pieces will be announc…
every member of congress should be speaking up to protect special counsel mueller s investigation  he must be allow…
today i held two town halls focused on senior issues  one in fairfield  and the other in rio vista  we discussed a…
rt  yappelbaum  news   reprokhanna is unveiling a jobs guarantee in the house   this is not a panacea to solve the jobs problem…i would arg…
 gotv  in  ca26  with team brownley vc sup  john zaragoza  oxnard mayor pro tem carmen ramirez  & rep  xavier becerra 
currently  civil rights protections do not explicitly include sexual orientation or gender identity  this lack of e…
a child s future shouldn t be left to chance  every kid deserves a quality  well-equipped school in their neighborh…
my thoughts and prayers are with capitol police  my congressional colleagues  staff members  and all impacted by this morning s shooting 
democrats are fighting for real  bipartisan tax reform that creates jobs and reduces the deficit   speakerryan is s…
delivering remarks today as appropriations committee considers fy18 defense act that allocates funds for our brave…
the thoughtful engagement of students at santa rosa junior college is inspiring and gives us all hope for the futur…
in honor of world migratory bird day   i introduced the albatross and petrel conservation act  to protect vulnerable…
i joined with  roslehtinen  repeliotengel  nitalowey to condemn these attacks on students and anti-semitism in all…
kicking off our student town hall on guns  thanks to our nova young leaders for helping put this important conversa…
this morning  i met with students from berkley who have had  enough  of gun violence and urged congress to take legi…
instead of reducing income inequality  the g o p tax scam widens the gap between the richest 1% and the rest of americ…
congratulations to congregation tifereth israel on the occasion of your 120th anniversary  hundert un tsvantsik ~ w…
thanks to the student government association & multi ethnic enrichment team of  rockhursths for inviting me to spea…
joining  nancypelosi to discuss plans to prepare workers for a 21st century economy  wfsdallas
rt  usrepkcastor  i am proud to lead my colleagues in the house in a resolution that calls for  epascottpruitt s immediate resignation  bo…
the escalation of violence at the border in israel is horrific  for the sake of peace  both sides should find a way…
rt  orlandoscience  thank you  repstephmurphy for signing on to this year s oms letter and supporting orlando science center  thank you for…
after deficit-exploding tax cuts  president trump has doubled down with another cruel budget proposal  no doubt con…
richard hyde dedicated his life to serving the country & city he loved – as an air force officer  teacher & mayor …
including a citizenship question in the 2020 census is unnecessary  unsupported  & a clear attack on communities al…
rt  astros  watch live as the world series champion astros are honored at the white house 
rt  thejudgehatchet  thank you so much  my son and i are truly grateful for you taking the time and committing to be a part of this journey…
veterans signage presentation a doctors hospital at renaissance
with robust  stable funding and passage of an authorization for use of military force  aumf   we can degrade and de…
i ll be touring  portofla w/  repmccaul  benniegthompson &  repbarragan to learn how we can ensure security at…
take action and demand an extension of temporary protected status for haitians  call  dhsgov 866-794-6052 and urge…
my understanding is that this is a first step  and i look forward to interviewing white house counsel mcgahn  cos k…
rt  ac360   this is the swamp on steroids  it gets to the very heart of a campaign promise that the president made before the 2016 election…
educators are undervalued in our country  i was glad to see teachers and families demand change in arizona  we nee…
gop deficit hawk prescription  1  add  1 5 trillion to the national debt with g o p tax scam 2  wrap your party in a f…
looking forward to watching the openingceremony and cheering for the maryland athletes competing at…
an overwhelming majority of americans – regardless of political affiliation – support bipartisan action to…
register today for my tele-town hall on may 22  2018  let s chat  … …
rt  alexpadilla4ca  senate majority leader mcconnell is siding with trump over the bipartisan calls to defend the integrity of our democrac…
rt  peterwelch    thejusticedept should reject the merger of  wearesinclair and  tribunemedia  if it fails to do so  one media conglomerate…
rt  ncuscr  new research on u s china f d i  with 2017 data and analysis  → foreign direct investment   fdi   flows between the united states an…
what questions would you ask zuckerberg  reply and share your views with me 
four years later  the flint water crisis is not over  flint families and children still need our support  rt to say…
 icymi   want to have your artwork viewed in the nation s capital   better yet try the u s  capitol  the congression…
nineteen years after the tragic shooting at columbine high school  we must do more to end gun violence  today  i stan…
i voted no on this trojan horse amendment from  housegop that s designed to steal the dollars you and your family i…
instead of doubling down on last century s energy  we should innovate to make what will power the world for the nex…
i am heartbroken by the passing of my colleague and friend  congresswoman louise slaughter  she had a spirit and an…
35 million americans still lack access to broadband  including over 800k alabamians  the digital divide is worse in…
last year scott pruitt s chief of staff initiated contact with the general services administration to ask about bui…
we also cannot ignore that there is a desperate humanitarian crisis in syria  we need to not only work with our all…
my amendment authorizing funding for atc towers at smaller airports  such as  lewisuniversity airport in…
    and the anne m  lynch homes tenant association president phyllis corbitt for your hard work to maintain and imp…
join me in congratulating this year s winners of the 36th district congressional art competition  check out this sh…
rt  demsespanol  hoy celebramos la rica cultura  historia y contribuciones de la comunidad méxico-americana  ¡feliz cincode mayo 
this week i met with the haynes and villegas family of laredo  tx  my office was able to obtain a wh tour for them…
thank you  delawareng for being prepared to help delawareans if needed during this weather event  snow d e
during the thomas fire & montecito mudslides  as residents evacuated their homes  our brave firefighters ran toward…
thank you naomi wadler for raising the voices of the black and brown women and girls whose deaths don t make the he…
  repjoekennedy thanks for stopping by to celebrate the start of the 115th congress with tevis and me 
rt  laschools  alert  54 la unified schools now closed due to wildfires  get the latest information at
a must-read on our fights in court to protect hardworking families 
couldn t agree more  thank you to all those who participated  and congratulations again to all the winners 
rt  natresources  on this day in 1994  the murderer of medgar evers faced justice over 30 years after killing the civil rights icon  tomor…
in honor of national women s history month we celebrate mother mary alfred moes  the founder of saint mary s hospit…
i join with mexican-americans in celebrating cincode mayo today & paying tribute to the cause of liberty and to the…
suicide is the 10th leading cause of death in the us  touching too many american families  we must increase awareness & resources   nspw16 
rt  jivedurkey  in the letter obtained by  cheddar  rep  gutierrez writes   the announcement of tariffs on the heels of mr  icahn s stock…
textbook example of special interests at work in washington ➡️  gop-led congress puts big banks over consumers 
icymi  earlier this week  i joined my colleague  rep  karen handel  to introduce h r  5440  this bill holds the irs…
     8 8 billion for the environmental protection agency  epa   which rejects president trump s attempt to reduce t…
 3 1m grant from  thenci to  ubuffalo will support  veggie van  model expansion in wny  delivering healthy options…
rt  joshuajosephmd  thanks  repbeatty for your support of increasing  nih funding to  39 3 billion to support research to improve the lives…
excited to host the  fl07  national dayof prayer breakfast on may 3 at 8 45 am in winter springs  with  officialcbc c…
rt  rokhanna  it s a travesty that black men who commit the same crimes as white men receive federal prison sentences that are nearly 20 pe…
rt  housedemocrats    reploisfrankel held a town hall in delray beach with students  teachers  and community leaders on the need to end gun…
rt  keithellison  a mom shouldn t have to beg a ceo for life  medicarefor all   her only chance at life is a new liver  but her insurer sa…
love will always trump hate  tomorrow  the lgbtq community and gun violence prevention advocates will unite to disarmhate
as we pay tribute to different african-americans and their accomplishments  let us also acknowledge the achievement…
rt  housedemwomen   we will continue to fight for the health and dignity of all the detained pregnant women who  out of fear and desperatio…
  abc   senjohnmccain calls on senate to reject cia nominee 
as we commemorated the 50th anniversary of the death of dr  king  it was my honor to be in india- the birthplace of…
rt  senatorcantwell  today i introduced a bipartisan bill with  sentoddyoung  senmarkey  repjohndelaney  reppeteolson to further understand…
rt  gkbutterfield    amazon s board is 100% white and 70% male  a shareholder proposal asked amazon to implement a new plan to ensure a div…
remember  celebrate  act  m l k day
proud to serve as ranking member of house approps agriculture subcommittee  tune in to the hearing w/  oigusda
rt  martinomalley  states that make it tougher to buy combat assault weapons have fewer gun deaths  gun control now facts matter
rt  thedailyshow  michael cohen cons major corporations and trevor interviews  joaquincastrotx  subscribe and listen 
rt  davidcicilline  new   repjerrynadler   repcummings   gerryconnolly  and i are once again requesting the white house s communications wi…
the recent rise in anti-semitism across the globe is alarming  particularly when it s backed by law  that s why we…
i had a great time teaching mr  grande s senior government class at cajon high school as the latest stop on my job…
shore up loopholes in the new tax law that give some corporations greater incentive to outsource american jobs  let…
yesterday  i asked that my colleagues join me in honoring coach lance wigfall of east orange campus high school for…
the white house now defending the press staffer who joked about john mccain dying  neither she nor the white house…
if forcibly separating children from their parents sounds like something vladimir putin would do  that s because it…
thank you to the  boilermakernews for presenting me with the house legislator of the year award  honored to stand s…
rt  wsbtvcommunity  out of work  or maybe you re thinking of making a career move  dozens of georgia s top employers will be looking out fo…
i am ready and willing to work toward bipartisan solutions to end gun violence  that s why today i joined all the…
i introduced the tribal uranium exposure treatment enhancement act  which creates a  10 million grant program for t…
looking at numbers from  amprog leave me thinking that trumpcare = deathcare ☠️☠️☠️  gop and  speakerryan trying to…
congress answers to citizens  not the president  abandoning pursuit of answers to serve a political leader is benea…
so cancel it 
special interests trying to place riders gutting wall street reform  consumer protections  environmental laws  etc …
rt  drdenagrayson  🔥corey lewandowski is testifying today before house intel & finally *lawyered up*‼️ corey s lawyer  peter chavkin  form…
president trump s plan to deploy troops along the rio grande will likely harm our state s border communities and tu…
we also reaffirm our american belief in hope  that even from the deepest of divisions can come trust  reconciliation  and great friendship 
 repryancostello that s why  repryancostello & i want to create incentives to make every state properly report dv r…
rep cicilline s office is open today  call 729-5600 if you need assistance during today s storm 
enormous blackout has once again crippled puerto rico underscoring vital need to rebuild & improve the energy infra…
today one buffalo huddles around  jimkelly1212  kelly tough bills mafia
never again end gun violence
icymi  watch my testimony today before the house rules committee against yucca mountain 
rt  secretaryde  beautiful day to be at  nemours to highlight what s new in  delawaretourism with  johncarneyde
neither raging storms nor roaring fire nor the extinguishing of that long scintillating light can erase the work of…
mn lawmakers have gathered for a 24-hr sit-in protesting legislative inaction to address gun violence  90% of minne…
rt  aarpnj  thank you  frankpallone for meeting with us today to discuss important issues such as protect s n a p and supporting family caregi…
rt  bindrup  regulatory fairness enforcement roundtable  sba  deputy nat ombudsman and congressman ruben kihuen at cooperative extension  un… 
american steel producers and workers just want to compete on a level playing field  and we owe them the opportunity…
rt  reprokhanna  we need debt-free college so that young people don t have to choose between taking on thousands of dollars of debt before…
rt  repswalwell  every day   realdonaldtrump brings us closer and closer to a constitutional crisis  he needs a check  there is no excuse f…
east bay student artists have submitted great work for the 2018 congressional art competition & now i want you to…
thanks  njea for hosting an informative federal panel today  i will keep fighting to get teachers the resources the…
loebsack announces winner of 2018 congressional art contest people s choice award
these longer days are great  after a full schedule of meetings around the brainerd area today  i still had time to…
i want to extend my thanks and appreciation to secretary clinton  this was a long hard fought campaign - i am proud to have stood with her
sessions  attempt to terminate programs that provide legal assistance to migrants in our immigration courts was cru…
the fbi raid of michael cohen s office and home already has trump fuming  true to form  the deflector-in-chief is s…
 usgao listed extreme weather as one of the most pressing financial exposures the federal government faces  why we need the  prepare  act
turns out people don t want to have their social security and medicare cut to pay for a tax scam that delivers 83%…
as a 24-year veteran of the national guard  one of my highest priorities since coming to congress has been to moder…
wishing all of those celebrating a very happy lunar new year 
i look forward to providing the administration with commentary from ohio based firms and workers  the president s w…
rt  lcvoters   this is part of our conservation legacy  and we are not going to let this decision stand   - rephuffman on the fight to kee…
great to see so many friends at this afternoon s westchester celebrates israel 70 event hosted by  wjcouncil …
the dc district court made it clear -  realdonaldtrump s decision to end the  daca  program and cut-off hundreds of…
it was a pleasure to join my hampton roads delegation colleagues at the navy league of hampton roads  2018 congress…
rt  energycommerce  by rescinding the clean power plan   epascottpruitt is putting america s health at risk  watch  congressmanruiz question…
inspired by students like jasmine who continue to find and to use their voices in such creative and moving ways 
be cyber aware of any communications that tell you to act immediately  offers that sound too good to be true  often…
rep  robert smalls served the 5th district of  sc  from 1875 to 1886  black history month  tbt   7/9 
secretary mattis is right  congress has the power—as elected representatives of the people—to declare war  not th…
rt  mayorharrykim  eruption update for 1200 noon on may 5  2018  includes emergency water status  water spigots  helco interruptions  eleva…
we introduced the dream act 240 days ago  dream act now
resolution we approved today authorizes fully-consolidated  fbi hq & will allow the 2 prince george s county sites to shine   fbi2md  2/
rt  charlaneo  getting ready for presser with rep  cooper to sound the alarm on election security in tennessee  we need to take action now …
during this period  women were important and prominent figures  before this legislation was introduced they already…

thank you to the tireless efforts by all law enforcement involved  i pray the healing can begin in the communities…
 realdonaldtrump
rt  ramblersmbb  final  see you saturday  loyola - 69 nevada - 68 onward l u m v c hoops no finish line  lucmbb100 
as we end national nurses week  i m so grateful to the nurses in michigan that keep our families healthy  they are…
americans overwhelmingly stand with d r e a mers & want a path forward for them to stay here in the united states  yet…
this widespread breach of trust is unacceptable  corporations are entrusted to protect our personal privacy and sec…
today  i joined lcc board president mercurio martinez  lcc vice president dr  nora ganza  tamiu professor dr  rohit…
jobs and justice to lift up working familes
 realdonaldtrump who pays for the gun  teachers struggle to pay for things like paper  who pays for the constant tr…
rt  theroot  california cop who was involved in the killing of diante yarber was convicted of a hate crime in 2010  but was somehow allowed…
ct students were left with nowhere to turn last week after the closure of the ridley-lowell business & tech institu…
rt  oversightdems  interview with cambridge analytica  statements today demonstrate why it is so important that our committees prioritize i…
congratulations   senduckworth  on the birth of your daughter - wishing you and your family health and happiness  s…
come join me tonight at 6 30pm in dickson city for a town hall 
thanks to the  bostonward21 democratic committee for hosting me last night  mapoli bospoli
unity is our best antidote against russia or any country who wants to attack our democracy 
gop tax cuts for the wealthy  along with major boosts in military spending  will put social security at risk as the…
new agreement btwn  uofnh s ne passage &  vamanchester will help more nh veterans access recreational therapy →
an evacuation center at the earl warren showgrounds  3400 calle real in santa barbara  is open now for evacuees and…
today  850 000  government employees are staying home  that s money out of their pocket and out of our economy  end the shutdown
bay area members of congress move to protect work permits for h-1b visa holders  spouses via  mercnews
i signed a discharge petition last night to force  housegop to bring hr 3654  the special counsel independence prot…
april s jobs report shows continued strength built on what president obama left to his successor  declining deficit…
solutions only idea 9  keep this conversation going  we need to come together more so we can network  share ideas a…
sen  cochran has worked hard for the state of mississippi  he and his family are in my prayers  and i wish him well 
i m glad the house passed these much-needed reforms  the senate must quickly pass each bill  and the president need…
tune in  praisephilly now to hear me speak out about president trump and his administration 
to the women of  ma09   to my wife tevis & daughter kristen  to the women on my team  i support you and stand with y…
for me  no visit to ewa beach is complete without a wun tun min and a side inari sushi from shiro s
rt  susanthesquark  that means ending forced arbitration  it means no more non-disparagement agreements  it means no more legal loopholes f…
rt  sensanders  today at 2 30 et  join a discussion on criminal justice reform live from philadelphia at
rt  homelanddems  homeland security committee ranking member  benniegthompson  trump  shithole  comments show racial bias in immigration a…
we have a humanitarian crisis and seattle—with its tremendous economic growth—is in a position to solve this togeth…
rt  usprogressives  president trump s reckless decisions do not reflect the will of the vast majority of americans  the congressional progr…
thanks  residents voted overwhelmingly for dc statehood 
thanks to janine burke-wells  raymond willis and stephen solito for coming by to talk about ways to improve infrast…
today i joined  repespaillat at the  thirdavenuebid for a tax & eitc day  the tax payer advocate from city  state …
happy aloha friday have a safe and fun weekend 
six decades ago linda brown took a courageous stand  her legacy is that past  present  and future generations of am…
it was a pleasure attending  senatortimscott & chairman  repmarkwalker s 2nd annual h b c u fly in  nearly 70  hbcu  pre…
retweet to spread the word  the  usdard​ launched an online tool to strengthen the  usda s ongoing efforts to addr…
and almost all of them are depicted in the famous painting  declaration of independence  by john trumbull  which ha…
rt  bluecollardems  republicans claim their g o p tax scam benefits workers  but the results are in  the extra cash is lining the pockets of s…
thanks to all the desert residents who attended this weekend s community hearing on the drecp  the public support f…
rt  nulpolicy  for people in the black community it is crucial to understand that approximately 15% of the undocumented community in the un…
 sendougjones and i getting ready to kick the congressional civil rights pilgrimage with  faithnpolitics it s going…
i am proud and fortunate to be part of a legacy of more than 50 years of fighting for civil rights and making our c…
rt  transportdems  rm  reppeterdefazio & aviation rm  repricklarsen to congress 
professor ben barres made countless contributions in the field of neurobiology and was a champion of women in acade…
rt  repteddeutch  january 2018  trump would  love  to face mueller questions under oath   realdonaldtrump the american people would also…
feel shortchanged on russian sanctions  yeah  so do i  time for the trump administration to follow through with the…
it s always great to hear when a former team dutch intern is doing well    corbettwebb is no exception  corbett is…
rt  repcohen  i was honored to join martin luther king iii  officialmlk3   repbarbaralee & pam horowitz in memphis as we honor m l k jr and…
we depend on courts to protect our civil rights  but us court of appeals nominee  kyle duncan  has a nasty record w…
click here to watch my interview with  wolfblitzer on  cnn today 
last week the trump admin announced their plan to dismantle a decades-old ban on oil & gas drilling on shorelines a…
we need thoughtful discussion and dialogue when it comes to trade - not policy by tweet  radioboston  wbur
find a disposal location here 
from wa-10 to fl-10  happy birthday to my colleague   repvaldemings  she s accomplished so much in her life & caree…
rt  12news  support local arizona shops for small business month
i intro d a resolution w   repmarkpocan   repzoelofgren &  eleanornorton to designate may 3rd as a national day of…
lulu white advocated for african american civil rights and struggled against jim crow in texas  as a member of the…
happy new year to mississippi and the rest of the country  i m looking forward to another year serving mississippi …
🔵 put big money ahead of the public interest /5
today marks 100 days since permanent funding for the children s health insurance program expired  i m cosponsoring…
i m truly honored to have been named to  essence s woke100  i ve spent my life fighting for justice and equality a…
sba s nationwide network of women s business centers can help women entrepreneurs across the country start and grow…
rt  brianschatz  hey  net neutrality vote tomorrow in the senate  please make a call 
the  fcc just announced net neutrality rules will expire on june 10th  i ve co-sponsored  usrepmikedoyle s legislat…
historic day in springfield as the  usarmy transfers the  sparnhs museum to the  natlparkservice ensuring the impo…
 potus shows that he fails to comprehend the danger posed by white nationalist domestic terrorism  nazis aren t good people 
  househomeland  repmccaul    ensure that yarrington is extradited to the united states and that the federal crimin…
i strongly disagree with this decision  we must preserve our planet by keeping our environment -- especially our wa…
rt  kylegriffin1  rep  al green presents articles of impeachment against trump   he has harmed the society of the united states  brought sh…
these indictments corroborate what our intelligence agencies have been saying for some time  that russia attempted…
the brave women who revealed this abusive behavior are to be commended for speaking out  they refused to stay silen…
but here s where the g o p tax scam hits working families the hardest  healthcare  under the new law  13 million ameri…
going live with  brikeilarcnn at about 1025a ct to discuss the disastrous impact of the trump trade war on illinois…
great to see louisville recognized as one of the top 3 mid-size cities for  energystar certified buildings in 2017 …
join me this saturday for another  cup of joe with josh  town hall in fair lawn at the land & sea restaurant 
rt  uhmanoa  happy aloha friday 
that s why i cosponsored a ban on future sales of assault weapons and signed a discharge petition to force a vote o…
rt  davidbaily  this sunday  join  repespaillat  repcohen  johnbonifaz as they continue their call to impeach president trump articles of im…
my conversation with  tothecontrary about the enough is enough summit is on now  me too timesup we wont stop
  repderekkilmer & i introduced a bill to modernize work study and help more low-income students afford college and…
it was wonderful to visit with harry camp  107  in north oaks today  harry is a former civil servant who dedicated…
convened a meeting to discuss homelessness in the sepulveda basin  which is federal property  thank you  lapdhq  …
rt  nancypelosi  take a lesson from history   mickmulvaneyomb  soviet-style ideas like this aren t good for consumers  farmers  or local ec…
day 3 of 4 and these brave students are still marching strong with their wisconsin flag held high 🙌🏾 tomorrow  the…
honored to stand with  repmarcykaptur making herstory this week as she breaks the record for longest-serving woman…
trump attack on mika was unacceptable  also unacceptable  nearly doubling healthcare premiums for all americans   1/3 
don t forget that petition season has begun  sign up for this weekend s day of action or stop by to pick up   
read my statement on  housejudiciary passage of hr5682  the first step act 
at 6 00pm i ll be on  thebeatwithari discussing today s historic march for our lives in the nation s capital and acro…
rt  bbog_nigeria  post-4th-year commemoration address of the bring back our girls movement 19 april 2018 day 1 466 since the abuduction an…
read and listen to my full remarks at the congressional forum this week on challenges deported u s  veterans face …
great article  juliasbergman on the  coastguardnews  multinational approach to security and defense challenges of…
  epascottpruitt has consistently looked to enrich himself while at the epa  rather than doing his job and protecti…
there are so many reasons why we need to save the daca program from donald trump s deadline  and protect these youn…
rt  kenvogel  there has never been an ncaa men s basketball champion & a super bowl champion from the same city in the same year     until…
was feeling pretty smug about the full parking lot this morning at stamford jcc for my breakfast til i realized i…
 potus  campaigned on protecting hardworking & middle-class americans but his actual proposal flies in the face of t…
this week is world immunization week  over 400 million children are vaccinated each year to end polio  and we are…
today  we celebrated hestec student leadership day where middle school and high school students learned about   
barbara bush was a shining example of the tremendous good former first ladies can accomplish  her commitment to our…
clueless in jerusalem
it s time for congress to fully fund  chip   the children of louisiana and across the country cannot afford to lose…
after exploding the annual deficits by nearly  2 trillion with giveaways to big corporations & billionaires …
the opioid crisis is the defining public health issue of this generation  the longer congress and the administratio…
i m honored to stand with courageous students in new jersey and across the country  their generation is showing us…
today is the last day to make your voice heard on the trump administration s plan to allow oil drilling off the cen…
talking with state rep  david brock smith at brookings emergency operations center 
mark my words  republicans will try to use today s cbo report as an excuse to gut social security and medicare  but…
frances grice dedicated her life to the fight for civil rights in the inland empire and around the country  her voi…
i am devastated to hear about the loss of  louiseslaughter  she was an inspiring force for change  full of strength…
saudi arabia declared it will seek nuclear weapons if iran restarts its program- the exact arms race the jcpoa prev…
rt  zachcarstensen  last night i participated in an immigration 101 forum at st  joseph s parish in capitol hill  i was part of an esteeme…
the infrastructure crisis in america demands real solutions  but trump s  plan  doesn t cut it  rather than adding…
rt  ellen6019   jacksonleetx18  saksfifthavenue  lordandtaylor oh  my  gosh  is this a real tweet 
repopulation plan for redwood valley  willits & lake county 
are you a high school student interested in science  technology  engineering or math  we re accepting applications…
my town hall in polk county originally scheduled for tomorrow  monday the 22nd  has been rescheduled  please see th…
good news for pa  department of homeland security has agreed to extend acceptance of pennsylvania driver s licenses until oct  10  2017 
it s heartbreaking to see puerto ricans — who are american-born citizens — continue to face such hardship…
rt  votenewdems  new democrat coalition chair jim himes on  conorlambpa victory   conor lamb s victory in this ruby-red congressional distr…
it was an honor to visit the local vfw yesterday evening to talk with veterans about the issues they see in the com…
rt  reploisfrankel  happening now  the bipartisan women s caucus hosts a hearing on sexual harassment in the workplace  from silicon valley…
rt  jim_brunner  a pacific nw power family  susheela jayapal  sister of  repjayapal  has been elected as a multnomah county commissioner ht…
time is running out as we fight to mitigate the harmful impacts of climatechange  such as the deteriorating great…
this is exactly right  the koch brothers are using president trump as a pawn to achieve their long-standing goal of…
rt  nothingbutnets  thank you  repraskin  your support and u s  leadership is vital to ending malaria  world malaria day
thank you to woodside s satya narayan mandir temple for having me at today s langar  it was an honor to celebrate w…
rt  evillpunki    repmikehonda  not every parent is lucky enough to have a child who is transgender   out power16  victoryinst
best thing to happen in washington in years  congratulations   mooks_22  go cards
please read the editorial in  newsday today re  navy/grumman plume -  rep  thomas suozzi wants the navy to buy the…
i voted no because vladimir putin interfered in our country s presidential election  and this bill does nothing to…
today  i met with representatives from  fvsu s college of agriculture  family sciences  and technology to discuss t…
i look forward to joining  erinburnett on  outfrontcnn tonight in the 7 pm et/4 pm pt hour to discuss the president…
join me live as i am recognized as a bipartisan leader by  bpc_bipartisan
a fine spring day to write 
rt  repmaxinewaters  a message to mueller  stay strong and stand tall  continue to investigate them all  you are indeed answering the peopl…
some of the fight for gender equality is public - me too and time s up  but some of it is invisible - these militar…
rt  brettblumekmox    lacyclaymo1 tweets that prep work for nga west site in n  st  louis is ahead of schedule 
great question from my friend  herbjwesson  join the conversation with c b c demands justice 
it was great to join our men and women in uniform at dover air force base for today s milcon breakfast and state of…
it was a pleasure visiting the siemens facility in walpole yesterday and seeing all the progress they ve made with…
rt  nydiavelazquez  i was privileged to join with my colleagues  repjoseserrano &  repgutierrez to work on this memorial saluting the great…
rt  repjohnlarson  this week we recognize peace corps week  president kennedy had the foresight to establish a program that went beyond nati…
it was great to be in altamonte springs on thursday for my  coffee with your congresswoman  event  thank you to all…
rt  lcvoters  thanks  congressmanruiz for calling out polluting pruitt for rescinding the clean power plan  which uses science to protect t…
rt  eriecodep  buffalo river getting cleaner and safer  forum declares
republicans aren t even willing to hear the truth about prescription drug costs  let alone do anything substantial…
joining  agriculturede   delawareforests   yourdnrec  and legislators at the annual arbor day ceremony this morning…
trans troops are currently ready to make the ultimate sacrifice in order to protect our country  they deserve respect and honor 
i will continue to work to ensure we do everything possible under our trade laws to support american steelworkers 
perfect start to the day helping out with omelets at this year s clear lake state park wildflower brunch  thanks fo…
ramadan mubarak to all arizonans celebrating this month 
i am very concerned about the possible negative consequences this legislation will have on the citizens of nwi 
we must do more to turn the tide against the opioids epidemic and give americans the tools to overcome addiction an…
rt  housebudgetdems  the trump administration has rolled back improvements made under the clean air and clean water acts  putting public he…
the timeis now for global gender equality  around the globe  u s  investments in women s empowerment strengthen cou…
added  brandicarlile s  the joke  to my womens history month playlist on  spotify  listen here for some…
was impressed and inspired by the many members of the public who spoke at our labor-hhs-education appropriations he…
today  we mark half a century since the signing of the fair housing act  which ended legal segregation in housing a…
69 years ago today  the u s  & its allies formed nato – an alliance that keeps us safe to this day  as the vice ran…
good riddance   potus phony voter fraud commission was nothing more than a smoke and mirrors attempt to suppress the minority vote
i look forward to hearing from mr  zuckerberg next week when he shares more about  facebook s personal data use and…
i m very sad to hear of the passing of my dear friend  louiseslaughter  she was one tough cookie and a true leader…
at a time when the us is exiting global climate agreements  shrinking public lands  & confirming climate change den…
during national park week  i thank over 100 organizations calling on the trump administration to keep it public & pre…
grateful to be part of the excellent discussion about kc riots in 1968--such a significant moment in our city s his…
democrats should stop agonizing over a national message for 2018  democrats thehill message nationalmessage
joined nj non-profit leaders in new brunswick to discuss the detrimental impact of the g o p tax scam …
rep  cicilline led house democrats in demanding congress act to lower prescription drug prices  you can watch his f…
 appropsdems  interior  secretaryzinke  realdonaldtrump   realdonaldtrump s reckless budget exploits our natural re…
i ve had the honor of knowing pranoy & his family for the last two years  and i was glad to see them in my office t…
students in active & sequential arts ed  have higher levels of achievement  engagement w/school  & community participation  turnaround arts
willya look at that turnout  joined my colleagues standing in solidarity of the me too movement  times up  sotu 
getting ready to speak at power4 puerto rico rally in front of  fema hq   wepa   6 months after maria puerto rico is…
i am proud to say that today  a federal judge dismissed this outrageous case  the flag will continue to fly  and i…
these students have so many resistance priorities – women s rights  governmental integrity  disability services  r…
if federal employees are not paid  i won t be paid  if troops are not paid  i won t be paid  donating my pay during…
thanks to all who came today  it was great hearing from students & members of the community  i spoke about my actio…
truly uplifting - i m incredibly proud of houston s michaelbrown for his hard work & accomplishments - he s been a…
on the air now with the  think100  hiphopcaucus talking about the fight for environmental justice  tune in now …
 bhm  spotlight  sheryl swoopes is an american basketball star and three-time olympic gold medalist  she s also the…
welcome news  500 new jobs in renewable energy as  firstsolar expands in northwest ohio  we remain focused on keepi…
i had a chance to sit down with the fraternal government relations coalition to discuss the importance of students…
instead of a militaryparade  we should be using that money to raise military servicemembers  pay  create jobs for…
the arts = millions of jobs and billions for our economy  including pinellas  a world-renowned arts destination in…
  potus and his lack of empathy is abhorrent and sets a dangerous precedent with his disregard of constitutional…
today we re going on the offensive to protect dc s local laws during the appropriations process  a strong  united…
tomorrow i begin my retirement from public service  it has been a tremendous honor to serve as your congressman  th…
anti-competitive employment practices hurt workers and stifle competition  that s why my colleagues and i are unvei…
on yom hashoah  we remember the millions who lost their lives in the holocaust  we will never forget them  and we w…
eight years ago  america suffered the largest oil spill in our history  today the president and his administration…
i m joining  cnnnewsroom around 10 00 a m  be sure to tune in 
 bhm  spotlight  barbara charline jordan was an african american lawyer  educator and politician who was a leader in…
apparently  it s  trump first  not  america first   flood the swamp
rt  repkclark    housegop s claim that the g o p farm bill doesn t cut  snap  is a bald-faced lie  it cuts a staggering  9 2 billion in benefit…
   economic distress -- can come together to provide critical aid to those most in need  
there is a reason  stevenmnuchin1 didn t produce a report on the g o p tax scam  b/c he is too afraid that the results…
 we re children  you guys are the adults  you need to take some action and play a role   -  davidhogg111  marjory s…
rt  yoginucs  65 members of the house  led by  reppaultonko &  repebj  are asking  epa to extend the comment period for the recently propos…
we ve had tragedy after tragedy and many of us who are strong advocates for gun control have become discouraged  to…
rt  nwi  visclosky presses for navy steel to be built in burns harbor 
rt  positivelybrie  faith leaders join  repmceachin &  revdrbarber to urge congress to vote  no  on farm bill  they say snap cuts are si…
video  my remarks on the protecting veterans credit act during financial services committee markup 
today i joined  reprichardneal and  repdannydavis in leading a call for a funding boost for  socialsecurity to redu…
rt  fairvote   we need to continue to try new things so that democracy can continue to improve  ranked choice voting fair rep act - repjimcoo…
the pennsylvania courts have spoken loud and clear  no more partisan gerrymandering  we ve got to keep fighting un…
rt  lauriemacph  town hall meeting with  gerryconnolly at the request of and for high school students to discuss gun reform now never again…
house democrats are focused on good-paying jobs  protecting your healthcare and saving social security/medicare/pen…
the situation at the gaza border is deeply troubling  israel has every right to defend itself  but must respect hum…
talking infrastructure financing and how we can find bipartisan common ground with the  infraweek podcast
rt  ywcausa   parents seeking protection for their family should never have to fear that the price for lawfully seeking asylum is to be tor…
solutions only idea 5  ensure that training is gender responsive since both young women and young men are affected…
icymi  my op-ed yesterday in  thehill about air pollution and its impact on our district and communities of color …
america is stronger and prosperous when we have decent  affordable homes & stable communities  our homes our voices
my earth day climate change conversation with the  sierraclub s liz perera is still going over on facebook  join us…
happy labor day to all and a special thanks to the union men and women who give so much to our great nation 
celebrate hispanic heritage month & learn how latinos contribute to our economy  jecdems  hispaniccaucus
and as a  yes  on the bill  s t o p school violence act
thanks to democrats  the funding agreement reached by congress makes bold investments in our veterans  the nih  & t…
april 14 will mark 1460 days since boko haram abducted 276 schoolgirls  112 are still missing   bbog   michelleobama…
four years after the start of the flint water crisis  families are still using filters & bottled water  our fellow…
just voted against the taxbill  this bill will increase taxes on millions of americans  add  2 trillion in debt an…
not fake news  the obama admin issued a veto threat when a previous version of  hr469  was considered in the 114th congress  vote n o
we cannot continue to fund the government a few weeks at a time  we need a long-term funding bill that includes res…
rt  learothawms  today marks the anniversary of one of the most important days in nashville history  loobybombing northnashville
 aynrandpaulryan  pattymurray  senatorcantwell  davidhogg111  nra we can enact commonsense gun measures that meanin…
check out this week s action steps 
ty  cdpearson for highlighting this tragic reality   estimates suggest that 1 in 7 new moms struggle with postpartu…
it s shameful to not prosecute those who shot & killed alton sterling - his family sees pain in the shadow of his d…
when it comes to corporations  shareholders are seeing a windfall  with jp morgan predicting stock buy-backs will r…
met with consul general diego gomez pickering from  consulmexnuy to discuss topics regarding both our countries…
rt  teampelosi  over  400 billion in corporate share buybacks have been reported thus far  meanwhile  workers are getting laid off — oh  a…
rt  saferoadsnow  thank you  congressmanraja for your leadership toward working to reduce distracted driving  a known killer on our roads a…
 collegeaccess  [the simple fafsa act]  will move the needle on today s fafsa completion rate of only 61 percent am…
instead of strengthening trade assistance programs  the g o p farm bill simply ignores america s small farms that are…
it s 2018  equal pay for equal work needs to be more than a goal -- it should be reality  this equal pay day  it s…
essay contest alert  as an african-american high school student  is it more important to choose the path of college…
proud to join  reppaultonko  repebj and 60  of our colleagues calling for a 90-day comment period on epa s proposed…
rt  yarbro  if step 1 of your 10-point plan to fight opioid epidemic isn t medicaid expansion  you need an 11-point plan 
former ncpd ofc  james quinn passed on monday after a long battle with 9/11-related illnesses developed through his…
 jakesherman oh  i know  just think it s a pyrrhic victory for republicans given the actual impact on people s live…
rep  cicilline is working to make the tax code fairer for middle class families by introducing the buffett rule to…
rt  theview  this morning on  theview  the fabulous  tamarbraxtonher guest co-hosts   greysabc star  ijessewilliams stops by  and  repjoeke…
rt  cbcpac  we offer our prayers & support to  senjohnmccain & his family in wake of this tragic news  we can all agree that he is a true a…
  epascottpruitt should step down or be fired  he s crossed too many ethical lines  from reckless spending to cozy…
we must pass the dream act before congress goes home for the holidays  keep making your voices heard and join me in…
the oversight and investigations subcommittee  where i serve as ranking member  is questioning opioid pill distrib…
thanks for having me 
watch live   housedemocrats at our weekly press conference  👇
in a political environment that is often all too polarized  democrats and republicans can find common ground on our…
rt  orlandojcrc  happy 70th birthday  israel  the state of israel serves as a reminder of what can be accomplished when people work togeth…
yesterday s school safety proposals from the trump administration  to arm teachers and harden schools  are both ina…
polluting pruitt is the subject of at least seven different independent federal investigations  i m supporting a re…
happy birthday   repspeier  you are a true champion for women and girls across the country 
they bear full responsibility for the consequences of their actions  5/5  read my full stmt on cost-sharing pmts 
40 000 people still without regular power 870 000 people without power last week when 2 lines go down now  all 3…
  reprobinkelly   we need to look at the communities that are middle income and help them maintain and grow  …
rt  repmarkpocan  i m sporting this  f  pin to signify the grade that the  nra gave me on my gun record in congress  while they think the  …
 keithellison  we won t give up until we bring back our girls  4 years too long
happy national small business week  there is nothing  small  about the impact of small biz on the american economy  t…
rt  senwarren  the senate is on the verge of voting to make it easier for auto lenders to discriminate  here s why i m voting against the g…
and trump is their pitchman  the companies that sell the weapons get richer  more people will die 
it takes tremendous courage to live one s truth  let us reaffirm our commitment to supporting and empowering the…
a peaceful learning environment is vital to our children s ability to succeed but n y c s noisy public transit syste…
the omnibus bill includes the first reauthorization of the fcc in 28 years and will hopefully help improve our comm…
proud to stand w/the veterans who served on the uss duxbury bay as duxbury marks 50th anniversary of decommissioni…
mr  president  the special counsel s team has either indicted or gotten guilty pleas from 19 people and three compa…
 carsonchambers  abcactionnews
i voted no on the republican s 4-wk government funding bill bc it s irresponsible to go home w/o reauthorizing the…
  realdonaldtrump has stocked his admin with wealthy and well-connected insiders   potus promised to break d c  s  …
new report shows that sea level rise is accelerating  i introduced the build resilience act with senators  timkaine…
i m joining  wolfblitzer on  cnnnewsroom in a few moments to discuss  zte   the emoluments clause  and more 
at today s women s caucus hearing on combating sexual harassment  we are hearing directly from working women  i hav…
when the  gop votes 68 times to repeal the aca but won t put one vote on the floor for common sense gun legislation…
during sunshineweek  it s clear conflicts of interest are everywhere in this white house  5 trump org projects und…
rt  appropsdems  welcome to new dem members of appropriations cmte   repcartwright  repgracemeng  repmarkpocan  repkclark  reppeteaguilar
rt  alyjusticee  thank you for being so open to our ideas and always listening to us  always a pleasure meeting with you and your team  htt…
happy birthday  michelleobama what a pleasure it was to have a first lady with your intelligence  dignity  and cla…
rt  vt_dylan  thrilled to host  peterwelch as we tour essexvt businesses and meet with residents  thanks to all who have come out to talk…
rt  waysmeanscmte  nearly six months since its signing  the republican tax law has spurred layoffs  higher health care costs  ballooning de…
what s a good way to prepare others for the 21st century economy  teaching coding & gis mapping  thanks for showi…
rt  hispaniccaucus  on this day  we celebrate the contributions and work of césar chávez  a patriot who spent his life shining a light on t…
for the record  it has always been trump who killed  daca  and has opposed any bipartisan compromises  here s a conv…
rt  johnhendel  several congressional democrats seemed skeptical of the white house infrastructure package  in today s morning tech   repan…
rt  scicmtedems  this hearing is about to start  watch it live here →→
the trump administration is rolling back industry safety rules that were put in place after the deepwater disaster …
girls crush annual westchester science fair despite concerns they don t gravitate to stem  lohud
dangerous white house incompetence  this week they attacked the iran nuclear  falsely claiming that iran  has  a  r…
i was honored to meet with students from marjory stoneman douglas high school today  they turned a tragedy into a mo…
 we need to equip americans of all ages with the tools and know-how to build a brighter financial future for themse…
a free & independent press remains a fundamental pillar of our democracy  excited to be at  depaulu today to hear…
if you want to do more than like the cute photos of brad pitt the pitbull  toby the chihuahua or patch the puppy…
   a la vez que establece una junta de supervisión independiente y temporera para asegurar un plan fiscal viable a largo plazo   
whether it s  stevenmnuchin1 using a military plane for personal use   secretaryzinke spending  139 000 on a door r…
now  committee republicans have conveniently told the press they are investigating you for some your outrageous eth…
trump admin s cruel decision to end csrs means skyrocketing premiums and fewer options as insurers leave the marketplace 
there is no national study estimating the number of families in the united states without a connection to proper wa…
around that same time it came out that taxpayers had also paid more than  105 000 for pruitt s unusually large secu…
 realdonaldtrump instead of silence as  realdonaldtrump works to obstruct justice   housegop must pass legislation…
rt  clarecady   i believe that hunger is a political condition   -  repmcgovern voicesofhunger
the government funding bill which passed last month included a 14% increase in funding for hbcus   for schools in m…
california has been fighting tirelessly to ensure that our children can breathe clean air and drink clean water  we…
rt  time    barackobama   by bearing witness to carnage  by asking tough questions and demanding real answers  the parkland students are sh…
rt  senwarren  for a long time  washington has worked for people who can write big campaign checks & hire armies of lobbyists  but the trum…
honored to meet one-on-one with us ambassador to vietnam daniel kritenbrink this morning  a great discussion about…
rt  officialcbc    repdonaldpayne c b c demands justice
looking forward to seeing everyone tonight at  bnuppereast  i will be joined by  nelsondemille and will be discussi…
great news for  swfairport  increased traffic will stimulate economic growth in the hudson valley and create jobs …
today  potus will decide if he s pulling the us out of the iran deal & ahead of this announcement  i m urging him t…
the stop enabling sex traffickers act will provide a pathway for justice for thousands of humantrafficking survivo…
rt  njjbatweets  thank you  repjoshg for your hard work assisting nj s bussinesses and industries 
rt  hispaniccaucus  analysis | the richest americans get a  33 000 tax break under the gop tax law  the poorest get  40 
rt  neiltyson  his passing has left an intellectual vacuum in his wake  but it s not empty  think of it as a kind of vacuum energy permeati…
rt  everyonein_la  we agree with  supjanicehahn   homelessness is not a 9-5 problem   today  we heard from the l a  county board of supervi…
tax cuts don t pay for themselves  so how do republicans want to pay for the g o p tax scam  by cutting crucial benefi…
we must take better care of our student athletes when they are off the court  that s why i am leading a bipartisan…
rt  repdonbeyer  my friend  repscottpeters asks pruitt a series of questions about pruitt s friend albert kelly  who pruitt put in charge o…
congratulations to puyallup s own jessica duggan for creating some sweet treats 
 centralkitsap thanks for hosting me  and thanks also to your students for their thoughtful comments and opinions …
 610 million increase in funding for head start programs  300 million increase in title 1 grants that will go towa…
rt  reptedlieu  the trump administration s recent dismantling of civil rights protections for  lgbtq  students is horrible & alarming  prou…
  energy s community college internship program is seeking students who would like to enter technical careers rele…
rt  wcvb  rep  lynch shares his concerns about north korea  on the record
casi no hay probabilidad de que esta disposición afecte a algún empleado en pr  ya q el gob local retiene la habilidad de prevenir su uso 
this week i had pleasure of meeting w/ reps from villanova preparatory school in ojai to discuss their work prepari…
honored to present magnus from cambria with the bronze congressional award medal  magnus earned the award  given to…
with all of the issues facing congress and our country  it is important that people make their voices heard  please…
leaders on both sides of the aisle must show the political courage necessary to improve our nation s gun laws to ke…
join me and experts for a townhall on my legislation to expand social security  see you aug 17  9am at the fremont library  aclib soc sec81
  potus is enacting trumpcare on his own  premiums ↑  uninsured ↑  preexisting condition protections ↓  americans…
thanks for visiting and for all you do for your fellow uc students 
a top-ranking trump healthcare official today said  of gop sabotage of the affordable care act  that the  impact wi…
congratulations to the el paso museum of art   epmatweets  on winning  us_imls s 2018 national medal for museum and…
wishing everyone in illinois and across the world a very happy hanukkah 
 realdonaldtrump administration buries study showing that its proposal to repeal an obama-era worker protection reg…
 repcartwright holding a press conf w/  johnhquigley  state sen  blake and wb mayor george concerning lead poisoning
we are so lucky to have channel islands national park right in our backyard  check out this rare look into the nest…
students across the country are honoring the victims of the columbine massacre by walking out of school today to de…
great to have  micuatweets in the office today to discuss student aid and higher education in our state 
sometimes we don t know how important it can be to share these stories 
scott pruitt is unfit to lead the epa  it s time to boot pruitt 
rt  jamiequalk   if you generate nuclearwaste  you should keep it in your own backyard  don t be sending it to our backyard   said  repkih…
i m excited to announce that i m accepting nominations for the congressional woman of the year award  recognizing t…
thank you  concord_hrc for building a new shelter in our state capital so that 40 more people will have a safe  war…
rt  oversightdems  breaking  whistleblower provides key info about flynn text to business colleague during trump inauguration about their…
rt  nancypelosi  when will this end  congress has a duty to act  never again end gun violence
intentionally harming american people for political gain is shameful  7m people depend on these subsidies to afford…
things that make you go hmmm  
we are live on facebook for our downtown seattle town hall - our *16th* town hall  watch now …
rt  officialcbc  stephon clark michael brown rekia boyd sandra bland sean bell philando castile tamir rice freddie gray walter scott teren…
60% of americans oppose making president trump s misguided dream of a border wall a reality  congress must stand st…
last night s military response sent a clear message to the assad regime and their russian and iranian backers that…
tonight a philly team goes for its 2nd championship in 2 months  go nova national championship
rt  repyvetteclarke  i am proud to join with  reppaultonko and over 150 other democrats in congress to cosponsor the scientific integrity a…
rt  eriecanalharbor  this morning our board approved a partnership with  albrightknox to bring  robertindiana s numbers one through zero to…
rt  cnn   it concerns me that this president doesn t seem to think that he should follow the rule of law  you know  his family is not exemp…
rt  transportdems  rm  reppeterdefazio on the department of transportation s decision to grant norwegian air u k s u s  foreign air carrier…
on the other side today  but love to see a true fan 
 tbt  to  repjohnlewis and  housedemocrats sit-in to end gun violence  today i m proud of students in oregon and acro…
dan rather fb today on mlk 4/4/67  beyond vietnam  sermon  said king   i figure i was politically unwise but morall…
on the anniversary of the tragic shooting at columbine high school  i thank the students who are showing leadershi…
like so many parents  my heart is breaking for everyone who was impacted by last week s tragic high school shooting…
last weekend  my 17 year old son and i joined the young people in san luis obispo calling for an end to gun violenc…
when the  nra is handing out grades and picking teacher s pets  i m proud to stand against them and be at the botto…
appointment of special counsel to oversee russia/trump is right decision but we still need independent commission 
a mandatory evacuation order is in effect and residents are advised to leave by noon today  check if you are at ris…
honored to meet w/some of our local heroes at my dc office  joe cognitore  mike burke and richie tibbets are all fr…
you can learn more about the work i m doing to combat the opioid crisis in the black community on  naturbanleague s…
supreme court won t hear trump bid to end daca program  cnnpolitics
 potus i do agree with  potus on one thing he said today  domesticviolence does destroy lives  literally  3 americ…
rt  rtiron  a civil war that gets so little attention from u s  public  in congress it has become about the proxy war between iran and saud…
those of us who care about our  daca  recipients will keep fighting to protect them  no matter how much this preside…
we are now accepting submissions for the 2018 congressional art competition  san diego high school students can ent…
what i learned about gun violence from students — and what president trump didn t  lowey enough is enough
the truth is out there  former  realdonaldtrump hhs secretary price acknowledged that the g o p tax scam will increase…
rt  fyiscipolicy    replipinski  there is a culture problem with those who are higher up being abusive   it s a terrible problem   b/c of h…
on behalf of myself and the 5th district  i want to give a huge thank you to my spring interns angela  baylee  and…
my statement on house republicans  plot to extinguish seniors  retirement security 
spoke about america s diversity at new citizen allegiance ceremony in woodbridge 
these are the choices we warned about  a  1 3 trillion corporate tax cut is  affordable   but  3 4 billion to suppo…
reports from  usgao and  epa inspector general point to inexcusable ethical lapses in the agency under…
every year states waste hundreds of thousands of dollars drug testing applicants for  tanf  & every year the vast ma…
who s the  fakenews  now mr  president 
proud to be a strong champion of wildlife  habitat  and the environment  earning a 100% score from defenders of…
today s  paspa   scotus  decision opens the door for sports betting nationwide  i stand ready to help nevada s gold s…
today i joined  dorismatsui in introducing legislation that preserves commonsense fuel economy & auto ghg emissions…
rt  usrepmikedoyle  now that the fcc has voted to kill net neutrality  putting the internet as we know it at risk  i will be introducing le…
rt  thechildrensinn   i think that the children s inn emphasizes bringing humanity  family  research  and cures together  research is impor…
in tx  where immigration status is recorded when a person is arrested  we now have ample evidence that undocumented…
this just in  new  jctgov report finds  realdonaldtrump s tax bill showers special  17 billion tax cut to the wealt…
rt  repjimcooper  early voting for the may 1 election begins today  you can vote early through april 26  check out the early voting sites h…
 epaoig  tgowdysc  gopoversight mr  pruitt told fox news in clear terms that the lobbyist tied to his far-below-mar…
tonight  i honored officer greggory jonathan casillas of the  pomonapd on the house floor  thank you for your heroi…
rt  kprc2  🔴  live  rep  al green to discuss immigration bill he s sponsoring to help some deported family members return to the us &gt 
today i convened local officials and stakeholders to talk with us army corps leadership about the effects of…
today  i stood with my democratic colleagues in calling for a special committee to investigate the motivations and…
rt  clarkcountynv  thank you to  repjackyrosen and her staff for recognizing the clark county museum on its 50th anniversary  rep  rosen sp…
incredibly thankful to each & every person who took the time from planting season to come share their experiences &…
 erin_kellymt and yet  somehow nobody believed that  guess what  turns out   that is exactly what republicans believe 
nice to meet  malcolmjenkins at the polls today  i hope i got his vote 
rt  usgsvolcanoes   gps  data show up to 0 5 m of motion due to friday s m6 9 earthquake at kilauea  a computer simulation indicates up to…
rt  bruceplatt1  i was   12 at 9 am at my voting district pennsylvania peeps get out and vote especially for  repbrendanboyle we need to ke…
this deployment was the result of years of work by general martin and colonel detorie to secure their new c-130h fl…
our team honored vietnam veterans at  azvets vietnam war veterans day ceremony 
joining  alexwitt on  msnbc shortly to discuss the gun violence epidemic in this country and why congress must act …
our plan to help end senseless mass shootings is supported by most floridians  we can t let the nra stand in our wa…
rt  bakari_sellers  the next episode of view point is going to be amazing w/  donlemon and  staceyplaskett  subscribe now 
chag pesach kasher vesame ach  to all who are celebrating passover  may your holiday be joyous and blessed with goo…
there are tens of thousands of people without power in the hudson valley this morning – we compiled a guide to help…
susan has made a difference in so many lives across our community and is an example to us all  i was honored to nam…
grateful to have a chance to meet with colonel michael lalor and members of the 1st armored division sustainment br…
president trump s deportation machine is being unleashed on 9 000 men and women who are trying to put their lives b…
today marks world down syndrome day  a chance to spread awareness about down syndrome and celebrate those in our co…
as early as the spring of 2017  the trump administration has considered separating children from immigrant parents…
monitoring situaton at loch raven high school  no confirmation of gun or shooting  in touch w/  bacopolicefire
delaney  macarthur form entrepreneurship caucus
rt  housedemocrats   sotu  fact-check  the g o p tax scam gives permanent tax cuts for corporations  but only temporary relief for middle class…
rt  officialcbc  c b c demands justice
wage inequality is not just a women s issue  it s an issue that affects every family in all corners of our district…
john bolton is every little bit as out of touch with reality as the president is  and we don t need two people like…
it s just plain wrong to tell thousands of our honduran neighbors they are no longer welcome here  these folks have…
officials abusing military air travel  - fmr hhs sec  price & his wife took a  500k trip to europe & africa - scott…
rt  repwilson  icymi  sgt  la david johnson is our hero 
  presssec  sarahhuckabee 🤥🤥🤥 that s totally false  the trump administration is flooding the swamp  proof point 1…
this military spouse appreciation day  we re recognizing spouses of a z vets  thank you to eva and the shaw family for…
rt  alexwitt  rep  connolly  trump  unprepared  for n  korea meeting via  msnbc
  realdonaldtrump is taking apart the affordable care act  forcing americans to pay higher premiums for less covera…
rt  justicereform   but for the grace of god there go i  says  repdannydavis at house briefing on reentry second chance month
happening now 
rt  repkihuen  i hope  realdonaldtrump realizes  as he looks out on the house floor  as he rails against immigrants  that d r e a mers in the…
county leaders from wa are in dc to talk about how congress can be a better partner  one big way  fund the secure r…
rt  opensecretsdc  today  we unveil  all the president s profiting  - a tool you can use to track payments from political entities to prope…
mahalo for the very nice invitation  see you all  ilima_inter on monday  bright and early 
with reports out this week that the g o p tax bill scam will add more than expected to the deficit  it looks like some…
rt  repjerrynadler  protect mueller protect rule of law
as a former immunology researcher  i know firsthand the importance of investing in research  through bipartisan wo…
impaired status is a good step  now let s work together  state and federal partners alike  to do everything we can…
rt  dstinc1913    dstinc1913 national president & ceo beverly smith was joined by  repmarciafudge and  repbeatty to bring a call to action…
trump shutdown fact  the shutdown in 2013 cost our government a combined total of 6 6 million work days 
having to decide between paying rent & buying food is unacceptable  i m pledging to help ensure no family in this c…
one of the most pernicious problems on social media is the rapid spread of misinformation  often posted by fraudule…
in addition  trump budget even weakens what would be left of medicaid  imposing work requirements and substituting…
march is womens history month  where we observe and reflect upon the amazing accomplishments women have achieved  wo…
from  give me your tired  your poor  your huddled masses yearning to breathe free   to  keep out   closing our door…
for far too long we have allowed partisanship and political tribalism erode civility within the halls of congress …
campaigning from the white house lawn  securing business deals through official meetings  hawking merchandise on ta…
participated in the hampton roads march for babies with members of wavy tv 10 this morning
today on yom hashoah  we remember the millions systematically slaughtered in the holocaust and reaffirm our commitm…
rt  barackobama  have fun out there among the stars 
  realdonaldtrump says he stands with harvey victims  he loves us and we will pull through together  however  he ha…
i don t agree with former  hhsgov secretary tom price very often  but it s good to know he s willing to state the f…
urgent  50 000 haitians face possible deportation to a still-struggling haiti if their temporary protected status is not extended  save t p s
yesterday  the house veterans  affairs health subcommittee held a hearing to discuss several new legislative propos…
are your taxes going up next year  if you re not wealthy or a corporation  you have a 30% chance of paying more ta…
rt  housejuddems  congress has put in place a carefully crafted legislative scheme to prevent potential terrorists from entering the countr…
i ve stopped telling people we need to  take back our country   what if we didn t go back  let s build something ne…
i ve been a cpa longer than i ve been a congressman and today i was able to visit at  csun  vita clinic  we helped p…
brock turner s 3-month sentence in county jail was not justice  it was a  soft timeout  & an insult to all survivors
rt  usrepkcastor  the trump gop wears its sabotage of americans  health care as a badge of honor  the truth  americans deserve lower cost…
 potus eo likely to destabilize  aca  insurance markets  siphon off healthy  raise cost for sicker/older americans 
i m proud of  johncarneyde for joining this important consortium  it is critical that we work together across state…
thanks for having me 
rt  teampelosi  retweet if you agree  we must **end** the uncertainty right now  right away  and do all we can to protect d r e a mers  they ar…
joining  cheddar with my guest cindy garcia live before  sotu 
at&t s ceo randall stephenson should appear before congress and the american people to provide full transparency in…
this  bhm2018  i m recognizing  catherinelhamon - a true shero & advocate for students & survivors of sexual violenc…
rt  repesty  appreciate my friend  rosadelauro keeping the conversation honest - we have a problem with *gun* violence in america 
honored to be appointed to the joint select committee on pensions  the men & women i represent worked a lifetime t…
from our urban centers to our rural communities  every student deserves the opportunity to learn and grow in a safe…
with president macron of france at a joint session of congress as we reaffirm our historical friendship and allianc…
1 this past february  i led 38 democrats in asking  dhsoig to examine problems and abuses in  cbp implementation o…
rt  jmartnyt    repdinatitus sniffs a trap   they re trying to encourage us to be more out front on impeachment so then they can use that…
impact of g o p tax scam  multinational company philips lighting announces  342m profits in 2017 &  187 4m in planned…
i m hopeful for a peaceful transfer of power and i renew my hope for a fair and transparent democracy for zimbabwe 
rt  oversightdems  republicans gave  bankofamerica a  3 5 billion tax cut  for 2018 alone   and how did they repay their customers  they el…
  realdonaldtrump says he stands with people of iran  but under his muslim travel ban  human rights leaders can t c…
rt  oversightdems  breaking  top democrats call on speaker paul ryan to compel trump administration to produce all documents on russian cyb…
democrats have a plan to give the american people a better deal by expanding access to affordable health care and pr…
i am proud to join women all across the world in celebration of international women s day  which is an annual recog…
the non-partisan  uscbo just said the us deficit will increase during the next couple of yrs due to tax cuts repubs…
it s time for a a better deal to rebuild america  that is why democrats have proposed a federal investment in infras…
 repgregorymeeks  we cannot let boko haram win   bbog  4 years too long
rt  pftlocal3    jerrytjordan thanking  repbrady for taking a strong stand of support for carmela and her family  carmelalibre phled
it is inexcusable that a month has passed since 17 young men and women were killed in parkland and congress has don…
rt  usrepkcastor  the trump gop wears its sabotage of americans  health care as a badge of honor  the truth  americans deserve lower cost…
i m proud to stand with our wildlife 
today is equal pay day  it s time to pass the paycheck fairness act  which strengthens and closes loopholes in the 1963 equal pay act 
 we stand ready to consider the facts before us and share the burden of decisions made regarding u s  involvement i…
listening to you is my most important job  take a few minutes to participate in my 2018 legislative survey to shar…
americans see through republican hypocrisy – they know the  gop is lying when they say the tax scam is for working…
it s been difficult to find good news this past year  but word that north korea may enter negotiations towards denu…
congressional condemnation of racist bigotry is not enough  in congress  talk is cheap-it s how we vote that counts…
today marks the ninth anniversary of the lilly ledbetter fair pay act being signed into law  this was an important…
sent a letter to  usindianaffairs raising concerns i have around chemawa indian school in salem following serious a…
take a moment this military appreciation month to honor those past  present  and future  who place service over self…
rt  inguardsman  another milestone with our  nato  partners today  3 more years solidifying our partnership with slovakia  we are n a t o  spp… 
in honor of women s history month  we celebrate joan mondale  a patron of the arts in minnesota who earned her nick…
mr  president  your refusal to be interviewed by the special counsel concerning his investigation will not exonerat…
rt  chrismurphyct  thank you to all the veterans who sat down with me and  rosadelauro this weekend and shared their feedback on how we can…
rt  energycommerce  subcommittee ranking member  usrepmikedoyle said that with today s action  we can begin the legislative process to over…
a flash flood warning is in effect on the central coast  stay safe  and do not attempt to walk or drive through mov…
rt  abcpolitics  new  house judiciary democrats announce bill to protect special counsel robert mueller   unfortunately  it seems republi…
unions are the backbone of the american middle class  thank you to my sisters and brothers in organized labor for   
oy gevalt   oy vay zmir *credit my parents and theirs and theirs and theirs and   
today we celebrate the 50th anniversary of the fair housing act  co-authored by dc native son sen  edward brooke  ma…
contract employees often do the same jobs as traditional employees  but don t have federal anti-discrimination prot…
it s national small business week & we take this time to recognize the importance of small biz to our local economy …
make it easier for companies of all sizes to support job training programs 
reminder  if your daca expires before 3/5/2018  renewal requests must be received by this thursday  october 5 
 msanthropissd hi there  you can call my district office at 415-258-9657 and my team will assist you  you can also…
i commend the efforts of  sanjacintousd s cultivatinga communityof caring campaign to ensure students have a safe le…
last night  i joined my colleagues in celebrating our dear friend charles rangel  who has served new york in   
rt  biogen  deepening our roots in  thertp  today we announced the expansion of our footprint with the opening of our global business servi…
on monday  i met with folks from  esterline to hear about their current projects  products  and workforce needs  i…
pleased that sen   chuckgrassley moved a bipartisan bill in sen judiciary comm to protect special counsel mueller …
thank you to all of the kind staff  _mealsonwheels in beloit for letting me visit and take part in a delivery today…
proud to represent the  coolest small town in america    inasburyparknj
rt  repalgreen  habari gani  i want to wish a joyous and happy kwanzaa to all celebrating this holiday season 
the united states is one of only 13 countries worldwide where maternal mortality rates are worse than they were 25…
transportation infrastructure is the backbone of my district s economy  my constituents and the american people des…
congrats to the  eagles for earning a spot in the super bowl  fly eagles fly
q3  this one is for homeowners in la   nometrealtors how does this plan threaten tax incentives for homeowners  wh…
  cecilerichards has led so many fights on behalf of  ppfa  women  and all americans who need comprehensive health…
vote for julia today  polls close at 8pm  find your polling location here 
rt  housenewdems  we know that infrastructure projects are consistently evaluated as one of the best returns on government investments  and…
from the bottom of my heart  i want to thank everyone who is working hard to make our world a better place to   
we face serious threats from countries undermining our democracy  instead of taking strategic  deliberate steps to…
rt  carolinefan    repjayapal does a thorough job of educating a caller who questioned the congresswoman s citizenship  aapi 
earlier today  i met with stuart and allee from  autismspeaks to discuss racial disparities in autism diagnoses  th…
i asked secretary elaine chao of  usdot why the trump administration has  beyond all reason  torpedoed the gateway…
hoʻomaikaʻi hawaii  nationalguard for earning the 2018 sec  def  environmental award for work to eradicate invasiv…
like  senategop not holding hearings & vote on  scotus  opening  another way gop trying to make prez term of opposition party just 3yrs  /7
calling all high school students in the dallas area-- join us this friday  march 23rd for our annual math & science…
rt  samstein  maxine waters  prominent trump impeachment advocate  was the target of a russian bot account w/  oneu…
on world press freedom day  we celebrate the free press  the 1st amendment  & the values we hold dear as a democratic…
we do talk about medicare for all from time to time  but never social security for all  do our obligations to one…
today the house will be voting the reauthorization of h r  2410 – sickle cell disease research  surveillance  preve…
join me and the  hispaniccaucus for a tweetstorm to celebrate earth day and highlight how environmental issues impa…
rt  energycommerce  the flint water crisis is not an anomaly—what happened to flint is a warning to all americans  many communities are one…
a mind to work   great story and a greater inspiration   ronsuskind  sfntweets  jadensvoice  autismspeaks…
the cfpb is considering consolidating the arm of the agency that protects student borrowers  this is an intentional…
rt  repraskin  i ve strongly condemned gina haspel s nomination for cia director and joined colleagues in urging a no vote in her confirmat…
rt  kupunaadvocate  mahalo rep gabbard for fighting to retain the 7 5% medical expense tax deductions that will save seniors thousands of d…
rt  waysmeanscmte  after adding trillions of dollars to the deficit with their reckless tax law that benefits corporations and the super we…
today the statesfor gun safety coalition announced the nation s first regional gun violence research consortium  th…
rt  allinwithchris  joining  chrislhayes tonight   maziehirono  repjerrynadler  natashabertrand  matthewamiller  benjaminwittes  greggordon…
trump administration knows that immigration issues are civil matters but have decided to create an unnecessary cris…
proud to participate in the peninsula march of dimes  march for babies along with mayor mckinley price  my brothers…
a mind to work   here s why the cancer death rate has plummeted
my statement on trump calling for the militarization of the southern border 
 repmccaul  benniegthompson  danarohrabacher  rep_hunter we re   the  portofla learning about the unique security…
it was a pleasure meeting every single one of them  they had an impact on me 
our hearts ache as we mourn the loss of winnie mandela  for decades she was a symbol of resistance to systems of po…
rt  jenniffer2012  camino a orlando a ver la comunidad puertorriqueña con el  vp mike pence  marcorubio  senbillnelson  staceyplaskett
this project illustrates that there remains a bias to building transmission lines rather than using new tools 
heading to opening day from the south bay  be at the harbor gateway transit center between 12 45 and 2 to meet…
reflecting on the incredible achievements of stephen hawking  who not only helped unlock some of the great mysterie…
the chimney fire is now 100% contained  thanks once again to our brave firefighters & first responders 
the  natlparkservice is celebrating earth day by offering free entry into national parks tomorrow  find your park at…
join the  hispaniccaucus for a tweetstorm to stand with puerto rico today from 11 30am-12 30pm et …
rt  joshbrogadirtv    repjoekennedy speaking at  franklinhs also urging  philips ceo chris white to save 160 jobs headed to mexico from mas…
there are 400 000 philadelphians who live in poverty  they want a stable job w/ a livable wage  affordable housing …
 elizabethecarte unclear
you could not find a sharper mind than louise slaughter  she was a truly great leader and i was honored to serve al…
our students speak town hall was one of my favorite events i ve held while serving in congress  the courage and act…
 thomascbowen  danielstrauss4 proud to report that we exceeded expectations for the 2018 uwpl and had over 1 700 in…
interested in attending a u s  military academy   ga13  students are invited to apply for a congressional nomination…
american farmers are already living under the uncertainty caused by low commodity prices and the potential impact o…
in the u s  constitution  the founding fathers laid out a plan for the census to count all persons living in americ…
nothing can change the fact that republicans control our entire government  and their leadership would rather shut…
it s always an honor to stand with w  hartford natives and survivors rabbi lazowski and ruth lazowski  their story…
here s what potus didn t tell you about his g o p tax scam  it explodes the deficit and sticks our children with the b…
thread  today  on the 19th anniversary of the columbine shooting  thousands of students across the country will wal…
in february we celebrated the 25th anniversary of the  fmla   as the product of a working family  i am well aware of…
rt  oversightdems  just in   repcummings and  repjimmygomez question  bankofamerica s decision to terminate no-fee checking accounts right…
oh i just wanted to share this wonderful flashback with my good friend shirleychisholm  happy friday  folks ✌🏽
not sure how much longer we can take this phony & corrupt fake president lying to the american people
congratulations to  ucityschools senior ashlynn jenkins  the winner of the 2018  congressionalartcompetition for he…
rt  nysyouthsuccess  getting started a day early in dc for the afterschool for all challenge  thanks to  repeliotengel for supporting after…
i discussed my continued work to find a solution for the thousands impacted by the president s actions to end  daca… 
after i wrote a letter to  usedgov following the stunning closure of the ridley-lowell business & tech institute in…
after one trump administration contract barely delivered 0 02% of promised meals to puerto rico  i have trouble put…
clean up on aisle 4  every time the president comes close to a commonsense  bipartisan compromise white house staff…
rt  barackobama  happy mother s day to every mom out there  especially the remarkable moms in my life   michelleobama and my mother-in-law …
 appropsdems  epascottpruitt  realdonaldtrump   epascottpruitt  you have violated the public trust by abusing epa r…
i m proud of my work to attract jobs  families  and businesses to new jersey and honored to receive the  uschamber …
rt  sandyhook  chants of  protect our kids  coming from newtown high school  amazing work  junior_naa  walkout wednesday
 gmitter  actionnewsjax  wjxt4  fcn2go
today in dc  my staff and i accompanied my  sotu  guest mr  willeford  and his wife pamela  around the capitol groun…
the central coast is the proud birthplace of earth day  as environmental stewards  we know we must find a solution…
in observance of good friday and the wisdom of jesus  let us remember what he teaches in luke 6 20  blessed are y…
a6  local and state action to address climate change is more important than ever when we have an administration tha…
as the son of a farmworker who worked in the fields to make a living for his family on the central coast  today i c…
that s why i ve introduced my  restore democracy  legislation  our measure calls for establishing a system of publi…
no one should be subjected to harassing or unwanted robocalls  whether they come from a government contractor or an…
we have to win  this is such an important race in our state — and really for our country  go j b 
the g o p tax plan hurts middle-class families in ma by repealing state and local tax deduction  which is claimed by 1/3 ma residents
i am so proud to stand with students as they say enoughis enough and demand that congress act to prevent gun violen…
i am so grateful to spend today with my family  counting our blessing as this year comes to a close and making our…
need help  my staff will be at the southgate library on tuesday from 10 00 am to noon to help you with stalled tax…
i urge members of the delaware house of representatives and delaware senate to take up and pass a concurrent resolu…
latest outrage  trump compared immigrants to poisonous snakes  shame
nor has  housegop brought bill 2 enact a modernized  strengthened voting rights act after being gutted by  scotus  n 2013  restorethe vote /3
rt  cspan    repjohnlewis testifies on sen  sessions becoming attorney general – live online here  sessionshearin…
questioning  epascottpruitt   i think your actions are an embarrassment  
wondering what the latest judicial decisions on  daca  mean for you and your family  read this flyer for info …
moving justice forward for 1 5 million floridians who deserve a second chance 
today s read  the la times editorial board s endorsement of ab 1795  mental health urgent care and sobering center…
at  redcross  redcrossbaltdc in baltimore learning about impact of taxreform on local nonprofits  we need to enco…
rt  consumerfed  live   repraskin addresses consumer assembly  watch now on facebook 
anyone who uses chemical weapons should be stopped  that includes assad and the russians  but we ve seen this befor…
to sign up for updates and alerts from  civildefensehi please visit  kilauea…
weighed alternatives in policy towards iran today at the  hfacdemocrats hearing - in anticipation of president trum…
rt  housedemocrats  this womens history month we honor the extraordinary women that broke glass ceilings and paved the way for progress and…
thanks to this fall intern class for all of their drive  dedication  curiosity  & passionate desire to do good by t…
this morning s earthquake is a reminder that while we may not know when disaster may strike  we can always take ste…
in meeting kim jong un to discuss denuclearization  the president will need to rely on more than his own estimation…
  louiseslaughter s no-nonsense ferocity in protecting women s reproductive health and our american values has insp…
we have a lot of work to do to ensure the u s  govt is on the cutting edge of combating cyber threats  that s why w…
a few thoughts on the unfolding scandals surrounding epa administrator scott pruitt  i have agreed with…
we cannot let fake intelligence committee chairman punk entire  fbi w/ fake memo and get away with it
last night cnn and others reported that trump is considering firing dep  ag rosenstein  who the president attacked…
advocating for common-sense gun legislation does not hinder our freedoms or threaten the second amendment  we owe i…
rt  lynnejacobs11  with  juliezaebst to thank  repdwightevans for his support  actfor women  reprorights
how about we discuss the amount employers spent on stock buybacks and dividends to shareholders after the…
rt  waysmeanscmte  nearly six months since its signing  the republican tax law has spurred layoffs  higher health care costs  ballooning de…
my amendment  requesting the  deptofdefense explore expansion opportunities for hacking for defense  was just added…
rt  officialcbc  read the congressional black caucus  letter to the nfl about police brutality via  sbnation
rt  housejuddems  happening now  the house is debating the so-called balanced budget amendment  this bill is an act of breathtaking hypocris…
appreciated the update on the sherpa fire  a heartfelt thank you to our brave first responders who keep us safe 
mueller subpoenas bannon  nunes produces spin memo  mueller interviews sessions  johnson claims secret society…
iran deal
13 hours into the national defense authorization act markup and still going strong   fy19ndaa 
thank you to everyone who worked together to help move vc forward in 2012  i m grateful and honored to have your help and support 
i am working to ensure that women and men who served their country get the support they earned  wa-02 received 73 n…
happy birthday r b g  you re a shining star of justice & integrity  paving the way for many more courageous  brilliant…
rt  uofa  happy commencement day  wildcats  remember to visit for important event details  we can t wait to celebr…
kyle is the kind of neighbor we d all be lucky to have  he sprang into action to literally save a stranger s life …
for  fmla25  today  i m listening to what paidleavemeans to america s workers and families  if you ve taken…
today i introduced a bill to allow new mexico s acequia s to qualify for federal funding to make improvements/repai…
ernest maynard is a local veteran from enfield who served in wwii and the korean war  i first met ernie in 2015 wh…
trump 2/28   some of you people are petrified of the nra  you can t be petrified  you can t be petrified …
great to discuss improving small business opportunities for americans with disabilities with  autismspeaks in my of…
 ca20  is home to over 40 000 acres of organic production  with sales topping  550 million  san benito county alone…
little art history contest  who and where are these guys 
rt  alexckaufman   reppaultonko  if a democrat acted in this manner would you stand for it   tonko asks   i think the answer is clear you w…
more than 100 palestinians have been killed by israeli soldiers and 4 000  have been injured since trump announced…
rt  stephenfhayes  watch this  it s exactly what trump did at the iowa press conference after he mocked john mccain for being captured  he…
rep  thomas e  miller served the 7th district of  sc  from 1889 to 1890  black history month  tbt   8/9 
i stood with our d r e a mers  over 80% of americans  and many of my colleagues on wednesday  calling for speaker ryan…
many seniors depend on medicaid to be there when their savings run out  would  speakerryan really propose taking away that security 
the farm bill will be the biggest climate change bill we consider this year  we need a food & farm bill that will h…
when sitting for hearings on muslim ban 3 0 today  i hope  scotus  kept in mind the words & intent of the man who im…
it was great to meet 7th grader leyla finley & her family during their recent trip to dc  leyla is from…
met with representatives from the haitian community  inasburyparknj  we discussed the cruel decision by the trump a…
happy st  patrick s day from the bridgeport parade  you don t have to pay the piper  but you better buy him a beer 
mobile office hours in watsonville tomorrow  10am-1pm congressional staff will be available to assist with social…
 when i dare to be powerful  to use my strength in the service of my vision  then it becomes less and less importan…
icymi  i worked with my colleagues in congress  arizona officials  and community leaders to fund the construction o…
proud to join  drnealdunnfl2 in introducing this bill  which authorizes usda to promote the agriculture technologie…
four years later and the flint water crisis is still not over  congress can—and must—make critical investments in w…
it s hard to imagine how the president  and the republicans who are in control of the senate and the house  cannot…
happening today at 2pm at lenox terrace  133rd street  malcolm x blvd  join  repespaillat  galeabrewer…
community health centers provide invaluable services to our region and countless individuals and families  that is…
 uscbo the g o p farm bill spends  65 million to push low-quality health insurance plans onto america s farmers  these…
joining the community in san ysidro to tell president trump that immigrants are welcome here and that we don t supp…
as  housebluedogs co-chair & member of the new task force  i m proud to announce we re launching a blue dog special…
rt  tictoc  in a  united message to president trump   house judiciary committee ranking member jerry nadler says  do not meddle with the sp…
the mueller probe is no witch hunt—it is a criminal investigation which has already produced charges and has operat…
christmas came early this year for isps   ajitpaifcc announced plans today to repeal the open internet order and en…
rt  demsespanol  hoy honramos a las pioneras que han marchado  alzado su voz y luchado por sus derechos y los derechos de los demás  ¡feliz…
the failure of republican congressional leadership to act while 1 500 mass shootings have occurred on american soil…
at this point my colleagues and i sent a letter to the epa inspector general  epaoig requesting a review of this un…
rt  waysmeanscmte  as  reprichardneal points out  president trump s junk insurance plans will  leave families on the hook for thousands of…
 1/2  israel has always said that peace should be negotiated between the parties  that has been the u s  position…
in 2018  no american should die in a preventable train accident  today   repdennyheck and i testified to congress a…
mark your calendars for tomorrow  stop by opening day of the  downtowngrowers market at a b q s historic robinson p…
what a surprise   
live  having a candid conversation with students & young professionals in oaklyn  nj  join us for the discussion 
that s why  repmarktakano & i  along w/ 69 democratic members of congress  called for an increase in  useeoc s fund…
it s one of the last weekends we can gather petitions--can you help make sure jan and other great progressives   
rt  corybooker    senatortester & i had our own battle for the net in support of net neutrality—now we need you to get in the game  only on…
flashback friday thanks again  sportscenter   cbg17 
rt  jessagots  indeed feeling powerful hearing from our illinois leaders today ✊🏼 thank you for being here  janschakowsky  repdannydavis ht…
in light of giuliani s statement that  realdonaldtrump reimbursed cohen for the  130k illegal in-kind campaign co…
rt  usglc  a strong  statedept is just as important as a strong military  they go hand-in-hand  –  repbrochester usglc d e america leads htt…
rt  cityofmiagarden  free community food distribution at bennett m  lifter park - april 26
rt  johnlegend  i imagine there s some comfort in imagining a future without racism and projecting that onto the present  thinking if we ju…
a year ago today   potus fired fbi director  comey  prompting the appt of special counsel mueller  today  are remin…
rt  lcvoters    repcarbajal    epascottpruitt has got to go   boot pruitt
rt  ncpssm  today  join us on facebook live at 1pm et where our president  max richtman  will be speaking about the importance of medicare…
investigators seized 16 cell phones in michael cohen raid 
i ll be on  outnumberedfnc discussing the latest on north korea and the upcoming north korea summit with…
my heart is with the students  parents  and educators whose lives were forever changed by another tragic shooting i…
as 1st female chair of the eeoc and cosponsor of the paycheck fairness act  i salute women who act to eliminate pay…
wishing a blessed ramadan to those in chicago & around the world observing the holy month  ramadan mubarak
having a great mothers day  pictured below are me with my kids tyler and brandon  i wish moms everywhere a wonderfu…
rep  cicilline joins  senjackreed  senwhitehouse at the woonsocket fire department to unveil a new ladder truck and…
 when the whole world is silent  even one voice becomes powerful   – malala yousafzai womens history month
  nhccnm is featuring artwork created by students from albuquerque high school and volcano vista high school insp…
huge thanks to the students of lagunitas ms & casa grande high for inviting me to talk with you about gun violence …
congrats to everyone who helped break ev records in tx  if you haven t  make sure you vote on tuesday & turn tx blue
 realdonaldtrump congress can  and must  take action to make  daca  law   4/4 
yesterday  during the house veterans affairs committee markup  several of my bills and amendments to help veterans…
reports that trump confidant michael cohen received money from russian oligarchs should concern democrats and repub…
we re listening to roushaunda s powerful testimony now  including  uniteherelocal1 s  hands off pants on  survey  w…
the  mghcchi1 school-based health center at revere high school is brightening the future of our city s youth by in…
2015 urban mobility report found congestion costs commuters  160b in wasted time & fuel in 2014  or an average of  960 per commuter  1/
  nytimes  mega2e  jodikantor  newyorker &  ronanfarrow just won pulitzer for unflinching reporting on sex abuse &…
president trump s threats to fire deputy ag rod rosenstein are a disgrace and a blatant attempt to obstruct the spe…
rt  pathadvocacy  strong health systems save countless lives and provide the backbone that delivers basic health services and enables count…
the port of wilmington has long been one of delaware s most important employment centers 
thank you  repcohen for cosponsoring the securing americas elections act  voter verified paperballots will help pro…
just like the g o p tax scam  republicans chose not to work with democrats to reauthorize  hea  in a bipartisan way …
 luisalonsolugo  ap_politics  whitehouse maybe  potus could use some motivation  —&gt 
great to meet with so many civically engaged young women from  nashobabrooks yesterday afternoon on capitol hill  s…
rick santorum has said many dumb things but i think this one may rank in the top 10  so proud my state booted him o…
rt  maziehirono  new  hawaii s congressional delegation urged  potus to approve  govhawaii s request for a presidential disaster declaratio…
rt  deltacollege  today  delta hosted congressman dan kildee  mi  & congressman eric swalwell  ca  for a discussion w/ students and employe…
  potus  our all-volunteer military must not discriminate against those who are willing to risk their lives for our…
how do we close the skillsgap to ensure that students are graduating with the skills they need to succeed  discuss…
just spoke on the  housefloor to urge my colleagues to support our bipartisan amendment to protect the great lakes…
rt  sierraclub  in an unprecedented partnership  three florida newspapers have come together to  confront one challenge  sea-level rise is…
thank you to all the educators for everything you do  📚 your hard work and dedication to educating our youth has no…
glad to see so much participation at the caucuses today  thanks for making your voices heard  bospoli mapoli
stood my colleagues to discuss the misguided members in  housegop who are trying to remove funding for the gateway…
congratulations  amtrak for completion of positive train control on northeast corridor - a step to make sure the past doesn t repeat itself 
many families woke up this morning with their lives completely shattered 
rt  uwchr    repjayapal has written a letter to  dhsgov secretary nielsen urging  icegov and  cbp to comply with 30   foia  requests we ve s…
read rewarding or hoarding  an examination of ceo-to-worker pat ratios required by dodd-frank …
my response after the president s recent comments about immigrants from haiti and african nations   and if the pres…
npr interview   nprwatc  repgutierrez w/  nprmichel barbershop  what a democrat s red-district win means for midt…
rt  afgenational    repcarbajal says we must take politics out of research  stand up e p a 1u
rt  cspanwj  tues|  repgaramendi  d-ca  weighs in on last week s u s  & allies military strike on syria
trump s claim that pulling immigration & customs enforcement out of our state would increase crime once again displ…
led letter w/  repbonamici  repespaillat  repdonbeyer &  repbarbaralee to  dhsoig to investigate  customsborder &…
stay safe  ct  powerful winds and thunderstorms expected across the state this evening  if possible  stay indoors a…
 repespaillat  repzoelofgren  repraulgrijalva lead 80  members in opposition to  dhsgov reckless public charge rule…
the house foreign affairs committee met with the un high commissioner for refugees today to discuss the millions of…
alison leland is the director of the 3 3 undergraduate/law dual degree program  today we recognize her for keeping…
amazing panel on voting rights and black voter turnout in alabama   a big thank you to  naturbanleague for hosting…
this horror has no place in our country  and i pray for those affected today 
inspired by today s march for our lives - this generation is making a difference 
rt  iaff1660  thank you  repbonamici for hosting our local leadership and the  orfirefighters today as a part of i a f f legcon  iaffnewsdesk…
 cecilerichards  ppact her fearlessness and tenacity have won the day for all of us  i wish  cecilerichards the b…
before aca  deb didnt go to the doc  so she could afford to take her daughters-aca changed that  dont make hardwrking people pay more for less
i graduated from chaminade in 1980  combining skills with a strong set of values  chaminade promotes both  is the w…
the current status quo on daca is not acceptable  courts have rightfully stepped in to protect dreamers  but we in…
i miss  barackobama 
coming together in the face of tragedy represents the best of our minnesota values  as we remember the tornado that…
my bipartisan measure would ensure the fema auditing process is more balanced  giving time to review payments & pro…
yesterday s sad news about the passing of connecticut s first female lg reminds us of her lifetime career of barrie…
happy mothers day to all the moms and families out there  especially my mom and my wife priya  i hope your family w…
we d all be more surprised if there wasn t a russian oligarch involved in this drama 
rt  naral    rephuffman   would we let a cardiologist lie to his heart attack patients    nooo  we wouldn t  so we shouldn t let fake clini…
rt  revjenbutler  gop farm bill goes against 2 000 verses of scripture calling on us to care for the poor  s n a p works
on national law enforcement appreciation day we recognize hard working men and women  like my father  brother and niec…
intern spotlight  fausto is an orlando resident &  ucf senior  he s passionate about lgbtq rights and hiv/aids pre…
i visited  eacgov this week with  repraskin to hear about the commission s work to secure our nation s election inf…
another  fiscally-conservative  trump official living it up on taxpayer expense  mnuchin  carson  pruitt  list keep…
rt  lcvoters  great new editorial from  timestribune on  repcartwright bill to close coal loopholes  fairshare
trump shutdown fact  during a shutdown  the small business administration stops approving small business loans and…
rt  energycommerce  ranking member  frankpallone on albert kelly resignation from  epa 
i m grateful to  chriscoons and  senjohnmccain for introducing the u s aact in the senate  the targeted  bipartisan…
rt  aflcio  we believe workers deserve to live with dignity on  and off  the job  they demand respect  safe working conditions  living wage…
  realdonaldtrump has denied the science of climatechange and let  epascottpruitt gut environmental regulations  i…
we need to continue to expand access to affordable housing for all coloradans and americans  that starts by upholdi…
rt  thehill  gop lawmaker breaks with trump  mueller should follow russia probe  wherever it takes him 
i ll be on  upwithsteve this morning at 9 30am est to talk about the u s  fight against  isis   tune into  msnbc to watch the conversation 
rt  topherspiro  breaking  official  nonpartisan score  jct   senate tax bill will explode the debt by  1 trillion—even after accounting fo…
… to name a few issues  learn more here 
wonderful conversation with  grammyadvocacy to discuss the music modernization act 
rt  repteddeutch    nra pres  oliver north called gun reform activists  civil terrorists   the nra will do anything to protect their inte…
for example   danarohrabacher voted to raise taxes on 78 074 households in ca-48  who would lose an average of  18 200 in salt deductions
rt  lapdfoothill  - weather alert -  lapdfoothill  lapdhq  lapdoutreach  lapdmission  stncoutreach  sunlandtujunga  readyla  thecity…
big d c statehood deal  thank you  senator  maziehirono for cosponsoring our d c statehood bill  setting a new record…
rt  greghinz  let bumped airline passengers rebook on other airlines   replipinski  does pending  faanews amendment have a prayer 
it was incredibly powerful to hear from  sybrinafulton   fred_guttenberg  meghan hobson  and many others at my seco…
they attend schools  hold jobs and are valuable members of our communities across the nation  they are american through and through 
rt  officialcbc  congressional black caucus to host twitter town hall on community policing and police accountability c b c demands justice ht…
i ve long opposed new drilling off the coast of ca & have cosponsored hr 169  rephuffman s bill to ban offshore dri…
 centeronbudget  amermedicalassn  aarp this deep cut in federal funding will cost california alone billions in health care funding  11/
rt  winterparkfla  congratulations to chief white and thank you  repstephmurphy and mayor leary for honoring him today 
polluting pruitt s time at epa has been mired with secrecy  waste of taxpayer   and widespread conflicts of interes…
after my speech  as usual  the speaker protemp admonished me for  engaging in personalities of the president   whic…
there are common sense  bipartisan steps that we can take to curb & prevent this from continuing to happen  we can…
here we are  i m with my state of the union guest nelson melgar  checking out the library of congress 
rt  repbillfoster    realdonaldtrump has denied the science of climatechange and let  epascottpruitt gut environmental regulations  it s d…
that s why i joined low income housing residents   imaginehousing and  ccsww today  to hear directly from them abou…
rt  usgsvolcanoes  10 30 am hst earthquake upgraded to m5 0  see most recent post 
i m proud to announce the boston metro area local 100 of the american postal workers union endorsed my candidacy for reelection mapoli
latest from the small government gop  step into the boss s office for your weigh-in 
today  i spoke with  admzukunft of the  uscg during a house appropriations subcommittee on homeland security hearin…
calling on all veterans to take advantage of the veteran affairs  mobile medical unit to be in roma  tx today wedne…
meet  remithetrainer &  mrelitefitness  owners of elite fitness studio in san leandro  their commit to be fit lifesty…
we have seen report after report that decriminalizing marijuana leads to a drop in addiction rates and opioid-relat…
michelle lacroix of scranton was my guest last evening to the president s joint address to…
in our house  cats and dogs get along pretty well  maybe too well 
rt  sencortezmasto  nevada ranks 22nd in the country for having the widest gender pay gap  how does help working women & families put food…
it s the annual congressional art competition  be sure to like and share your favorite entries now through april 29…
i m on  talkofct this morning until 8 30 am  tune in 
thanks to their efforts we haven t seen a single regional crash since  our skies are safer today because of them 
president trump abandoned his promises to allow medicare to negotiate directly with drug companies and allow the sa…
to honor our fallen heroes we must renew our commitments to those currently serving our nation  many who are in harm s way  memorial day2016
rt  housejuddems   icymi    repjerrynadler s statement on introduction of special counsel independence and integrity act 
joining  cnbc s  powerlunch to discuss  potus announcement on steel and efforts to stop illegal dumping  this could…
lucky for you  there s no shortage of important debates these days in congress 
i applaud speaker ryan s decision to accept fr pat conroy s rescission to resign as chaplain of the house  now we c…
rt  energycommerce  polluting pruitt went around the white house to give his friends a large pay raise  now he is trying to blame it on his…
today is a painful reminder of one of the darkest days in co history when we lost 13 innocent lives to gun violence…
rt  jackjacksonjr   repohalleran and i were honored to be part of history yesterday as the white mountain apache tribe sworn in their first…
rt  jbendery  new  rep  gerry connolly  d  has been approached by gop colleagues -- including some in the freedom caucus -- about trying to…
rt  whiphoyer  thank you  hispaniccaucus for your leadership in responding to this offensive resolution  i commend  repcardenas  who is pla…
rt  leecountyedg   daveloebsack visiting  steff_weld in lee county talking businessgrowth
at the  chamber94565 and  pittsburgusd s career link expo we provided east county students with information on inte…
rt  stribopinion  walz bill sends message to va  get going on medical marijuana research  veterans deserve the best chronic pain  ptsd trea…
today marks armenian genocide remembrance day  we cannot forget the horrors of the past -- that s why i signed onto…
from war crimes to trade issues  the world is presenting americans with challenges that threaten our livelihood  mo…
 repbillfoster  realdonaldtrump  epascottpruitt thank you for your leadership on this  repbillfoster  when the hist…
scott pruitt is actively undermining the  epa and living a life of luxury on taxpayers  dime  i ve said it before a…
i had a great time talking to the students and business leaders participating in the sauk valley community leadersh…
 homesarizona you can contact the call center at 928-679-8393  they are best equipped to answer your questions  thanks 
i know  realdonaldtrump doesn t appreciate hard-working jobs like those of us in the inland empire  but these…
rt  repcicilline  democrats have a real plan to give people a better deal through investing in our workers & reprioritizing groundbreaking r…
rt  snapshoted  thank you for sharing that our government needs young people who are willing to work hard and make change  thank you for li…
rt  congsynopsis  and a study shows that over half of them are women but only 20% of new recruits are female  reps speier and tsongas are p…
 bflynn1018  senwarren  senbooker  senfeinstein  sentoomey  sensanders  betsydevosed  senschumer  senjohnmccain…
congressman dyer  who was the first to introduce an anti-lynching bill in 1918  motivated them and helped galvanize…
great morning worship service with my friend  pastor ausberry and the members of antioch baptist church
we re not just abandoning diplomacy  weakening our credibility at a critical point with n  korea  we re abandoning…
rt  hfacdemocrats  rm  repeliotengel s statement on the trump administration s withdrawal from the iran deal 
as they trekked the 54 miles from selma to montgomery  it was the student nonviolent coordinating committee  sncc …
statement on last night s missile strike in syria 
ready to start my marc means business work day    orbitalatk to learn firsthand about the technical work our nation …
on earth day  we are reminded that protecting our environment is not only crucial to preserving our world for futur…
if you are under evacuation notice and need somewhere to go  the red cross has established an evacuation center at…
recently met  floridastate students saphicher gonzalez & elena princi in tallahassee  as a  fsusga senator  saphic…
the bias needs to be toward disclosing a breach  not burying it  my statement on  sec_news s first ever cybersecuri…
calling all students  we are accepting applications for summer interns in our boulder and fort collins offices  app…
please join me at the  how would you balance the federal budget   event with  concordc  rsvp here 
 let s build bridges  not walls   –martin luther king jr 
rt  housedemocrats  fifty years after the loss of his mentor and friend  dr  martin luther king  jr    repjohnlewis reminds us that real pr…
rt  reprichardneal  you can t upend the tax system without creating serious problems – & we re already seeing the g o p tax scam creating many…
the g o p tax scam raises taxes on 82 million middle class families while giving corporations massive tax cuts  we nee…
gave remarks this morning during the opening session of the 2018 navy contracting summit  hosted by the defense lea…
instead  after passing a tax bill that makes it harder for states  cities and towns to invest in their communities …
today is good friday  as a catholic  i keep this day  when we commemorate the crucifixion and death of jesus christ…
wishing  melaniatrump a speedy reovery 
imagine the disrespect felt if the top diplomat of the us is fired right after visiting your country  we have to th…
there s still time to come check out the youth opportunities fair at the central  indylibrary  youth of all ages ca…
the american people won t be fooled  they see right through the g o p tax scam s plan to finance corporate tax cuts wi…
follow  martaservice and  511georgia for information about how to avoid 85 collapse
rt  sahilkapur  from the nbc news report  john kelly has taken credit with the right for scuttling a daca deal he says would ve been too so…
trump s border wall isn t just a financial disaster & a useless deterrent for immigrants  it s an environmental haz…
won t be taking part in moment of silence for sutherland springs  it s theater  & it s insulting to the people we re supposed to protect 
my statement on  govmattbevin s planned takeover of  jcpsky 
discussing how we can expand economic opportunity in the north country w/educators  advocates and business leaders…
happy earth day  we only have one planet to live on  let s protect and care for it for our kids and grandkids
yesterday   usedgov announced they will immediately issue hurricane loan forgiveness for  du1869   sunoknights …
rt  repdonbeyer  welcoming  nancypelosi and democratic leaders to alexandria s  novacommcollege to unveil our new economic plan  tools to s…
i continue to oppose the effort to close military labs that test our chemical and biological weapon response – inc…
storms have knocked out power at my newburgh office  please call my washington  d c  office at  202  225-5441 if y…
from tax policy and the budget  to labor and environmental issues  the people of washington  d c  deserve to have a…
 let s face it  there is no planet b  - french president emmanuel macron to congress today  he s right  and the v…
veterans stand down shows the strength of our community  thanks supervisor lavagnino for spearheading this critical…
this is sort of draining the swamp  even if it is trump staff 
thanks for coming by  dan  glad we had the chance to catch up and discuss education policy
 yourveganho  davidhogg111 thank you for your message  i agree that we need to take action to address gun violence…
 amyharlib you can count on my no vote  this political  partisan farm bill is terrible  i support  snap  and will not vote for any cuts 
rt  repbillfoster    realdonaldtrump has denied the science of climatechange and let  epascottpruitt gut environmental regulations  it s d…
rt  housedemocrats  fifty years after the loss of his mentor and friend  dr  martin luther king  jr    repjohnlewis reminds us that real pr…
today i gathered with  metra officials and local leaders to break ground on an expansion of metra s railcar and loc…
rt  whiphoyer  where are democrats  proposing bipartisan solutions to protect d r e a mers  which you continue to reject  1  reproybalallard/ …
 _sergeeeeo hey  _sergeeeeo i have a town hall tonight   sycamore junior high   6-8pm  check my facebook for future…
rt  officialcbc    nationalaction c b c demands justice
thank you  daeton  for sharing your wonderful story  it was a pleasure to meet you and your mom  lynn  special than…
it s small biz sat  don t forget to support local businesses that create jobs  boost economy & preserve neighborhoods around the country 
for many nyers  affordable public transit can mean the difference between poverty and opportunity  that s why my…
social media companies have a vital role to play in combating the weaponization of misinformation  facebook s rece…
february 1  2018 – salvador b  castro middle school  los angeles  california photo   ap_images / damian dovarganes…
 chakafattah
rt  pandersonc12  thank you to  repschakowsky for your dedication to airline safety and the passage of h r  4 - faa reauthorization in the…
adding a citizenship question to the 2020 census turns the constitutional mechanism of a popular count into a parti…
get out and vote for your favorite burger in iowa  both moo s bbq & blues in newton and morgan s corner bar and gri…
rt  officialcbc  today at 11 30 am et  the cbc will introduce the jobsand justice act  omnibus legislation that would  if passed  increase…
in a year of trump  republicans tried to ram through trumpcare that included defunding planned parenthood & huge cut…
5  he assured us that he speaks with  wayne and chris  and the  incredible  people at the nra about how to protect…
even conservatives agree  the trump administration s mass deportation agenda is an affront to american values of re…
joining  cnn  cnnsitroom  wolfblitzer at 4pmct/5pmet to discuss gina haspel confirmation hearing &  realdonaldtrump…
rt  transportdems  breaking  upon request from top house/senate democrats  non-partisan government accountability office found  epa violate…
today is equal pay day  i m committed to fixing the wagegap and ensuring that all workers receive equal pay for equal work 
icymi  va clinic in mexico is first step in honoring the service of america s deported veterans 
you never know what you ll catch in the mississippi  this catfish  know as the  beast   weighed in at over 60 lbs 
that s why i teamed up with  bobbyscott   repbera  &  repsusandavis to introduce the simple fafsa act  aim higher…
wishing you a happy thanksgiving from me  my wife monica  and my girls sky and sage 
it recognizes the unique needs of these survivors & calls for research that draws attention to the disproportionate…
happy birthday to the  girlscouts  for the past 106 years they have been building strong leaders and inspiring conf…
very sad to hear that barbara bush passed away  my condolences go out to the entire bush family  you are all in my…
instead of kicking millions off their insurance and causing costs to skyrocket by repealing the affordable care act…
congrats to 2018 volunteer hall of fame inductee bill bradberry  former  nyshcr deputy regional director whose serv…
i don t want to see my grandkids have to stay inside because of smog alerts  which is where we will end up if trump…
the president considers firing the attorney general  deputy ag  and special counsel and the house intel chair consi…
do you have a passion for serving your community  we are currently seeking a field representative for our peoria of…
rt  mclyburnfcc  applaud  repannaeshoo   repyvetteclarke & 66 other members of congress for their letter in support of protecting the  fcc…
my bill with  repedroyce - the women s entrepreneurship & economic empowerment act - will make it u s policy to red…
rt  mabelvanoranje  productive discussion about endchildmarriage with  reploisfrankel who is a great champion for girls and women   care  …
the  housegop p r o s p e r act and trump budget have clearly abandoned the promise of the higher education act  congre…
rt  sahilkapur  centrist dem ron kind on taxes   quite frankly some of us are getting tired of cleaning up the fiscal mess that republican…
wishing my friend  repbarbaralee a happy 20th anniversary of her joining the house of representatives  your commitm…
yesterday  i spoke in opposition to the gop s balanced budget amendment  congress has the legislative tools it need…
rt  donaldnorcross  thanks   frankpallone  i agree 100%  we can t have a deepwater disaster off our shore  protect our coast
during  hhm  we celebrate the extraordinary heritage  culture & contributions of america s latino communities
today i had the honor of returning to my alma mater   chicostate  to talk with students and professors  it was a pl…
cute  hope maile had a great day at work with her mom 
after today s 3rd vote update  my opponent has conceded  thank you again to all julia brownley supporters in  ca26  
 hascdemocrats 2019 defense budget calls for  13 7b is science and technology budget  still falling short of what…
rt  senatordurbin  reason number 5 487 why scott pruitt must be fired  he s treating his agency as a personal expense account 
rt  repmarciafudge  my thoughts and prayers are with the students and their families in parkland  florida  we find ourselves in a place whe…
i really enjoyed sitting down with  qns to talk about my first year in office and the year ahead  there may be obst…
rt  marionmilitary  surprise  when you re nervous because the commandant asks to see you in his office but it s really a phone call from yo…
april 17  2007  the congress began assisting those transitioning from jails and prisons by passing the 2nd chance a…
personalmente dirigí un esfuerzo ante el comité de asignaciones  junto a otros 11 miembros del congreso urgiendo fondos para las ofi del fbi
republicans in congress created health care chaos  and now they refuse to take any kind of action to prevent consum…
my friend and former colleague  senatorreid has been a fighter his entire life  in the boxing ring or on the senate…
loyola ramblers   please take a bow  an awesome run and true display of class  ramblers
rt  nancypelosi    speakerryan &  housegop seem to have forgotten that americans will not stand for their attacks on medicare & social sec…
tragedy reported in  nyc   news to follow 
the full dod audit i voted for is now underway  this long-sought effort will help congress and dod make better fina…
i visited lyons township hs on friday to officially congratulate scott turro on being named the third district s wi…
  househomeland  repmccaul i am hopeful that law enforcement officials from the united states and mexico will marsh…
what a privilege it was to join  liuna in celebrating 100 years of hard work by  liunaminnesota roch m n local 405 l…
from the students protesting gun violence to the football players who take a knee to speak out for…
gop hope to pass their tax scheme before truth can catch up w/ their lies  no win for taxpayers 
understanding patterns of violence and what we can do to make our towns and cities safer requires a hard look at wh…
dear secretary zinke  california like florida  has hundreds of miles of beautiful coastline and a governor who want…
that is why i joined more than 150 of my colleagues in congress to support the scientific integrity act  which woul…
my staff will be in manville today for mobile office hours  be sure to stop by  you can find more information on ap…
this nativist  and quite possibly illegal  move will completely compromise the census and is designed to undercount…
in the last year  the trump administration has turned its back on tens of thousands of  tps  recipients from el salv…
rt  rep_stevewomack   today congressman steve womack- joined by  judgecarter   cathymcmorris   reprussell  &  sanfordbishop- introduced the…
thanks to all who came to our  ca15  town hall today at  arroyohs  your engagement and energy inspire me  and i m ho…
rt  waysmeanscmte  facts about tax cuts  - they don t trickle down - they don t pay for themselves the republican tax law leaves america…
we all need to be constantly reminded of how the misogynist-in-chief has spoken of women misogynist women metoo…
but at least that secretary in lancaster  pa got  1 50 more a week  right  speakerryan  g o p tax scam
rt  brhodes  beyond the potentially catastrophic consequences with iran  trump s decision is devastating to u s  credibility globally  afte…
during the hearing  i asked mr  chris jones from the  samhsagov about a bill  repguthrie and i intro d this week -…
the  nytimes editorial board does not sugarcoat it     ms  devos  eagerness to shill for those corporate interest…
under  mickmulvaneyomb  the  cfpb is refusing to enforce federal law to stop financial scams & abuse  evidently…
we now know companies & foreign entities were making cash payments to trump s personal lawyer  yet  housegop shrugs…
as a member of the congressional cut flower caucus  i will continue to fight to ensure that american grown flowers…
today marks 50 years since the death of dr  martin luther king jr  on this day we mourn the loss of this incredible…
click the link to view my message for black history month 2018  black history month  bhm2018 
celebrating one america
rt  fyiscipolicy    replipinski   nsf needs to make sure that the requirement won t chill investigations of assault for fear it might jeopa…
rt  iamdrlietz  students making their voices heard  congressman dan lipinski  replipinski taking questions from olchs students  olchsprid…
please join me   angelayee &  cbwgcaucus on monday  3/26 at 6pm at  newsatmedgar for i am an overcomer   nycfirstlady…
rt  winterhavensun  winter haven resident / alta vista teacher is one of several recognized by  repdarrensoto for national teacher apprecia…
on average  women are paid just 80 cents for every  1 paid to their male counterparts  for women of color  the…
statement on the irresponsible decision by  potus to recognize jerusalem as the capital of israel  -&gt 
in hour 6 of marathon markup for  fy19ndaa   offering a number of amdts  like increasing funds for aircraft maintena…
the family and medical leave act was enacted 25 years ago today   fmla  protections allow employees to take unpaid l…
we have known about the dangers of asbestos for decades  and many countries have banned it for good reason  it s pa…
rt  jstreetdotorg   if you re in a situation that s hopeless  you re the hope  the people in this room are the hope  in a dark time  you re…
get help with federal agencies at mobile office hours today  wednesday  may 9th  1 00-2 30pm  at acacia library in s…
rt  keikoveasey  thanks  keithellison for visiting barton open school in mpls 
rt  jeneeinkc   repcleaver thanks for the work you do to help change policy and reflect his vision - and your efforts in helping rename the…
after the tragedies we ve seen across the nation and in our own community  it s time to stand up and say enough is…
great to meet with members of  sustainableag  including  alba  and  ccoforganic to discuss the importance of support…
rt  maketheroadnv  rent control  ending 287 g  in our community  language access countywide  working family priorities such as paid sick le…
rt  natwicassoc   wic is in good hands   thank you rep   rosadelauro for your passion and hard work on the wic program s behalf 
rt  secnav76    secnav76 to  senwarren during  sasc  hearing   nps_monterey is a crown jewel  it s a research-orientated educational instit…
one of my favorite parts of this job is having the opportunity to meet with the residents of  ca17   if you d like t…
our  nationalguard fought for this country overseas but didn t have access to the g i bill until now  we re fixing that today 
in t&i hearing now discussing trump infrastructure plan  the more i hear about this  plan   the more i m concerned…
rt  alpunto   coeste   lorettasanchez  ¿por qué este rifle lo estamos vendiendo  eso es lo que el congreso necesita ver
rt  reprorights  thank you  repeliotengel for speaking out about the dangers of abstinence-only education 
pleased that the transcript from the  senjudiciary interview with the founder of fusion g p s is finally seeing the l…
rt  votevets  this picture explains how we have grown to over 500k veterans  military families  & supporters  anything missing here 
congratulations to jeffrey yu & sarah pethani  of roslyn hs  winners of  congressionalac house of code their app   s…
🔥
i was honored to kneel on the house floor in solidarity with american patriots protesting police brutality because…
rt  apa1906network  today we recognize brother charles l  haley [xi delta   85]  former american football linebacker…
bullets tearing through classrooms followed by images of terrified students and grieving parents should shock us to…
rt  malala  to every child - i dream of a world where you can laugh  dance  sing  learn  live in peace and be happy  world childrens day
rep  maxine waters asks justice department to investigate fake letter tweeted by republican opponent
are you a veteran  a current servicemember  or part of a military family  are you looking to transition to communit…
 wbcbowie  housegop i invite you to visit my district as well as communities across maryland that benefit from the acaworks
in its first six years alone  the  cfpb has held unscrupulous companies accountable and returned over  12 billion t…
the trump administration is rolling back rules put in place after the deepwater disaster at the expense of american…
we also must make sure that every little girl feels comfortable pursuing the career of her choice—especially in fie…
five years and over  3 million in refunds secured later  i am working as hard as ever to make sure our veterans rec…
decision by reddit to expose russian ira-controlled accounts and activity on its platform is the right move  the be…
important step by  nygovcuomo to restore voting rights for thousands of new yorkers  we must break the back of…
   remove military-type weaponry from our streets  but it ignores the existence of this epidemic in its entirety 
former jersey city mayor glenn cunningham dedicated his life to  making black history every day   as a police offic…
rt  repeliotengel  i had the privilege of visiting  burke_rehab with the  alzassociation &  nitalowey last week to talk about pioneering re…
today  i join over 1 5 million other americans in making the sandy hook promise to keep our kids safe 
loebsack statement on the congressional baseball practice shooting
county report shows closing community hospital in long beach would mean longer er wait times for lb and signal hill…
during womens history month thanks to  tb_times for recognizing the amazing legacy and leadership of environmental a…
we re recruiting a few good women and men 
today  we remember all 32 of the victims who lost their lives at virginia tech 11 years ago 
rt  greenforall  thank you  repcleaver for joining the call for  epascottpruitt s resignation  we couldn t agree more  it s time to boot pr…
rt  340bhealth    340b  hospitals have proven themselves to be efficient  effective  and an essential part of accessing care in rural and un…
kicking off our 16th annual congressional art competition today in douglas county 
massachusetts is a hub for innovation & progress  nih supported research contributed over 32k jobs in 2017 to our local economy
rt  karaswisher  from the excellent  repdianadegette  the epic   you re the ceo of the company  correct   also   we continue to have these…
the recently passed spending package will give wa  6 23 million to upgrade/replace buses & construct new bus facili…
scott lloyd should remember he s in charge of refugee resettlement not reproductive rights 
non-essential employees who live or work in new castle county are to leave for the day  essential employees are to…
rt  lcvoters    repmceachin   it s time to speak out and submit a comment on coal ash today  
voting rights act became law on aug  6  1965  making the right to vote a reality for many  we must protect this cornerstone of our democracy 
rt  markbcec15  was elated to hear  nydiavelazquez has helped fight against the trump agenda & restored many of the ammoral cuts to public…
we need to find ways that encourage & support the innovative work of companies like protein sciences that play a ke…
 learning to do  doing to learn  earning to live  living to serve  for 90 years  the  nationalffa has been helping…
wednesday in moorhead  i was joined by my good friend  amyklobuchar to visit with farmers  veterans  and students
an extraordinary milestone for an outstanding organization  thanks to the entire  cca_mass team for their commitmen…
rt  jake_hanrahan  member of congress  keithellison read our latest article on atomwaffen and wrote to us secretary of defense mad dog matt…
special counsel investigating special counsel  mueller investigation
these women are breaking down barriers and making history as the first enlisted female students at camp pendleton …
great panel today with  axios s  mikeallen and elections expert  rickhasen  the time to reform the vote is now 
rt  barackobama  there are few issues more important to the security of the us than the potential spread of nuclear weapons or the potentia…
the farm bill should include basic protections for farm animals for the safety of humans and well-being of animals 
polluting pruitt has proposed drastic budget cuts  epa programs that protect americans  health – all while wasting…
thanks  60minutes &  tb_times for shining a light on disturbing safety concerns with allegiant  this is a life or d…
we should not be handing power to major cable companies at the expense of public access to information  congress sh…
the fact that dick cheney - and donald trump - continue to brazenly advocate for torture while they associate it wi…
the reception was attended by outstanding community leaders who served as mentors to all of the student participant…
ms  smith goes to washington   great to get an update on the transformative  restore the gorge  and  dl&w trail  pr…
today  the 15th anniversary of the iraq invasion  has been marked by a couple profoundly important pieces of writin…
today  i questioned  epascottpruitt during the fy19 budget hearing and raised concerns about the reported elevated lead levels in chicago 
icymi congresswoman tsongas appeared on  radioboston yesterday afternoon with  wbur  s  meghnawbur   check out what…
epa administrator scott pruitt s actions are disgraceful  he has set a new low for unethical behavior & abuse of ta…
the austerity measures in the financial plan approved by the pr oversight board today will only exacerbate puerto r…
i welcomed california  machinistsunion members to my washington office today to discuss the importance of increasin…
rt  repdankildee  four years later  flint families are still recovering from the water crisis and having to use filters & bottled water  in…
one of the challenges facing congress is that people in both parties struggle to find common ground   repjimrenacci…
rt  principalcses  congressman jamie raskin recognized and honored dr  goodwin last night for his 43 years of service with mcps  including…
an accurate 2020census is critical to our nation  and the addition of an untested and damaging question about citi…
the g o p tax scam has been a boon for the big banks  we need tax reform that actually gives working families and smal…
it was a pleasure to join dr  carlos cardenas  dhr chief administrative officer  joe dalpiaz  veterans   
trump continues to degrade the presidency  his racist language attacks the fundamental  shared values we all seek t…
my family sends our thoughts & condolences to president bush & the entire bush family  many thanks go to the leadin…
i appreciated the students  willingness to share their personal stories and thank them for their continued advocacy…
with my volt act  we can strengthen our economy and help veterans find work   ne02 
rt  lasouthbaynews  manhattan beach and hermosa beach support ban of hydrofluoric acid from torrance refinery  on tuesday night  the manhat…
rt  officialcbc  today  we called on the senate to reject the nomination of kyle duncan to be a judge on the u s  court of appeals for the…
so that s why today  the bipartisan congressional caucus for women s issues will shine a light on the issue by host…
based on the current rate  women s wages won t be equal to men until the year 2119  one more day of pay inequality…
rt  oversightdems    repcummings   allowing trump administration political appointees at dhs to block the ig from delivering his report to…
*and will be one of the largest corporate giveaways in state history at nearly  4 5 billion guess making up for yo…
rt  louforward  red hot ribbon cutting  congrats to  redhotroasters on its 2nd location adding even more flavor to butchertown 
rt  activetrans  we went to the national bike summit in wash  dc to ask our reps to invest in walking  biking & transit  big thank you to  …
listen- we can t afford to shortchange our students  the fact that secretary of education betsy devos is unable to…
 ryanpoe  lindaanita one of the  if not the  best in the 70 s haney and butcher had great j…
happy mother s day 
rt  oversightdems    repcummings  that rationale is also difficult to believe because the trump admin s record on voting rights goes in exa…
town hall reminder  i have two town halls tomorrow  the first one is at 1 00 p m  at the dodgeville city hall and t…
good to briefly meet with mohammad bin salman this evening  the crown prince of saudi arabia 
this is what a 2 200 page bill looks like  we saw the text of the omnibus for the first time last night and are bei…
  repgosar why would you do such a thing   as  repjoecrowley said - what s wrong with you 
great to see iowa s own sal giunta on the field of super bowl2018 for the coin toss  sal is a medalof honor recipie…
thank you to all the talented contestants in this year s congressional art competition and congratulations to the wi…
appreciate the commitment of president  emmanuelmacron to protecting our environment and fighting climatechange  w…
fletcher henderson  jr   the father of  big band jazz   was a talented pianist  conductor  arranger  and composer b…
always nice to visit some of my friends at the west hartford senior center  we spoke about social security and my b…
you re on   repcarbajal  repanthonybrown  fy19ndaa 
thank you  whip hoyer  thankful for your leadership 
rt  votevets   trump is ours   - prominent russian journalist olga skabeeva
8  the bill creates a new tax loophole for millionaires by lowering top rate on pass-through income …
rt  reptimwalz  the annual bipartisan minnesota congressional delegation hotdish competition always brings out smiles 
today at 1pm est  i will join  defendourfuture for a twitter chat about climatechange  environmentaljustice …
the joint committee on the organization of congress has only been used three times in the past 100 yrs  read …
rt  janelageorge  a woman s ability to control if  when  & how to have children is central to her well-being and econ  security  reploiscap…
rt  housedemocrats  this morning   repjeffries  repcicilline   repzoelofgren   repsarbanes  and  repjayapal  called on congressional republ…
rt  teamsters  solidarity  keithellison  teamsters792
this is welcome news  my colleagues and i on the friends of ireland caucus sent a letter to president trump just ye…
the federal government will shut down tonight at midnight if the senate cannot find the 60 votes necessary to keep…
president trump s utter contempt for the rule of law was clear in his disturbing attack on special counsel s invest…
tax day just got worse  to pay for tax breaks for the super-rich in the g o p tax scam  house republicans are already…
every student should have access to a well-rounded education  and a safe  engaging place to learn  fowler middle sc…
more stormy weather in the world  president trump alone bears responsibility for the consequences of this dangerous…
the  touretteassn works to make life better for all affected by tourette and tic disorders by promoting awareness a…
during my thoughtful meeting w/  federalreserve chairman powell yesterday  i was reminded of esther 4 14  for who c…
i m shocked and saddened to learn the news of the passing of my dear friend and colleague  louiseslaughter  a fierc…
rt  repanthonybrown  what happened in flint can t happen elsewhere  we must ensure our water is clean and safe to drink  the trump administ…
five years ago  a gunman shot and killed 20 little children and six adults at sandy hook elementary school  i am st…
diversity makes us stronger and that s why i stand with the  hispaniccaucus to call for d i v e r s i t yin t e c h 
loved seeing shirley chisholm represented in the halls of harding elementary  shirley was the first african america…
wonderful to meet with  fwd_us and these men and women today from ca to hear their stories and why a permanent solu…
there are many kinds of natural disaster that can impact our islands  because of their level of devastation or freq…
rt  repraulgrijalva  peddling conspiracies of  secret science  and climate change denial should disqualify anyone from serving at epa admin…
rt  edworkforcedems   read  ranking member  bobbyscott and top democrats urge  nlrb to protectworkers right to due process in mcdonald s ca…
no  mr  president  the fbi investigation began when it was discovered that the russians had secret discussions with…
president trump s decision to deploy the national guard to the border is an ill-conceived  unnecessary stunt that i…
another example of why the house must pass my scientific integrity act  all federal agencies need clear and specific…
my dear friend rep  louise slaughter  who passed away last month  first took interest in politics to save a grove o…
gop budget leaves  millions of americans…worse off  – tiny tax cuts  or tax increases   huge public service cuts 
ne and ia veterans are close to receiving a new va medical facility  i am honored to have bipartisan support on thi…
thankful this thanksgiving for a extraordinary amount of blessings   1  mom 85   in a few weeks home/ex-gang members
we re working together to ensure teachers receive all the support they need to shape the next generation  our legis…
 otd  in 1988  vice president george h w  bush won the presidential election  beating michael dukakis  every vote counts
we must do more to support and defend american unions 
 hawaii  veterans & families  beginning june 1  your va card will no longer grant you access to  tripleramc be sure…
i have introduced a bipartisan bill to spur innovation in key areas critical to combating climatechange  the leg…
thank you  thatjaybartow ~ my door is always open 
today  i spoke at the norwegian-american defense conference  50k folks in wa-02 claim norwegian ancestry  my famil…
trump has called the  bls_gov unemployment statistics  fake  19 times  tonight he will cite those same  bls_gov st…
rt  elizlanders    vp pence is wheels up from orlando  florida and headed to st  croix this morning ✈️✈️✈️
excited to announce my support for  rachelreddick  she s fought for victims of domestic abuse and served our countr…
huge tax overhaul deserves public hearings w/ administration witnesses and independent experts to answer questions …
i successfully incorporated  fy19ndaa  amendment to explore expanding  hacking4defense in support of dod innovation…
rt  ksutkowi  homes  places of worship  schools — those should be places of safety  especially for our children stopgunviolence  repjoecro…
we re hearing from  az09  businesses about the challenges they face   allstate is bringing hundreds of good-paying j…
to the men and women who serve our country here at home and abroad  happy military appreciation month  i am forever…
 now you understand just why my head s not bowed  i don t shout or jump about or have to talk real loud …
rt  reploisfrankel  equal pay day recognizes that women must work 3 extra months just to earn the same pay as men  closing the gender wage ga…
  repdannydavis  more must be done to bring back our girls  4 years too long
republican representative thomas massie is right  republicans  balanced budget amendment is a political stunt after…
shimon peres fought tirelessly for freedom--not only for jewish people  but for all  his legacy & spirit will insp…
how can you attack immigrant children and dreamers in a way that is just plain mean and heartless 
rt  allisonsherry  w/  collinpeterson at  anheuserbusch malt plant in moorhead  doesn t smell as good as i hoped 
rt  repseanmaloney  proud to announce a  3 6 million investment for westchester county buses with  repeliotengel and  nitalowey 
i strongly disagree with  potus s proposal to use the u s  military on the southern border  at a time when there ar…
so glad i that the chance to meet you and the rest of the  nassspine delegation this morning
today s festa do espírito santo in hilmar - from the cultural & religious traditions  to the delicious food  to en…
it is important to understand the seriousness of  realdonaldtrump s continued threats aimed at the special counsel …
puerto rico suffered a major disaster that will only get worse without immediate and robust relief efforts  1/8
thank you viking chemical for stopping by the office during their visit to dc  it is always great to connect with a…
sharing a cold one with white house 2015 national medal of arts recipient santiago jimenez  jr  at the rinconcito d…
rt  janschakowsky  my friend and colleague  repjohnyarmuth had these pins made for all of us who received an  f  from the nra  i ve never b…
great celebration of family today at take your child to work day  and i see two members of team clark   brookescannell
at 1 00 pm  sbagov will host a free webinar on how the u s  economic outlook will affect small businesses  sign up…
holding public-safety   hostage to an extreme anti-immigrant agenda is wrong  & only undermines critical work local…
rt  demsespanol  ya pasaron 6 meses desde que el huracán maría devastó a puerto rico  esta mañana  los líderes demócratas organizaron una m…
senior scams are prevalent & dangerous  i hope you can attend the resource fair i m hosting on saturday w/ ca insur…
thanks to the more than 12 000 member professional firefighters of massachusetts for the endorsement today 
rt  repbarbaralee  here in memphis  tennessee with my good friends  jacksonleetx18 &  repbobbyrush  we re here to honor the life and legacy…
it was an honor for congress to welcome  emmanuelmacron to the u s  capitol today  france was america s first ally …
rt  fcnl  thanks to  replipinski and  repjohnfaso for introducing the challenges and prizes for climate act of 2018  this bipartisan bill w…
rt  clefoodbank  thank you to all our wonderful speakers today and a very special thank you to  repmarciafudge for hearing these important…
1 year ago   housegop passed trumpcare  while they didn t succeed in turning it into law  they ve managed to under…
2008 financial crisis cost us ms of jobs & homes lost  & ts of   in household wealth  congress enacted protections to prevent repeat  1/
there are so many problems w/ this tweet  one  there are 6 6 mill jobs available for skilled workers  two  the…
click here to watch my interview with  chrisjansing on  msnbc today 
today the house will consider h j res2  an embarrassingly hypocritical proposal to add a so-called  balanced budget…
it would be incredibly irresponsible to weaken safety protections for mine workers when it s so clear that we shoul…
startling reality of gun violence in america  more than 2 262 people have already been killed by someone using a gu…
 housedemocrats  realdonaldtrump  repjimmygomez  repgutierrez  repjerrynadler  repcummings  repjayapal…
i posted a new photo to facebook
today   unmc was awarded  20m for a national training center to treat infectious diseases  statement …
rt  repmcgovern  this is outrageous   housegop delays vote to prevent govt shutdown so they can join  realdonaldtrump at a political rally …
today  senator feinstein and i applauded this development and called on mtc to act urgently on an additional crossi…
también felicito al equipo de trabajo de vivienda fed en puerto rico  hudgov por ganar el premio a la excelencia en el servicio al cliente 
jetblue has made long beach their home for many years  and they have been a good corporate citizen  on friday  i wa…
rt  repkclark  i will never forget watching as the  housegop celebrated passing trumpcare – a vote which caused families across the countr…
it s like they want to be caught   
so  i will not let my colleagues in either party rest  for now  every person who has daca should renew their daca…
since taking office   realdonaldtrump and  secretaryzinke has prioritized expanding offshore-oil-drilling and weake…
 alyssa_milano me too
rt  thebkreader  during  healthfirstny s annual women s history celebration   repyvetteclarke and fdny deputy chief boyd will be recognize…
if you or any of your relatives in pr/usvi need any assistance please contact my office at 219-795-1844 
encouraged to see the senate judiciary committee approve legislation to protect the security of the mueller investi…
  epascottpruitt  you avoided answering our questions  blamed your actions on staff & failed to explain your slopp…
rt  hascdemocrats    it is appropriate that president trump has expelled russian diplomats in response to an apparent attack using chemical…
rt  abc  rep  jerry nadler  any move by pres  trump against mueller probe  would appear to be the actions of someone who knows he is guilty…
pleased to meet with members of highland high school s  girlup club  appreciate your great advocacy and support for…
the republican agenda in a nutshell  protect the 1% at the expense of working families 
the south brooklyn marine terminal will be revitalized and will bring hundreds of well-paying jobs to sunset park …
rt  cnnsotu  good morning  today on  cnnsotu  w/  jaketapper   kellyannepolls   royblunt   repadamschiff   ricksantorum   pattisolisdoyle   …
we know that russia targeted at least 21 states in the lead-up to the 2016 elections  we also know moscow will be…
rt  srl  a florida federal judge wants trump s voter fraud commission to answer some questions about status of voter information it collect…
while the five-year f a a reauthorization bill could have been better at protecting passengers and facilitating airpo…
are you subscribed to my enewsletter  you can sign up here 
proud to stand w/reps  jerrynadler  jacksonleetx18&  housejuddems to introduce new bill to guard…
rt  solarindustry  bipartisan bill  supported by  seia  seeks to repeal trump administration s solar tariffs   rep…
rep  louise slaughter was truly one of the best human beings i ever met in my life 
 bhm  spotlight  army medic clarence eugene was awarded the medal of honor for treating wounded vietnam soldiers ami…
america s teachers hardly get the support they deserve  this teacher appreciation day  let s commit to honoring them…
the white house s plan to fund a wasteful wall with money from the defense department threatens our military readin…
three hours left in giving day  support the amazing nonprofits doing so much for us  go to
that s all the time we have  thanks to  nwlc  ladepthealth  nationalcouncil &  aarplouisiana for all the valuable info  askthe experts
today is holocaust remembrance day  it is a day to honor the millions of innocent lives taken during the holocaust …
my thoughts and prayers are with the people of barcelona after today s awful terror attack  we stand with you 
happy easter to everyone celebrating today 
the administration s attempts to scrub climate references from government data is profoundly dangerous  overruling…
the third-place piece   golden hour   by sarah sherman of east providence will hang in rep  cicilline s pawtucket o…
i m closely monitoring the situation in princeton and praying that this comes to a peaceful resolution 
rt  secafofficial  great to see you 
enjoyed discussing college affordability  immigration    lacrosse  w/ members of the  umdsga from  uofmaryland…
rt  christianespin7  thank you for your leadership  repbradashford senate approves legislation paving way for new 136 million omaha va ht…
ensuring equalpay for equal work is essential to the health and strength of our economy  when women succeed  our n…
know a college student looking for an opportunity to learn more about state government and gain some valuable exper…
rt  amandalscottdc  getting out the vote for  brownformd and  vanhollenformd 2 days before the election   maryland_first
happy 68th birthday to the  nsf  my code like a girl stem bill would create new nsf grants that will fund programs…
8 years ago the deepwater disaster oil spill taught us unforgettable lessons about our fossil fuel usage  as reside…
i am heartened to see we are awarding merit and performance in selecting our first female infantry officer 
rt  jrosenworcel  this document is historic  it s the discharge petition filed today in the senate to force a vote to overturn the  fcc de…
rt  kclsjohnsheller  thank you  repjayapal for meeting with library constituents at national library legislative day 2018   nlld18 
welcome to ca   potus  where we celebrate diversity  innovation & activism  we believe in climate change  dreamers …
what an honor it was to be on hand for the naturalization ceremony of 145 of the newest u s  citizens here in louis…
proud to have supported the osha grant for the finishing trades institute of the mid-atlantic  which will be addressing workplace hazards 
rt  gcuagov  what a fantastic hikethehill group  thankyou  repdavidscott for meeting w/georgia creditunions last week  we appreciate you…
may is asian pacific american heritage month  a celebration of the history & deeds of our asian american & pacific islander  aapi   community 
this is what democracy looks like  stand up – speak out – be counted  your voice  your life and your safety matter…
for tamara s selfless service  i was honored to name her woman of the year in napa county  click to read this artic…
👇🏾get covered
it s imperative that we bring awareness to this issue to ensure that our family and friends living with parkinson s…
 rep  stephanie murphy  a florida democrat who helped secure the education dollars  said in a press release the fed…
great news   transformational 
new time  join us tomorrow  3/23 at 1 p m  for our math and science lecture series at yvonne a  ewell townview cent…
yesterday taxpayers stood up and spoke out against republicans lining the pocket of their donors by any means neces…
just a few days left in womens history month  who/what should i add to my  whm2018  playlist on  spotify  🎧🔥
rt  repcohen  the president is not above the law the country as it has been for about 230 years is in the balance …
 jamberstone1  keithellison  repbrady  repdwightevans i m already a proud co-sponsor
startups create jobs every day in our own backyards  join me in recognizing their innovation on startup day 
these proposed cuts would devastate the health & well-being of some of the most vulnerable patients  damage the hea…
really enjoyed meeting with  usgao comptroller general gene dodaro  it s hard to overstate the importance of the wo…
rt  johnkasich  a true leader preserves & offers hope  doesn t take hope from innocent children who call america home  remember  today is e…
i commend  bmore_healthy and  public_citizen for working to combat the skyrocketing price of naloxone  it is time t…
learn the myths and facts about strokes today  stroke month read more 
not even officials in the trump administration can defend cutting medicaid – the single largest source of funding f…
pruitt spend *three million dollars* on security and travel in his first year  triple what his predecessors did  p…
happy international womens day  as we recognize the sheroes and trailblazers who fought for equality and our rights…
very grateful to the local leaders who shared their perspectives on the future of southern minnesota at our regiona…
i m not sure what a lot of this means  but i do know that stephen hawking will be sorely missed  he helped explain…
though we made progress in the spending bill on improving the background check system and researching gun violence …
congrats to victoria orphan  a geobiologist &  ucsantabarbara alum who just received a genius grant  amazing work
a student was injured in a shooting at forest high school in ocala today  it s 19 years to the day since columbine…
rt  bluestarfamily  welcoming  cathymcmorris and  sanfordbishop to the b s f survey launch and reception 
our bipartisan  energycommerce investigation uncovered that drug wholsalers flooded wv  other areas w massive amts…
thanks  jacksontkatz for joining our hearing  your perspective on engaging men is invaluable in this discussion  to…
rick antle believed that the best fertilizer a farmer could ever use was his shadow  rick s love for his family  hi…
rt  megburrow   coaches and team doctors must make athletes aware of the dangers of opioids before issuing prescriptions  - rep  josh gotth…
rt  morningbriefing  on the farm bill  repdankildee said the  sweet spot  focus  should be on giving people ladders to get out of poverty  …
yet again  america is looking at another budget deadline  it s time for the  housegop to put an end to their addict…
rt  repjerrynadler  read my statement following notice of  repgoodlatte s proposed subpoena of  thejusticedept for comey memos 
sessions resumes immigrant legal advice program under pressure from congress - cnnpolitics
the rising cost of cancer care and heathcare in general is a serious challenge for many families in our community …
this is troubling  we must never forget  holocaust remembrance day
a mind to work  
the trump administration just launched another attack on science  jeopardizing our clean air and water rules  we n…
rt  repjayapal   housejuddems  repjohnconyers rep  conyers asked yes/no questions  • is it common in a democracy to use the justice system…
rt  mormonlakefire  our community dodged the bullet today due to the quick actions of the  coconinonf  please  do your part and put defensi…
rt  abbysmithdc    reppaultonko pulling no punches in his questions  he asks if pruitt was aware of the raises give to certain staff  pruit…
during police week18  we recognize the sacrifice of law enforcement & their families  as the father of a deputy she…
congratulations to the proud graduates of  thepeftoday  leadnv_edu family learning program  clarkcountysch
 realdonaldtrump skips funerals for victims of mass shootings  didn t commend james shaw  the good guy  without a g…
a mind to work  
rt  yourbarriofl  at the vamos4pr press conference and rally with  repdarrensoto celebrating…
  realdonaldtrump is focused on helping create jobs in china for a company that threatens us national security  dem…
rt  thehill  democrats introduce bill to overturn net neutrality repeal  have the votes to pass it
rt  housedemocrats   replindasanchez  yesterday was tax day  but americans know they aren t getting a fair deal from the republican tax bil…
on international womens day and every day  let s push for greater female empowerment  stand up for women s rights  a…
as chair of the cbc health braintrust  let me assure former sen   ricksantorum that cpr doesn t work for a victim w…
we need to keep the american dream alive for dreamers  i march to tell my colleagues  let s get to work 
read more about my better deal plan here⬇
tomorrow is national prescription drug take back day  safely discard unused medications at a collection site nearby …
congress at your company tour of  thepennyhoarder right in the heart of downtown st  pete -- helping folks save money 
barbara_ bush taught her children well  don t tell lies  please and thank you treat others as    be gracious  do yo…
thank you  copyrightoffice for inviting me to celebrate women creators at world i p day  more women creators will ens…
his most recent decision to end needed federal assistance to help reduce out-of-pocket medical expenses will directly increase costs    2/
today   repmaxinewaters and i sent a letter to various congressional committees urging greater use of diverse asset…
we need an immediate hearing on the dc va medical center  we owe it to our veterans to not only address these probl…
so great to be part of the trailblazer series this weekend with so many young girls in compton  they are indeed th…
having a great time celebrating cinco de mayo at various community events in las vegas  happy cinco de mayo celebra…
enjoyed the discussion on broadband access and other policy issues with local businesses at the  hborochamber this…
 ppact provides countless women w/critical health services  the gop plan to defund it is outrageous  time to get on…
i posted 8 photos on facebook in the album  veterans signage at valley baptist 
my gop colleagues  inability to make progress on keeping our communities safe from gun violence just because they d…
this month  we recognize the long history of the asian american and pacific islander community in nevada  i m excit…
need to renew a passport or apply for a new one  visit ct s passport agency event that s happening march 2nd thru m…
rt  lcvoters    realdonaldtrump s unpopular rollbacks of utah national monuments were awful and have national implications  check out this…
last week  our protecting veterans credit act unanimously passed the  financialcmte  we ll keep working until it be…
  secretaryzinke and the blm reinstating mining leases from 1966 in superior nf is a direct attack on the boundary…
interview  my thoughts on the latest with– - north korea talks - why withdrawing from the iran deal jeopardizes th…
rt  joyannreid  really big government  the trump administration wants a government bureaucrat to decide what snap recipients eat  parents w…
thank you  replawrence & the congressional caucus for women s issues for inviting me to your hearing today  it was…
rt  bmhspride  representative marcy kaptur presenting to the government classes today  thank you so much for coming  repmarcykaptur
last night i attended the inauguration of huntington s newest elected officials  best of luck to  chadlupinacci and…
need help  my staff will be at the elk grove library on tuesday from 10 00 am to noon to help you with backlogged v…
rt  nulpolicy  we cannot allow this citizenship question to pit communities against each other  we all have a stake in this fight  we must…
rt  boldglobalmedia  bold t v asks  who do you admire from across the political aisle   w/  tedlieu  fivethirtyeight s  jodyavirgan  staceyp…
i m so proud of women and our allies around the country and the world  who made a statement yesterday  we will not…
as me and  repsandylevin have made clear  labor rights in mexico is not an issue that can be sidestepped  it is the…
 history will judge societies and governments — and their institutions — not by how big they are or how well they s…
rt  thebeatwithari   will the republicans in the house finally develop a spine and stand up to a president and be willing to defend  the ru…
including a citizenship question on the 2020 census is a political attempt to suppress participation  this dangerou…
now in the house oversight & gov t reform committee hearing calling for answers on the impact of the new tax laws o…
rep  cicilline is hosting a senior resources fair on may 3rd at the east providence senior center to highlight serv…
equifax s first data breach compromised financial/personal data for 145 million americans  exposing them to identit…
congratulations  sorocknh for receiving special recognition and a stipend from  niaaanews for this creative psa on…
fattah moment in congress - 3 billion / energy/ philadelphia s traffic signals turn green – greenworks philadelphia
please pay attention to first responders and the news  for up to date information  follow  hawaii_ema…
in uniontown  in lowndes county  and across rural america  i am fighting for clean water and wastewater treatment -…
rt  energycommerce  watch live  full committee hearing with facebook ceo mark zuckerberg →
over her career  the typical aapi woman loses at least  292 400 to the wage gap  in some states  the situation is much worse  a a p i equal pay 
today s delta jewel is mrs  katie m  richardson of tunica  mississippi  mrs  richardson survived the february  5 19…
  miketanney need to increase investment in small biz   renewable energy  improve aca to keep costs down ask julia  ca26 
from its inception  the goal of  carverbanknyc was to foster community growth by providing local residents a place…
 ty  chief ryan & the  arlingtonmapd for your dedication to solving the opioidcrisis & serving as a nationwide exam…
and this morocco trip  where administrator pruitt did little official work and veered well outside the scope of his…
i wouldn t be where i am today without my mom  feliz día de las madres to her and all of the other hardworking latina…
 fcc net neutrality means consumers — not massive corporations — choose what websites we see and what applications…
release the real memo 
last year i filed an amendment to prevent trump using    for our troops to build his dumb wall  house gop secretly…
rt  oversightdems  breaking   repcummings and  staceyplaskett obtain new documents showing  fema failed to respond to  emergency requests …
we need to protect everyone s fair and equal access to the internet  proud to join 149 of my colleagues to block fc…
i have the greatest respect for vice president biden and for the important work he has done for the american people  thank you 
our team at the california department of justice is reviewing this latest  realdonaldtrump move and will continue t…
rt  mnfarmbureau  rt  amberdhanson   mnfarmbureau pres   kevinpaap is with rep   collinpeterson to present him w/ friend of farm bureau tha…
la alternativa a esta medida es el caos 
it is our job to make sure that federal resources are directed to accountable centers that care for our children s…
may is military appreciation month  this month  & every month  we honor & thank those who serve our great nation  ea…
trump said  daca  is  dead  but as a result of nationwide injunction we secured  at least 30 000 dreamers who have…
we still have work to do to ensure that these former members receive the fair treatment that they were denied before  dadt  was repealed 
i m incredibly honored to announce that i will be the next co-chair of the  prochoicecaucus with  repdianadegette …
i posted a new photo to facebook
it s national small business week  show your support for america s small businesses & learn how to help spread the w…
170 school shootings since columbine in 1999 17 lives lost in parkland enough on wednesday  40 schools in mai…
we had thousands of americans who went without the help they needed because these guys had no idea what they were d…
this week  kencalvert and i listened to testimony from native american leaders from across the country about tribal…
i enjoyed celebrating national ag day with  robert_aderholt and  senjohnhoeven  usda 
take a look at what they re saying about el paso s successful environmental effort to permanently protect castner r…
to no one s surprise  massive tax cuts do not pay for themselves  gop is putting more    in the pockets of those wh…
last week  i had the honor of joining  gopleader to host members of congress for a tour of  holocaustmuseum s new e…
thank u  billnye for being a voice for science & our planet  sayfie  hispaniccaucus  audubonfl  sierraclubfl…
the key to a good protest march is good signs and fashionable eyewear  borrowed i promise march for our lives
today s indictments against 13 russian nationals for interfering with the 2016 election underscores the importanc…
our local businesses employee thousands of people and contribute in the community  support smallbiz & think local…
sexual harassment and abuse have no place in any work setting  whether farm fields  movie studios  corporate boardr…
today is p t s d awareness day  ptsd is not a sign of weakness and symptoms can be managed through treatment…
rt  cnn  if president trump fired robert mueller   that would be the beginning of the end of his presidency  because we are a rule of law n…
rt  repyvetteclarke  i m here on behalf of the newly formed tech accountability caucus in which i serve as a co-chair with my colleagues  r…
 icymi   gabbard s securing america s elections act earns support from  commoncause
happy valentine s day  as co-chair of the congressional sugar caucus  rep  virginia foxx and and i wrote this op-e…
on this yom hashoah we remember the six million jews and the millions of others who were murdered in the holocaust …
rt  housedemocrats  small businesses and family-owned businesses are the backbone of our american economy   repjuanvargas visited one of so…
reminder  taxes are due april 17th  if you repaired a crumbling foundation or will – learn about impt tax relief th…
rt  juddapatow  this administration is evil  it is not just corruption  and the entire  gop supports all the ways they are cruel  immigr…
keep the questions coming  please submit qs to ask julia or askjulia juliabrownley com  ca26 
my statement on the passing of the legendary reverend dr  frederick d  reese  he will be dearly missed …
our kids will lead the way  the energy behind this march will be powerful  our community will join with communities…
i m sorry i won t be able to attend the  cyberpatriot awards ceremony  but my sincere congratulations go out to all…
rt  germienyc  ty   repdarrensoto for calling for the h f anow to ensure workers have access to paidsickdays no matter where they live or w…
icymi  sgt  la david johnson is our hero 
members from my team have interrupted my work repeatedly today  demanding that i help them raise funds for our cong…
i just published  me too congress w  rep  jackie speier 
great to meet with charles miller  superintendent for the john swett unified school district to discuss what we can…
thank you to  umasslowell professor kate tyndall for inviting me to speak to both sections of her  psychology & wom…
as a proud co-sponsor of the paycheck fairness act we must it as part of the solution for equal pay  but we also nee…
icymi  interior secretary zinke gave many reasons why maine should not be included in admin drilling plan in approp…
when the tv cameras are turned off  the radical right wing whispers their orders in the president s ear and he fall…
 nra president oliver north  i ve got news for you  the stoneman douglas high school students and others like them…
i m proud to introduce legislation  the we work act  to hold the trump administration accountable for how it is imp…
assad must be held accountable for his horrific use of chemical weapons on his own people  but we don t put our tro…
fattah moment in congress / architect of the american opportunity tax credit  good for pa families via  thestreet
today the house finally did its job  we passed a long-term budget w/ vital funding for our military & essential gov…
rt  catholicconfil    replipinski greets principal mary stokes at   stchristinascl in   archchicago for catholic schools week 
rt  aarpca  thank you  lorettasanchez and  alanlowenthal for cosponsoring r a i s eact   iheartcaregivers
rt  repalgreen  congratulations senator elect  gdouglasjones on this inspirational victory for decency over bigotry  with this win  let s t…
while the irandeal is far from perfect  iran is in compliance & the deal is working by preventing iran from acquir…
sitting down to discuss the need for civility and how to disagree without being disagreeable  in focus ohio
happening soon  an amendment i introduced with  repfredupton to keep nuclear waste out of our great lakes will rece…
hillary almond  as a small business owner  with eight employees  i have to ensure eight families are taken care of …
on international womens day we honor the many achievements that women have made but also realize how much more work…
rt  dinatitus  here at march for science las vegas congratulating  clarkchargers vex club for winning 2nd place at the state robotics tourname…
congratulations to  des_linden on becoming the first female american runner to win the boston marathon since 1985  …
are you a current or soon-to-be college student  or parent  i m partnering with  usedgov to host an information ses…
the opioid crisis is devastating too many families in oregon and across the country  on monday i ll fly back to dc …
a busy day in the district yesterday  visited dix hills jewish center to meet members & recognize janna zikhal for…
new price tag for border wall =  18b  gop calling for  1 6b down payment  dems must hold firm  zero dollars  noborderwall notapenny
i support the protect and serve act because i am concerned by the number of ambush-style killings of law enforcemen…
it is deeply regrettable that today s decision will damage our country s credibility as a negotiator  our relations…
shout out to students at crestmont elementary for their warm welcome today   thank you for making me feel at home i…
a few weeks later it was reported that pruitt had spent some  68 000 in taxpayer funds  just on first-class flights…
huge thank you to mlb youth academy  usa baseball  and the major league fund for inviting me to throw out the first…
   que conllevó el aumento más grande en nuestra historia en fondos para el programa de la tarjeta de salud en pr
 thread  i am excited to announce the 2018 congressional art competition finalists for solano county and contra costa county   1/4 
rt  sensherrodbrown  yesterday  the senate once again sided with special interests and wall street instead of homeowners  students and work…
rt  nickalbares   reprichmond  nometrealtors very few small business owners pay the top tax rate  86% of them already pay tax rates at or b…
as the proud uncle of a young man with autism  i m spending this world autism awareness day promoting acceptance for people with autism 
as a chief of police  i knew there was no way to accomplish the mission with severe staffing and budget shortages …
rt  foxnews    cbrangel   i am for one man  one vote   tucker
on holocaust remembrance day  we honor the six million jews and millions of others systematically murdered by the na…
the  surgeon_general will also join us to give opening remarks  see you soon 
i toured the northport va this morning  take a look at this video  they have a plan & things are moving forward  al…
happy to come out and support the northport chamber of commerce at their annual luncheon   ny03 
so great catching up with darla king of king business interiors at the  fpconservatory s hat day 2018  great hats a…
though we still have many questions on why this injustice happened in the first place  i welcome the news that fath…
this tax day remember  speaker ryan once bragged about handing a stunningly paltry tax cut of  1 50 per week to wor…
time for you to weigh in  house gop unveiled their tax plan  tell me what you think about it in my latest survey …
get covered before it s too late  the open enrollment period when you can sign up for health insurance ends this fr…
rt  seniors_league  check out this month s congressional corner from  repcartwright  medicare  50 years strong  htt…
rt  heardonthehill  rep  takai takes it to lee  hoyer in roll call bracket  alexgangitano
thank you   marjoriedecker  for your leadership to keep massachusetts families safe from gun violence
infrastructure week is an opportunity to address repairing & strengthening the nation s roads  bridges  highways an…
rt  hispaniccaucus   we believe the adoption of the rooney rule is a particularly important proposal for the company given that  amazon is…
 ames_simmons  tsa  transequality absolutely 
proud to intro the climate education act w/  repsheaporter &  senmarkey to create a new grant program that will hel…
i would like to wish a happy hanukkah to all my friends in the jewish community 
team peters joined  211sd for their annual connections luncheon to celebrate the community information exchange sum…
plastic trim international s investment in iosco county will help to create hundreds of good-paying jobs  mid-michi…
rt  catalinaschool  congratulations to sum yue guan  19  who took 3rd place in the 2018 congressional art competition  her winning piece wi…
rt  energycommerce  another reason the g o p tax scam was not for the middle class  double digit premium hikes  republican a c a sabotage is cri…
rt  msnbc  rep  garamendi   rudy giuliani is a loose cannon 
 officialcbc  homelanddems  tougaloocollege  jacksonstateu thank you 
joined  rise2030 &  kraftheinzco to help package meals for mozambique this morning  a world without hunger is possi…
i m encouraged by the release of americans detained in north korea  i commend  secpompeo for his efforts  diplomacy works 
rt  repjerrynadler  today   housejuddems  jacksonleetx18  repcohen wrote letter to  repgoodlatte to demand action on mueller protection bil…
on teacher appreciation day i reflect on the hard work and dedication my wife gave to her students as an algebra tea…
rt  reprichardneal  you can t upend the tax system without creating serious problems – & we re already seeing the g o p tax scam creating many…
major reason behind gop pulling  ahca  today  your calls  emails  letters  tweets    don t let up the pressure  don t stop paying attention 
and then there s this 
today i joined my colleagues in signing a discharge petition to force the house to vote on the protecting our democracy act followthe facts
we have also learned since that numerous senior officials on his campaign were having meetings and contacts with kr…
meeting with tribal leaders and discussing the need to save bears ears and protect our federal lands …
last week  i voted to keep the government open because i stand with federal employees and families in my district …
rt  mobilemed9309  support from community leaders  repraskin   mocodhhs &  mococouncilmd is vital to our shared mission to increase compreh…
rt  housebluedogs  last year  for the first time in u s  history  the national debt surpassed  20 trillion  this issue was notably missing…
jae wilson of bayonne  nj  is  making black history every day  with acts of kindness for those in need …
happy monday  i can t wait for another year of beautiful artwork from student artists in district9  interested in…
rt  ohiomuseums  museums are essential  we join  aamers in thanking  repmarciafudge for signing on to this year s  us_imls office of museum…
rt  irsnews  urgent  irs provides an extra day for taxpayers to file  pay their taxes following system issues  file by midnight  april 18 
rt  smalluavs   the use of drones is surging  -  usdot deputy secretary rosen  uasipp 
tonight  as delawareans light their menorahs for the final time this season  i wish you all happy hanukkah 
good luck to all those running the boston marathon today 
everything about this headline is awful  pruitt previously reported the cost of his mysterious trip to morocco as…
today   12  i will speak on the house floor on behalf of tens of thousands of north carolinians who oppose the gop…
thread  1/3   there s still much work ahead of us  but i want to send a huge thank you to everyone who came out to…
i m glad my amendment to restore a  471 million proposed cut to nasa s earth science program was adopted  the earth…
rt  hispaniccaucus  we will be following this case closely  for now   dhsgov has 90 days to explain why the  daca  program was terminated  i…
tonight i pray for the victims  the families and the loved ones who lost someone in today s senseless act of violen…
had a great meeting with members of  uaw local 887  among the issues we discussed was my bill h r  3827  the end ri…
rt  bnuppereast  dysfunctional politics need not be frustrating  former congressman  repsteveisrael joins author  nelsondemille to discuss…
rt  senatorhaywood  weekend recap  making awesome things happen in the west oak lane section of the district— 400k for home repairs  thanks…
congrats to the napa valley agricultural preserve on their 50th anniversary  did you know it was the 1st agricultur…
our team joined  phxvahealthcare for their mental health awareness month resource fair  we ll keep working to provi…
on 5/9/17   realdonaldtrump fired  comey  because of the trump/russia thing  - in that year  5 of  potus s cronies…
please see my latest floor statement on impeachment 
this is a new low   housegop wants to impose a gag rule on women s health providers – prohibiting them from even ta…
discussed policies related to energy  trade and infrastructure during  ibew local 41 pres  matt hilmey s visit to d…
rt  60minutes  students are calling for change after the parkland shooting  a group of survivors of the shooting at stoneman douglas high s…
 tgowdysc  epaoig   epaoig  an independent investigative office  actually expressed a need for a significant increa…
rt  repbonnie  very grateful that  benniegthompson could join our meeting as well  we have called on dreamers to come out of the shadows a…
proud to have joined with  repcummings in this effort 
rt  repjoecrowley  the trump administration s decision to forcibly separate children from their mothers on the border is despicable  this …
i m standing with the  uf community against discrimination  hatred  and bigotry  tomorrow is a day to show the powe…
 ronwillyes 🙄
one of the groups that i met today brought a few  whataburger gifts like a keychain and water cup  which i was grat…
scott lloyd   hhsgov official -gets weekly spreadsheets with info on pregnant women -illegally disobeyed court ord…
with trump in the oval office  we need more in congress with the experience to lead on national security   as the…
today  i met with  shalomdelaware to discuss the important bond between the u s  and israel  as well as my recent t…
attention all high school artists in michigan s 12th district  we re currently accepting submissions for the 2018 c…
going on now  i m hosting a south jersey roundtable on gunsafety w/ glotwp &  washingtontwpnj students  school adm…
glad to be joining this important discussion on the disease of addiction  watch live now  opiod crisis…
it s important that you vote today  click here to find your polling place  and remember the polls close at 8 pm   ca26 
many thanks to the wilmington neighborhood council for your service and everything you do to bring residents toget…
i toured the awesome roxy theater yesterday in bremerton  it reopens march 2nd and that s going to be great for dow…
his answer was   yes  
i just received this petition with 2 746 signatures from constituents urging congress to save t p s and protect our n…
rt  abcpolitics    repjerrynadler   the president apparently thinks he is the state  and that an attack on him is an attack on the country …
did you know that you can still sign up for health insurance through december 15  our office is here to help- it s…
now you care about the dreamers mr  president  six months after throwing their lives into chaos  is this a cruel j…
tune in to cspan or watch online to watch the house debate and vote on my va bill  chip in for vets act 
we need to be shutting down for-profit prisons  even though our country already runs the largest immigrant detentio…
rt  capitals  for the first time in 20 years - your washington capitals are headed to the eastern conference final   allcaps 
i ll be hosting a panel discussion with sdsu about the current situation in north korea on saturday  april 21 at 9 …
bravo to elizabeth salwitz  a junior at gunn high school and all the students who withstood the rain on monday morn…
the facts continue to pile up against the g o p tax scam 
rt  thirdwaykessler  stabbed in the heartland  trump tariffs devastate soybean farmers  says  repcheri  qctimes
we need to protect the arctic for future generations  using the g o p tax scam to open up drilling in the arctic refuge…
rt  kylegriffin1  the daily beast says it can confirm that michael cohen received hundreds of thousands of dollars from a company controlle…
rt  repadamschiff  russian social media campaign sought to hurt clinton  help trump & sow discord  all ads must be released  a sample  htt…
nineteen years ago was a dreadful day  since the shooting at columbine hs  we have almost become numb to gun violen…
cuts to  snap  hurt the most vulnerable members of society  our children  taking food away from children and familie…
as the family of sandi love mourns the loss of their beloved wife  mother & grandmother  south jersey mourns the pa…
today i filed the don t tax higher education act with  repbyrne  read about the bill here 
this womens history month   i will be highlighting great women across louisiana who have made la a better place to w…
rt  whiphoyer  fact checking the  sotu   president trump says we re restoring our standing abroad  politico reports that a gallup poll says…
federal interference in cannabis legalization should never have been an option to begin with  president trump shoul…
rt  evanmcmurry    reppaultonko   at this point  we must ask if the inspector general will have the resources needed  to investigate multip…
donald trump is putting  1 trillion on america s credit card and expecting working families to pay for it  remind m…
what she said 👇
if i don t go to the state of the union tomorrow  it wouldn t be an act of protest --- it would be about whether or…
today s lunch with local latino leaders covered a lot of ground  including our work on protecting dreamers  securi…
i m proud of the students who are making their voice heard and making a difference in the fight for action to preve…
republicans invited small business owners & experts to testify before congress & when asked about the g o p tax scam …
maybe he should ask a scientist or two what they think 
it s time to build  infrastructure projects consistently have the highest returns on investment  together we can to…
rt  eshupin  thanks  repmcgovern for speaking at  projectbread s walkfor hunger to help make hunger history in massachusetts 
rt  newsradio930    repbrianhiggins standing at the base of the skyway calling on  nysdot to address congestion and traffic flow during br…
rt  ames_simmons    repbonnie we totally agree that  tsa needs to expedite  gender-agnostic on-person  screenings  we know ppl who are tra…
the united states must respond decisively to the syrian government s heinous chemical attacks on its own people  we…
rt  repjoecourtney   12 7 million in unclaimed refunds for ct taxpayers who didn t file in 2014 are due to expire on april 17th  special th…
rt  reparrington  today  i introduced  along with my fellow freshmen colleagues  repbrianfitz    reprokhanna   repgallagher   repgonzalez …
happy national milk day  for generations  dairy farming has been part of the fabric of maryland communities and an i…
cuts to  hud  and increases in rent lead to more of our neighbors becoming displaced and homeless  i will continue t…
by withdrawing from the  jcpoa   president trump is either ignorant of the history of us-iran relations  or is delib…
join me by leaving your own comment against this new trump-pence rule that would make it harder to access & afford…
stronger background checks are widely supported  including by 69% of nra members  78% of gun owners not part of the…
congress needs to reverse the fcc s repeal of netneutrality  i ll be cosponsoring the house version of this resolu…
rt  joyannreid  the only principle that seems to be at work in trump pulling the u s  out of the iran deal is that if president obama did i…
just this weekend  we learned that a special provision to benefit real estate investors such as donald trump was ad…
i stand with  ohiofoodbanks  congress must protect s n a p 
last week s tragedy in parkland was the second-deadliest shooting at a public school in u s  history…
i introduced an amendment requiring the white house to tell congress how it ll protect against foreign influence on…
rt  donnahowardtx  sorry i was unable to join you  thanks for rallying  tcdp to get out the vote 
the jobsand justice act is a major step forward in our long struggle for equal access to economic opportunities & p…
when students graduate college  they should be focused on the exciting prospects of a new job  not mountains of deb…
thank you  toyotapolicy for stopping by my office to discuss jobs in the inland empire  the 35th district is proud…
for years  republicans across the country have been redrawing district lines and robbing americans of their voices …
la ley promesa es una de las legislaciones más importantes sobre el tema de puerto rico que el congreso haya jamás aprobado 
i m proud to have one of the largest & most active internship programs in the u s  house of representatives  it doe…
rt  ttdaflcio  three airlines have begun taking steps to address the harassment and abuse their flight attendants face regularly  but that…
my statement on trump s decision to abandon the iran nuclear deal   with this decision  we have witnessed yet anot…
dr  king s legacy must live forever  as we celebrate his life and remember his untimely death  there is still work…
our brightest moments are made possible by investing in the education of our children  with a better deal  we can li…
the core american challenges of race relations  justice  violence and opportunity for all cannot be met by the igno…
so much for drain the swamp  83% of the benefits from the g o p tax scam go to the wealthiest 1% of americans 
barbara bush was a remarkable woman  an inspirational figure  she was equal parts compassion  grace  and tenacity …
space weather events can cause great damage to our infrastructure and our economy  that s why i m working to better…
earlier today i met w/indian prime minister modi  our countries relationship is based upon shared values  & has nev…
the  downtowngrowers market is in full swing until noon  team m l g had a head start  farmers market keep it local
rt  jesselehrich   in some cases  rental payments for some of the neediest families would triple 
 housegop voted to take health care away  while they celebrated  families across the country panicked wondering how…
one of my favorite things to do as a member of congress is meet with teachers and students in the inland empire  th…
rt  officialcbc  hbd   gkbutterfield  d-nc-01   the former judge is a strong advocate for civil rights & voting rights  in college at  nccu…
no surprise – massive corporate tax cuts are going towards enriching shareholders  not raising wages 
millions of americans work in jobs that didn t exist ten years ago  ten years from now  millions will be working in…
 tx33-i  hope to chat with you today 5 00-6 30 pm for my congress on your corner at tom thumb in dallas  this is yo…
brightline305 has arrived  miami  enjoy the ride and most important  be safe 
🦆🦆🦆
deporting honorably discharged veterans is shameful and illegal  it s disgraceful that our government is failing to…
rt  gracenapolitano  the passing of congresswoman louise slaughter leaves a tremendous void  not only in congress  but among her family and…
democrats are working hard to put an end to the trump shutdown – just like we tried to keep it from happening in th…
the trump administration is letting payday lenders who abuse middle class families off the hook  americans deserve…
what an honor  thank you  networklobby for your tireless activism 
after a gunman took the life of a police officer  indiana passed legislation that gives law enforcement a tool to g…
rt  teampelosi  ❌  pryan & gop are pushing for tax increases on middle class ✅ democrats want to give americans a better deal ⬇️
5 action steps you can take this week 
rt  roslehtinen  no american  no matter their sexual orientation or gender identity  should be prohibited from honor   privilege of serving…
join us to circulate petitions this week and take a direct role in your democracy  sign up below 
rt  aisisteel  steel caucus urges  potus to defend american steel during visit to china  reprickcrawford  repvisclo…
this attack on  senjohnmccain is disgraceful  senator mccain served his country with honor in uniform and it is unf…
rt  nasajpl  🎥 extra  extra  time travel to 1958 with vintage newsreel footage of explorer1  america s first satellite celebrates its 60th…
that starts with restricting widespread civilian access to military-grade assault weapons 
rt  repadamschiff  breaking  gop just shut down house intel investigation  leaving questions unanswered  leads unexplored  countless witnes…
north jersey farmers know i m here to fight for them  thank you to the sussex and warren county farmers who joined…
it s time for beleaguered epa administrator to resign  or be fired  drain the cabinet
let s just say it   realdonaldtrump doesn t care about our troops  he doesn t care about our debt  he only cares about his own ego 
  senatedems are forcing a vote to save the internet  i m proud to support a similar bill to restore net neutrality…
i have been a long time advocate for a properly funded & fair 2020 census   realdonaldtrump & his administration ha…
mark your calendars  our may town hall is all set for friday  may 4th at 10am at the el paso community foundation r…
it was great to meet w/ our bright students & dedicated faculty at  fpu  our young people are the future of our…
nice to see  jaysieling out in the new york mills parade this friday 
rt  nancypelosi  it s been a long time coming  time to vote 
rally this morning for go before you show campaign launched by the stamford cradle to career partnership  women wh…
today is the deadline for salvadorans to renew  tps  for another 18 months  more information 
i m in full support of my colleague  repwilson 
wishing all iranians in the ninth congressional district and around the world a happy persian new year  i hope ever…
my full statement on the passing of barbara bush   barbarabushfdn
rt  repdonbeyer  scott pruitt s time at the epa now sounds like the last days of richard nixon in the white house  this is not sustainable…
live on periscope  proud to join  vp   senatorreid and  nancypelosi to call on  housegop to do your job 
on international womens day2018  we celebrate all the incredible women who have fought for our rights  equal pay  &…
happy international women s day  today  we celebrate the trailblazing efforts of so many women who made our society…
rt  foothillprez  ty  repannaeshoo for your letter of encouragement to our students  they read it during the national walkout day last week …
rt  repmceachin  it s tax day – which means my republican colleagues will be talking up the g o p tax scam until they are blue in the face  ju…
it was an honor to present them with a flag flown over the u s  capitol in honor of the disabled american veterans…
  danaperino  good talking with you earlier 
our legislation would make consistent investments in critical water and wastewater infrastructure a priority for ou…
 lisasarro  ezralevin  helpthe99ers  repseanmaloney  maddow  thelastword  repandyharrismd  indivisiblemd we talk of…
 indiana didn t let politics get in the way of action  the rest of the nation should follow indiana s example  t…
pleased to see my 100% food policy action score  i m proud to vote for anti-hunger  pro-nutrition policies  www foodpolicyaction/scorecard
rt  mentornational  thanks to the 83 u s  house representatives led by  jimlangevin &  repwilson for signing a support letter for increased…
team titus is at the 15th annual southern nevada education conference hosted by  alzassociation  nv  end alz
our health and the environment are paramount  and we must do everything we can to protect them  i m proud to have…
rt  usgsvolcanoes   hvo/ usgs  volcanic activity notice for kilauea  steady lowering of lava lake at summit of kilauea volcano has raised…
president trump s rhetoric at the  sotu  tonight unfortunately does not match reality  unity and strength in our cou…
trump s decision to pull out of the iran deal is dangerous  shortsighted  and will make america—and our allies—less…
today   chrisvanhollen & i introduced the assist socially disadvantaged & veteran farmers and ranchers act of 2018 …
the priorities americans want to see addressed  pensions  protecting d r e a mers  health care for kids  etc  aren t c…
the world has lost a literacy and cancer research champion  rest in peace first lady barbara bush 
stock market collapsing  retirement accounts in jeopardy  infrastructure crumbling  have you had enough of the trum…
robotics programs are a great way to promote  steam  learning  and i m thrilled to see more of them coming to ri  so…
rt  reptimwalz  2 million people will have their access to food threatened if the  housegop passes their hyper-partisan farm bill  that s…
rt  votevets  our military has been spending their 4th of july on the dmz since 1953  if you can t take it please resign 
rt  alzga  thank you to  sanfordbishop s macon office staff for meeting with  alzambassadors michael dinkins today regarding b o l d alzheimer…
rt  newsradio930  still stuck on the skyway   repbrianhiggins
so far  at least 19 women have come forward to complain and allege that president trump had committed acts of sexua…
 potus  s attorney michael cohen funneled more than  4 million through a shell company— including payoffs from a ru…
i m with  repdankildee in michigan for a future forum visit with apprentices & students at  deltacollege in bay cit…
tune in now ➡️ facebook live press conference on supporting or military families and preventing deportation of vete…
this is our future  i am so proud  national walkout day
had the honor of serving with senator akaka over the years at joint va committee hearings  he was a true public ser…
a piece of south sound history rediscovered - 6 000 miles away  congrats to  paulgallen & the crew of the r/v petre…
 openletterbot i m a proud cosponsor of the bill that will protect the special counsel from any interference and b…
great to join neighbors  friends  and students for the 2018 wyckoff education foundation 5k race and family walk 
it s been 6 months since president trump set an arbitrary and shortsighted deadline for congress to act on  daca   s…
pm netanyahu made clear why we need the iran nuclear deal  jcpoa   we know the iranians are not our friends  we kno…
i have written a letter to the justice department calling for the sinclair merger to be rejected outright  it is si…
last week  gop released their partisan farm bill that cuts billions from nutrition assistance & would pull the rug…
house democrats focused on good-paying jobs/strong economic growth  trump focused on making china great again  you…
attention employers and job seekers - save the date of march 22  10 00 a m   at southlake mall for information on g…
rt  usvirginislands  postal service continues sunday pickup and delivery efforts in usvi ahead of cyber monday  usv… 
the  aca  we know today wouldn t have been possible w/o  cecilerichards   nancypelosi & the women of the house & sen…
very excited by news of dol s final rule barring fed  contractors from discriminating in employment on a person s lgbt status equality
a fitting tribute to jim hamre  who inspired us all with his passion for passenger rail
i had an excellent discussion this morning with matthew bromberg  head of  prattandwhitney military engines  p&w en…
this week  i traveled to stonecrest library to inform constituents on how to file their taxes for free  with the he…
yesterday  the house veterans  affairs committee passed bipartisan legislation i co-authored to allow veterans who…
rt  robreiner  he s frightened to show up at a dinner that celebrates the 1st amendment wh correspondents   he s not wanted at an evening t…
rt  cheddar    reprubengallego says it s nice that john boehner and other former members of congress are having a change of heart on legal…
and what a run it was  congrats to  johnbeilein and  umichbball on an incredible season and an outstanding  ncaa  to…
rt  repdonbeyer  scott pruitt is now being investigated by the house of representatives  senate  white house  office of management and budg…
americans deserve answers from facebook and better protection of their personal data  watch live as my…
museums like the  hbstowecenter in hartford  ct protect our heritage and history so that we can learn from the past…
today i joined  kbtctv to highlight my work on tackling the opioid crisis and making sure people in our region have…
rt  foe_us  for the past 40 days  news reports have sent us on a rollercoaster of scott pruitt s unethical behavior  wasteful spending and…
i voted no on the omnibus  we were given just 16 hours to review 2 000  pages and  1 3 trillion in spending  we we…
i voted  no  because this bill spends  1 6 billion of american taxpayer money for a border wall that trump promised mexico would pay for 
in rules cmte tonight  trying to get the mcclintock-polis amendment added to the short-term government spending bil…
maryland members of the  lwv  lwvmd sat down with team dutch s kendall today to discuss gunsafety legislation  ha…
he s in one of the top movies ever  and he s a dreamer  bambadjan bamba s plea   we re being forced to make a choic…
rt  demsespanol  la falta de un presupuesto adecuado es el principal impedimento para reconstruir nuestra infraestructura  desafortunadamen…
i am honored to be among the speakers who will join with the student leaders  this is their event and we are here…
join me and  repalbis tomorrow evening at the east haven senior center for a conversation about how the gop tax pla…
happy birthday   girlscouts  thank you for 106 years of empowering young women 
last night  i signed a discharge petition that  with enough signatures  would force a vote on a bipartisan bill to…
your voice matters  after 100 000 comments in 30 days in opposition to increasing the entrance fees at some of the…
my full statement on ag sessions  announcement today 
rt  houseadm_dems  voting rights voter empowerment act  repbrady & dem leaders reintroduce the voter empowerment act  read about it here  ht…
wonderful tour of  tabletalkpies in worcester today with owner  harry  and the hardworking team  always proud to s…
the g o p tax scam leaves middle class families in minnesota behind  meanwhile  the top 5% of earners in our state rec…
within the last year we ve had hundreds of mass shootings  including the deadliest mass shooting in us history  so…
i m hosting my second students speak town hall in trenton this saturday  i want to hear more from the brilliant y…
rt  officialcbc    mayorlandrieu &  reprichmond  gop  double taxation scheme  leaves  cities & communities of color behind  g o p tax scam htt…
rt  repjerrynadler  read my statement on the  fbi executing a search warrant for  realdonaldtrump s lawyer  michael cohen 
the gop tax bill slashes education benefits by  64 billion  like those helping grads pay off debt g o p tax scam…
rt  defendourfuture  good afternoon  i m sakshi hegde  a freshman at  asu and a proud defend our future intern  defend our future act on clim…
a free and open internet is crucial for innovation and economic growth  senate democrats are one step closer to for…
i strongly condemn the violent acts of racism and bigotry by white supremacists in charlottesville  prejudice has no place in our country 
new  i introduced legislation today to protect anyone with a federal loan from unwanted robocalls and texts  specif…
new on langevin hits the rhode  i visited the davinci center in providence with  senwhitehouse for a community conver…
rt  msnbc  mueller  is not going to tolerate any nonsense  the worst thing for rick gates right now would be to agree to cooperate  but the…
the gun show loophole allowing for the private sale of firearms without a background check is unacceptable  congres…
with a bittersweet end to the ncaa women s basketball tournament  i want to congratulate the  uconnwbb and geno aur…
rt  edworkforcedems   read  ranking member  bobbyscott s statement on president trump s executive order to cut benefits that support workin…
happy earthday  instead of denying climate change exists  congress should lead and act on climate  as co-chair of…
proud that in the current congress i am ranked 2nd out of all 435 members when it comes to independence 
rt  govmurphy  convened a bipartisan meeting with our state s congressional delegation this afternoon in dc  we must work together to fight…
it is important that we continue to coordinate with allies  including england and france  to address this situation…
european jews are experiencing increased anti-semitic harassment  according to the kantor center for study of conte…
a mind to work   how a coma made a young man suddenly speak fluent spanish
today  nygovcuomo signed into law the nys democracy protection act  a state version of the honest ads act  congress…
the memo released by the majority on the house permanent select committee on intelligence is a blatant attempt to p…
inspired by what i m seeing today  fight on  march for our lives
the  lgbtq  community has made huge progress in the past two decades thanks to incredible activists like ellen degen…
after adding  2t to the deficit with the g o p tax scam  congressional republicans and the administration now want to…
  uscis is inviting the public to naturalization information sessions   uscis  officials will discuss the…
 bhm  spotlight  judge al bennett is a federal judge for the united states district court for the southern district…
rt  donaldnorcross  it s been 8 years since the largest oil spill in american history  i cosponsored the safe c o a s t act to help protect ou…
proud to introduce the tip act with  repkclark to protect workers from having their tips stolen by their employers 
the trump administration s move to politicize the 2020 census isn t just wrong  it threatens funding for transporta…
today we remember her and the 6 million men  women  and children killed in the holocaust for the  crime  of being j…
this is deeply troubling  the president s actions mirror those he could carry out in the private sector with not ev…
thrilled to be hosting my favorite event of the year   when i grow up     at  genentech  energizing to see so many…
killing the iran deal will further inflame tensions in an already volatile region  embolden iran to begin the produ…
     as mergers thin the ranks of businesses  workers have fewer options when they look for jobs  that reduces thei…
a7  i am not impressed  to say the least  by rolling back environmental & public health safeguards  it s clear that…
 each time a woman stands up for herself  without knowing it possibly  without claiming it  she stands up for all w…
today is giving tuesday  a global day encouraging philanthropy  join  participate and celebrate the season …
 facts are stubborn things  and whatever may be our wishes  our inclinations  or the dictates of our passion  they…
eid mubarak  i send my warm greetings to muslims across the country celebrating eid ul adha  eid of the sacrifice
rt  cbsnews   [president trump] cannot make us believe in one speech that he will change his character  this man has no good values   rep …
proud to join my colleagues to roll out our technology and innovation agenda to give our entrepreneurs and students…
america s strength is in its diversity  the immigration framework put forth by the trump administration is a conti…
we must fight every day against the steady attacks on environmental progress 
i stand ready & willing to fix our broken tax system - but not   the cost of hard working wisconsinites  watch here 
that s why i m a proud cosponsor of the paycheck fairness act  which helps close the wagegap by providing workers w…
i m organizing a letter to  ajitpaifcc from as many members of congress as i can get to sign it  urging the commiss…
rt  repdankildee  four years later  flint families are still recovering from the water crisis and having to use filters & bottled water  in…
yesterday  i urged my colleagues to support the protect and serve act  i spent 27 years in law enforcement and had…
on november 8  1966  ronald reagan was elected governor of california  your voice matters
yesterday  alyssa alhadeff would have celebrated her 15th birthday  instead  friends & family unveiled her headston…
thanks to  daca  1000s of young immigrants have been able to come out of the shadows to work & study  we can t turn…
 jeffnuccimixes thank you for your message  i agree that we need to take action to address gun violence in our comm…
last week i voted for additional emergency funding for fema to respond to the recent hurricanes and i will do all t…
on law enforcement appreciation day we honor the incredible public safety officers who rush into harm s way each day…
rt  bekind2themind  when we work together  we can find shared solutions to address our community s mental health needs  thank you to  repto…
today  i served as the ranking member for the  edworkforcedems subcommittee hearing on association health plans  i…
 i urge my colleagues to honor the senator s legacy by committing to bipartisan leadership and civil discourse but …
rt  epilepsyaz  great first  tsu2018  meeting this morning with  reprubengallego thank you for listening and helping to bring hopeforepilep…
our ambassador to new zealand   senscottbrown  usambnz  came to my office today  we discussed china  north korea …
this year  congress increased federal funding for head start  something that i was proud to fight for  i will conti…
rt  senfeinstein  another mass shooting  reportedly another ar-15  my bill to ban assault weapons is ready for a vote  how long will we acc…
rt  satrazurita  it s a great day in compton  shout out  comptonbulletin &melina cervantes 4 the great coverstory  comptonechs girlsbuildl…
took part in a bipartisan panel this morning with  repleezeldin at the 24th annual long island economic survey bre…
very pleased to talk to seniors in  cityoffc about what s going on in our community and our country 
divorced from a broader peace process  relocation risks more violence between israelis & palestinians  i urge the a…
happy manatee appreciation day  say hi to manny  marjory  mike and anna maria  they greet everyone who comes to vis…
for this week s magic monday  i want to feature gwang cheol kim  the magician who performed for moon jae-in & kim j…
rising drug prices are a key concern for millions of american families  today  president trump had an opportunity t…
rt  officialcbc  cbc chairman  reprichmond signs our 1 300-page jobs and justice act of 2018 after a press conference on thursday  may 10  2…
rt  normeisen  have now read and analyzed nunes & schiff memos  can come to only 1 conclusion  nunes  gop leaders  & trump intentionally li…
for a president whose own staff & appointees have referred to him as ignorant  stupid  & whose own sec  of state ti…
if you re innocent  act like it  for president trump  the best way to prove innocence is to answer the critical que…
rt  repstephmurphy  the students of marjory stoneman douglas returned to class today for the first time since the parkland shooting  what…
wishing you and your family a very happy thanksgiving 
that s why i voted against h r  38 
today we unveiled a commemorative chair in the us capitol in honor of american service members who  in the course o…
i joined my colleagues in asking the  fcc to delay the vote on net neutrality 
rt  datafordonkeys  somerville voters - send one of our own to the us senate  vote for mike capuano  polls open until 8  masen
this is what competing in the future economy looks like  and it s great to see more opportunities for growing a bus…
  realdonaldtrump must come to congress to obtain a new aumf  present a clear set of objectives  & ultimately hold…
rt  repjuanvargas  if you are willing to give your life for this country  you have earned and deserve u s  citizenship   uscis is making it…
right now  you can still apply to renew your daca  if you meet the requirements to apply for daca renewal  you shou…
rt  davidhogg111   speakerryan would you please please please allow a vote on universal background checks  if not  why  allow the vote
  lungassociation just released their state of the air report which found 4 in 10 americans live in areas with unheal…
rt  pspartnership  a huge thank you to our congressional delegation for their incredible bipartisan support of a sound worth saving   repden…
i m keeping the first lady and  potus  in my thoughts this week  wishing  flotus a quick recovery 
 hr1673  would also end water issues like you see in flint  detroit  and oakland county 
it was a pleasure meeting with the texas higher education coordinating board to discuss the higher education reauth…
the  fcc caved to special interests and repealed net neutrality  i m proud to support legislation to…
always remembering our  nasa heroes who lost their lives in the pursuit of scientific discovery & space exploration 
some of my colleagues like to brag about the maple syrup produced in their states   looking at you  repjoecourtney…
rex tillerson will go down as one of the worst secretaries of state in history  leaving us isolated on the world st…
it was great to see so many young people eager to learn more about our nation s u s  service academies last night …
on world a i d s day   we remember those we have lost to hiv/aids and honor their memory by recommitting to end a i d s2030 
students have the right to be heard and the right to be safe when they go to school each morning  i m impressed wit…
must-read national story about the world-renowned vermont sugaring industry  vermont sugar makers have sustained ex…
rt  abc   these tantrums are more than merely the online musings of a passionate viewer of fox news   rep  jerry nadler says of pres  trump…
rt  nancypelosi  no matter how you look at it  the reality is that the billionaires first tax plan will explode the debt   cnnsotu 
trump s  epa is more concerned with protecting its own image than with protecting our health  boot pruitt
with oregon s incredible attorney general  march for our lives p d x
this woman may well have deserved a ticket  but no one deserves the physical or verbal treatment that the officer u…
it takes everyone working together to make sure our local businesses can keep growing and hiring  i am excited to s…
rain or shine  we won t stop fighting for a woman s right to the truth about her medical options  end the lies…
i hosted a medicaid buy-in roundtable to bring together  nmlegislature and healthcare policy experts to assist nm i…
thx to my constituent colleen and advocates from the national down syndrome society   ndss  for meeting with me abo…
joined my  energycommerce colleagues to unveil 3 proposals to combat robocalls  last year  an estimated 18 billion…
time is running out for south jersey high school students to submit their masterpieces for the 2018 congressional a…
today is national beer day  we d be remiss if we didn t celebrate the great breweries here in  ma3   battleroadbeer…
investing in local transit projects & infrastructure critical to pnw as traffic congestion in region increases …
trump goes to davos  having insulted many of the world leaders there  to tell them to put  america first   apparent…
i m determined to do everything i can to protect our democracy  american families  seniors and our veterans  this b…
rt  voxdotcom  twitter users in texas and tennessee were particularly susceptible 
thanks to the  dsmpartnership for hosting their annual breakfast to hear from the iowa delegation   dmdc2018 
honor  rebuild  never forget september11
wishing a happy birthday to my friend   rephanabusa  thank you for your leadership as ranking member on  nrdems sub…
1  your wall is the opposite of everything san diego stands for and san diegans know it s a waste of money that wil…
couldn t agree more  which is why i m a cosponsor of  hr676   the expanded & improved medicare for all act  and have…
thanks to the people in south jersey who have been stopping by my district office to discuss gunsafety  today  we…
i had the pleasure to attend walpole s town meeting tonight  thank you town moderator dan bruce for allowing me to…
this morning i joined national walkout day to fight to end gun violence  i d rather pass a bill  but until…
as president trump becomes increasingly unhinged by the investigation into his activities  he could attempt to fire…
thank you to all of the students from  ca44  who participated in this year s congressional art competition  i look fo…
two grandmothers  eleanor and brenda  and the mother of our grandchildren  tiffany  loving mothers day  happy mothe…
on a recent visit to westfield i stopped into pilgrim candle  it is small family-run businesses like these that i…
congratulations to san diego native desiree linden on becoming the first american woman to win the boston marathon…
rt  oversightdems  reps  goodlatte and gowdy have spent their time on repeated investigations of hillary clinton emails and holding sham h…
teachers take on the responsibility of educating our youngest generations  our future leaders  and our children  ea…
this will not just affect salvadorans  but also their u s  citizen spouses and children  the american employers and…
rt  repstevestivers  in honor of the national week of conversation  the co-chairs of the civility and respect caucus  the honor and civilit…
rt  newshour  watch   when users  data is mishandled  who is responsible and what recourse do users have  do you bear that liability    rep…
rt  sarahfunes  with one of my favorite members of congress  repmikehonda
rt  moaflcio  tomorrow  join us and other missouri workers as we go door-to-door to talk to other union members about right-to-work  prop a…
according to the american association of university women  at this pace women will have to wait 100 years to earn t…
the government spending bill included funding for a key report that will help tribal communities lead efforts resto…
it could more affordable than you think to get covered on be sure to take a look before…
to all those celebrating  i wish you a restful  fulfilling  and very happy easter 
had a great visit to the cornerstone foundation in vernon yesterday with shelter director brian flint  the shelter…
yes  realdonaldtrump we need to empower law enforcement to respond to red flags  so it s time for  speakerryan to s…
i ve cosponsored a resolution to censure  realdonaldtrump for his hateful & racist  s---hole  comment about haiti &…
planning a visit to dc  we can help you and your ohana schedule tours of the us capitol  library of congress & more 
the trump white house has announced it is dismantling the cfpb office that protects students borrowers from fraud …
happy to see the great work being done by  carsonfootwear  these folks design and manufacture each shoe to order  b…
rt  repdonbeyer  yet another reason scott pruitt shouldn t be at the head of the epa  this administration has taken step after step to give…
the farm bill used to be a bipartisan piece of legislation  but now it has turned into an attack on families in ame…
rt  repesty  you see 7 000 pairs of shoes to represent 7 000 children killed due to gun violence since sandy hook  i see 7 000 birthdays  h…
rt  repteddeutch  if a russian banker with strong ties to the nra laughs in the face of investigations into russian money in our elections …
rt  umairfan    lisamurkowski to  epascottpruitt   i m being constantly asked to comment on your housing  security  and travel    i do thin…
last week  we announced a preliminary agreement to expand the port of wilmington  the proposal includes  -more th…
we helped az nonprofits find grant funding at our national endowment for the arts grants workshop  couldn t make it…
rt  repmaxinewaters  the men & women of the  cfpb fight to protect consumers every day  we can t let trump ignore the law and congress by u…
best of luck to the  vvechsyisd science bowl team at this weekend s  doe_sc_nsb competition 
rt  energycommerce  medicaid work requirements and lifetime caps are unlawful   repjoekennedy questions  secazar about the administration s…
shout-out to edward-elmhurst health  one of the largest integrated healthcare systems in illinois  for implemente…
climate change is already impacting south florida  denying settled science won t solve the problem  we have to take…
michael cohen and the end stage of the trump presidency we are watching real time the end o…
earth day
  realdonaldtrump  it s not a witch hunt & it wasn t  a guy sitting on their bed who weighs 400 pounds   it s rea…
exciting news for  ca33  baseball fans   dodgers stadium will host the  mlb all-star game for the first time since 1…
tragic news coming out of sutherland springs  i m praying for all the victims  this cannot be our new normal- congress must act 
we are on our second day of the  energycommerce sub health hearing on combating the opioidcrisis  we are examining…
rt  talkpoverty   we know that this program saves lives  we know that it nourishes people  we know that everyone on this program—from the f…
proud to be a member of the  af_academy board of visitors  welcome to d c   lt  gen  silveria  afa superintendent 
rt  vtstateparks  love this time of year -- open window season and all the trees are waking up  these pics from branbury state park   vt   v… 
starting now  suffolk county executive  stevebellone forum on big guns  great turnout 
proud to deliver this week s democratic address focusing on the need to stopgunviolence & the amazing…
congratulations to the tejano center for community concerns for receiving a  124 500 grant from neighborworks  this…
withdrawl from climate agreement is latest gop act of willful collective ignorance 
i have long-supported congressional efforts to reaffirm the armenian genocide and have joined my colleagues in send…
wonderful to visit barre senior center for coffee with congressman mcgovern  every voice matters and i m proud to…
this mental health month  we must breakthe stigma around mental illness  i will continue to support legislation that…
discussed the changing landscape of insurance & how policy can keep up with  namic members
rt  housedemocrats  today  we pay tribute to the rich heritage  culture  history  and contributions of the mexican american community  happ…
rt  repbarbaralee  heartbroken to hear of the passing of my friend and mentor  louiseslaughter  who i loved dearly  louise was a trailblaze…
rt  drdenagrayson  ⁉️but her emails⁉️ instead of investigating trump russia🇷🇺  trump-bootlickers judiciary chair  repgoodlatte & oversight…
it is disgraceful to see  secretarycarson partake in such extravagant displays of wealth  while countless milwaukee…
we ll miss  barackobama at 1600 penn  inspired a nation of diverse people and lead us through one of the most trying times  farewell obama
will be speaking about new protections for casnter range this morning at 10 30am mt in el paso – follow along here…
rt  staceyabrams  thank you  rev  jasper williams and the congregation of  sbcatl for welcoming me to salem bible church this morning  prou…
stay safe  new yorkers  today s winter storm is causing hazardous conditions  some important resources 
thanks to these incredible young advocates for making the case that students deserve high-quality after school prog…
rt  wrcommission  the consequences of family separation are clear and the urgency for policy change cannot be dismissed  now is the time to…
  potus trump s ex-health secretary has confirmed the worst kept secret in washington  the  gop  tax law will raise…
california s leadership on gun safety is helping to keep its communities safer  as  theeconomist explains  states l…
bashar al-assad s use of chemical weapons against his own people is reprehensible  congress needs to engage  we can…
i also said to press that if  realdonaldtrump fires rosenstein  it would undermine the rule of law  we must protect our democracy
e-a-g-l-e-s    fly eagles fly eagles nation super bowl l i i super bowl2018
teachers  apply by 3/1 to attend a free  nehgov summer professional development program  there are sites across the…
as the number of kupuna in our state continues to increase  we must do more to ensure that our seniors will be able to age in place 
congrats to jared miller of leon for being the champion auctioneer at the  wlac  western qualifier   sellatauction
please read this whole thread  the integrity of our democracy depends on understanding and combating the threats ag…
february 5  2018 – harmony learning center  maplewood  minnesota photo  facebook - harmony learning center 16/19
a mind to work  
  thelrandall women s health is threatened by extreme rs  i will advocate for right to choose  preventive care  maternity services ask julia
joshua gibson aka  the black babe ruth  was born in buena vista  georgia in 1911  this legendary baseball player wa…
let s all comeout in support of everyone who should be loved regardless of whom they choose to love …
 robertgarcialb  lbpublicworks  longbeachmayor  sportsqn looks like this area could use some work  i m cc ing our…
i voted for today s omnibus spending bill to avoid a government shutdown and fund priorities critical to tenth dist…
rt  bobbyscott    housegop s highered bill fails to support our service-members and will make higher education even more expensive  that i…
speaking about health care  the environment  and research at a  ubuffalo biological science seminar 
rt  asbpa  thanks to friendofthe coast2016  usrepkeating for leading a  dear colleague  letter in support of  noaahabitat & nat l estuary f…
joe biden laments loss of us prestige abroad and gop enabling of trump    contrasted with so many republicans durin…
rt  ssworks   repmikehonda &  repmarkpocan make the case for expanding  not cutting  social security 
rt  thereval  texas  repalgreen talks trump and obama at the 2018 nan ministers luncheon during  nanconv2018 
rt  repdonbeyer  under president obama  ice and cbp focused on criminals  under trump  the focus seems to be on grandparents  mothers  and…
rt  michelleobama  i m in total awe of the extraordinary students in florida  like every movement for progress in our history  gun reform w…
congress skipped town before passing a long-term budget or finding a solution for dreamers who rely on  daca  - or…
thank you to the students of mount vernon high school for spending some time today to share your thoughts with me …
californians – you can still enroll in health insurance through covered california  open enrollment to pick a healt…
today we celebrate national teacher s day to honor the educators of our future leaders  as your congressman  i will…
rt  steelworkers  local 12775 met w/ rep  visclosky about legislation that impacts working people in indiana  u s w works
si tienes familiares viviendo en los estados  motívalos a que se registren  voten y sean parte de este movimiento  su voto es nuestra fuerza
trump s bull-in-the-china-shop routine with the iran nuclear agreement undermines reformist forces in iran and stre…
equal protection under the law means everyone  that includes all students  let kids learn  snda 
the trump administration is letting polluters rewrite the rules on environmental protection  american families dese…
to get the inland empire economy moving again  we ve got to make sure that everyone in our region has access to aff…
thanks   spelmancollege for sending some of america s finest future leaders to d c  to shadow members of congress …
rt  valpolife  indiana history has been made  legislators and officials on  southshoreline double track  blairmilolp  repvisclosky
a big thank you to the stillman college family  including alumni  the board of trustees  students  faculty  and dr …
white river junction va is moving veterans away from opioids through individualized care   ty  for your dedication…
vietnam veterans are a great generation and this week we honored our local warriors by unveiling a new vietnam vete…
rt  quorumanalytics  quorum sat down with  repallawsonjr for our first behind the desk video  we talked about his experience as a freshman i…
may is national foster care month  as a member of the congressional caucus on foster youth  i am proud to renew my…
rt  artsdelaware  thank you  repbrochester for your support of the artsde  d e arts summit netde
iran deal not perfect but todays reckless action by  potus is not based on facts  sends wrong message to allies & u…

visited with diners at patty s taco house in san antonio with commissioner tommy adkisson  election day…
speaking at the student forum on preventing gun violence at adlai e  stevenson high school in lincolnshire …
what s happening this week in congress  tune into my weekly check-in with  ksro s the drive below to find out 
rt  housebudgetdems  ranking member  repjohnyarmuth s opening statement from today s hearing on the 2019 trump budget
rt  nicolecoey   repbrendanboyle you re doing great on cnn  so glad you re our rep 
today is a day to get in goodtrouble  alabama  go out there and vote 
on  iwd2018   let s keep empowering all the women and girls who inspire us every day with their smarts  strength  an…
  realdonaldtrump says   african-american unemployment stands at the lowest rate ever recorded  and hispanic americ…
rt  johnlarsonct  social security is the insurance that you pay for  it is not an entitlement and i have a plan to expand the program and e…
rt  alliancecbrn  launch of the congressional biodefense caucus  dedicated to strengthening our nation s biodefense enterprise & national s…
president trump promised he would staff his administration with the best people  but he picked a politician to run…
for more on the  housebluedogs special task force on rural america  rural rural america
rt  oversightdems  just in  top dems ask gowdy to subpoena documents from bank that reportedly loaned manafort millions in exchange for pro…
 the civil rights movement insisted on justice in the spirit of peace - that we live up to our founding promise …
i pray that congress will gain the courage to act in solidarity with every victim of gun violence in america 
established 69 years ago today   nato  has been critical in promoting peace and stability  becoming one of the most…
rt  officialcbc  the cbc voted today to decline this  whitehouse invitation for a follow-up meeting w/  realdonaldtrump  here s why 
joined a number of colleagues from both parties in asking speaker ryan to explain why he asked the house chaplain t…
in honor of international womens day i want to recognize a group of women whose achievements have been overlooked fo…
  repanniekuster & i requested va & ig investigate continued delays in finalizing contract for new va electronic he…
celebrating the trashing of the iran agreement along with trump are the theocratic oligarchs of saudi arabia  who r…
wishing everyone a very merry christmas 
remember when we pointed out repeatedly that gop attempts to sabotage the  aca  would result in higher costs for con…
dr  king challenged this great nation to be greater  and he pushed us to fight for true justice and equality for al…
  realdonaldtrump   1 6 billion and   nancypelosi and   senschumer  as we say in south texas  ni fu ni fa
in 2017  opioid prescriptions dropped by 10 percent  but the number of deaths from drug overdoses have continued to…
international womens day is a time to celebrate the achievements of the powerful women who serve this country and th…
this is outrageous  rudy giuliani seems to confirm  realdonaldtrump is guilty of campaign finance law violation in…
rt  stevetaylorrgg  congressman henry cuellar is giving an update to rgv reporters about his work in dc  he is at palenque grill in north m…
eau claire s busy and constantly expanding downtown is a magnet for small businesses  tourism  and outdoor recreati…
our prayers go to our canadian friends in toronto attack especially the 10 lives lost and 15 injured in this sensel…
freedom of the press ensures our government is held accountable and doesn t interfere with the distribution of info…
rt  phinational  breaking news   repcartwright introduces bill to expand roles for direct care workers & improve care 
hope this means i can count on you to oppose trump s proposed cuts for low-income utility bill assistance …
right now this is awful news for virginians  but we will not be the only ones  americans in other states will feel…
apply to be part of our summer intern class  we are accepting applications for the el paso and washington  d c  off…
still haven t registered to attend one of our upcoming  coffee with your congresswoman  events  good news  there s…
under  gop  house over last 2yrs  there has been no d i s c l o s e act to bring increased transparency to outside spending in our elections  2/
rt  repadamschiff  china backs trump project in indonesia to tune of  500 million  trump backs china with fix for zte  a company that has c…
rt  mhestes03  congratulations to  anthonybrownmd4 for his appointment to the house armed services committee  i know you ll represent md4 w…
tomorrow kicks off the 23rd annual nh maple weekend  nothing s sweeter than granite state maple syrup  find a sap h…
rt  aishayesufu  they may have tied this rope around unity fountain but they cannot tie up our voices - dr oby ezekwesilli  obyezeks  bbog…
rt  luissantana  huge turnout of thousands of people in support of the march for our lives movement in tampa 
this memorial will tell the story of those who lost their lives in the pacific during ww ii     but most importantl…
rt  jstreetdotorg   there is    an intellectual framework to what we re witnessing with regard to foreign policy  it comes from steve banno…
  potus promised a decision on steel a year ago  mixed signals  lack of clarity  and failure to consult w/ other na…
net neutrality protects innovators and small businesses in  wa10  — they can t afford  fcc efforts to undermine the…
including a citizenship question in the 2020 census only serves to suppress participation & will result in inaccura…
louise s wonderful sense of humor and kind heart touched every person who knew her  my thoughts are with her three…
allowing all americans to vote is our solemn duty  yet  a judge has found kris kobach  trump s pick to lead his now…
on earth day   nbcnews highlights  senwhitehouse s uniquely powerful advocacy around the disastrous impact of clima…
republicans openly admitted that the g o p tax scam was designed to hurt new jersey  that s no joke  can ya dig it
despite the president s proposed cuts  dems also won major increases in funding for nih  cdc & community health ctr…
rt  billpascrell   president trump doesn t have to publicly disclose his tax returns  now or ever  but     congress can request
thank you  aauwactionfund for the 100% rating  i am proud to work together for real progress for women & families 
it s been two years since you ve been gone & not a day goes by when i don t think of you  miss you  mom  photo  my…
it is crucial that congress reaffirm its constitutional authority over approving any first strike against north korea 
rt  saclib  dishing with doris about netneutrality and all things library  check it out 
if a russian banker with strong ties to the nra laughs in the face of investigations into russian money in our elec…
rt  rvivian370  at the oneorlando alliance reception at the venue   hrc_orlando  repdarrensoto  yourbarriofl  fdpmoneygirl  kenevansdncfl…
i joined  reppeteking on  theleadcnn to talk about the need for republicans and democrats to come together on reduc…
scott pruitt has abused taxpayer    and given us new definitions for the words crony & corruption  boot pruitt
another victory for the dreamers who have been courageous & unafraid  for  daca  & for everyone who has boldly foug…
let s raise the corporate rate from 21% to 23% to pay for the infrastructure we need  my letter to the president he…
my family and i visited the historic point san luis obispo lighthouse and the pecho coastal trail this weekend  tha…
the latest  housegop attempt to cut critical programs through a phony constitutional amendment is an old sad republ…
james comey can t handle  lyin  comey  site  is leaving the republican party a  party  with…
rt  fightextremism   we really need to prioritize creating the cyber equivalent of the geneva conventions   says rep  jahimes 
i asked several student leaders why they care about preventing gun violence  their answers were personal and profou…
the decision to close down the only office tasked solely with looking out for our students is cold and reckless …
it was a pleasure to meet with newly sworn-in  secretarysonny this morning  i look forward to working together to a…
while most hardworking americans aren t noticing an increase in their paychecks from the tax law  average wall stre…
proud to be original co-sponsor of legislation in congress to make 5/17 international day against homophobia & transphobia  idahot 
22 000 individuals apply for social security and medicare every day -- but their applications will be delayed until…
happy national library week  what s your favorite library in western or central wisconsin  national library week
in compton to celebrate the homecoming of deported veteran hector barajas  watch my live press conference on facebo…
as a former basketball player  i could not be more proud of all the great high schools representing our district at…
rt  rpublicservice  thank you reps   robwittman and  gerryconnolly for introducing a bipartisan resolution designating may 6-12 as public s…
rt  whiphoyer  after adding  1 8 trillion to the deficit w the g o p tax scam   housegop is now proposing to slash   for student loan programs…
congrats to my colleague  repmcgovern who is the new ranking member of the rules committee  his inclusive & progres…
our nation s educators shape our children s minds and our nation s future  they deserve to be respected  and paid …
credit scores play a critical role in people s fin  futures  credit reporting agencies must be accountable for mist…
great to talk with students from robert louis stevenson middle school today about my work in congress and what they…
proud to see newark receive  400 000 for environmental cleanup from the epa  responsible management of contaminated…
rt  houseadm_dems    repbrady issues letter on latest republican lawsuit effort
press play 
a big thank you to  cmaquarium for saving our sea turtles 
assad launches vicious chemical weapons attack  killing women/children  days after trump recklessly says we re pull…
house gop now pushes a balanced budget amendment after passing a tax cut for the wealthy that created massive new d…
trump campaign conspired w/ russian spies to sellout our democracy  but dems are treasonous  no  the real traitor i…
rt  foxborough_ma  icymi  on friday  march 23  2018  vietnam era veterans  were honored and given their lapel pins by congressman  joekenne…
when the methane waste prevention rule was developed  interior held more than a half dozen hearings  including in n…
was on  foxnewssunday with chris wallace  airs 8am on channel 11 in la  re-airs on  foxnews at 11am  4pm  and 11pm…
a mind to work   could new york s free college tuition plan spread across the u s  
shoutout to  teamwalkerjc for inviting me and for supporting young people throughout the district 
rt  repdwightevans  tmrw  10am  my colleague on the  housesbcdems ranking member  nydiavelazquez will be joining me for a women business ow…
rt  cityofhenderson  thank you to nevada s u s  representatives  repdinatitus  markamodeinv2  repjackyrosen  rubenkihuen for their bipartis…
i posted a new photo to facebook
7 yrs of undermining  aca   60  votes in the house  3 repeal defeats in 2017  what will it take for a bipartisan conversation  graham cassidy
rt  energycommerce  e&c democrats call on  secazar to reject medicaid lifetime limit waivers in a letter led by  repjoekennedy   by imposin…
my deepest condolences to both president bush and the entire bush family  mrs  bush s dedicated service to our nati…
congrats samuel  good luck at  poetryoutloud nationals this april—tracey and i will be cheering you on  great work…
i am excited for a great discussion on a new bipartisan  bicameral idea that i am working on with  repjoewilson …
i m voting against the g o p tax scam conference report because it hikes taxes on 86 million middle-class families  ta…
la batalla comenzó en cuanto asumí el cargo en el 2009  mientras el congreso debatía el proyecto de estímulo económico conocido como arra 
we joined the 4th annual  dose of awareness  5k walk and health expo  held in honor of loved ones lost to prescript…
trump backed off promises to lower prescription drugs costs  he ended net neutrality  his foreign policy favors rus…
my statement on environmental protection agency  epa  administrator scott pruitt s move to weaken america s clean c…
thanks to emerson college and sophomore david fadul for organizing a substantive and thoughtful forum tonight  civi…
we re focused on helping make sure all de kids have access to a high-quality education  that starts with supporting…
rt  reverbpress  tune in to the reverb press page on facebook at 10 45 a m  eastern today for an exclusive interview live from capitol hill…
this is a terrible way to celebrate public service week  shame on the trump administration for conflating the two …
one year ago   realdonaldtrump signed executive orders to rollback protections on monuments  this is an attack on a…
house intel dems briefing on the republican shutdown of the trump russia investigation - an investigation that was…
¡este periodo de inscripción abierta  protege tu salud y la salud de tu familia  para más información visita…
wrong again  mr  president  it confirms the fbi acted appropriately and that russian agents approached two of your…
rt  housenewdems  the gop tax plan that republicans laid out avoids many hard choices  and will explode our national debt by trillions of d…
trump budget carries the mantle of this administration s vicious attack on health care  cutting aca cost-sharing re…
rt  repjoekennedy  our storms are becoming more severe and our weather more unpredictable every day  climate change isn t waiting on us to…
i am joining staff in both my washington  d c  and renton  washington offices in wearing in purple in support of in…
a strong economy needs a diverse set of actors to drive economic growth  including women- and minority-owned busine…
today  i questioned facebook founder and ceo  mark zuckerberg about their mishandling of users  personal data  disc…
teachers make an incredible impact on students & help the future leaders of our communities  state & nation grow &…
if you or someone you know has questions about the daca renewal process  my office is here to help  909-890-4445 
the  gop tax plan cuts taxes for corporations and investors  and it does so on the backs of working and middle-clas…
iran deal
due to maintenance  my staff is not holding office hours at the  vawestpalmbeach this week  if you need assistance …
the last time russian operatives and diplomats were expelled from the u s  was in december 2016 in response to russ…
the gun epidemic that plagues america continues to spread as a result of the inaction from congress  it is heartbre…
working with  repbilljohnson to lead over 100 members of congress in support of robust funding for the drug free co…
for everyone celebrating passover this evening  chag sameach 
tennessee creeping into the 20th century 
equality is possible when women can make choices regarding their reproductive health – the global gag rule hurts wo…
while this was a significant step forward  there is much more that we need to do  as your representative  i will co…
we can t keep using dangerous fire fighting foam that contains pfcs  and which continues to contaminate bases and g…
the gop farm bill would slash snap  our premiere anti-hunger program  by  20 billion  meals from  snap  and its pred…
it is the agenda of trump and a republican-led congress to make the lives of poor  hard-working americans more diff…
it s infrastructure week & we must invest in improvements  this is a priority for me  -leading rebuilding america…
rt  outfrontcnn   i m a former prosecutor and i can tell you the actions of donald trump are not consistent with that of an innocent person…
back in  cityoffairfaxva for spotlight on the arts festival kickoff  a wonderful partnership between the city and…
i told students  thisoldhouse job site about my career as an electrician  stay tuned for appearance in the fall  m…
great to see burlington stepping up and taking the lead to reduce greenhouse gas emissions  climate change is chall…
big win for workers in the gov t funding bill—the deal prohibits employers from pocketing workers  tips  as was rec…
wishing a happy birthday to my friend   jimlangevin  thank you for your leadership as ranking member on…
today  we recognize the need to end pancreatic cancer and fund research that will lead to better treatments and a c…
yesterday  i introduced a resolution denouncing the mass atrocities perpetrated against the rohingya  read it here 
he is taking corruption to new heights  while rejecting science  rolling back health protections  and posing a majo…
challenge accepted  rise up
congratulations julia lin of ridgefield high school  ridgefieldhs winner of my congressional arts competition 
join us for my farmers roundtable at the tallahassee community college center for workforce development 3 24 18  h…
rt  housenewdems  thank you ambassador  martin_dahinden of the  swissembassyusa for discussing the swiss apprenticeship model  how the emba…
rt  ilfarmbureau  warren county farmers jared kunkle and matt mahoney prep  repcheri for her first time planting soybeans in a  johndeere t…
thx frederick community college for inviting me to come back & speak with students  we had a great discussion about…
 mdewitt760  mateoalto you guys are touching on a big problem  i agree-the process is messed up  i wrote about thi…
 chakafattah
  jesseluna i co-authored ca  dream  act & will support at federal level  work to improve education and expand middleclass  ask julia  ca26 
the lottery for free tickets to the  thenationaltree lighting is open now until monday oct  10th at 10am   nctl2016 
the 4th amendment is clear  if the government wants to search an american s communication records  it needs to get…
rt  congressmanraja  the gop farm bill would slash snap  our premiere anti-hunger program  by  20 billion  meals from  snap  and its predece…
 [congressman peterson] shows up  listens  and delivers for his constituents 
tomorrow the north rim of the grand canyon will reopen to all visitors  come hike  camp  and explore one of the mos…
over past 2yrs of  housegop  there hasn t been  no fly  no buy  legislation to keep guns out of hands of suspected terrorists  gunsense 
the question isn t who s been subpoenaed  it s who hasn t      bannon admitted that he d had conversations with re…
rt  el_sentinel  ayer el downtown de orlando estuvo lleno de folklor  música y sabor con la segunda parda y festival puertorriqueño  mira l…
just 27% of americans think the g o p tax scam is a good thing with 53% worried about the negative impacts of the bill…
it shouldn t take a national tragedy to get  housegop to allow us to vote on commonsense measures to prevent gun vi…
it takes courage to answer the call to serve—again—and we need more leaders like rd in washington…even if it takes…
polluting pruitt has proposed drastic budget cuts  epa programs that protect americans  health – all while wasting…
rt  denisohayer  at 8 45 on 90 1  wabenews  a group of house democrats has proposed a healthcare plan   repdavidscott is one of them  we…
very interesting     
north carolina congressional map ruled unconstitutionally gerrymandered
congress must streamline the process  protect victims that wish to be protected  and ensure all allegations of wron…
i m with  congressmanraja at  elgincommcoll for a future forum discussion with students about building opportunity…
 comicdude1982  repadamschiff  tulsipress i support net neutrality and am a proud cosponsor of the bill to reverse…
rt  housejudiciary   repgoodlatte  repjohnconyers  jimpressoffice  jacksonleetx18  reprutherfordfl   repjerrynadler   the usa liberty act r…
despite endless promises  donald trump never had an intention of doing anything meaningful to help consumers  these…
republicans want to lower the corporate tax rate while raising taxes on millions in the middle class  the…
rt  nwsneworleans  7am intermediate update from  nhc_atlantic has upgraded td16 to tropical storm nate 
ramadan mubarak  wishing a happy ramadan to all those celebrating 
rt  thedude_snc  it was  iamtinacampbell   smudler   jeffbecker24  and my pleasure and honor to meet  repbobbyrush  thanks for your support…
this is what shelter in place looks like during a school shooting - cnn
we have a moral obligation to leave this planet we call earth a little cleaner and a little greener for generations yet unborn  earth day
rt  namigeorgia  healthcare leadership council--including n a m i georgia board member monique carter--met today with congressman david scott…
 peterwelch  wearesinclair  tribunemedia the post-merger landscape is even more troubling  3 out of 4 american hous…
i m relieved the government spending bill that passed the house today does not make any cuts to eere   nrel is one…
proud to honor murtha l p d26  commissioned today in philly  and named in honor of my friend and mentor rep john murt…
gwynne shotwell is the president-coo of spacex  in which she helped lead the efforts in the lift off of the world s…
senate republican leader turned a blind eye to hate-mongering from the birther-in-chief  moral abdication has its c…
has anybody ever sounded more guilty 
the community and elected officials put pressure on the utility companies during last month s outages and it worked…
does john kelly not realize that america was founded as a country of immigrants  for centuries  such xenophobic rhe…
if you need more time to complete your taxes  file for an extension online  tax day is tomorrow 
tomorrow  5/17  join the bipartisan congressional caucus for women s issues on my facebook l i v e stream at 9am est a…
so pleased the matunuck elementary school s junior girl scout troop 560 is joining skhs s recycle club & local env…
what can we learn from the 2017 disasters  how can we be better prepared to help people before disasters  how can w…
today i convened a meeting with local stakeholders to address high lead levels in drinking water in some denver hom…
trump shutdown fact  during a government shutdown  recipients will continue to receive their social security and ss…
rt  repmarkpocan  from tax policy and the budget  to labor and environmental issues  the people of washington  d c  deserve to have a say i…
the 22 2 percent cut to the army corps of engineers in the trump budget would be very harmful for the  jaxport  deep…
this mothers day  the trump administration has deliberately chosen to destroy the vital bond between children and t…
at the joint  housenewdems - gop tuesday group lunch to find ways to work across the aisle to make progress on prot…
my office is here to help vets get the medals and awards they ve earned – we ve helped literally hundreds of…
rt  aftunion   we should be working for equality for puerto rico   -  repjoseserrano
under the g o p tax scam  13 million more americans will no longer have health insurance  happy tax day
teachers  apply by march 1 to attend a free  nehgov summer professional development program  there are sites acros…
rt  giffordscourage  our senior advisor  davidchipman sat down with  rephuffman to talk about the dangers of deregulating silencers 
while hardworking americans are filing their taxes today  the ultra-rich and corporate executives are laughing all…
the c b c budget reflects the needs of the middle class and works hard to help lift millions of families out of poverty 
rt  nowthisnews   i think we understand where your priorities are  they are not with the young people of this country   — rep  delauro just…
congratulations to  delideliciousus owner mohammad hobab for his  sbagov  small business person of the year  award …
the desert plan was created after 8 years of building community consensus through hundreds of public hearings  we n…
rt  repteddeutch    barackobama is right when he says our youth activists have  the power to insist that america can be better   today th…
it s now been six months since trump terminated daca  let s be clear - this is a crisis he and republican leaders n…
rt  repjayapal  stop it   realdonaldtrump  you can t get your ridiculous  ineffective wall so you decided to throw more red meat to a shrin…
rt  repjohnlarson  medicare is the largest buyer of rx drugs in us w/ huge potential to negotiate lower prices for seniors  medicaid & va s…
rt  latinofocus  homeownership is the first rung on the ladder of wealth creation of our nation  - lorettasanchez  firstam
rt  housebudgetdems  last year s aid to communities rebuilding from natural disasters  incl  hurricanes & wildfires  cost hundreds of billi…
rt  reploisfrankel  equal pay day recognizes that women must work 3 extra months just to earn the same pay as men  closing the gender wage ga…
if comey memo isn t reason enough for an independent investigation  nothing is
it s only fair that women get paid what they ve earned  small businesses  families  and our economy suffer when wom…
i salute  senjohnmccain for his valiant service in the u s  military and service to the nation in congress  but i a…
rt  servicewomen  breaking  swan continues our work on the hill on behalf of military women and women veterans  we ve been working hard adv…
unequal pay hurts our communities and the economy  working mothers have less money to pay for their groceries  rent…
houston s and third ward owns  beyonce giving us  hbcu  vibes  proud of her  beyonce think h b c u
  thejusticedept needs to fully investigate  realdonaldtrump s apparent violations of federal law & hush money paid…
31 ags and i are calling on congress to reject this bill  it is seriously flawed and puts profits ahead of people …
after the  1oct  shooting first responders and emergency room nurses helped our city heal  they deserve our support …
from three town halls  to meetings with young people  to discussing technological advances in cancer care  our dist…
icymi  it s the natural environment that surrounds us is that makes living in the  pnw  so special  if you enjoy hik…
iran cannot have nuclear weapons—but the united states must be a headlight and not a taillight  leading the world o…
also had the chance to tour the greenhouses of  uconn s  ecology department and meet with some of its brilliant fac…
the ricochet review  a student-led poetry magazine at von steuben high school  where my grandson attends   is   
today on world asthma day  we must take action to protect our family s health  and i believe the healthy environment…
that is why i introduced both the women veterans equal access to quality care act  h r  93  and the building suppor…
all displaced families will be allowed to stay in their transitional housing until at least may 14th  i will contin…
congratulations christena zimmerman  the 2018 congressional art competition winner for  fl13   amazing talent on dis…
toured the nj int l mail center in secaucus today w  billpascrell and discussed our bills to stop illicit opioid im…
stop lying to the american people  about everything  fake president
my amendment to repurpose yucca mountain has been filed  we need smart solutions to tackle this dangerous and costl…
how does this man still have a job  boot pruitt
i m honored to earn a 100% rating from the league of conservation voters for my work to protect our environment  we…
rt  tacoma_chamber  an update from tom at  wa2wa   featuring  repdennyheck 
rt  fdny  in response to the fatal fire on 4/25  the  fdny  fire safety education unit is sharing safety info in walgreens  3575 boston rd …
thank you  time and  yarashahidi for this tremendous recognition  i m honored to be included on  time s list of the…
as we pray for those shot at great mills hs in md  we also have an obligation to act  huge majorities support bipar…
today let s recognize the history and progress that women have made across the world  we still have a lot of work t…
today  senate dems vote to save the internet  proud to support similar net neutrality legislation here in the house…
rt  senbooker    corybooker and  repbonnie introduce bicameral resolution to uplift voices of underserved communities in efforts to prevent…
rt  afcmn  we so appreciate  keithellison &  jeremiah4north listening to community about the farm bill and changes we desperately need to c…
rt  thehill  top dem lawmaker tears into trump  he hasn t done enough to respond to russia s attack on american democracy
thank you  atu757pdx president shirley block for starting your day at 5am to introduce me to your trimet all stars 
did you know that women must work an average of 15 months to earn what men earn in 12 months  today is equal pay day…
thank you  evan_low   billdoddca  & sen  jerry hill for pushing for justice for victims  proud to support this 
as nafta is renegotiated over the next couple of weeks  i want to remind president trump that the deal should elimi…
 12 7 million in unclaimed refunds for ct taxpayers who didn t file in 2014 are due to expire on april 17th  specia…
farm bill introduced by  housegop doubles-down on their assault against families & children on the edge of hunger …
  potus is clearly paranoid  if it s true that he made senior white house staff sign ndas  we can probably guess th…
moved by stories of the brave women visiting my office today w/  miovariancancer  as a co-chair of the cancer preve…
many thanks  amazing dc kids and parents  who showed there is no starting age to be an activist to save children s…
 the mueller files and other documents suggest a pattern of collusion  money laundering and coverup  they also show…
if you saw the  bostonglobe today  i want to be clear  i am a candidate for re-election  here is my full statement 
 nra cronies have rejected every reasonable gun safety proposal over the past decade   housegop and  senategop are…
thank you  bizfed for inviting me today to speak with local leaders about my work to help small businesses as well…
today i voted to reauthorize the  cte  bill to help or schools train students for high-paying jobs in local industries 
rt if you agree that the proposed rollback of net neutrality rules by the  fcc is harmful to consumers and favors b…
today  i stood against the  housegop tax cut bill that will increase our national debt & leave a terrible legacy fo…
at today s  hfacdemocrats markup  we considered a number of bills including h r  5274  the global electoral exchang…
special counsel mueller s investigation into the russian attack on our country  including possible involvement by t…
rt  wneulaw  ct governor dannel malloy will be visiting campus today from 1 30-2 15pm to give a lecture on the second chance criminal justi…
it s simple  there shouldn t be a gender wage gap  women still only make 80¢ for every   a man is paid & that gap i…
rt  housesbcdems  after serving our country  veterans deserve our support to restart their lives back at home  the sba s network of vboc pr…
& added my name as a cosponsor of stronger articles of impeachment  h res 621  which focus on trump s attempts to o…
thank you   usrepkcastor  for leading this resolution calling for  epascottpruitt s resignation  pruitt has undermi…
two points  the u s  and allies must maintain pressure on the north  and on the other hand must be ready to agree t…
rt  housedemocrats  fifty years after the loss of his mentor and friend  dr  martin luther king  jr    repjohnlewis reminds us that real pr…
 ywca_rochester it has reduced cases of domestic violence by 67 percent since 1994 and helped change the conversati…
  epascottpruitt must resign  he is a part of this administration s culture of corruption and incompetence  his wil…
today s e-newsletter covers the republican tax plan  the opioid epidemic  and other issues that are important to ma…
please know that i am closely monitoring the situation & have been in communication w/ ntsb &  atmosenergy  if you…
   the gop s american health care act  ahca   the  whitehouse s own executive branch analysis forecasts that 26 million people would lose   
the commander in chief s number one priority is to protect the country  this commander in chief only cares about hi…
one of my most important responsibilities is to keep our country & our san joaquin valley safe  we all must work to…
students of kalihi kai  kamaile academy pcs  and wai anae elementary schools performed at the white house for  turnaroundarts program today 
sometimes we get to do supermarket saturdays on a wednesday  thanks to everyone at cub food in freeport 
rt  housedemocrats  say hello to  reptomsuozzi  representing ny s 3rd district & one of our newest members  catch up with him on fb too  ht…
honored to meet french president  emmanuelmacron and hear his inspiring speech  macron spoke to our higher  shared…
rt  waysmeanscmte  the republican tax law is filled with loopholes that allow the most well-off and well-connected to game the system and a…
i am joining these students on national walkout day as we continue to fight gun violence in america  we have been th…
76 years ago today  thousands of brave americans gave their lives in defense of our freedom  may we never forget th…
inspired by  young women of promise  recognized by tampa s athena society  high school juniors nom by guidance cou…
i championed the wood-pawcatuck watershed protection act  today i m at the wood river w/  senjackreed…
today  congress marks 1 month since parkland  129 days since sutherland springs  164 days since las vegas  640 days…
mathematician katherine johnson stared down the faces of racism and sexism in her life  nevertheless  she is respon…
  potus just released a contraception rule that would rip guaranteed birth control away from countless women  protect our care reprorights
huge crowd - as usual- at the quincy vs  north quincy high school game  perfect weather for thanksgiving football …
even though border patrol agents and cbp officers remained on the job during the 2013 shutdown  they weren t gettin…
this is a picture from one of my first campaign mailers  the kids are a lot older and so am i  but we are also a lo…
do not be distracted by the president s nativist agenda or the bills in congress that seek to implement his nationa…
rt  repteddeutch  here is a poll that  realdonaldtrump should remember – over 90% of americans support universal background checks   nraam 
chicago transportation funding  significant increases to transit state of good repair grants & bus and bus facili…
enjoyed discussing higher education accessibility & affordability at  hacunews 23rd annual national capitol forum o…
the global market is great for south o and its economic development  glad to be part of the unveiling last wk …
here is my statement in response to the reports that the assad regime has once again used internationally banned ch…
new jerseyans already carry the tax burden for other regions  thanks to the  housegop tax scam that burden is about…
before becoming the first african-american woman to serve in the louisiana house of representatives  dorothy mae ta…
rt  thecrimereport  top lawmaker   i ll fight trump police cuts  tooth and nail  via  thecrimereport
the disaster supplemental only provides  81 billion in aid to be split btw texas florida california puerto rico…
come join me for an afternoon of catch and conversation  we will be meeting at carson park this sunday from 4-5pm …
it s always a pleasure to visit the  eastsalemrotary  thank you for working to promote student achievement and lite…
always a pleasure to be on  wamcnews s congressional corner  listen here to my interview on gun reform   daca   and…
rt  ejlorenz_aia  grand opening for bethesda library  thank you   repraskin  mcpl_libraries  mococouncilmd  nbcwashington  drstacysmall ht…
if you couldn t make it to my free tax preparation event in imperial county  you can still get free tax preparation…
rt  luiscamdc  thank you  repjimmypanetta for meeting with  aarpca and thank you for your efforts to protect s n a p -the over 68 000 resident…
californians are famous for setting high standards & refusing to settle  that s why we re ranked 1 in the country…
today trump told fox   i m very disappointed in my justice department  and threatened to interfere in russia probe …
 never spend your money before you have earned it  -thomas jefferson  flm2018  quote of the week
today  i signed legislation that takes necessary steps to toughen the penalties for purchasing a gun illegally  hb…
welcome  emmanuelmacron to the people s house  the bonds that bind our nations are rooted in defense of human righ…
rt  reppaultonko  congressional republicans are rolling out their new farm bill this week  listen up  because it s bad  1/
tomorrow is drug takeback day  i hope you ll drop off expired or unused drugs  too often  drug addictions start in o…
stan  i think hi island may advance h-power infrastructure first in hi   thinktechhi live now 
today lgbtq & gun violence prevention advocates are in dc to demand that we disarm hate  i stand w/them not one more
volunteers make a real difference in their communities  & i would like to thank all san joaquin valley volunteers…
inspired by the students of  baxterkraken hs in san pedro who are taking their lives into their own hands and deman…
5 --&gt  now  republicans are cashing in 
rt  repdwightevans  thread  on a daily basis  phl teachers work with students who suffer unbelievable trauma from exposure to violence  hun…
more than 17 000 children and their families rely on the children s health insurance program in connecticut—and…
happy oaks day 
saddened to hear of the passing of dr  stephen hawking  the world is forever grateful for his astounding contributi…
open enrollment ends today  visit or call 1-800-318-2596 to get covered 
had a productive meeting with george del carlo  president of the nevada chapter of  moaa  and his wife  nshe regent…
another day  another ethical mishap by polluting pruitt  this time  expensive foreign trips and promoting the inter…
go vote t n  today will be a historic day for nashville s future  polls are open until 7 00 p m 
this week i joined 30 of my house colleagues in calling on  ustreasury secretary  stevenmnuchin1 to renegotiate the…
congratulations to all a z vets graduating from  mcccd this week 
rt  repdarrensoto  clean drinking water should be a basic human right  4 yrs later  flint families still have to use water filters or bottl…
it s hard to believe a group of individuals who repeatedly claim they want to move our country forward  continue to…
rt  senatedems    senschumer is live with the latest on the trump shutdown  watch 
congressional republicans just gave a trillion dollars in corporate welfare to millionaires & billionaires  but now…
 wendyjograham to name a few       - fighting to increase funding for hurricane recovery  and future prep  - get a…
as a former teacher and guidance counselor  i m proud to cosponsor the  repohalleran resolution supporting increas…
i had the pleasure of speaking at the vietnam war commemoration ceremony at the tallahassee national cemetery…
as   paulkrugman notes  democratic norms continue to be violated  we must remain engaged 
congress must reclaim its article i constitutional authority with respect to acts of war  the american people deserve nothing less syria
i had a great weekend in globe  miami  and superior  thanks to the students  business owners  and community leaders…
thanks wesley  glad to see i have support in ohio  i m focused on helping democrats win back the house in 2018 
by wearing black to the  sotu   i m saying times up for sexual harassment and inequality in the workplace …
i spent the day visiting churches on li  when i found out what happened in texas  i thought about how peaceful & protected i feel in church 
trump tolls on our nation s roads  highways  bridges and rest stops would help the wealthy travel comfortably and o…
none  there has been no vote  that would be something called due  process  
happening now   housedemocrats and i are calling on  housegop to work together to protect our nation from russia s…
many young people are not exposed to stem  we have to look at basic access to resources and environments to give yo…
rt  weareoneamerica  thanks   repadamsmith  for sponsoring the adoptee citizenship act  thousands of american adoptees are prevented from r…
the deadline to apply is march 16  apply here 
 realdonaldtrump reckless and dangerous decision will isolate the united states  put iran back on the fast-track…
happy thanksgiving  had a great day serving thanksgiving dinner to our men and women in uniform at camp humphreys i…
rt  energycommerce  breaking – cms blocks idaho s illegal proposal to allow junk health care plans  read ranking member  frankpallone s res…
rt  uclaadvocacy  it s wonderful for students to exchange ideas with policymakers  thanks  reproybalallard for meeting in washington  d c …
happy new year 
there s no excuse for  housegop standing in way of zika funds  it s an outbreak  do your job
  housegop claims their tax cut is for the middle class  this analysis from  iteptweets shows different story for m…
rt  senschumer  utterly astounding that 6 wks after slashing taxes on the wealthy & biggest corps  creating a huge deficit   realdonaldtrum…
rt  housebudgetdems  ranking member  repjohnyarmuth statement on the trump budget
there is only one common thread across the gun violence epidemic in america – guns  attempting to address this prob…
we cannot afford any delays or preconditions to pursuing direct diplomatic talks  denuclearizing north korea  and s…
looking forward to our talk tomorrow  i will be joined by  zoraidasambolin and mayor  carmenyulincruz of san juan
megabanks   wellsfargo  jpmorgan  citi  bankofamerica  are way too big  we need to stop them from running amuck & t…
tremendous work session/roundtable in santa fe today with nm lawmakers and health advocates on ways to expand and s…
happy small business week to all of the small business owners and employees in san bernardino county  small business…
celebrating the grand opening of the  nfugrr  which tells the stories of freedom seekers from the moving perspectiv…
  realdonaldtrump s fear that prosecutors are closing in on him is no excuse for his bullying attacks on federal la…
i ve never been much of a beard fan  but more of a moustache man  happy no beard day
good to be at the morningside heights historic committee annual awards party and congratulate  galeabrewer on her m…
the republican tax plan is not a step in the right direction  we need a plan that doesn t increase debt and helps h…
you can read more about facebook s  shadow profiles  here  i look forward to hearing back from mr  zuckerberg later…
i encourage all students interested in attending a u s  military academy to attend the 2017 military academy night …
as we celebrate teacher appreciation week  a special shout out goes to ms  lynn corkren - now in her 20th year of te…
rt  eximbankus  join  tradereporter   politico as he moderates e x i mac18 s panel discussion on trade  u s  jobs and growth opportunities w/…
rt  cleanairmoms   i ve got a little advice for  epascottpruitt  next time you re speeding 🚨 through washington  keep going   - repraskin h…
i have long pushed for transparency in washington  and i have made every meeting i have taken since being sworn in…
friday  come learn important steps to protect yourself from scams and financial fraud at our senior safe act  ident…
we celebrate clean air  clean water  and clean land  we only get one earth  and it s on us to protect the one we ha…
congrats to the two san-antonio area educators who were named as statewide winners at h-e-b s 17th annual excellenc…
the g o p tax scam is not about benefiting workers or growing our economy  it is about providing lofty tax cuts to the…
rt  wintersexpress  garamendi set to  brawl  over tunnels appropriation bill
 trickle-down  economics didn t work before and won t work again  the republican tax plan promises to help the mid…
celebrating black women on the hill
we need more women at the table where decisions are made  they are the backbone of our households and the ones lead…
today  we acknowledge the sacrifices made by our military spouses while their loved one keeps our country safe  tha…
the economy may be changing  but americans still want the opportunityto earn a great living and a great job   congr…
rt  public_citizen  scott pruitt used an obscure provision of the safe drinking water act to circumvent ethics requirements and hire a long…
congrats to my seapower colleague  robwittman on earning the  navyleagueus sea services award  glad to see the binn…
 fafsa with college tuition increasing every year  the federal government must do more to help students that are drowning in student debt 
on this national nurses day  huge shout to all the wonderful nurses who care for us  including my sister a nurse who…
good to see the nj building & construction trades council here in dc  we talked about the importance of…
40 days ago we learned about scott pruitt s  50-per-night condo rent deal with an energy lobbyist  40 days of scand…
this morning  i was glad to join the  lcmleague five-0 5k to support the 100 cub which cares for the families of fa…
thanks to all the seniors who came out for the mobile office hours that my staff held at senior centers in maspeth…
last september  i offered two amendments that would increase funding for  cbp and  icegov agents  use of body-worn…
here s the  scam  in the g o p tax scam  corporate ceos get a huge tax cut while middle-class families get a  2 3 tril…
   los pensionados de los sistemas de retiro sufrirán daños irreparables y muchos bonitas podrían perder sus inversiones 
happy birthday to rosa parks – a true shero that showed the world that sometime the best way to stand up is to sit…
🇺🇸 this military appreciation month  i m honoring the women and men who serve our country by vowing to ensure they g…
nevada is facing a serious shortage of affordable housing  across our country  low-income seniors  people with disa…
this stroke month i want to share my father s story  coach sewell taught math and coached basketball  football and…
rt  housedpcc  watch  repcicilline   repdankildee   rephankjohnson   repmarcykaptur   repbeatty &  whiphoyer speak out on the g o p tax scam…
rt  buzzfeednews  jewish community leaders and activists hold a sit-in on capitol hill and sing  we shall not be moved  in support of dream…
seeking asylum is not illegal  in fact  it s written into us laws to ensure that those w/ a credible fear of persec…
in honor of world autism awareness day  let s lightit up blue  congress4 l i u b
i  too  support patriotic parades along pennsylvania avenue 
rt  themdsc  thank you to sara outterson in the office of congresswoman niki tsongas for meeting with us this morning  and we were delighte…
smallbusinessweek is our annual reminder that hawaii is home to more than 267 000 small business employees who ma…
jazmin is a working mother with daca who wants to provide for her family  i called for a vote on the dream act so that she has a chance  1/2
hanging of at the cd 5 convention with siblings aisha and abraham  great young people
today  i signed a letter to house speaker expressing concern regarding efforts to undermine title x family planning 
in 1982  i graduated as selma high school s first black valedictorian  it was a public school that helped make me w…
right now students across the country are walking out of their schools and sending a message to congress to enact c…
proud to join  agschneiderman and so many ny colleagues today in standing against this administration s move to sup…
 and yet  last summer  when they had the devastating hurricanes in florida and texas  we  because we believe in thi…
mick mulvaney does not want you to see complaints against banks that bankrolled his campaigns
barry zuckerkorn s legal influence only grows 
it s fourth district day and kids from south bay s boys and girls club are having a blast in beautiful marina del r…
keeping  senatorreid in my thoughts this week  as any of his boxing opponents could tell you  he s tough  get well…
the flint water crisis was a wakeup call  we need to continue to support flint families and we also need to update…
despite all the other important issues facing our country  republicans in washington are spending yet another week…
rt  talataman  thank you to all those that marched in cities like boston and d c  around the world to demand an end to gun violence  enoug…
watch live 
we will defend  daca   we will win   repgutierrez  repraulgrijalva  unitedwedream  indivisibleteam
rt  votevets  today   repjohnlewis proposed an amendment to delay tax cuts until the u s  has withdrawn from all wars and eliminates its de…
rt  mleeashley  thanks for your leadership on behalf of taxpayers to close loopholes fair share  repcartwright  ronwyden  senatortomudall
underreported fact about chapstick  sometimes it s best if you can t find it 
rt  clairecmc  congress voted 517-5 to impose sanctions on russia  the president decides to ignore that law  folks that is a constitutional…
may is l e shistory month  i m proud to represent and celebrate one of our nation s most iconic neighborhoods  with a…
great things are taking place at today s farmers roundtable  congressman peterson has joined me in hosting today s…
dyk that  spcaoftexas offers  free  spay & neuter services for pets in 23 zip codes in south dallas  i m helping sp…
rt  whiphoyer  yesterday  i joined my friend  reppeteaguilar to meet with entrepreneur d r e a mers & business leaders who support the  dreama… 
the american people deserve health security  they deserve better than 56 irresponsible  gop  votes to repeal the  aca 
this news is exactly why congress needs to do more to help individuals who struggle with opioid dependence  this ep…
 kylegriffin1  mitchellreports  msnbc i misspoke  special counsel s investigation  the campaign to obstruct is from trump & co 
rt  alzadvocatefl  thank you   repstephmurphy for your dedication to the alzheimer s association this past year and for cosponsoring pcheta…
it has become a beacon for all and we will continue to endure in those beliefs regardless of those who wish to destroy our values 
may is older americans month  in congress i m fighting to protect nevada seniors  social security  medicare  and af…
latest on daca validates what we already knew  sessions & trump willing to lie to american people to pursue their a…
on the day the president wrongly attacks comey for being a  leaker and liar  he considers pardoning a convicted lea…
rt  sofiewhitney  19 years ago today  these 13 people were killed at columbine high school in colorado  whether you are participating in…
no one law will end gun violence  but we must take steps to reduce these tragedies on our streets and in our school…
rt  housedemocrats  the republican farm bill already makes drastic cuts to  snap   leaving millions of american families without food on the…
thank you to kevin roy  president of lowell s franco-american day committee  for joining me for pres …
 dangainor don t be so dramatic 
 usafmatthew  repandrecarson  usafmatthew  this ensures that the citizen-owned election system stays competitive in…
this mothers day  far too many mothers in america are struggling to afford the skyrocketing costs of the prescripti…
u s  must resume daca and accept new applications  federal judge rules via  nytimes
last week  i humbly accepted the army s distinguished civilian service medal  i thank our service members for all t…
rt  repmarciafudge  snap is the country s most effective anti-hunger program  helping 1 in 8 americans afford a basic diet  with most recip…
rt  keithellison  i know father patrick conroy  he s a good man  he was never partisan  he was always available  speaker ryan owes us an e…
a mind to work   bbc news - mental health care overhaul pledged by theresa may
facts vs propoganda  science vs  weird science    nasagoddard vs  wsj  breitbartnews 
this  usgao study dispels claims that disproportionate rates of discipline are based solely on income …
today i met with members of the national treasury employees union to discuss issues of importance to federal employ…
 in my experience  there s no such thing as luck   obi-wan kenobi may the4th be with you star wars day
reps  cicilline   jimlangevin announce  450k in federal funding for affordable housing  community development
 you can make people do anything if they re afraid   tbt to 2004 from my interview in the film fahrenheit 9/11 
kids should not have to worry about active shooter drills or burying their friends  gun violence rep demings town hall
let s end homophobia & stigma that prevents far too many from getting tested & accessing care  together we can…
you should read this article  it s on the long side  but i promise you  if you are committed to the fight to…
joined today by  ctdeepnews   ctportauthority & new london mayor  mep41 in support of the  epa s 2017 designation o…
rt  jacob_frey  no city does may day like mpls  awesome opportunity to celebrate our shared values & officially welcome spring  bonus for o…
we speed up efforts to improve our highways and prevent the constant traffic jams in our booming area that make our…
great meeting with  aaortho to discuss increasing access to health care and reducing the burdens of student loan de…
great day for college football in iowa  huge win for  cyclonefb and a solid win for  hawkeyefootball 
great talk today on how we can help working families get the most from their tax returns at  urbaninstitute  so man…
watch  2018 teacher of the year mandy manning s acceptance speech  may we all be fearless in our pursuit of peace…
with the    the g o p tax scam uses to give corporations and wealthy americans a tax break  we could pay for children …
as we honor dr  martin luther king jr  s legacy  let us remember the work that still must be done by those who valu…
rt  rosadelauro  every day without congressional action  120 d r e a mers lose their daca status because of  realdonaldtrump s immoral executi…
rt  pathtweets  icymi  earlier this week  senior representatives from us government agencies discussed how they are addressing health secur…
 scotus  justices should set the standard for integrity  not diminish the court s reputation by pandering to right-w…
while no deal s perfect  there s a lot in the funding bill congress passed today that will help washington state  h…
the king amendment would have devastating consequences  examples  overturn state bans on baby food containing bpa …
bringing new transportation options to underserved communities in the east bronx will improve the lives of commute…
mourning the deaths of those killed in nyc  thoughts & prayers to families & those injured  thanks to the 1st responders for their bravery 
on womens equality day we rededicate ourselves to fighting for equal pay  equal access to healthcare & paid leave 
if  potus wants the poor to rise  for children to have better futures  why is he working to take away their health…
so long austin  to all the amazing women i met this weekend - please keep speaking up about diversity in tech  your…
we re at  biosero where they financed their new building with an sba loan  now  they re able to create more softwar…
mndot workers installing signs designating i-35 stretch between forest lake and duluth as the  james l  oberstar me…
john bolton s record as an advocate for the iraq war makes him a completely unacceptable national security advisor …
it s not just us  he says it through his policies  through his staff  like john kelly and stephen miller   and thro…
rt  thehill  ann mclane kuster recalls sibling s opioid struggle 
rt  repjohnlewis  to the young people speaking up and speaking out today  my heart is with you  keep walking and keep marching all the way…
best advice i recently heard  don t agonize  organize 
federal farm bill negotiations threaten snap benefits via  wunc
i m deeply saddened to hear of the passing of former ga ag commissioner tommy irvin  sending my thoughts and prayers to the irvin family 
  repgregorymeeks  we cannot let boko haram win   bbog  4 years too long
this administration changes its mind faster than john bolton decides we should go to war 
i look forward to joining my colleague  repmarkpocan today as we hold a brainstorm session  unomaha to discuss coll…
rt  edworkforcedems  make sure you get covered  open enrollment in health insurance marketplace starts november 1 
rt  jesslindberg  thanks to  gerryconnolly for speaking at the reston/herndon chapter of  momsdemand tonight  expectus gunsense
glad we re showing students that congress stands with them  let kids learn
there is so much more we can do  and today s bipartisan school safety forum  convened by  senbillnelson &…
and the  fire hose  they use drowns social security and medicare  it s all part of their plan 
tbh i would be cool paying for his jet if he actually had done anything to protect the environment 
rt  repgutierrez  judiciary dems warn trump  don t fire mueller  sessions during house recess | thehill twill chi…
and being a good neighbor by giving back to the communities they serve  i commend each and every individual that ha…
still is  eight years ago today  president obama signed the affordable care act into law   housegop has been on a…
rt  usatoday  reps  steve cohen  luis gutierrez  al green  marcia fudge and adriano espaillat have introduced five articles of impeachmen…
congratulations to  speakercoughlin on receiving hubert humphrey friend of labor award & mike maloney  labor person…
congressman mcnerney net neutrality town hall feat  fcc commissioner mignon clyburn
today is election day  go out and vote for the candidate of your choice  hoy es día de elecciones use su voto   …
rt  hispaniccaucus    icegov should use its limited resources to target violent criminals not to harass d r e a mers  full statement-&gt https //…
in illinois  the richest 5% will get almost two thirds of the tax breaks -- g o p tax scam
this year s open enrollment period ends on december 15th  head over to to get covered 
i m really encouraged that we have so many people in our state dedicated to serving their community  thank you de…
we must address the dangers posed by the white supremacy movement & address that white supremacy extremists are des…
the  gop s balanced budget amendment isn t a sudden commitment to fiscal responsibility  it s a distraction from th…
another photo from my  politicsprose bookstore event tonight  bigguns gunlobby
i m excited to announce my guest for next week s state of the union address  ana campa castillo is a dreamer  and h…
rt  pbs  congressman tom suozzi discusses building relationships with people on both sides of the aisle   from  openmindtv 
at the white house  i called for passage of dream act before any tax breaks 
if you had  daca  and your daca issuance was cut short by  dhsgov  meaning dhs terminated your daca   you can renew…
rt  seattlerep  regarding veterans  affairs   repjimmcdermott says  we re great at sending troops out  it s a question of how we bring them…
today our office hosted representatives from cities across the 7th congressional district for a cops grants worksho…
usaid plays a key role in us foreign policy by strengthening our diplomatic relations & enhancing our national secu…
after exploding the debt by nearly  2 trillion with their g o p tax scam  the republican majority is intent on using a…
el personal de nuestra oficina ha estado en comunicación directa con la guardia costera de ee uu ante el incendio del ferry 
polluting pruitt s thoughts on being  epa administrator  treat yourself to the high life on the taxpayer s dime whi…
trump budget merely points out that the highway trust fund  which funds the restoration of our roads  will run out…
a fair and impartial judiciary is essential to the stability and success of our democracy  for our system to retain…
saddened by the tragedy and senseless loss of lives in orlando my most sincere sympathy to all the families and friends 
rt  margarb  keepin it real for mike - with joe   capuano4senate masen
today i met with  texasdshs commissioner  john hellerstedt  to discuss opioids prevention funding at cdc  preparedn…
the secretary of the u s  department of education does not believe we should be investing in school buildings  happ…
rt  repgregorymeeks  throughout his career in congress   mickmulvaneyomb was never pro-consumer  heck  he hated the  cfpb because it protec…
using the national guard to do border security is very expensive  for what it would cost the guard to make just two…
rt  visitthecapitol  flags at the us capitol have been lowered to half-staff until further notice to honor those who died in the tragedy in…
i support national school walkout day  standing united with the young students and leaders against gun violence  we…
today  we pause to remember the service members who made the ultimate sacrifice on this date 75 years ago during th…
he gave his life for us
 foxnews  repdianeblack use of slur  chain migration  intentionally distracts from the facts  it s called family i…
black panther shows our strength & brilliance  know that the power of wakanda is not all fiction -- africa is rea…
rt  martinomalley  eid mubarak to all those celebrating  especially to all muslim americans serving our country at home and abroad 
rt  votevets  dreamers have passed background checks  paid fees  attended college  and served in the military  now trump says they re not a…
holi is an exciting celebration of life  culture  diversity  and color  may you enjoy a bright and joyous spring  happy holi 
congrats to  sccld milpitas librarian fitzgerald for joining  libraryamerica wwi program through  nehgov   ca17 
it is important to remember that lending through the sba is significant for women & minority business owners  we ne…
 anaheimfire thank you to our firefighters for protecting lives and homes  canyon fire2
america was once a land of opportunity for the world s greatest minds  in his last speech in europe in 1933  albert…
right now  you can still apply to renew your daca  check here to see if you meet the requirements …
rt  jasonbordoff  this is why i ve long called for a strategic cheetos reserve
i was heartbroken over the weekend by the news of the passing of a true friend  steven bochco  a trailblazer of our…
on this world health day  more than half of the world s population lives without access to essential health services…
proud to help lead the  prochoicecaucus in the fight against  potus   anticipated rule giving health care providers…
for the 2nd time in 2 months philadelphia is having a championship parade  cityofchampions
erie county family court judge headed to capitol hill this week to accept national award from the  vrcaucus…
horrified by the senseless murders of our brave police officers who were guarding a peaceful protest last night  praying for dallas
rt  energycommerce  in unsurprising news  trump breaks his campaign promise to  derail the gravy train  on prescription drug prices  all th…
 bhm  spotlight  george  mickey  leland was a legislator from texas  18th district committed to fighting world hunge…
a big congrats to our central coast olympians  excited to see you compete in rio 
so many detractors told dr  king that now wasn t the right time to speak up  or that taking a stand was unpatriotic…
data security is a serious concern for many small businesses  i have introduced legislation to encourage smallbiz…
rt  repmarkpocan  today we celebrate national coming out day  everyone needs support  no matter where they are in their journey  we re here f…
this is outrageous and a huge waste of taxpayer money 
 forrest4trees tceq is a total failure when it comes to protecting texans 
great to see the namesake of the st  pete  cgwoodsonmuseum in today s google doodle  carter g woodson is one of our…
rt  danafowlefox5  a vet goes decades with no benefits  paperwork lost  guess who found it  callfor action vetera…
this is great news as  daca  renewals will be allowed to continue  but we can t let up the pressure on  speakerryan…
honored to attend the  nmaahc  dedication ceremony  amid the many challenges in our country  this museum is an impor…
day 28 of womens history month &  speakerryan continues to sit on his hands while 60 million americans go to work -…
the central coast knows firsthand the damage that oil spills have on our economy and our environment  i stand unite…
we can t play partisan games with our families  safety  that s why my bipartisan fra safety data improvement act—my…
advice for my colleague  repdonyoung  avoiding being  taken out of context  when making a holocaust analogy is easy…
it is unfathomable that congress s response to these mass shootings continues to be that of complete inaction 
the facts continue to pile up against the shameful g o p tax scam  showing it s not doing enough to help small busines…
rt  foodbankofde  thank you first lady tracey carney for visiting the after-school program at heritage elementary  nationalcacfpweek  john…
i am extremely disappointed in chairman conaway and speaker ryan s decision to ram through a partisan farm bill tha…
proud to join my colleagues in this important effort
tomorrow is the last day for high school students to submit artwork for the 2018 congressional art competition  i c…
the trump administration s outrageous assault on science seems to worsen each day 
i would just remind mike pompeo  our new secretary of state  that diplomacy is better than war  that we want to be…
a5  we first need to recognize that while we re all working towards the same goal of equality  not all women start…
happy 241st birthday marines  thank you for your service to our nation happybirthdaymarines
due to the g o p tax scam  the wealthiest 5% in maryland will receive the majority of the tax breaks in our state whil…
fact  democrats have offered 23 motions to bring the d r e a m act up for a vote in the house   housegop has blocked ev…
thank you to the national association of state departments of agriculture for your letter supporting our century fa…
blocking broadcom s hostile takeover attempt is good for san diego  our regional economy  and national security  th…
sad news  i am praying god will comfort her and her family 
joined  bakercollege-allen park & the  guidance_center for a critical discussion about how we can work together to…
the financial services committee has just voted 59-0 to approve the protecting veterans credit act  read about my b…
first responders are on the scene at marjory stoneman douglas high school  but the shooter is still at-large  for t…
if congress can t keep the government open  we shouldn t get paid  for more on the bill i am cosponsoring  the hold…
shocked & saddened by passing of gwen ifill  1 of nation s finest journalists  filled w integrity  prayers to family  friends & colleagues 
rt  tedxrainier  key takeaway from congressman  repjimmcdermott t e dx rainier
rt  ndicitizens  respect for other peoples rights is peace  powerful remarks on trans leadership from  repmikehonda out power16  victoryins…
rt  homelanddems  ranking member  benniegthompson statement on the trump shutdown ending his first year in office 
rt  repcohen  i previously joined colleagues in letter to trump demanding removal of pruitt from  epa   since then he s continued to dig hi…
was pleased to speak w the hartford medical society  i spoke about the challenges facing our health care system as…
i ve supported concrete and comprehensive proposals to bring rx drug costs down  if president trump really wants to…
i worked hard to include 6 additionally important amendments for hawaii in  ndaa17   find them here 
pilot training requirements supported by  3407families still in place more  specnewsbuffalo 
i had the opportunity to chat with patrick mulvaney last month about sacramento s farm-to-fork culture and his effo…
2/2 - we cannot continue down this path  more than half of the discretionary budget is spent on the military  we mu…
thank you to our incredible witnesses for speaking at today s bipartisan women s caucus hearing on sexual harassmen…
rt  usprogressives  from delaware to hawaii  the cpc is proud to stand with all of our members and  eleanornorton to support d c  statehood…
rt  avmavets  happy halloween from avma  see halloween pet safety tips at
the student non-discrimination act will put an end to discrimination in schools based on sexual orientation or gend…
rt  countyofsb  fraud alert  postings like the one in this photo have been put up throughout montecito & santa barbara  these are not offi…
rt  ctia  for their bipartisan support of wireless innovation  we honor women of congress &  housecommerce sub comm tech on this internati…
rt  nature_florida   repdarrensoto takes to the trails at our disney wilderness preserve for the launch of the florida wildlife corridor ex…
becoming an expert at animated readings of dr  seuss books  very attentive audience this morning at thacher element…
one of the greatest speeches in american history
congratulations to the three  cronkite_asu students who contributed to  azcentral s  pulitzerprizes-winning project 
high school students from every corner of the 3rd district put their artistic talents on display yesterday at my an…
rt  fairfieldcares  national prescription drug take-back day is this saturday  find us at the  fpdct from 10am-2pm to safely dispose of unw…
rt  reprokhanna  in 1983  congress recognized the need to reform social security so that benefits kept up with inflation and the cost of li…
public service announcement – the internal revenue service announced today that it is providing taxpayers an additi…
rt  repblumenauer  independent  diverse & local media is critical to a functioning democracy  that s why i joined reps  price and huffman t…
great to stand up for seniors alongside my brothers and sisters of organized labor 
rt  repdwightevans  there are 176 000 children in pa who rely on children s health insurance program  chip  for stability   survival  cuts…
the lack of urgency for the citizens of puerto rico is life-threatening  when is trump going to start acting on beh…
cryptocurrency
rt  takomaseth    anthonybrownmd4 will join the silver spring  md 2017 town hall on february 26  our reps show up m d ht…
yesterday  i spoke at a press conference about the bipartisan reclaim act  legislation that would revitalize coal c…
i hope the white house daca meeting with congress is not just for show  800 000 lives are in the balance and so is…
🚨🚨 coveredca members  tomorrow is the last day to renew your health insurance coverage for 2018  to sign up  visit
elizabeth was great  as usual 
what a pleasure to help dedicate  centralunion s new family ministry center  unlike many organizations that help ou…
congrats to  ibew local357 s  jatc  apprenticeship graduates  you re all a big part of n v01 s success 1u…
  washingtontrade knows starting tradewars with our partners isn t the answer and will only cause more chaos and c…
our democracy is under attack by a hostile foreign power  45 back on the golf course  what is he hiding 
rt  politico   i love my country   green wrote tuesday   for this reason  i will bring articles of impeachment to a vote in the house of re…
rt  congressmanraja    speakerryan may want to spend some more time talking with everyday folks – clearly  he must be confused about what t…
our veterans deserve stable  capable leadership at the va  not ongoing drama and chaos 
women will continue to lead the resistance  we ve done it for over a year  and we ll do it in november 
rt  repswalwell  firing rosenstein should be treated the same as firing mueller  period 
last night a judge ordered the administration to continue the daca program  we need to continue working for a long…
rt  interior  free entrance to all national parks on april 21 to celebrate the start of national park week  retweet to spread the word  fi…
*new* new rule  scott pruitt should play no role in epa decision-making
as the administration defends its muslim travel ban before  scotus   i cont  2 stand w/ the american muslim communit…
rt  leoshane  hasc considering now a proposal to  randomize  how members of a court martial are selected   repspeier says current process i…
thank you cars for this award & for your work on the safe rental car act  americans  safety must be our priority 
photo of the day 
8-in-10 people who got covered on in 2016 got financial help  lesson  coverage could be che…
 nometrealtors  nickalbares q5  what will this bill mean for middle-class louisianans who want to become homeowners…
rt  hidoe808  school closures  the following schools will be closed  friday  may 4 due to volcanic activity in the area  pahoa high & inter…
rt  kipeideberg  thank you  repbradashford for helping us celebrate all things manufacturing at  claas_america i make america m f gday16
 nytimesarts
open enrollment ends tomorrow  visit to get covered before the dec  15 deadline 
rt  garymartindc    repkihuen says  realdonaldtrump  lacks a firm grasp on reality  in his immigration policies and proposals for the milit…
my deepest condolences to loved-ones of the victims of yet another mass shooting in america  but when our children…
what s it going to take  no more moments of silence  action 
yesterday senate democrats filed a petition to vote to stop the repeal of net neutrality  the internet should be fr…
rt  repbillfoster    realdonaldtrump has denied the science of climatechange and let  epascottpruitt gut environmental regulations  it s d…
 realdonaldtrump  macroninenglish  whitehouse  cheddar americans deserve a congress that actually helps families fa…
helpful reminder  as  realdonaldtrump  kanyewest steal the spotlight   housegop continues to push 2018 farm bill tha…
mr  president  have you run this idea by working men & women in mi  the trans-pacific partnership is the same bad t…
wishing my wonderful wife janine and all mothers out there a happy mother s day 
rt  sensherrodbrown  dodd frank rollback literally  rewards  equifax – just months after the agency carelessly exposed the personal informat…
rt  edworkforcedems  this morning  the trump administration announced it is dismantling the  cfpb office that protects students borrowers f…
rt  housedemocrats  our hearts are heavy today with the passing of our colleague and dear friend congresswoman louise slaughter  she was a…
 tax cut offers only modest benefits for working class  — a  nytimes report from ohio on the g o p tax scam 
puerto rico merece tener democracia plena y dignidad plena—no merece menos 
i m live on facebook now to discuss the need to kill the drill 
today 35 of us in the bipartisan problem solvers caucus called on speaker ryan to commit to addressing d r e a mer prot…
thank you to my friend  colleague  & ranking member of the house ways & means cmte   reprichardneal for joining me…
great news  not only does  cascobaylines give thousands of tourists a taste of what maine islands have to offer  b…
rt  donnabrazile  hurricane nate is wildly unpredictable and wobbly irrational  please keep those in its path in your thoughts and prayers …
china  and its rule breaking  is a concern  and one that needs a well-thought-out strategy  tit-for-tat retaliatory…
a merger of  wearesinclair and  tribunemedia would be bad for consumers and bad for trusted local media content 
very proud of  senfeinstein for standing up to this president  he can use all the childish nicknames he wants  but…
this is exactly why environmental justice matters 
john kelly is presiding over a white house that is in chaos and dysfunction  he is complicit in both rob porter and…
it s net neutrality day of action and i want you to know where i stand  the internet is open  accessible  and full…
today i learned the law treats otters more humanely than the trump administration does immigrant families 
there is no place for these horrific abuses in our armed forces  i was proud to help pass last year s bipartisan…
earlier this week  i had the opportunity to share stories of empowerment with the  nc100bwde  i m proud to be a par…
  speakerryan &  realdonaldtrump think that if they can make receiving snap onerous enough  people will opt out  th…
i attended the growwithgoogle event today and was pleased to see that google is invested in helping prepare people…
loved sean s submission for my poetry showcase  watch here 
pumped for  sixers vs celtics  one of the best rivalries when i was growing up  let s go sixers   
rt  wgbhnews  rep  lynch   this type of conduct is absolutely unacceptable  and it has career-ending  life-altering consequences  
rt  khurley54  vote for mike capuano today  very important election so get out to the polls   masen
the fall is a great time to visit dc  my staff can help you schedule a wh and capitol tour if you re visiting …
rt  johnfkirby63  the iran deal is working  nothing netanyahu said today disputes that  want to go after iran s missiles  fine  want to…
rt  hardball  tonight on hardball  the new york times has revealed dozens of questions mueller wants to ask trump  we ll get the latest fr…
questioned financial oversight & management board for pr executive director natalie jaresk  revitalization coordina…
rt  repraskin  8 years ago the deepwater disaster poured 5 million barrels of oil into the gulf of mexico  killing 11 people & destroying t…
rt  cnnpolitics  rep  maxine waters  white house chief of staff john kelly needs to apologize to rep  frederica wilson
rt  waysmeanscmte  tomorrow  the trump administration s new steel and aluminum tariffs go into effect  this morning   reprichardneal and w&…
the disproportionate power of moneyed interests to influence public policy and election outcomes is deeply concerni…
rt  repalgreen  please see my statement on the impeachment vote 
i m not surprised that our very own  cityofpismo is a finalist for  usatoday s  best coastal small town   let s hel…
helicopter crash in the east river is a horrible tragedy  praying for the victims and all who are impacted  thanks…
womens history month neurologist and activist suzanne ahn was a dedicated doctor and philanthropist in supporting ci…
low income home energy assistance program  liheap  helps families experiencing energy crises manage their bills and…
public comment on this proposal is set for 10 45 a m  on friday  april 6 at the chase center in wilmington  public…
the 1st rule in the house s code of official conduct states  a member  delegate  resident commissioner  officer  or…
rt  annamariadp  rep  gerry connolly   president trump  in having us leave this treaty  has us leave without a parachute  there is no follo…
when people are unified behind a mission and refuse buckle under adversity change will come  leon county  florida…
rt  hungerfreectr   snap  doesn t keep people in poverty in lifts people out of poverty - diane  witnesses_bos witnesses chat farm bill  sna… 
rt  repdwightevans  as members of the house & senate agriculture committee  we ve had countless meetings across philadelphia and pennsylv…
i enjoyed meeting with  centralgaemc to discuss ways to provide access to reliable broadband and robust rural devel…
joining letter urging potus to consult and receive authorization from congress before ordering additional use of m…
i wish that  realdonaldtrump would actually listen to students and teachers like i did at my my town hall in east b…
 katherinebscott irregular order
rt  medillonthehill    replloyddoggett   it s clear by now that trump talks like a populist and governs like a plutocrat   via  lilyelizaja…
rt  readyla  skirball fire evacuation centers to the north  delano rc  15100 erwin balboa rc  17015 burbank van nuys sherman oaks rc  142…
i am preparing to defend in congress  charlesallen bill to lower voting age in dc to 16  if passed by  councilofdc …
in so many ways  our oldest friendship  thank you general lafayette  thank you president macron 
happy birthday   repjaredpolis  grateful for your work to promote good schools across america so that every child h…
although the jcpoa is not perfect  its enactment was a critical step in keeping nuclear weapons out of iran s hands…
another reason we must fight for an open internet & stop the repeal of net neutrality before it stops our state s s…
need assistance with a federal agency  my staff will be holding office hours in your neighborhood today  stop by t…
while i disagree with  speakerryan on many policy issues  i have personally found him to be a good man with a kind…
great to attend whitman s little league opening day  thank you to wbsa president dan driscoll  vp josh brennan and…
due to the weather  our mobile office in plainfield is cancelled  i ll be sure to reschedule it for next month  ple…
he told us he was the great deal maker  well  with republican control of the white house  the senate and the house…
i am pleased to see the trump administration reverse their earlier proposal to exorbitantly increase park fees  our…
joining cowboys nation in wishing my friend and dallas cowboys legend  emmittsmith22 a very happy birthday 
trump and the republicans want to kick 15 million people off medicaid  they are fundamentally changing the program…
thanks to the students from  ccrinews s  rideca for coming in to discuss the beneficial impacts of  cte  programs 
rt  miguel_romero_  en la tarde de hoy trabajando junto al congresista  darrensoto  quien es un aliado en los asuntos de puerto rico y quie…
sad to hear of the passing of my colleague and friend  louiseslaughter  she was a powerful voice in congress throug…
nineteen years after the horrors at columbine  the inaction of some allows the scourge of gun violence to continue…
i thank you for being good citizens👍🏽
my staff will hold mobile office hours in shiprock tomorrow  january 26  to speak with anyone who may need help wit…
rt  repkarenbass  this mothers day  i stand with immigrant mothers simply seeking a better life for their children  we must stop inhumane f…
my response to the ongoing government shutdown 
it s almost game time  rt if you re ready for  huskerfbnation to take on  ohiostatefb   gbr 
access to clean air is a fundamental human right  dumping pollution on to low income communities and communities of…
in this time100 piece   chrisborland_ writes of  the quiet courage of dr  ann mckee  and her research on chronic t…
 cbcdemandsjustice   naacp
frustrated by inaction and proud to sit in w/  housedemocrats to demand a vote on gun safety now  we refuse to wait for the next tragedy 
remembering lives of sf mayor george moscone & city supervisor harvey milk who were shot to death inside city hall…
rt  andrewgoodmanf  earlier this month  vote everywhere alumna valencia richardson joined  corybooker and  congressmanraja to introduce the…
as we approach earth day  a reminder that climate change isn t just an environmental issue
rt  repjohnlewis  50 years ago today  i learned the painful news that my friend  my mentor  dr  martin luther king  jr  had been assassinat…
césar chávez never stopped fighting for fairness and justice  today  on césar chávez day  we honor his legacy as a l…
in case today s media reports leaves anyone wondering i want to clearly restate that i will be a candidate for re-e…
same   ariezrawaldman  also  glad i didn t catch that look during our  sxsw panel 
at  mercedarts last night  we announced the 2nd place winner of this year s district-wide congressional art competi…
next thursday  may 17th is the beginning of the contra costa fair in antioch  for more information 
 vanitaguptacr  the census should not be weaponized for political gain   2020 census everyone counts
this week  i welcomed gerald  d anthony and zion to capitol hill to present their computer application  stem advent…
we had a wonderful time at this morning s gospel concert hosted by  rubendiazjr in coop city  thank you to everyone…
make sure you follow me on  snapchat to see what my  officialcbc colleagues and i have to say about tonight s  sotu 
ice should focus its time & resources on hardened criminals who threaten the safety of our communities & stop teari…
michigan is driving the future in these areas & it was great to have  brendancarrfcc here to see all the innovative…
this is so disturbing  i hope prime minister  narendramodi will quickly take steps to address this violence  we ne…
great to speak with  uscoastguard commandant  admzukunft today about the coast guard s funding needs at today s…
the va secretary runs largest & most important integrated health care system in u s  — a difficult job  even for mo…
productive meeting w/canadian consul general  cgyaffe in paterson on our partnership & the ongoing  nafta  negotiat…
according to the  lungassociation report  more than 4 in 10 americans live in counties with unhealthy levels of…
i wish you and your family good tidings and cheer  merry christmas 
caught up with the westchester county association of fire chiefs this week in washington  these guys are out there…
rt  politicolive    repjohndelaney on the artificial intelligence caucus in congress   we can maximize technology s force for good with sma…
thank you to everyone who attended our recent passport fair  if you were unable to attend and still need assistance…
on earth day we remember that we borrow the land we live on from future generations & have a responsibility to prot…
rt  congressmanraja  firing deputy fbi director andrew mccabe on a friday night is an attack on law enforcement staggering in both its cowa…
pleased to see that  hudgov has extended the foreclosure moratorium for an additional 60 days in puerto rico and…
today marks 1460 days since boko haram abducted 276 schoolgirls  112 are still missing   bbog 
wisconsinites  open enrollment is soon  nov 1 - dec 15th  make sure you have everything you need to get covered 
rt  mayorharrykim  due to the instability of the situation  no one is allowed into leilani estates or lanipuna estates  which are under man…
remember  the flint water crisis wasn t a natural disaster  it was the consequence of politicians prioritizing tax…
rather than tweeting reckless statements   realdonaldtrump should spend his asia trip searching for a diplomatic resolution to this conflict
racist 
tomorrow  wed  is deadline for  congressionalac app challenge   ma09  students  go 2 to register & submit by 12 noon
facebook s hesitation to apply privacy rules should not be determined by what is best for their bottom line or geog…
rt  tomcolicchio  excellent summary on why the farm bill matters from my friend  repblumenauer  grab your copy…
if you are experiencing power outages please contact your county offices for emergency management  middlesex   732…
so glad you all could stop by 
may is asian pacific american heritage month  an occasion to celebrate this diverse and dynamic group of americans num…
i ll be live on  cnn in a few minutes to discuss foreign policy matters  including syria  n korea  and the pompeo c…
the  sbagov s district offices across the country are dedicated to helping entrepreneurs create and develop busines…
delaware has a talented and dedicated workforce  an ideal location and quality of life that s second to none  we st…
still time to vote for the james e  sullivan award for most outstanding amateur athlete  ct s annie peavy has inspi…
i mourn the lives lost in india and pray for their families and all touched by this horrific weather event 
this morning  i m in a house committee on homeland security hearing on strengthening the safety and security of our…
we can t take anything for granted  trump changes with the wind & gop leadership is still in our way  we need to pr…
proud of  publix for doing the right thing for the people 
rt  alexckaufman  top democrats  repdonbeyer and rep   gerryconnolly ask the epa s very busy inspector general to open an investigation int…
 ny16  residents  don t forget to sign up for my e-newsletter for updates regarding what i m working on in washingto…
i have been working tirelessly for long-term  bipartisan  budget solutions that will help our government serve the…
once again  the trump admin has put its politics ahead of protecting our people — in this case  our children 
thank you  thisoldhouse for coming to dc to bring much-needed attention to apprenticeships  i hope our collaborati…
residents can call these numbers for information  canyon fire2
my heart breaks for the victims & families of the tragic shooting at aztec hs today  while details are still coming…
rt  sbagov  in celebration of national small business week  join sba for a twitter chat on  how to start and grow a business  on may 4 at 12…
my thoughts and prayers are with those injured in today s  septa crash in upper darby  glad to hear no life threatening injuries   udpolice
rt  centralkitsap  thank you  repderekkilmer for visiting olympic high school today to talk about career and technical education  we were s…
i am shocked that chairman royce apparently believes that legitimate and substantive issues should never be debated…
small businesses and family-owned businesses are the backbone of our american economy  i visited frank toyota in na…
need tax help  my office is here to help you with stalled tax refunds and we may be able to connect you with free f…
schakowsky questions zuckerberg s apology
11 years ago  we lost 32 students & educators at virginia tech to gunviolence  unfortunately   housegop failed to…
we all hold a responsibility to be good stewards of our world and the future we hope to see for our children 
there are already too many empty chairs at the dinner table  congress must listen to the will of the people & take…
grateful to hear that kim hak-song  tony kim & kim dong-chu are on their way home to loved ones after being wrongfu…
while epa s expected announcement on fuel economy is not surprising from this administration  it is critical that a…
the great lakes are essential to countless wisconsinites who live  work & play in these magnificent waters  i m pr…
congratulations to  senduckworth on giving birth to a wonderful baby girl  tammy has been breaking barriers her who…
this letter aims to ensure that the limited resources we currently have available at the federal level are directed…
christia adair fought for the right to vote for both women and african americans  as a member of the naacp she work…
i m here at  spcaoftexas for my first marc means business work day of 2018  kicking things off with a quick animal h…
me place anunciar q el gob fed otorgó  625mil en fondos federales para prevenir el consumo de drogas entre los jóvenes 
i strongly oppose florida gov rick scott s scheme to limit health services to our disabled neighbors and families…
on average  women earn 80 cents for every  1 paid to male counterparts  for women of color  the wage gap is much la…
erie county family court judge lisa bloch rodwin to be honored in d c  watch live
on constitution day2016 we celebrate the importance of upholding our precious civil liberties & living up to america s founding ideals 
rt  politicolive   if people are going to move from industry to industry   the [benefits] that have traditionally been delivered by employe…
thank you   nycfirstlady for reminding us that being an overcomer doesn t mean we have to be strong every day  the…
happy frederick douglass200  mr  douglass is a point of pride for  roc  & that s why i was proud when congress passe…
the gop claimed their tax plan would benefit working men & women  months later on tax day  many workers have not se…
rt  cspanwj  rep  bill foster  d-il  joins us to discuss his concerns about science policy & personnel under the trump administration
today we remember louisiana s own fmr  congresswoman lindy boggs  mrs  boggs was the 1st woman elected to congress…
while sinclair peddles right-wing talking points written by former trump staff in stations across the country  chec…
we give more to successful programs that make sure everyone has a roof over their head  a blanket to keep them warm…
working to protect open internet and save net neutrality  i just sent a letter signed by 118 members of congress to…
it would be great if  epascottpruitt kept as close of a watch on corporate polluters as he did on the climate chang…
let s celebrate small businesses all over san diego  be sure to shopsmall and support your local stores during sma…
it was an honor to join louise s family  friends  and colleagues to celebrate her life today  louise was a dear  de…
rt  nancypelosi    speakerryan must stop  housegop efforts to hinder or end the investigation of russia s meddling in our elections  read m…
proud to have pushed for  200 million transportation infrastructure finance and innovation act  tifia  low interest…
this week i introduced a bill that would suspend construction of natural gas facilities in communities with unsafe…
the russians — and the midterms — are coming | by  benniegthompson  repbrady
planning a visit to dc  we can help you and your ohana schedule tours of the us capitol  library of congress & more 
it was a pleasure to present  littlebigtown with the creators leadership award at the g r a m m y s on the hill  the use of…
as i told  rollingstone  the  fcc is attempting to use an obsolete loophole to pave the way for sinclair media s ta…
i fully support the  agbecerra california lawsuit and urge the president to allow a full count of our nation 
april 14 will mark 4 years -- 1460 days -- since boko haram abducted 276 schoolgirls  we must never stop fighting t…
rt  foxandfriends    repgaramendi  let s be hopeful that north korean summit leads to denuclearization  but at the same time let s not get…
republicans said the g o p tax scam would help the middle class  in reality  people at the very top will ultimately ge…
rt  seaportnw    repdennyheck on trade and the importance of export-import bank  we are the only industrialized nation without a functioni…
 az01  residents impacted by the tinder fire can find the latest updates on inciweb   coconinocounty has added anoth…
rt  cleanairmoms  thank you   reppaultonko for calling out  epascottpruitt s toxic agenda  from silencing science to rolling back vital pro…
congratulations to our 1st place winner  tanisha lord  from medgar evers preparatory high school for her piece enti…
mike pompeo s disregard for diplomacy  his partisan ploys & mindless militarism make him dangerously unfit to be ou…
great day yesterday at the working peoples  day of action  itsaboutfreedom unrigthesystem
it was great to attend the hingham town meeting this evening  thank you town moderator michael puzo for allowing me…
the  nra  talking points border on absurd  does not being able to bring guns to mar-a-lago cost you your freedom  is…
 otd   eight years ago  the deepwater disaster spill unleashed five million barrels of oil into the gulf of mexico –…
thanks for joining us  always honored to host my series of veterans town halls each year 
rt  m4hand  excited to participate in a  georgemasonu workgroup this afternoon on culture change in our community around the opioid crisis …
congratulations to naperville north high school  best of luck in the finals   nsb2018 
happy to join my colleague  rep  anthony brown for a tour of the newport news shipyard this morning 
 jwmcgaw  tennessean hi  john  yes  it s open to all and an annual event hosted by the interdenominational minister…
believe it   realdonaldtrump 
the president missed a significant opp  to work with our allies to strengthen the weaknesses in the jcpoa and inste…
the only real infrastructure action in the trump budget is asking state and local governments to shoulder the costs…
today we celebrate 9 years of the lilly ledbetter fair pay act  i was proud to bring this bill to the floor as rule…
we cannot allow other young athletes to suffer abuses faced by the brave survivors of larry nassar  the bipartisan…
congratulations to logan tsukiyama from maui waena intermediate in kahului for being selected to participate in th…
devastated over the passing of my colleague louise slaughter  she was an outstanding public servant  did a great jo…
rt  samstein  scott pruitt s infamous 48-hour rome trip  4 hours of official business  5 5 hours of private dining  including at one of r…
the use of chemical weapons is absolutely condemnable  but the american people deserve to know the long-term strate…
pleased to announce that i ve nominated 29 students from northern nm for admission to our us service academies  nam…
this morning  i met with representatives of the sugarbeet growers association to learn more about issues facing fam…
next up  we visited  vibetheater in the heart of community board 8  where executive director toya lillard uses the…
i am fighting for a free and open internet  that s why i joined  usrepmikedoyle and more than 140 colleagues in int…
what lengths will  potus  go to protect his public image 
small biz have created 40% of all new jobs in the american economy over the past 20 years  during…
i strongly disagree with the decision to reject the  jcpoa   this will likely hurt american consumers at the pump  a…
i am excited that the community support shuttle is back on the road as of today  now more people will have the abil…
  housegop tax plan allows corporations to deduct salt  but repeals the individual deduction  why  billionairesfirst
i asked zuckerberg if congress should define the legal duty private companies have to their customers  with respec…
walter jones of north carolina has courage of convictions and been the gary cooper of house republicans  sponsoyof…
today i joined my colleagues to write to  govlarryhogan asking critical questions about the hyperloop project  we w…
rt  homelanddems  happening now  election security task force press conference with  nancypelosi  benniegthompson  cedricrichmond  repzoelo…
to the young people speaking up and speaking out today  my heart is with you  keep walking and keep marching all th…
the notion that the us could have service members in any country where there has ever been an isis presence – relyi…
rt  aucollegedems  tonight   repjimmcdermott talks global health and malaria prevention  all are welcomed to attend  see who s going 
any honest effort by congress to address the opioids epidemic must include measures to stabilize and strengthen the…
it s time to pass gun safety legislation  there are bipartisan proposals that the vast majority the country support…
vaccines work to give life-long protection from polio to every child  over 400 million children are vaccinated eac…
i applaud  austin_police and our federal law enforcement officers for their work to protect austin 
mr  morita was my 7th grade math teacher & he changed my life  he looked out for me & got me on right track  on…
over the next couple of weeks  i ll be holding a number of town halls across my district  i look forward to discuss…
rt  reppeteaguilar    realdonaldtrump s attacks on d r e a mers cut to the core of communities  and his extremist immigration  principles  wil…
here on the central coast  we re lucky to live near the scenic and pristine channel islands national park  i m cele…
this is simply unacceptable  i m grateful to the countless women & victims who are coming forward to share their st…
right now  our country is engaged in an important conversation about sexualharassment  we have to listen to those…
this holocaust remembrance day we remember the countless lives lost to repulsive evil  may we never forget the event…
students will chart the course of our nation s future  if adults try to ignore your words  rest assured that we wil…
sobre las mascostas del ferry la  uscg nos comunica q estarán realizando una segunda búsqueda hoy para tratar de encontrar a las 2 restantes
rt  welcome2thebx   billdeblasio foolishly thinks south bronx residents will allow new jail in mott haven so easily read the statements f…
trump pardons  scooter  libby in cia leak case  libby leak
  wapo reported that  potus  spent the weekend asking aides if he should try to end the shutdown  i find that both…
it s tax day – which means my republican colleagues will be talking up the g o p tax scam until they are blue in the f…
i strongly recommend   15 years ago  i helped start a war that hasn t ended  by  mattufford in  nytimes …
det  van putten s service has given so much to our community  we are forever grateful for the hours she has put her…
keeping our environment clean and safe should not be a partisan issue  and that is why i support the effort by demo…
 lift every voice and sing  till earth and heaven ring…  james weldon johnson wrote these lyrics while princip…
dancing    
the 2019 ndaa includes  3 1 million for the kc-135 beddown to add flight simulator training at  macdill_afb 💪…
new on langevin hits the rhode  i had the opportunity to tour  rifreeclinic with  senjackreed  senwhitehouse…
rt  holly_harris  great to be with our dear friends  prisonfellowshp for secondchancemonth  honored to be on a panel with congressman  tgo…
rt  yllennodmas  huge thank you to  peterwelch for taking time to speak to constituents and answer questions  extremely proud to have congr…
rt  antitrustcaucus  the co-chairs of the  antitrustcaucus are  usrepricknolan   reprokhanna   repmarkpocan   davidcicilline  and  keithell…
petition season is still in full swing and we need your help to circulate  it s still beautiful outside  let s   
excited to be in mount vernon today for the 34th tulip festival street fair  looking forward to meeting the local v…
just last week  36 ags and i sent a letter to facebook ceo mark zuckerberg demanding answers on behalf of all those…
proud to have been a part of securing this  350 000 federal investment in the economic growth and future of…
great meeting with members of  uawregion9a to discuss the right to bargain  relief to puerto rico  and fighting for…
oil drilling off the pacific northwest coastline poses a devastating threat to the fishing  shellfish and tourism i…
the  realdonaldtrump administration just proposed a budget with devastating cuts to medicare  medicaid   snap  & o…
it s latina equal pay day  and we must recognize the lifetime losses and effects from the wage gap  trabajadoras
national nurses week is an excellent time to recognize our nurses for all they do to help us get well and stay heal…
calling on all california members to sign onto my letter asking senators  kamalaharris and  senfeinstein to block…
have you pre-ordered big guns yet 
we need to pass policies that actually help american families  fund  chip  and c h cs  protect d r e a mers  & provide l…
and this is exactly the problem  republican negotiators are unwilling- or maybe genuinely unable– to address more t…
i m proud to co-sponsor the  gvro  act  which is designed to prevent people who pose a threat to themselves or other…
i & three other members led 148 of our colleagues in asking paul ryan why he fired father conroy  there was no good…
rt  miamidadepd  save the date  join us on thursday  may 3rd at 7 00 pm as we pay tribute to all federal  state and local law enforcement of…
rt  usrepricknolan  proud to join  repjohnconyers and  senmarkey s bill to prevent an unconstitutional first strike on north korea 
good to see some of our more recent democratic norms continuing 
rt  cspan    repalgreen   yesterday  58 persons voted to impeach donald john trump  president of the united states of america  
i commend  nygovcuomo on today s announcement to remove guns from domestic abusers and close a loophole in new york…
massachusetts doesn t want drilling off our coasts  i made sure secretary zinke heard us loud and clear at our…
always good to see the leaders of california humanities in town advocating for programs that help students get a co…
now is the time for the president to stand by his commitment and actually drain the swamp  i hope he will hold his…
as a tech entrepreneur   rachren1 faced egregious sexual harassment from powerful men  at our hearing she asks the…
proud of our kids at  abingtonschools
honored to receive the 2017 humane award from the  humanesociety  we must continue to ensure the protection and wel…
i am extremely grateful to mayor tom koch and the families of quincy for choosing me to receive quincy s community…
the rising cost of higher ed forces students to take on an inordinate amount of debt  it was great meeting w/ membe…
i got the 👍to start placing steel wire that keeps the hi-def camera in place during final installation  this…
it s a critical week in the fight to protect our care  so here are the most harmful parts of graham cassidy  worst version of trumpcare 1/16
people want us to work together  people want us to get something done  bipartisanship the hill newsmaker  newseum w…
severe weather is approaching our area  you can follow  nws_baltwash for more information  please be safe 
too often  we forget that healthcare is about more than numbers  it s about real people  eight years ago  the aca…
happy earth day  today s the day to go outside and appreciate all this wonderful planet has to offer  how are you c…
it destabilizes our military and weakens us  why are we turning away qualified individuals  who have already proved…
rt  vermontfoodbank  today  peterwelch joined  citizensbank and vermont foodbank to celebrate our new citizens bank sponsored box truck to…
thank you  pdxindivisible for your partnership as we continue standing up against attacks on members of our communi…
for my wonderful mother  carol clay  for my wife pat  and for all moms everywhere   thank you for your enduring lov…
at a time when it would be easier to do and say nothing about gun violence  dicks has taken action to reduce the nu…
houston s own  beyonce is giving us the dream performance at the 2018  coachella  i am very proud of the artist  en…
great thread by  officialcbc for  whm2018  on women who inspire us all 
there are many different ways to examine house members  effectiveness but i m proud of this chart released today sh…
lack of adequate funding is by far the biggest barrier to rebuilding our nation s crumbling infrastructure and the…
exactly 50 years after the launch of head start let s ensure the window of opportunity stays open for our nation s at-risk kids head start50
 breaking    housegop just passed extreme 2018 farm bill out of house ag cmte on party line vote  silencing…
this morning i asked veterans  advocates what we must do to fill staffing shortages at the va   vfwhq s patrick m…
rt  civilbeat  sen   maziehirono &  repmarktakai introduce bill to support coral reef conservation hawaii
today s federal court ruling confirms what i ve been saying for months  that the  thejusticedept cannot play politi…
rt  adpikelly  wonderful meeting with  unlvaxid marie falcone &  repkihuen to talk about important legislation affecting the greek communit…
democrats are about our future – about our children  that is who we spend every day working to support  pelosi at g u a better deal
incredible video  we must always remember the power of peace and love  we must always remember the importance of re…
the  nih_nhlbi has declared february heart month to encourage americans to take the movewith heart pledge and commi…
i posted a new photo to facebook
rt  repdwightevans  it is the agenda of trump and a republican-led congress to make the lives of poor  hard-working americans more difficul…
the moocher states are trying to take back the bipartisan investment that s being made for the gateway program -- a…
the citizenship question is a scam designed to intimidate and silence people who  like all americans  are seeking t…
icymi  my call for accountability on us highways  i spoke out last week against an amendment that would protect bro…
more proof that the fight to save net neutrality is gaining strength  net neutrality
i must express my deep concerns about the president s nominee to oversee the va  while i am grateful for his servic…
the affordable care act has been working for millions of americans  and the gop knows it  now  it s time for them t…
rep  johnson urges his colleagues to support the music modernization act 
naomi and nikia encourage you to apply to our summer internship program  applications due tonight …
it was an honor presenting  slopdchief deanna cantrell with the 2018 congressional woman of the year award  chief c…
thoughts are with my colleagues traveling to west virginia and all involved in this collision  praying everyone is…
i ll be hosting a veterans-focused town hall on january 25th  i hope you can join me for this discussion on the pre…
thank you  housedemocrats tom and the trades
happy first day of spring  how are you celebrating 
let s make it 2-0    loyola strong   
 ccbrtx4  fiverrules  allahpundit funny  because i ve spent the last several months  including last friday  looking at the evidence 
sec  devos is denying loan forgiveness for those defrauded by for-profit colleges without explanation to victims 
the president s budget reads like a copy of the hunger games  his infrastructure plan sticks states and local govs…
looking for a job  internship or other career resources  be sure to come to my youth job and resources fair this sa…
rt  davita  thank you  repraskin for your support on advancing integrated care for dialysis patients by cosponsoring h r  4143  dialysis…
idea mcallen campus visit
this is a thinly-veiled attempt to bully immigrants and politicize the us census  i m glad that california is stepp…
as the irish vie for the title  their biggest inspiration will be looking on
i m hosting a free tax preparation event next friday  march 9th in imperial county  please call my office at  760 …
rt  newday  cnn s  chriscuomo   do you want to see the president of the united states subpoenaed  you lived through that once   rep  jerry…
rt  joshdorner  new   senatordurbin calls on sessions to come clean about potential collusion between doj and texas regarding  daca  litigat…
as an undergraduate student  georgetown  i had the privilege of serving as an intern for congressman de la garza 
i am proud to be working with my democratic colleagues to make sure the funding agreement will include the biparti…
attn local hs students & parents  my office is hosting a military academy night 4/12 in clarksburg  rsvp here 
national walkout day is a call to action  many dems are hearing the call  but not enough republicans in congress are…
breaking   acadianps boundary clarification act just passed the house  this bipartisan bill  led by  reppoliquin  w…
rt  jacksonleetx18  cohen vehemently denied ever being in prague  now we learned that he was lying  another item in the steele dossier conf…
had a substantive discussion today with  unlv students regarding the gun violence epidemic in our country  i m prou…
enjoyed starting national police week by joining  lacrossepolice to honor the officers who lost their lives protecti…
congrats to krista simpson anderson  the army s military spouse of the year  thanks for the work you do for our ser…
tomorrow  all national parks have free admission for m l k day  including  yosemitenps  for more information …
vote  help pick the community choice winner of my 2018 congressional art competition  featuring work by louisville…
rt  elsolacademy  our  elsolacademy fifth graders loved learning at the  dodstarbase  thank you so much congressman  alanlowenthal for your…
congratulations to the talented constitution teams from  lhscards and grant high schools in portland for both makin…
i m in puerto rico today with  senwarren and the  ma  delegation to see firsthand the condition of the island  and g…
rt  reptimwalz  to those who are currently serving overseas  get home safely  to those here at home  enjoy the time you have with your fami…
as we observe holocaust remembrance day  we mourn and reflect on all those killed in the holocaust  including six m…
rt  usatodayopinion  from  repjimcooper and  repohalleran  the  ensuring patient access and effective drug enforcement act  hurts  dea  effo…
rt  edworkforcedems   icymi  this morning  democratic leaders announced a bold new economic plan to give workingfamilies a better deal to su…
rsvp for i am an overcomer by using this link 
today  let us honor those we lost and the heroes who rushed toward danger with acts of kindness and a commitment to…
this morning  houseforeign marks up a number of bills including the global electoral exchange act  legislation i ve…
the middle class is dramatically being left behind  and in some cases  run over by the republican tax bill
cambridge analytica has been on the mueller investigation s radar since december  we need to continue to…
my statement from today s press conference endorsing marie newman for congress in illinois  3rd district    
high crimes and misdemeanors
rt  louiseslaughter  don t miss this  politico story about  speakerryan s record-breaking closed congress 
if you had told me a year ago that  speakerryan would still be refusing to stand up to  realdonaldtrump & protect t…
  potus  appointment of  ambjohnbolton to serve as national security advisor is disastrous  he could not secure sen…
we ve lost two reporters this week who will be remembered by history as giants in their field--one white  one black…
i had a great time at the fiesta parade last weekend with  carbajalsalud and some of  forestservice s finest 
i posted a new photo to facebook
hope everyone s enjoying the 85th annual dover days festival  net d e visit d e
rt  kylegriffin1  maxine waters   there is an organized effort by republicans  in concert with fox news  to spin a false narrative and conj…
simply too many unknowns about the long-term effects of offshore fracking  we must know more 
 shevrinjones on senate bill 7026   what are we doing to make sure that the african-american community is addressed…
rt  coveredca  alert  there s still time  the enrollment deadline for coverage starting january 1 has now been extended to december 22  ac…
today i participated in a bipartisan briefing with drug enforcement professionals and public health officials 
students have until monday  april 30 to submit their art to the congressional art competition  join me tuesday  may…
planned parenthood plays a critical role in meeting the health care needs of low-income & underserved men & women across philly stand with p p
today  my colleagues and i introduced a series of bills to protect the environment by closing loopholes in the oil…
it is time that america s small businesses and families get what they deserve—a better deal  from rep  meeks state…
as a shopper and as a congressman  i m thrilled to have a company like shoprite thriving  growing & investing in no…
open enrollment starts in just one week  this is the time to get covered and choose a plan that works best for you…
  cdcgov study found 8% of deaths were associated with inadequate levels of physical activity  it underscores the n…
as we conclude black history month  let s continue to tell the stories of the countless african americans who have h…
  repveasey  the chibok girls must be reunited with their families   bbog  4 years too long
my re-election campaign was endorsed by  nfib for supporting small businesses in  mn07  
hope to see you on march 27th at our antioch town hall   repdesaulnier and i look forward to hearing from you and d…
as the daughter of two educators and the product of public schools  i know the power of public education  that s wh…
every kid outdoors has been approved by the natural resources committee  thanks to chairman bishop …
 tbt  to august 1989  when starting to draft hopwa  the housing opportunities for people with aids act  world a i d s day
republicans in congress know that tax cuts for the wealthy don t pay for themselves – they just want to use the def…
contrario a lo q han dicho algunos políticos en la isla  promesa sí provee un camino claro para que pr descarte su estatus territorial 
as delaware s biggest employer  the state should lead on paid parental leave both for the well-being of our current…
merry christmas  feliz navidad  chúc mừng giáng sinh an lành và hạnh phúc  聖誕快樂 wishing everyone a safe and happy h…
rt  keithellison  the consumer financial protection bureau instituted a simple rule that said car lenders can t charge more based on race …
it was an honor to meet with these  fresno_state students yesterday  their strength  dedication to their community …
thank you to lpl financial in paramus  new jersey for meeting with me to discuss pro-growth policies that can boost…
 auctnr1  realdonaldtrump care to bet billy  we could put something good on this  i can t believe you re bothering…
rt  ramhatter   repbradashford thank you for your service to the omaha area community  and the state of nebraska 
don t forget to head over to my website to sign-up for tomorrow s telephone town hall  --&gt 
let s call the g o p tax scam what it is  a massive handout to those who need it the least on the backs of those who can least afford it 
on may 4  2017  all of these men gleefully celebrated passing a bill that would have taken mental health care from…
as a teacher and parent  i know how critical the participation of our youth is to bringing about change in our demo…
i co-founded the unitedfor climate and environmental justice task force with  repbarragan &  repjayapal to build a…
equal pay day is when white women working full time have their salaries catch up to men s from year prior  black wom…
  potus  infrastructure proposal would gut bedrock environmental  clean water  and clean air protections under the…
attention high school students  want to enter the congressional art competition  our office is accepting entries ne…
   el congreso aprobó legislación proveyendo fondos para la primera consulta de estatus avalada por el gobierno federal en la historia de pr
live on periscope at 12pm   housedemocrats & i will be joined by vp biden in urging gop to confront urgent  unfinished issues 
met with president tsai ing-wen today to share a message of friendship and solidarity with the people of taiwan 
brooklyn is a hub for small businesses  from restaurants to tech startups to art galleries  and more  our local eco…
rt  teamcavuto  congressman garamendi to neil this deal was very important  this was not about terrorism or missiles  this was about nuclea…
i m not surprised  mickmulvaneyomb confessed he would only meet with lobbyists who gave him money  he once told me…
 ty  for your advocacy  this is an important step forward that we need to enact  rx summit
on john muir day  we recognize the importance a healthy environment plays in our communities & our daily lives  and…
this week s action steps 
  fhfa extended h a r pnow until 9/2017 which can help ca homeowners refinance their home mortgage to save       ca17 
on v eday73 we reflect upon the incredible sacrifices of the brave americans and allies who together liberated euro…
pentagon confirms first openly transgender recruit has joined our military  this is a huge advancement for  lgbtq… 
my district office staff participated in today s denim day as part of sexual assault awareness month  there is never …
it s nice to see that the nra understands the importance of gun safety at least some of the time  it s time they gi…
rt  usaseanbusiness    aseancaucus co-chair congressman  joaquincastrotx at the council s annual gala   a s e a n s potential lies in its econ…
federal funding is a very crucial component of  feedingamerica s operation  and in particular  all of our local foo…
even 38 degree temps and snow flurries couldn t keep this crowd in clovis from making the annual walk to honor mart…
 repmckinley this commonsense legislation  commonly referred to as  dig once   would mandate the inclusion of broad…
the eighth anniversary of the deepwater horizon explosion is tomorrow 
rt  nalhfanews    repdelbene addresses leg con18 attendees about the affordablehousing crisis happening in every state  county and city in…
with the passing of rev  dr  samuel b  mckinney  our community has lost an instrumental leader of the civil rights…
rt  oversightdems  read it here  democrats seek votes on 13 subpoena motions at tuesday s oversight committee markup 
ms  holland  my high school english teacher  ignited a passion for writing that i carry to this day  coming from a…
just another snowy minnesota morning  firstdayofspring
rt  morningedition  epa administrator scott pruitt will testify before two house panels today   reppaultonko  d-n y   wants to focus in on…
my letter is simply asking for the same swift action that has been used in the past with similar situations such as…
even president trump s own secretary of defense believes that the white house needed congressional authorization fo…
yesterday  i joined pennsylvania  senbobcasey  for a farm bill listening session to discuss with stakeholders  advo…
my friend and colleague  angel_taveras is a dedicated leader who has an undeniable love & passion for our state and…
president  realdonaldtrump has broken his promise to drain the swamp time and time again  corruption is rampant in t…
last week  i penned an op ed highlighting why i m opposed to including a citizenship question in the 2020 census  y…
rt  foxbusiness    repgaramendi   iran was on the cusp of actually building a nuclear weapon  they could have built one within one year  ma…
today is one year since trump fired fbi director comey  attempting to hold up investigation into his ties to russia…
rt  delrivcoalition  ty  repbrady for your support in including the  drbca  in  wrda  del river watershed philadelphia
rt  plopey  heading out to go vote  i ll never tell you who i m voting for  but i ll give you a hint  his initials are mike capuano  masen
joined rep   davidcicilline on this letter  opposing the appointment
speaking to  momsdemand burke/fairfax chapter this evening  the false interpretation of the 2nd amendment peddled b…
rt  serenarod17  thank you for taking the time to speak with us 
rt  defendourfuture  did you miss our conversation with  reprubengallego  check our our twitter moment for the full q&a  ⚡️protect c p p act…
i just finished speaking with the the association of valencia women at  valenciacollege  sharing my experiences  my…
rt  mfwells5  unbelievably productive meeting with   repfilemonvela concerning the state of zika virus research  he is a true science all…
 dyk  an american family takes home 1 500 plastic bags a year  these bags don t easily biodegrade  which means that…
rt  whitakergroup  a resolution introduced by the great  cbrangel in 1999 and adopted by both chambers  never more relevant than today
i also oppose the administration s plan to include a citizenship question in the 2020 census  we don t need a citiz…
these heroes finally received their due  honored to have helped ensure members of the office of strategic services …
this week  housegop s doing something shocking  voting on bills that are actually bipartisan  it s what congress i…
today  i m hosting mobile office hours in new castle from 3 pm - 7 pm at the rte  9 library and innovation center …
rt  legaciesofwar   repmikehonda thanks for your continued advocacy  this would not have been possible without you  obama laos la obama htt…
in addition to bringing my guest  i will join members of  housedemwomen to wear black at the state of the union to…
yesterday i met with my friends from the national association of realtors  nardotrealtor to talk about matters pert…
rt  fbnstossel    repjimmcdermott says republicans like  pryan don t care about the poor  we debate poverty at 9pm 
don t let anyone tell you zero emissions technology isn t here yet   tesla  elonmusk
autonomous vehicles will jeopardize 3 8 million u s  jobs  and these jobs are disproportionately held by people of…
happy birthday   girlscouts  congratulations on building girls of courage  confidence  and character  who have been…
well said  cubaonetweets ty
🎂🍦🍭🍰16 loyolachicago ramblers
rt  nytopinion  michelle wolf was criticized not just by partisan defenders of the president  but by members of the press  too  i d like to…
rt  drjasonjohnson   repraskin points out that the judiciary hearing on  facebook supposedly censoring conservatives like  diamondandsilk i…
we must honor dr  martin luther king jr  not just with our words  but with our deeds  that means drowning out hate…
and somehow that s an upgrade on my pre-parenthood sense of style 
i had an incredible opportunity to speak with 10th graders at high tech high school chula vista about their concern…
rt  cnntonight   poor judgement is when you eat pizza too late     what they did there was show a willingness     to work with the russians…
proud to support the quality jobs fund investment established by the fhlbsf to help small businesses in the east ba…
rt  citizensclimate  the climate solutions caucus now has 70 members  welcome   repjudychu  d-ca  and  repamata  r-as   thank you for your…
sat down with  nationaldefense to discuss the arsenal at  picatinny_nj and its importance to new jersey s economy a…
rt  repjoecrowley  in the weekly democratic address  i pay tribute to the movement we ve seen take shape against president trump s unameric…
with 40% of  wa  jobs tied to trade  we re the most trade dependent state  and many of my constituents rely on open…
a1  finally  our actions have very real consequences for communities around the world who look to the united states…
rt  newsone  the national museum of african american history is giving black families the opportunity to digitize old family photos and foo…
on international womens day  i m mindful of the extraordinary contributions of women who are not found in history bo…
 never happened before   let s ask merrick garland what he thinks about that statement 
rt  nelpnews  victory over tip theft   the law cannot be more clear  tips belong to workers and no one else   – nelp s christine owens
great to kick off brothersthrive w/  nycfirstlady   apa1906network   and other service organizations  we must mini…
inspired by dani hall s story of healing and compassionate advocacy for others  honored to have her join me for the…
always glad to come back home and to share a stage with you to talk about bipartisanship   replahood 
i am extremely proud of the students across our nation  who are taking part in the national school walkout day  you…
   mejorar la calidad de vida de nuestra gente y detener la ola de migración a los estados 
the passover tradition is based in overcoming persecution & defending the vulnerable  on this holy day  as milwauke…
 we can t continue like this as a country   lawrence said   we re better than this and the fact that we are not sho…
his unwillingness to condemn the white supremacists & neo-nazis who carried out these violent acts of hatred is inexcusable  2/5
i m joining  squawkcnbc in a few moments to discuss news of the week  i hope you can tune in 
this morning i was part of a roundtable discussion on the 25th anniversary of  fmla  and what congress can do moving…
house intel republicans just voted to release their partisan report  russian interference was successful because th…
polls are open until 8 pm  still time to vote   ca26 
our first priority in the middle east must always be peace and stability in the region  moving the embassy to jerus…
who pays for the  1 5 trillion the g o p tax scam adds to the deficit  our kids and grandkids 
from my family to yours  wishing you an enjoyable  restful  & blessed thanksgiving filled with family  friends  and…
rt  waysmeanscmte  this  ladies and gentlemen  is the republican tax law paying off for scandal-plagued big bank executives 
at our town hall meeting yesterday  i was proud to meet and recognize some of the outstanding organizations that se…
rt  waysmeanscmte  what do small business owners think of the republican tax law   repdannydavis heard this from an entrepreneur in his dis…
happy birthday richard  thank you for your service to our country and your contributions to our community  we are g…
rt  whiphoyer  fact checking the  sotu   president trump says we re restoring our standing abroad  politico reports that a gallup poll says…
allow the cdc to study the gun epidemic that plagues america 
i m still not sure what trump wants  we d be much closer to ending the trump shutdown if he would just say what he…
rt  kamalaharris  let us not forget this holiday season our fellow americans in puerto rico and the u s  virgin islands who are still suffe…
trump health secretary tom price *predicted* that this would happen  but he and other republican leaders still took…
rt  lauralitvan  new  senate parliamentarian has advised she would side with democrats if they challenged three provisions in the final tax…
rt  housejuddems  🚨 breaking  🚨 repjerrynadler &  repzoelofgren condemn  realdonaldtrump administration decision to strip salvadorans of  tp… 
i m speaking to  nashtuworks in washington about how we can work on a bipartisan infrastructure bill that supports…
joining  cnnsitroom tonight at 6 pm et/3 pm pt to discuss the russia investigation  james comey  andrew mccabe and…
detaining pregnant women is an affront to american decency & to our history as a nation of immigrants   icegov shou…
  epascottpruitt has failed to live up to that standard – wasting hundreds of thousands of taxpayer dollars & putti…
today  i introduced the rural docs act which allows states to improve mental health and substance abuse treatment n…
this week is national park week & as oregonians we love our national parks  the problem is  we love them too much &…
rt  hardballchris  trump was never going to sit down with mueller for an  interview   imagine the obstacle course that would be before trum…
herman spetzler was a stellar clinical administrator  great friend  and wonderful man  we worked closely together o…
rt  kxrees    repgregorymeeks on bank-fintech partnerships  they  allow banks—especially community banks—to reach customers they wouldn t o…
honored to once again serve as grand marshal for the 11th annual southwest half-marathon and 10k races in palos tod…
for decades  voter id laws were used to silence and further disenfranchise voters of color in this country  it s a…
how can we punish teachers who are just trying to buy supplies for their classrooms 
michael zak petitioned to run under the green party ticket in new york s 27th congressional district  a seat curren…
the world s fair is an iconic part of queens history  and i m so glad that it s legacy lives on through the  world…
icymi   congculberson and i introduced the tools act last week  our bill will give local nonprofits the ability to…
it was a privilege to honor the life and service of tique lee caul  a trailblazer and proud antioch resident for 25…
don t miss the first total solar eclipse on america s mainland in 38 years  check out when you ll be able to see…
during world wars i and ii  native american soldiers  sailors and marines  also known as code talkers  developed a…
did you know that according to the  usdot  65 percent of our nation s roads are in less than good condition  2/
on world a i d s day  i m celebrating the advances in medicine and education that are slowing the spread of hiv/aids an…
sunday afternoon i participated in an interfaith immigration forum at the mid island y jewish community center in p…
my deepest appreciation to the students of san diego march for our lives for hosting today s forum on gun violence …
i ve been fighting to protect right to choose  ensure quality and affordable insurance coverage  prevent domestic violence   ca26  ask julia
keeping america safe & growing florida s economy are intertwined   lockheedmartin pinellas facility exemplifies tha…
our laws regarding freedom  privacy  and civil liberties have not kept up with the rapid expansion of technology in…
unfortunately  millions of children – and adults – suffer from this lung disease caused by environmental factors l…
rt  austintalks   i want people in austin to become homeowners  i don t want to see people displaced   story on housing in austin chicago…
to all the women who pressfor progress in their communities  thank you for the work you do  and happy…
rt  repteddeutch    realdonaldtrump reportedly plans to use the one-year anniversary of the special counsel to try to end the probe  this…
paul dedicated more than half his life serving the city of newburgh and its people as a policeofficer – my though…
wonderful to see so many students from connecticut s third congressional district tonight  keep up your studies and…
rt  joaquincastrotx  happening soon   hispaniccaucus press conference on deported military veterans and their spouses  livestream here  htt…
rt  uw_rowing  washington s women s freshmen eight gets the day off to a good start with an open-water win over cal  barkthe bay go huskies
last november i joined members of the  hispaniccaucus and  vetaffairsdems to call for an immediate moratorium on de…
pay to play = everyday americans lose & wall street donors get whatever they choose   mickmulvaneyomb s deal with l…
my prayers are with president george h w  bush and the bush family during this difficult time  first lady barbara b…
 otd  five years ago  i was sworn into congress  i couldn t think of a better way to celebrate this anniversary than…
with a buck fifty a week  you can t buy access and influence in congress – unlike the koch brothers and other special i…
rt  phillywerise    repdwightevans  when he was elected in legislature  5k in prison in 1980  far more now  endmassincarceration
the senate judiciary committee released nearly 3 000 pages of transcripts about the june 2016 trump tower meeting i…
republicans  apparently  have become the party of bannon  moore  trump  diamond  silk  it s a five ring circus  and…
in today s rail subcommittee hearing  i asked the surface transportation board  stb  to investigate the dangerous p…
proud to support  pcoschallenge & help raise awareness of polycystic ovary syndrome  nearly 200 000 women in ga hav…
no matter what happens in washington  california will stay the course and enforce all our laws and protect all our…
deadline for  congressionalac app challenge submissions is nov 2  can t wait to see this year s ideas from  ma09  s…
then  drdenagrayson has kept us both sane and hopeful  thank you for the birthday wishes 
saddened to hear of the passing of  sf  mayor ed lee  he broke barriers as the first asian-american mayor of san fra…
this is an example of why the  cfpb exists and the important role they play in consumer protection in the financial…
great to sit down with some of my favorite  uofmaryland terps on the hill this week  umd is home to many of our sta…
today marks one year since i joined 212 of my colleagues in opposing the disastrous republican healthcare bill that…
rt  hispaniccaucus  read about the arcane rule that is standing between dreamers and permanent protection  the  hastert rule   is the real…
mueller s indictment reaffirms what the intelligence community concluded  what our investigation has borne out  and…
art muñoz  chief animal cruelty investigator  shared that  spcaoftexas really takes animal cruelty seriously & hold…
on may 4  1776  our general assembly was the first of the 13 original colonies to declare independence from great b…
rt  hascdemocrats 
rt  nancypelosi  if president trump wants to lower the price of prescription drugs  he should stop trying to sabotage the affordable care a…
a pleasure to be in east l a today to honor hardworking  college-bound high schoolers receiving scholarships thanks…
president trump s continued attacks on the free press don t just undermine our democracy— they are also having adve…
rt  femmajority  a1  we need to pass legislation that finally holds corporations responsible  like  repmaloney ending secrecy about workpla…
rt  journo_jamie_   repkihuen is now addressing the council   we are taking this issue seriously at the federal level  
rt  repmaloney  while larry nassar was brought to justice  we must investigate the systemic failures that let these abuses continue for so…
rt  demsespanol  hoy honramos a las pioneras que han marchado  alzado su voz y luchado por sus derechos y los derechos de los demás  ¡feliz…
the times  they are a changing   
thank you dc residents and activists for meeting with members of congress on d c emancipation day about d c statehood …
  thejusticedept &  usedgov must uphold 2014 school discipline guidance package  to remind schools of their legal o…
young people across the nation who are standing up to say enough is enough are an inspiration  i want to match their…
h r  2158  the atlantic seismic airgun protection act  which bans damaging seismic airgun testing to find oil and n…
looking forward to the event w/outstanding honorees   njaflcio s laurel brennan  glo  co   njnaacp s loretta winter…
rt  usprogressives  this mothers day  we must fight to end inhumane family separation now  no child should face the unspeakable horror of b…
  paulthissen is a great choice to serve on the minnesota supreme court  i applaud  govmarkdayton on this appointme…
rt  twittergov  today s the day  president trump addresses congress during his first-ever  sotu   watch live on twitter👇
like  fullfrontalsamb said last night -- surveilling or arresting americans because of their race is wrong  the fbi…
d r e a mers  you can still apply to renew your  daca   this faq by  nilc_org &  unitedwedream can help you determine w…
i support public schools week because strengthening our public schools is the best way to ensure our children succee…
continued our madein i l10 tour at hydraforce- an employee owned-company headquartered in lincolnshire which manufac…
dreamers and their families are living in uncertainty and fear every day congress fails to act  we must protect d r e a mers now 
great article by  nyt highlighting the progress long beach has made as a community  smart investments yielding resu…
i m proud to join  nc_governor and the leadership at  biogen in celebrating the opening of their global business ce…
rt  sports_handle  with insights from  repdinatitus   replancenj7 and sara slane of the  amergamingassn   paspa 
under president reagan  the annual refugee admissions ceiling exceeded 200 000 
rt  marklevinenyc  incredible transformation of long-abandoned ps186 is complete  opening today as affordable housing and home of harlem bo…
this week s congressional hearings on facebook were an important first step toward providing effective oversight an…
dangerous facility emissions will impact our clean air  climate and public health protections 
a mind to work  
 the ultimate measure of a man is not where he stands in moments of comfort and convenience  but where he stands at…
read more about ava s life-saving app  react  and how it can provide  il05  residents with the opportunity to help o…
in college i was a radio sportscaster calling notre dame football and basketball games
ramadan mubarak  peace and blessings to muslims in america and throughout the world 🙏🏽
happy valentine s day 
as a leader in preventing underage drinking  i ve been very disappointed by news reports that  niaaanews research d…
net neutrality is essential for the way we live  i m proud to support  usrepmikedoyle s cra resolution to restore i…
rt  nhouckmeloni    repjohndelaney says the first proof of the need of the  ai  caucus might have been the zuckerberg testimony this past we…
today we honor a great man  dr  king s legacy of courage and inspiration motivate us to believe in a better tomorro…
the farm bill is the biggest environmental bill that congress will consider this year  it s critical in our fight a…
enjoyed learning more about  abilityone75  1 of the nation s largest providers of jobs for people who have signific…
rt  imfadvocacy   hr1409  restores the doctor-patient relationship when it comes to determining treatment  oralparity  replancenj7  repbria…
rt  ananursingworld  once a nurse  always a nurse   this is an important step forward for millions of nurses & aspiring nurses in our co…
let s go loyola  ramblersmbb  🏀 final four
there s nothing small about the impact of small biz on the american economy  the family owned & operated economy dr…
on  msnbc now with  thebeatwithari discussing march for our lives  dc residents marching today told  marcorubio to wi…
republicans knew this would happen  they knew because democrats told them over and over again  and congress  budge…
rt  teamshuster  after last night  time to get your sleep and set the alarm clocks early  team shuster vs canada tomorrow morning  6 05 am…
tune in to  abc7 this morning at 11 am pt for an exclusive interview with  abc7adrienne about how congress should r…
the epa has yet again moved to muzzle independent science by pushing  official guidelines  which encourage govt emp…
this includes over 1800 pr evacuees statewide  🇵🇷 🇺🇸
  kellyinmedia of  cbssacramento and i will be updating you today on the funding of the oroville dam repairs  as we…
today we honor the memory of our fallen heroes who sacrificed all  so that we can live free 
good news  south jersey is receiving nearly  13 million from  hudgov to provide affordable housing & assistance ser…
i worked my way through community college and college with assistance from the federal work study program  and my w…
rt  npwf   the people who are hurt the most     are the poorest people   thank you   repmarciafudge  for fighting for workers with low wage…
congratulations to arizona high schools and our hardworking az teachers on being some of the top ranked in the us …
we re making good on our commitment to our wounded warriors by ensuring their family members have the resources the…
one week ago  these students  lives were changed forever  tonight  they are speaking out for change …
proud to join one of my heroes   repjohnlewis  to ask that the emmett till unsolved civil rights crimes reauthoriza…
i posted a new photo to facebook
congratulations to woodbridge firefighters for their meritorious award  pjanj_iaff valor awards dinner  asbury park…
massachusetts is stronger because of the incredible contributions so many of our immigrant communities make every…
 senatortomudall scott pruitt was just asked how many investigations he is under  and was unable to say  the corr…
rt  edworkforcedems  during president trump s first year in office  workers have been under attack   sotu  protect workers
by violating the terms of the iran deal  president trump has thrown the world into a crisis or his own creation  wi…
dr  king knew that the struggle for progress  justice  and peace would be hard  in his letter from birmingham jail …
i ll be donating my congressional pay during the shutdown to the mercy health clinic in maryland  a non-profit comm…
rt  vetaffairsdems  trump should spend less time undermining 2020census & focus on questions that matter   uscensusbureau  if we are to se…
the fact is  regulatory relief and public-private partnerships won t be enough to fix america s infrastructure – we…
rt  repmcgovern  big news   ncmchamber is  sbagov s newest community advantage lender  this will help local small biz get funding they need…
rt  alex_borkholder  proud that my representative is doing everything she can to reach out to constituents  call in if you can   fl07  fla p…
at a time when only six percent of pilots are women  and women comprise just over a quarter of air traffic controll…
so excited to have some of the actors and creators behind  theamericansfx on the hill today to talk about the proce…
rt  victoriabonney  watch  repjayapal handle this absurd question with grace 👇👇👇
rt  repmarciafudge  exercising your right to vote isn t partisan  it s personal  join thousands of your fellow americans and vote early  ht…
stop calling it  chain migration   read my op-ed with  repjudychu in  thehill  our system of family-based immigrati…
rt  kylegriffin1  today  all house judiciary committee democrats  led by ranking member jerrold nadler  are urging chairman bob goodlatte t…
getting ready to chat with  sruhle and  alivelshi on  msnbc now  tune in 
congratulations to our 50 newest citizens who were naturalized in hartford today 
the neubauers are making ideas matter  the neubauers want to fix philly schools  their plan  to sharpen the princip…
how do you spell hypocrite  r-e-p-u-b-l-i-c-a-n  speaker paul ryan in his own words   our debt is a threat to this…
we celebrated the opening of bergen county s new gurdwara - great news for north jersey and our sikh community  tha…
4 years later families in flint still must use filters and bottled water to drink  clean drinking water must be a b…
i posted a new photo to facebook
national retirement planning week is an important reminder to prepare for your future and start planning for retire…
discussed immigration reform  investing in infrastructure and creating jobs w nj members of  liuna in my dc office 
i introduced the taxpayers dime act to ensure that the hard earned tax dollars of  az01  folks don t go to wasteful…
rt  orbitrapped  it s so inspiring to hear  repjayapal speak  she has the be the most accessible person in congress and we love to see her…
every veteran deserves the benefits they earned  regardless of uniform or when & where they served  my bill would e…
glad that  walmart did the right thing and pulled a third-party seller s kids  china boy  costume from its website…
rt  ltgovhochulny  removing guns from abusers is a dramatic step forward eliminating the vulnerability of women and their children  while…
it s never too early  or too late   to start saving for the future -&gt   flm2018 
we ve made it to the final day of womens history month with no sign  speakerryan has any interest in real reform to…
rt  hispaniccaucus  including a citizenship question in the 2020 census only serves to suppress participation & will result in inaccurate d…
rt  oknox  radio machine today  siriusxm 124  2-3 pm eastern    benniegthompson on democratic legislation to protect the integrity of us el…
far too many communities across the country are living with unhealthy air  although honolulu is among the least po…
📢tonight at 7pm  tune in to our facebook town hall on proposed investments in teachers  high-needs schools  and ear…
rt  mifamiliavota  starting soon  a twitter chat with  reprubengallego   how can young people get involved in the climate conversation   fi…
at a task force on rural america hearing  i highlighted the issues that many rural veterans face in accessing quali…
rt  eagles  super  bowl  champions  fly eagles fly
we need to reform our system for handling harassment and discrimination in congress  inaction from senate leaders i…
trump admin proposing a far-fetched plan to dramatically expand offshore drilling that would set stage for a deepwa…
in 1999  winnie mandela visited oakland to support local african american girls & meet with with black women organi…
ready & willing to do the work to open the government  republicans should put an end to the trump shutdown  let s g…
the lack of affordable transportation options in sussex county has gone unaddressed for far too long  this is a gre…
rt  perspectiva_nac  el gobierno de  realdonaldtrump anunció tres medidas que podrían perjudicar aún más a los inmigrantes indocumentados …
rt  housedemocrats  kansas imposed a tax plan similar to  realdonaldtrump s and it failed  now  housegop wants to take it nationwide 
i participated in the rural hunger roundtable  abac_college with  austinscottga08 and other community partners to…
trump thanks federal employees with  143 5 billion in retirement cuts he s been attacking the federal workforce si…
saddened to hear of the passing of congresswoman louise slaughter  a great public servant  she will be missed in th…
transgender people have the right to be seen and heard in a world that often tells them they have no place and no v…
and while this bill is clearly an incredibly important step forward  there s much work to do  let s build on today …
  senatortomudall to scott pruitt just now   your tenure at the epa is a betrayal of the american people  
rt  serveillinois  thank you to  replipinski for your leadership & support of fy18  nationalservice   americorps  and state commission fund…
on average  women earn 80 cents for every  1 a white  non-hispanic man earns  and the wagegap is much larger for w…
the  vamanchester partnership with frisbie is an important interim step toward ensuring that all new hampshire vete…
trump ordered wh counsel to stop sessions  trump russia recusal  he thinks the ag s job is to protect the president…
rt  andrewgoodmanf    repjohnlewis reflects on the 1962 summer he spent in cairo via  thesouthern civil rights
1st major education initiative for devos & trump admin is to weaken protections for victims of campus sexual assault  shameful  title i x
the honor is all mine  i hope you will join us for this  scpaflorida event   american insight  thursday  feb 15 a…
i also visited st  gerald school in oak lawn  where i answered a lot of good questions from the students  in the a…
hands-on learning develops skills in critical thinking and creates the next generation of innovators  it was great…
today  my bill to help our military service members transition to the civilian workforce cleared the final hurdle b…
rt  rosadelauro  the ideas democrats are pushing for aren t controversial  we should be helping our veterans  we should be fighting the opi…
this beautiful new mural will grace the walls of bloom trail high school  can t wait to see it in person 
 whiphoyer  homelanddems thank you 
devastating news about hurricane harvey  we must continue to do all we can to support our fellow americans 
wow  this was prophetic   michelleobama sums it up in a minute and a half  is it just me or do the obamas shine eve…
kushner  flynn  papadopoulos  sessions  and porter have all lied to the fbi  yet the republicans are only interest…
 i believe that unarmed truth and unconditional love will have the final word in reality  that is why right  tempor…
while waiting to cast my vote to end this trump shutdown  my spirit is with  womensmarchhou  seems like the master…
2016 hestec congressional roundtable discussion
 bhm  spotlight  in 1958  hattie mae white became the first african american to be elected to public office in houst…
in case you missed it  my full statement on the administration s termination of  tps  for nepalis 
did you know it s national small business week  celebrate with me all week as share tips  resources  and facts on s…
proud to join my friends & colleagues still on the front lines protecting healthcare so  no one could be denied cov…
for more than 100 years   ppfa has provided women across the u s  with the health services and programs they need …
my heart breaks for the 17 innocent lives lost yesterday in parkland  it is a national tragedy that congress has y…
because women and men in every workplace should be able to work side by side in safety and dignity  join us live at…
   estoy convencido de que  actuando dentro los parámetros de promesa  podemos empezar a reencaminar a pr   
rt  mitchellreports    jahimes  giuliani says we ll get this investigation wrapped up  what s he going to do  make a call to mueller  you d…
epa secretary pruitt s actions have been environmentally destructive  from rolling back emissions standards to gutt…
i am deeply concerned by the escalations in the trade dispute with china  it is not at all clear to me that the adm…
i know tax season can be a stressful time  which is why my office is here to serve you however we can  visit my he…
i look forward to working with  billcassidy to pass this important piece of legislation
proud to receive the 2017 humane champion award from  humanesociety for displaying leadership on animal welfare leg…
it s national consumer protection week - a good time to make sure you & your family are staying away from scams …
hope to see you at tomorrow s town halls 
rt  repanthonybrown  i cosponsored -- along with a majority of  housedemocrats --  nydiavelazquez s american promise act of 2017 which woul…
rt  teresacmosqueda   we have a humanitarian crisis and seattle with its econ growth is in a position to solve this together  i applaud  se…
we are all grateful as a nation to the late army master sergeant william witherspoon for his bravery  his service …
rt  repteddeutch  exclusive  appendix to gao opinion finding  epascottpruitt s  43 000 sound-proof phone booth violated federal law  get…
wishing a happy birthday to my good friend  chief deputy whip  and a strong voice for vermont s working families   peterwelch 
i m extremely concerned by the circumstances around the abrupt firing of va secretary shulkin   his contention that…
happy birthday   melaniatrump 
rt  nometrealtors   reprichmond the combination of changes will slow the housing market as fewer people are incentivized to buy/move  famil…
rt  sonomasheriff  here is an updated list of road closures with an interactive map  have a good night sonoma county    
rt  repvaldemings  yesterday  i urged my colleagues to support the protect and serve act  i spent 27 years in law enforcement and had the h…
delighted to see so many unique & skillful entries in this year s congressional art competition  congrats to this ye…
i ve been sounding the alarm on antibioticresistance for years  including calling on  mcdonalds to stop its routin…
rt  nilc_org  breaking  victory for our plaintiffs  a federal court has issued a second order to protect dreamers nationwide  two federal c…
 love takes off masks that we fear we cannot live without and know we cannot live within   happy birthday to james…
the national opioid crisis has caused a dramatic increase in children placed in foster care  we ve learned our less…
rt  housebudgetdems  new report  snap is a critical part of the safety net that responds to changing economic conditions so families and ch…
congress must assert its constitutional role and address the president s authority to use force in syria  and i cal…
standing with  ppnnehealth against this destructive change  outrageous 
i will stand with my  housedemocrats colleagues to ensure d r e a mers have the protections they deserve  defend d a c a
at such a young age  linda brown became a hero and civil rights icon  ending legal segregation in schools & forever…
the  fcc took away a free and open internet  great to see  senatedems are one step closer to a vote to…
all human beings have a right to speak  assemble and protest  and nonviolent protest must be respected by all gover…
it s a shame that the g o p tax plan eliminates the medical expense deduction  this allows deductions for preventive c…
the nra  still  wants you to believe that more guns in schools will somehow solve the epidemic of senseless gun vio…
it was wonderful to join a naturalization ceremony at  usdc_nh in concord yesterday to congratulate and welcome 80…
36 7 million people are living with hiv globally  this world a i d s day  congress should renew our commitment to ensur…
great meeting with  ga13  constituents in washington today from the national black women s reproductive justice agen…
rt  reploisfrankel  equal pay day recognizes that women must work 3 extra months just to earn the same pay as men  closing the gender wage ga…
latinas  their families  and our country suffer because of the genderpaygap  we must all work to closethepaygap n…
flooding is ongoing in the indianapolis area due to heavy rainfall this morning  be prepared for severe weather  h…
rt  housedemocrats  rep   dorismatsui  ca-06  visited a community health center to discuss how the trump budget s cuts to medicaid would ne…
we must commit to reforms so people  who have long contributed to our nation  feel safe knowing their families will not be torn apart  7/7
since columbine 19 years ago  208 000 students have experienced gun violence  that s 208 000 too many  we need to…
since citizens united  corporations have taken advantage of current reporting requirements as loopholes to obscure…
instead of protecting these amazing public spaces  the trump administration seems determined to roll back environme…
the g o p tax scam was written to tilt the deck against the middle class  in rhode island alone  the top 5% of earners…
rt  dsuwtr  let s work together to make the mississippi delta a better place at  wtr2018   | register for the 2018 conference here 
according to  projecthome  in 2016  there were about 15 000 people in homeless shelters in philadelphia  and more t…
at it again — trump admin opens the door to widespread discrimination in healthcare w/a refusal of care rule that…
rt  housejuddems  rm  repjerrynadler   we are at a unique moment in time where virtually all the industry stakeholders have come together i…
what i love about la county  we aren t letting the dysfunction of washington get us down  today  we aren t waitin…
i was saddened to hear of rodney s death  he was a passionate leader who fought for his country & served as an acco…
rt  homelanddems  hearing on the us/canada border with  repfilemonvela just began  video & more info---------------------------&gt 
rt  ncpssm   as a first-term congressman   repraskin has already demonstrated that he is a champion for medicare and social security   - ma…
please read my statement on donald trump s racist slurs about immigrants  🚨
grimm  arpaio & blankenship are just fine  even roy moore was acceptable  i have no business being shocked about wh…
steve encouraged people to  embrace the honor of public service – continually seeking to enrich the lives of our fe…
4 top pruitt aides have now left the epa this week  more on john konkus  - got ethics waiver to moonlight as consu…
wishing all who celebrate rosh hashanah a happy  healthy and sweet new year 
we need an explanation of why the house chaplain was fired 
today  the house ag committee begins the markup process of the farm bill  i am concerned that this bill will not su…
remember when trump fired comey b/c russia investigation  or when trump ordered the firing of mueller but backed do…
participated in a healthcare roundtable with advocates from planned parenthood and progress virginia this afternoon
rt  ricardorossello  con la líder demócrata de la cámara   nancypelosi   repjoseserrano   repgutierrez   nydiavelazquez y los alcaldes fed…
good luck to the  chicagostate students competing in this weekend s  hcasc national academic tournament  go cougars   hcasc 
after  potus disgraceful comments on thursday   repcummings and i renewed our call for an investigation into the tr…
you show your courage every day by standing up for progressive values  shouldn t your member of congress do the s…
as a father and a grandfather  my heart goes out to all the victims of yesterday s gun violence and their families …
wishing a happy and restful mothers day to all of the hardworking moms across the country 
thank you  hallmiddle for having me this morning 
not sure how to sign up to get covered before open enrollment ends this friday  december 15th  it s a lot easier th…
the g o p tax scam is lining the pockets of wealthy investors – not working americans  a look at consumer spending sho…
great meeting with participants in the  apsphysics bridge program to discuss efforts to increase the number of phys…
to andrew mccabe  if you need a federal job  call me on monday  i am serious  we have to stand up to bullies like…
rt  monahannaa  four years after flint water crisis began   epa has not amended the lead & copper rule  millions of lead pipes across the us…
rt  usip  we need to focus on creating the cyber equivalent of the geneva convention  says rep   jahimes  bipartisan u s i p
saturday  april 21 marks the beginning of national park week  perfect time to visit  lakemeadnps or any of our natio…
  potus s actions today bring us one step closer to lifting embargo w/ cuba  now let s pass my trade w/ cuba act  
the trump administration s sinister move of adding a question about citizenship on the 2020 census undermines our d…
rt  cspan    repmaxinewaters   mr  mulvaney is not the acting director of the consumer financial protection bureau  he was illegally appoin…
honorable mention best female rap  non-collaborations  queen latifah - u n i t y  mc lyte - poor georgie…
rt  fred_guttenberg  struggling this morning  3 months ago i lost my baby girl to a mass casualty shooting at her school in parkland  fl …
the internet should remain open and accessible for all  i strongly oppose overturning the open internet order put i…
this senate bill takes our great lakes in the wrong direction  we cannot go backward on clean water protections tha…
rt  massgovernor    massdot highway crews   contractors will be out in force to treat roads  we are urging the public to stay off the roads…
rt  jstreetdotorg  rep   gerryconnolly warns  if  potus pulls out of the iran deal america will get a nuclear iran and lose our internation…
proud of tampa bay  marchtampa students standing up for change  take ❤️ from great rep john lewis👇  thefhspatriots…
now  nancypelosi is sharing the story of the late great patsy mink   without whom title ix would never have happene…
rt  nancypelosi  tune in as democrats join students for today s enough is enough d m v event at the capitol  never again
sent a letter urging tax conferees to scrap their plan to tax grad students  tuition waivers  taxing waivers studen…
 drphilroe watch my speech on my bipartisan  commonsense bill to get rid of the ipab and protect medicare 
house unanimously passed my tribal broadband deployment act which will help close the digital divide in our community 
rt  officialcbc    naacpjustice c b c demands justice
today  on m l k day  we hope that  realdonaldtrump will learn from dr  king s legacy and vision that all people are c…
learn more here ➡️https //t co/dzodpobbdp
what i heard sitting with new jersey students and families at today s cup of joe with josh is that america s teache…
rt  alpunto    lorettasanchez  ¿por qué estamos vendiendo este tipo de rifle todavia 
the 10th amendment of the constitution gives the people of california  not the trump administration  the power to…
proud to be standing with so many  aapi  advocates - just some of the thousands in dc this week with  aaaj_aajc …
the senate is voting soon on a republican tax plan that will hurt your wallet and your health 
congratulations to my dear friend and  houstonchron s own  cindylgeorge on her new journey as the assistant editor…
 repyvetteclarke  we mark this anniversary with sadness and also with a little gladness that some of the…
rt  housesbcdems  in today s hearing   repdwightevans asked an inspiring group of panelists how congress can help to improve workforce trai…
we need to set our military members and their families up for success  and provide every possible resource to them…
my thoughts go out to her family in this time of mourning  and i hope they find solace in knowing her legacy broke…
loebsack legislation to create national  coordinated response to diabetes signed into law
 tbt  to last year at the  wilmbluerocks  looking forward to throwing out the first pitch tonight at the home opener…
president trump s cancellation of  daca  creates a moral emergency for our nation  my full statement is here 
atlanta named on shortlist for amazon h q2  this is great news for the atlanta region  proud to lead bipartisan con…
trump thinks he can just ingore it and it will go away    never before in american history has so clear a threat t…
deputy rumfelt was a pillar of our community  keeping us safe and serving us honorably  last night  we recognized h…
today i am standing with students across the country to say never again  rt to show your support for our students a…
over two million seniors pay more than half their income to rent  that s why  housedemocrats will make room for affordable housing   ca17 
8 years ago  the deepwater horizon oil spill unleashed 5 million barrels of oil into the gulf of mexico causing the…
 repmckinley and i plan to introduce legislation that would facilitate the adoption of energy-saving technology by…
59 mil americans rely on earned social security benefits  thanks for that financial security & never missing a payment  social security80
eliminating the top white house cyber policy role is outrageous especially since we re facing more hostile threats…
rt  mazonusa    repraskin recounts an important lesson from rabbi hillel  which he learned as a child in sunday school   if i am not for my…
cutting eas would be neither kind nor easy for the americans living in rural communities across the nation  it will…
rt  ourhomesvoices  thank you  repbarbaralee for calling on congress to fix the affordable housing crisis  we agree that  housing is a huma…
peter issued the following statement following house approval of the fy 2018 omnibus appropriations bill  vtpoli
rt  repdonbeyer  this way of running the epa secretly  without expertise  and without putting the american public first is quintessential s…
schumer s announcement  boehner joining a cannabis company & trump re-stating support for state-legal marijuana are…
today my seattle office is closing and the phones will be shut off 
scott pruitt was never the right person to lead  epa  his never-ending ethical failures and clear disregard for the…
this military appreciation month  i had the opportunity to remember the brave service men and women who gave the ult…
planning a visit to dc  we can help you and your ohana schedule tours of the us capitol  library of congress & more 
learning how students at phillis wheatley elementary in bridgeville use yoga to settle their minds to reduce stress…
 scotus  will hear oral arguments today regarding  realdonaldtrump s discriminatory muslim ban  mepolitics read th…
virtually every clinton-related matter that president trump complains about has been well-litigated  carefully exam…
our hearts & minds are with the victims and affected family members of the bombings in austin  it is my hope that…
attention  medicare beneficiaries in california will receive new medicare cards in the mail between april 2018 and…
congratulations to iowa city  westgbb for winning the 5a state girls high school basketball championship   ighsau 
sad news today of eunice groark s passing  she served the state as lg with intelligence and dignity  a true role mo…
telegraphing the enemy is a military blunder 
i urge  epascottpruitt to resign because of his unethical behavior  wasteful use of taxpayer money & for trying to…
the u s  house voted to repeal a  cfpb measure that protects people of color from discrimination when they re getti…
they will not include social security numbers  and will have new id numbers and a new look  medicare recipients in…
and the ramblers are moving on   yes they can    loyola chicago
 firstfiveyears you re the ones who deserve thanks  your dedication to early childhood education for at-risk kids i…
rt  cnnpolitics  rep  john garamendi says president trump should have sought congressional approval before launching strikes on syria
this week  i read the controversial memo authored by house intel chairman nunes  while i cannot go into details abo…
rt  my5la  congresswoman  lorettasanchez was in attendance for today s i-5 carmenita road bridge opening ribbon cutting  my5 l a
on the 53rd anniversary of bloody sunday  we honor the foot soldiers who sacrificed their lives to bring forth chan…
happy easter 
rt  civildefensehi  all leilani estates and lanipuna gardens subdivision residents are ordered to evacuate 
rt  repdonbeyer  new   repspeier & i led 78  housedemocrats challenging  secpricemd & trump over shutdowns of durin…
this administration directly threatened nevada solar jobs when the president imposed a 30 percent tariff on importe…
members of congress shouldn t be pleading to trump not to fire robert mueller — we should ensure that he can t  thi…
yesterday i was on the house floor urging  housedemocrats   housegop  and all americans to get screened for…
rt  cbsnews  watch live  french president emmanuel macron is addressing congress amid discussions with president trump over the iran nuclea…
rt  sensanders  thank you to the 1 1 million people who tuned in live to the first-ever national medicare for all town hall tonight  togeth…
the irs has advised taxpayers to continue to file their taxes as normal tuesday evening – whether electronically or…
my heart goes out to maj  stephen del bagno s family and loved ones  our community mourns with you and will always…
rt  wkbw  live - 37th annual national peace officers  memorial service   lt  craig lehner among the fallen officers honored 
no cowardly act of terror could ever subdue the spirit of new york city  i m thinking of those who were in harm s w…
happy earth day  on this day and every single day  i vow to continue my efforts to protect our environment  prevent…
7  we need smarter laws to protect us and keep us safe  we need laws that make it harder to buy and use weapons who…
the free flow of information online lets innovation thrive  but  fcc wants to rollback net neutrality  we must prot…
under the law   tifia  loans  which many illinois and chicago agencies rely on to help fund crucial projects such…
in the year since sen  wyden & i introduced comprehensive marijuana reform legislation  it s exciting to see moment…
teachers are much more than just educators  they are leaders  and they are role models this week is…
without farmers who would feed our families  schools and communities  thank a farmer today for their service to amer…
reminder  we are now accepting entries to the 2018 congressional art competition  i encourage all high school stude…
it s always a pleasure to speak with my friends at both the illinois and north american  bldgtrdsunions  i will con…
this earth day let s all recommit to making our planet better  now more than ever we must stand united in the fight…
good to speak with  cafoodbanks about the 2018 farm bill and my commitment to protecting  snap  for the over 68 000 r…
sadly  the epa budget cuts proposed by  realdonaldtrump and  epascottpruitt would hurt communities of color the most 
rt  cleanairmoms   we don t have time to blame the last congress  i want to hear some leadership out of you    chelliepingree makes it cl…
community health centers are the backbone of public health across our nation so i was glad to meet with some of our…
the month of may is military appreciation month  i want to honor and give thanks to the selfless individuals who ris…
thank you michael
congratulations to corey freeman-gallant  skidmorecollege  just awarded  73 070 by  nsf for cutting edge research i…
rt  toddbook  thank you   repbeatty  for your continued and strong support of legalaid   abaday  legal aid helps
terence crutcher s assassination is another example of racism eating away america  until we face it  we can t overc…
rt  dickdurbin  reminder that sinclair is trying to merge with tribune  meaning it would be able to control the tv content shown to 72% of…
 we might not win today  we might not win tomorrow  but i m pretty sure we re going to win this year  i don t have…
photo of the day
rt  sfbusinesstimes  city fees add  150 000 to each new home in fremont
rt  housesbcdems  in today s hearing   repdwightevans asked an inspiring group of panelists how congress can help to improve workforce trai…
thank you to the officers at  drpa_paandnj  where my father served as a police officer  takethe l e a d2017
happy to hear  realdonaldtrump mention job training and vocational schools  very important to the future of  md02  a…
the people of flint – a predominantly black & low-income community – were poisoned by government negligence  congre…
the epa has awarded more than  300 000 in funds for environmental projects along the california-mexico border  glad…
instead of trying to raise prices abroad  trump should legalize drug importation so that americans gain access to t…
rt  repdankildee  four years later  flint families are still recovering from the water crisis and having to use filters & bottled water  in…
the trump administration is now resorting to suing california for standing up and protecting people from their misg…
there is an overriding need for the world to step up to the plight of the rohingyas in burma 
rt  aarpohio  thank you to chonya from  repbeatty s office for meeting with us about snap  caregiving and rx drug issues that affect our me…
rt  foxbusiness    repgaramendi on  speakerryan not seeking re-election   his tax bill    creates a huge monumental deficit    i understand…
here s what the gop wants to do instead 
forest grove town hall meeting tuesday  march 27  6 00pm–7 00pm  pacificu mccready hall 2043 college way  forest gr…
rt  getuscovered  california  you ve got one week to find affordable health insurance at
devastated to hear one of the victims of tragic helicopter crash in iraq was florida native staff sft  carl enis  p…
i m hand-delivering more than 200 letters from hudson valley students to speaker ryan  these young folks have got…
rt  ms_homeland_sec  great opportunity in the delta today to present mohs opportunities to local leaders at the federal resources workshop…
rt  oversightdems  breaking   repcummings seeks subpoena for documents white house is withholding on failure to suspend security clearances…
climate change is real  happening now & hurting americans   epascottpruitt s regressive policies  like watering dow…
rt  usprogressives  we sent a letter to the leadership of the senate foreign relations committee urging them to reject mike pompeo as secre…
trump refuses to personally condemn russia over the poisoning of individuals in britain  had a russian nerve agent…
rt  edwardjgraham1    repannaeshoo  repyvetteclarke & 66 other dem house members wrote  fcc chairman  ajitpaifcc in support of protecting…
horrified to hear the news of the school shooting in florida  my heart goes out to all the students  faculty  staff…
 wigginmemorial this well-deserved recognition highlights wiggin memorial library s outstanding work connecting the…
saddened by the passing of former gov  george deukmejian  i found him to be a very nice and decent human being  i t…
rt  foreignaffairs  the united states turning its back on the world will do nothing to keep u s  citizens—or the country—secure and prosper…
congrats  monmouthsb 
let s stabilize the health care marketplaces  we should continue the cost-sharing reductions to provide low-cost in…
you work hard & that should still mean something  instead  paychecks are flat while medical bills & rent keep going…
rt  repmarktakano  the secretary of the u s  department of education does not believe we should be investing in school buildings  happy pu…
a volunteer with  helpusatroops came by the office to pick up the first round of donations for care packages for se…
rt  lwcfcoalition  thank you  repjackyrosen for supporting the permanent reauthorization of  lwcf   read more about why lwcf is important to…
thank you to the more than 100 members of the house who joined me today to introduce a resolution that expresses ou…
 sullied18 don t you think you should direct this tweet to sen  rubio  after all - i simply forwarded an interview…
estos fondos ayudarán a nuestros estudiantes a mantenerse competitivos y conseguir el éxito en el mercado laboral global 
i was proud to receive this award from  csgjc to commemorate the 10th anniversary of the second chance act
it s equal pay day and women still make less than men do  unequal pay has real consequences for our families and com…
organized labor built this country and remains a backbone to secure  well-paying jobs for the american worker  cong…
after squandering the last several weeks on a taxscam to enrich the wealthy and corporate america   housegop is br…
regional measure 3  the  3 bridge toll hike on the june ballot  that would raise money for transportation improveme…
looking forward to moderating a discussion with inspire talks speakers and artists tonight  in wilm net d e…
this tax day let s remember who really benefits from the g o p tax plan  ✔️ multinational corporations using tax bre…
trump s argument against daca is so weak and false that a federal judge has given him 90 days to come up with a bet…
rt  instituteforedu  co-sponsors of a bipartisan bill called  the congress of tomorrow    replahood and  congressmanraja told students the…
rt  repadamsmith  rt if you agree  clean drinking water should be a basic human right  dont forget flint
first lady barbara bush was an exceptional american and her lasting impact on our country will endure  sending cond…
in this week s e-newsletter  i recap the latest from dc  including the hastily passed omnibus  getting answers on…
proud to have helped secure federal funding to expand sec  8 vouchers & provide more nyers w/ affordable housing de…
our seacoast communities deserve to know how pfc contamination in groundwater supplies is impacting their health  i…
great to visit with the students of  stmaryacademy before my flight back to washington today  go monarchs 
rt  usaid  in our increasingly interconnected society  a health threat anywhere is a threat everywhere  usaid works with  cdcgov   deptofd…
rt  aprildryan  rising wages  black unemployment be careful
rt  repcohen  i ll join  msnbc tomorrow morning   9 10amet/8 10amct for a conversation on trump s withdrawal from the iran deal  special co…
huge crowd on hand for revive civility tour at  colsschforgirls  thanks for having us  
proud to attend the st  croix bridge ribbon cutting  i look forward to watching businesses & communities in wi/mn g…
we served  az09  residents at mobile office hours in sunnyslope  couldn t attend  call us for help  602-956-2285 
rt  repesty  you see 7 000 pairs of shoes to represent 7 000 children killed due to gun violence since sandy hook  i see 7 000 birthdays  h…
 we must always take sides  neutrality helps the oppressor  never the victim -elie wiesel  holocaust remembrance day…
rt  bflobizfirst   there seems to be an indifference to the fact that the public is going to be inconvenienced for two years   -  repbrianh…
rt  edworkforcedems  📺 watch   repsusandavis  congress must invest in students and make college affordable  unfortunately  the republican he…
 month-to-month budgeting is no way to run a business  farm  or government  and that is why i am unable to support…
great visit today with  austal_usa   in addition to supplying our men and women in the armed forces with cutting-ed…
glad to see the  ucf and  siemens public-private partnership remains strong  it strengthens the education of ucf st…
wa is home to some of the nation s busiest ports  including  portofeverett in top 30  and is the most trade depende…
rt  repjoecrowley  this is the g o p tax scam  💰billionaires get a tax break ❌ hard-working families get a tax hike that s not how it s supp…
rt  repdonbeyer  8 years after the deepwater disaster  deepwater horizon s lessons about offshore drilling are clear  - danger to our envi…
glad to see americans making their voice heard again on the importance of public science and how it impacts our pol…
i m proud to support net neutrality legislation because access to a free and open internet should be a right  not a…
a new  ednces study shows nearly all teachers pay for supplies from their own pockets - an average of  479 per year…
rt  reprokhanna  drug addiction has destroyed too many lives  i support  repmarciafudge s breaking addiction act  this legislation breaks d…
rt  jonathantamari  inside the office of notre dame alum  repbrendanboyle
happy cinco de mayo to all those celebrating in  nj08 
i applaud the 4 brave women who spoke out about the outrageous and abusive behavior of ag schneiderman  his resigna…
rt  housedemocrats    repjuanvargas  ca-51  visited the abilityone program in chula vista  the largest source of employment for people with…
rt  hispaniccaucus  including a citizenship question in the 2020 census only serves to suppress participation & will result in inaccurate d…
rep  cicilline joins federal  state and local officials to break ground on renovation of the old sheffield school i…
my statement on today s special counsel indictments
in mn  medicaid covers  • 1 in 4 children • 1 in 2 nursing home residents • 1 in 2 people with disabilities the…
rt  tennessean  joe daniels  age 5  missing in dickson co 
 2/2  the paraclete center brings hope and opportunity to young people in urban neighborhoods by enriching their ed…
keep it up  don t forget to sign-up for health insurance before open enrollment ends on december 15th 
rt  tpmsprincipal  cspan was at tpms today to recognize dhruv pai and carina guo - 2nd place winners of the c-span studentcam competition …
 bpolitics not exactly
this is great news for our innovation economy in sacramento 
a victory for our nation s founding ideals  rooted in equality & opportunity for all  last year  i intro d the saf…
happy 100 years  natlparkservice  here s to the next 100 years of parks for all americans   lwcf   nps100 
a self-aggrandizing  redemption  narrative show for men who only recently faced any consequences for years or decad…
thank you to the se ct central labor council for their work to prepare this morning s event in groton commemorating…
does that include the majority of your members whose support of universal background checks you ignore 
rt  nwlc   reprichmond a7 4 black women are 3-4x more likely to die from pregnancy-related complications  maternity covg is a racial justic…
our government is of the people and by the people  it is not for government officials who seek to abuse their posit…
donald trump ran for president as the great  negotiator   well  he negotiated his way into a completely unnecessary…
pruitt s lies are stacking up  and republicans continue to turn a blind eye  they re complicit in his serious ethic…
bipartisan nonprofit energy efficiency act helps nonprofits become energy efficient while saving money 
republicans now want millions of americans to lose health insurance in order to give giant corporations a huge tax…
pleased that father patrick conroy will remain in his position as house chaplain  father conroy is the conscience o…
also proud that robin kelly has started referring to me as  the godmother of warriors  
need help with a federal issue  staff will be available at the kenmore library and north tonawanda city hall for c…
 malteseanna ¯\_ ツ _/¯
state champions    way to go warriors  
rt  capehartj  rep  karen bass on senate majority leader mitch mcconnell   why would anyone trust him now  
congress failed again to protect hundreds of thousands of young americans facing immediate deportation to countries…
  epascottpruitt is currently under at least seven federal investigations  he must be held accountable for his acti…
rt  cmarinucci  new -- bay area traffic relief  following calls by  senfeinstein &  repdesaulnier for an additional sf bay crossing  metrop…
yesterday s press conference was yet another example of the president s complete lack of leadership  1/5
 hokuleawwv departed dc this week to continue onto nyc  i extend my best wishes to the hokulea for a safe & prosperous world wide voyage 
congratulations to raymond camp  rn of homewood on his daisy award for extraordinary nurses  keep up the great wor…
black students are almost 4x as likely to receive an out-of-school suspension & 2x as likely to be arrested as thei…
opioid addiction has devastating effects on  md02  & our country  we ve asked  potus  administration to fund the…
it s not complicated  students deserve to be safe in their classrooms  nineteen years after columbine  i stand with…
rt  nancypelosi  we must stand strong against  realdonaldtrump s efforts to undermine the 2020 census 
watch my video below on the questions i asked treasury sec  mnuchin about why he & trump are not implementing the s…
from my family to yours  we wish you a truly happy hanukkah  as we bring loved ones together to celebrate the festi…
 we have massive amounts of money being spent trying to convince people that we don t deserve universal healthcare …
rt  senschumer  former secretary price s comments & the new commonwealth fund study continue to remove any doubt that the gop and the trump…
new on langevin hits the rhode  i had an informative visit  hireimage in johnston where i learned about their compreh…
since the fall  i ve been sharing the stories of oregonians who are also dreamers on the house floor because right…
rt  juliabrownley26    repanniekuster & i requested va & ig investigate continued delays in finalizing contract for new va electronic healt…
such a treat to join  girlscouts today for g i r l agenda — teaching girls about the power they have to change the…
the most basic function of the majority party -- particularly one that controls the house  senate and white house -…
brilliant  funny explanation of net neutrality  best  most understandable and engaging explanation i ve seen 
i support nature hikes not park fee hikes  there s a better way to pay for park upgrades than raising visitor fees …
rt  thehill  just in  fair housing groups to sue carson for rescinding obama-era desegregation rule  report
we gave over 100 vietnam war period veterans official pins thanking them for their service last night  honored and…
good meeting with members from the  iccfa and my dear friend larry anspach 
i am proud to have spoken at the innovations in medical education i/ii session and help inspire students to   
we can t wait until trump fires robert mueller to start organizing  that s why i led a meeting today with…
i hope to see my colleague   repanthonybrown  back at the capitol soon  best wishes on a speedy recovery 
rt  officialcbc  watch our press conference on the jobs and justice omnibus legislation we re introducing 
thank you  statedept for inviting me to speak at your national african-american history month program 
in 2017  my office returned over  622 000 to veterans like ernie through our casework program  there may be other…
whether serving in iraq or afghanistan  our post-9/11 veterans were exposed to open-air burn pits  often for many hours a day 
q4  who will benefit the most from the g o p tax plan   nometrealtors  nickalbares ask the experts
wonderful morning worshipping at first a m e  church and celebrating their 52nd anniversary  thank you  pastor will…
proud to join the brave students of  ma5  who are fighting for commonsense gun safety  see you in natick tomorrow …
congress must pass the d r e a m act or risk losing 20 000 teachers who are dreamers in our schools  protect d r e a mers
i applaud the  houseforeign committee for passing h res 401  i urge  gopleader to bring this resolution to the floor without delay to sen   
fmr  hhs sec  tom price admits what  realdonaldtrump & congressional republicans would never dare  americans are go…
if you need help  please visit to learn more or feel free to call us at  916  635-0505  6/ [end]
i had a wonderful time with you guys this morning  thank you to the faculty and staff  schooldiscovery for all of y…
mixing politics & intelligence puts lives at risk  both parties try hard to avoid it  that changed today  the publi…
there are many steps we can take to make college more affordable and accessible  including updating the federal work study program 
i look forward to joining  mjfirstlook today in the 5 am et hour to discuss news of the day  there s no better way…
during tax week i want to make sure that homeowners who live in my district know how the g o p tax scam affects them …
thank you to the families of our fallen heroes for your service & sacrifice  gold star spouses day
rt  mercycorps  proud to support new legislation by  repeliotengel  judgetedpoe  repmccaul  repadamsmith  usrepkeating  reppaulcook driving…
praying for the safety and well-being of everyone affected by the wildfires in san diego  los angeles  riverside  s…
welcome  congressman  conorlambpa 
there are so many critical issues in polk county  i appreciate everyone who joined me at my town hall in dallas to…
today  realdonaldtrump once again showed america that his fundamental guiding principle is hate  cleandream nohate
rt  oversightdems   repcummings  replynch   repcummings  replynch  president trump s statements yesterday denigrating immigrants and refuge…
rt  transportdems  t&i democrats are unified in opposition to privatizing our nation s atc system  dont privatize our skies  read more 
i m joining  bloombergtv in the 12 pm et/9 am pt hour today to discuss syria and other news of the day  i hope you can tune in 
 whiphoyer  repcurbelo  westermanar piden voto por  promesa 
happy national volunteer week to all those throughout the second district and country who volunteer their time to su…
rt  sensanders  if you are concerned about education  infrastructure and health care  then you should be concerned about foreign policy   b… 
great progress at the future home of the  nga_geoint in north st  louis  site preparation is ahead of schedule  360…
our prayers go out to 5 fallen puerto rican national guardsmen killed in today s plane crash and to their families …
lots of fun at the weymouth vs  walpole high school game at turco field  great turnout in support of both teams  lo…
wishing him and his family the very best 
thank you to ms  katelynn destefano and  marioncohigh for inviting me to speak with them this morning about governm…
after giving pharmaceutical companies billions in tax breaks  house republicans just voted against lowering the cos…
rt  thereval  it is such an important time to discuss the black church & mobilizing to get the vote out  on day 3 of the 2018 nan conventi…
on thanksgiving  we reflect on our many blessings  i am grateful for family  friends  for our great country  and fo…
today starts new chapter in fighting to protect dreamers who grew up in us and are our fellow americans  protecting…
the house just passed the strengthening protections for social security beneficiaries act of 2017  this bipartisan…
rt  nancypelosi  we re demanding  speakerryan commit to bring up bipartisan legislation to protect d r e a mers 
rt  housejuddems  🚨 breaking  🚨 judiciary dems urge  repgoodlatte to bring gun violence prevention legislation before judiciary committee f…
having an accurate census is important  and we must protect its integrity  this administration s move to politicize…
rt  readygov  charge devices 📲 and check-in on friends  family  & neighbors if hermine is in your forecast 
pleased that the omnibus included important victories on behalf of the great lakes  including   33 3 million for t…
 tbt  to when i presented a south windsor navy veteran with his medals  did you know that my office could assist yo…
it is time to expand national service  not shrink it  that s why i introduced action for national service  learn mo…
day 9 of womens history month-  speakerryan there are only 8 more legislative days scheduled this month  once again …
rt  thebeatwithari   this has all the markings of watergate  -  tedlieu on mueller probe and trump s inaction on russian election interfere…
i applaud  barackobama for taking action on immigration & standing for those who deserve brighter future in america
  secazar   secretaryacosta &  stevenmnuchin1 need to withdraw their proposal to extend junkinsurance plans  these…
when our country operates under continuing budget resolutions  the strength and readiness of our military suffers a…
i agree with  sheriffreese and teacher cindy reese  arming teachers would make our classrooms more dangerous  this…
rt  hassankanu  new  house lawmakers joint sens  in asking labor board prosecutor peter robb to resume huge case charging mcdonald s as joi…
rt  ravenambers    lloyddoggetttx   hate never has  and hate never will make america great  
we must get serious about helping fire & forest agencies prepare for future wildfires  read more about my plan here
april highlights  passed a bill protecting az kids from identity fraud  worked across the aisle to expand the amber…
  realdonaldtrump ha  here s what s really going on ➡️
so excited to participate in today s take your daughter to congress day  dalilah  a smart young girl from maryland …
congratulations to nasir bin zakaria  a dear friend and the founder of the center  for receiving the global citizen…
new c b oscore confirms trumpcare would be devastating to millions of american families  it must be rejected  protect our care
rt  officialcbc    gabnmill c b c on healthcare
we must work together to make a way out of no way  goodtrouble
asthma  diabetes  cancer  arthritis & pregnancy—just a few of the pre-existing conditions you could be charged more for under trump care
two weeks to register for  usda s 2017 ag census  lend your voice to shape future ag investments  6/30 deadline
president trump should have imposed additional sanctions on russia  his failure to do so sends the wrong message…
rt  transportdems  breaking  implementation of nextgen is on budget & republican s plan to privatize atc may jeopardize it  read more 
i want to thank the brave women who came forward  their courageous decision to speak out will help advance this imp…
this morning i stood with thousands of students on the lawn of the u s  capitol to demand common sense gun safety r…
i m happy to see the white house continue to prioritize modernizing our federal agencies and empower the role of fe…
shameful  disgraceful  racist  reminder  it s  give me your tired  your poor  your huddled masses yearning to bre…
rt  deanobeidallah  just interviewed  repjoekennedy about the florida shooting and trump s refusal to discuss access to guns when talking g…
proud to join my friend  repguthrie to launch the congressional e-commerce caucus  looking forward to working on a…
rt  joyannreid  sorry  i blathered on a bit too long there on  thelastword but this trumpian hypocrisy really has me going  column on it go…
so inspired by my discussion with mcclatchy high school government students yesterday  thank you for all of your gr…
rt  reprichardneal  you can t upend the tax system without creating serious problems – & we re already seeing the g o p tax scam creating many…
rt  usprogressives  president trump s reckless decisions do not reflect the will of the vast majority of americans  the congressional progr…
rt  cheddar  ahead of zuckerberg testifying in front of the house   repdebdingell says the collection of big data is one of the most serio…
it would take the median mattel worker nearly five millennia to make what their ceo makes in a year  this vast ineq…
wishing a happy  prosperous new year to cambodian  burmese  laotian  and thai-americans celebrating in  ma3  and beyond 
when i met with students from marjory stoneman douglas high school  they described what it was like to spend hours in…
i m joining  elizabethprann on  foxnews at the top of the hour to discuss north korea and more  i hope you can tune in 
the submission deadline for the annual congressional art competition is approaching  entries must be received by ap…
tom and the trades  joined bricklayers and allied craft workers in the district this morning to get my hands dirty …
while  housegop has passed special-interest bills  they have refused to bring up key bills that americans support & would help millions  1/
for years   dromm25   franciscomoyany   jimmyvanbramer   melindakatz   mgdendekker & i have sought to fully repair…
congratulations to the newly crowned 2018 daffodil queen  allie brooks 
on  cspan live soon  i ll be on the floor to talk about my h con res 40 – encouraging reunions of divided korean american families
voters are heading to the polls today to start the 2018 election season  and the gop is still doing nothing about r…
rt  fcnljustice  bipartisan event with leaders on c j reform & second chances to commemorate 10th anniversary of the second chance act  than…
i enjoyed meeting with human rights activist and actress  nazaninboniadi and discussing ways we can help those brav…
rt  bettymccollum04  i m honored to have earned an f rating from the  nra for supporting commonsense gun safety legislation  alongside  rep…
a mind to work  
the trump administration has implemented a lot of immoral and un-american policies since they came to office  but t…
i m proud to introduce the bipartisan va medicinal cannabis research act of 2018 alongside  drphilroe &…
 we re tired of being treated like second-class citizens  the trump administration must honor its commitment to pue…
rt  washingtonpost  federal judge orders government to continue daca and accept new applicants  in toughest blow yet to trump s efforts to…
important effort by senator mccaskill that republican leader mcconnell blocked  along with  housegop leadership  he…
the decision to designate the río grande del norte a national monument was strongly supported by new mexicans  this…
the paper & wood products industry provides  mfg  jobs in rural and urban communities across oregon and the country celebrate f p
for poetry month my office is holding its 3rd annual poetry showcase for local schools  we have many great submissi…
as congressional portuguese american caucus co-chair  i m proud to join reps  cicilline & valadao in leading the amig…
let s open the white house to all of our congressional representatives for the white house state dinner so that the…
i am gravely concerned about this report that found active duty service members involved in a white supremacist org…
rt  mdean_leadmn  thank you  reptimwalz for supporting community and technical college students  it is time to reinvest in higher education…
rt  chicagosmayor  honored and humbled to tour loíza  a neighborhood in puerto rico hard hit by hurricane maria  with mayor  julialoiza and…
i applaud  senatorfeinstein for dropping her opposition to marijuana legalization  as society s view of marijuana e…
rt  repjoecrowley  this is the g o p tax scam  💰billionaires get a tax break ❌ hard-working families get a tax hike that s not how it s supp…
i m not sure what makes me angrier  when republicans claim the g o p tax scam puts workers first or those rare moments…
the gop tax bill scams the majority of americans  except for big businesses and the 1%  small businesses owned by p…
rt  bluevirginia  reps   donbeyerva  gerryconnolly request investigation of pruitt ally  banned banker albert kelly
i will not stand by as the president continues to implement policies that are harmful to the african-american commu…
rt  dmekailek  thank you  reprubengallego for the chance to share my story w/ you today  as a homeless veteran i endured many obstacles to…
the constitution transcends partisanship  when president obama was contemplating military action against syria  i h…
rt  teampelosi  the skyrocketing cost of prescription drugs is an issue americans want us to confront now  at what point do trump and rep…
from march for our lives   1 05—what the nra paid  marcorubio for every student in florida  rubio got another payof…
  realdonaldtrump wh official claimed amb  haley was confused about russian sanctions  her response   i don t get…
can i count on your support  join my re-election efforts by lending your name as a public supporter  visit …
to reiterate  gop is trying to eliminate state & local tax deduction for millions of middle-class families  but let…
the trump  fcc wants to end the free and open internet  that s why i m supporting legislation that will bring…
rt  blrshepherd    congressmanruiz offers insight on how to properly address aid to puerto rico post hurricane devastation
terribly saddened and dumbfounded by the sudden loss of kevin kamenetz  a man who devoted his life to the people of…
i voted against tonight s continuing resolution because it failed to offer hope to the 800 000 young american dream…
rt  goldenknights  yesss that was fun    🤗 vegas born
the g o p tax scam in action  step 1  republicans cut taxes on corporations and the ultra-wealthy step 2  sharehol…
northwest new jersey veterans  the newton cboc began a new program of on-site mental health services for local vete…
rt  hbcucaucus  we re proud to have  steam  caucus co-chair  repbonamici as a partner in the s t e a m dayof action  employers are seeking well-r…
happy hanukkah to all who are celebrating in  oh11  and around the world 
rt  alexlubben   i think this boils down to a system of trust  you ve set up a system where you re picking winners and losers   tonko says…
the use of chemical warfare is horrific  illegal  and should be held to account by the international community  i c…
rt  repveasey    potus   housegop   senategop  roses are red  violets are blue  d r e a mers are americans  just like you  ❤
last year  the president touted a plan for a  va  digital health system  now  reports say that this initiative is no…
dreamers serve in our military  teach in our schools and give back to our communities  we owe it to them to have a…
rt  housedpcc  watch  repcicilline   repdankildee   rephankjohnson   repmarcykaptur   repbeatty &  whiphoyer speak out on the g o p tax scam…
rt  lymphedemaact1  thank you  repbradashford for cosponsoring hr1608 lymphedema treatment act to reduce healthcare costs while improving…
congratulations to my friend  phillymayor  jimfkenney  looking forward to working together for our city   phl2016 
tax cuts don t pay for themselves  so how do republicans want to pay for the g o p tax scam  by cutting crucial benefi…
securing equal pay means securing economic justice & opportunity for all people  with the paycheck fairness act  we…
what better way to celebrate rosie the riveter day than with real life rosies phyllis gould & mae krier  these siste…
over a 40-year career  the avg woman loses  418k to the wage gap  but many groups of women lose so much more than t…
speaking to hundreds of business leaders at  spfldregchamber outlook2018 about transportation  jobs …
since day 1   epascottpruitt has polluted the  epa with his backward  science-denying policies  now  he is the newe…
we had great weather for an even greater cause in cresskill this weekend for national rebuilding day  thank you to a…
i signed the resolution to censure trump over his racist remarks because his vile comments should have no place in our public discourse 
   balancear su presupuesto  convertirse en más eficiente y transparente  y recuperar el acceso a los mercados financieros 
monday 3/26  st  helens town hall meeting  st  helens high school  loo wit room tuesday 3/27  forest grove town hal…
a few of my dc staff cheered on dems   congressional baseball game  while we won  the real victory was our unity in…
the great outdoors belongs to us all  but  secretaryzinke s mission during his first year has been to take the  pub…
rt  cnnsotu  tune into  cnnsotu  with  jaketapper this sunday to hear from our panel   ricksantorum   pattisolisdoyle   secupp and  repgrego…
while the trump admin has given politically motivated exemptions to states like florida  it continues to the miss t…
this is a smart  strategic investment by  cabq and  nmvic  as it will foster the connections between our neighbors…
the deepwater disaster destroyed lives  wildlife & habitats  now  the trump administration is unravelling the prote…
rt  normajtorres  the flint water crisis can t be allowed to happen elsewhere  congress can—and must—make critical investments in water inf…
deeply saddened by the passing of my dear friend & colleague  rep   louiseslaughter  she was a truly dedicated publ…
great to join  squawkcnbc to talk gateway & the tax hike bill  securing the gateway to one-fifth of america s econo…
i m extremely disappointed that the former equifax ceo could not adequately answer many questions asked by my coll…
this  natlwkofconvos  i encourage you to treat others how you want to be treated  golden rule
en el foro pr en crisis expliqué q promesa dispone ayudar al gob de pr a restaurar su salud financiera y recuperar acceso en los mercados
rt  transportdems  icymi  rm  reppeterdefazio &  repricklarsen on the need to reform  not privatize our air traffic control system 
the best way to honor dr  king is for each one of us doing something to advance his dream for a more just nation 
rt  cspanwj  rep  adam smith  d-wa  joins us from capitol hill to discuss u s  led strikes in syria & the overall role of congress in this…
in honor of national library week  i stopped by the san luis obispo public library to donate books from the library…
randy & i offer claudio & her entire family our condolences during this difficult time  jean s intellect & decency…
so honored to present the  ilrf labor rights defender award tonight to  unitehere  including the awesome sonya from…
rt  repcohen  my op-ed in the memphis commercial appeal  memphisnews   we still need m l k s  fierce urgency of now    concerning  mlk50  &…
thank you  amjoyshow for getting me on the show yesterday to talk about this  twill chicago resist
 momentof truth  what happens if trump fires mueller  millions of americans all over this country are already takin…
rt  tribelaw  anybody who can read this without tearing up needs a soul transplant 
in california  african american women with breast cancer suffer mortality rates 41% higher than others  thank you t…
who benefits from g o p tax bill  wealthiest americans & corporations  who gets the bill  middle-class families  small biz  future generations
congratulations to paul nakasone on his senate confirmation to head  uscybercommand &  nsagov https //t co/dddn6lxo4a
countless middle-class families  patients with preexisting conditions  children who can stay on their parents  plan…
rt  obubc  brilliant to have  werow_life down for the day checking out our preparations for windermere and bucs regatta yesterday  the men …
tomorrow  i m joining the c b c demands justice town hall at 3pm cst  ask your questions using c b c demands justice and…
national champions  congrats to  gracelandu s men s basketball team on winning the  naiadimbb  tournament …
i m so proud to help send off r o c s very own brian gionta  who will be competing in the 2018 winter olympics as cap…
on this veterans day  let us solemnly honor the brave men and women who served in the armed forces to protect our way of life 
thank a teacher
 braincanada your work is a indispensable lead role in this global initiative   1 billion worldwide are suffering…
rt  edshow  ➨ 1 hour to edshow with  repjimmcdermott   katefagan3  espnw and  michaelrogersdc  rawstory on boycottindiana at 5pet/4pct on…
rt  fscdems   [t]he trump administration remains unwilling to implement the law and hold russia accountable  i find this refusal  and you…
we need a credible secretary of state  not one who promotes bigotry and has a history of anti-muslim sentiment and…
rt  edworkforcedems  the business groups that met  betsydevosed on capitol hill today had a better chance to question the education secreta…
looking forward to having a conversation about racial justice policy tonight at a forum moderated by sheriff  stevenwtompkins
the myth that somehow cutting snap will reduce our deficit is nothing but a cynical attempt to take resources from…
congrats emily  appreciate all you do for michigan students 
it s time to hold this congress and this administration accountable for their conduct  americans deserve a better d…
joining  nprmichel on weekend atc on npr  nprwatc to talk about politics and other things and hopefully my job offe…
the answer is a trip to cleveland is about  200- 300  so a lot less than his pricey first-class trips abroad 
rt  loveforhouse58  many thanks to  repjimcooper for inviting councilman  bedne and myself to encourage  metroschools  glencliffcolts high…
 at present  our country needs women s idealism and determination  perhaps more in politics than anywhere else   w…
last weekend  i attended the summit of the americas where leaders pledged to crack down on corruption …
right now  half of the world lacks access to essential health services  including too many families in america  on…
for too long our food & farm policies have failed—giving too much to the wrong people to grow the wrong foods in th…
let s keep it up  november6
rt  waysmeanscmte  pharmaceutical companies didn t use their massive benefits from the republican tax law to lower drug prices – why does p…
rt  acadrad  congresswoman eshoo is here to join us for med tech18  thank you  repannaeshoo for your continued support and let s keep those…
rt  officialcbc  read the congressional black caucus  letter to the nfl about police brutality via  sbnation
i had a great time stopping by the 2018 hockanum brew fest in downtown rockville today  had the chance to meet gre…
join me today on facebook live at 10 00 am est  as i join texas house members in holding a press conference on the…
crisis in puerto rico &  usvi  demands immediate action & the full attention of our entire federal government 
rt  bnaibrith    repraskin reflects on the passover story and answers  what does it mean to be jewish   in our latest 0dot2 video for our…
happy birthday to my friend and colleague   repvaldemings 
 realdonaldtrump so you blame the victims  the survivors  and the school     you re demented  end gun violence
  housegop was in such a rush to make the rich & big corporations even richer with their deficit-exploding taxbill…
rt  mrdanzak  trump now drawing cheers for suggesting he get an  extension  on his presidency past 8 years  says the media would probably b…
rt  mleeashley  audio   ronwyden  senatortomudall  repcartwright propose coal reforms to deliver fair share to taxpayers
january 25  2018 – murphy high school  mobile  alabama photo   fox10news 12/19
rt  mkraju  trump jr could not recall with whom he spoke after june 6 phone call w emin agalarov ahead of trump tower meeting  it was a blo…
rt  nashssdilaw   repschakowsky and il tax experts explain what to expect re g o p tax scam this saturday  our take here
rt  piersplatt  i led tank and scout platoons in iraq  no civilian should have access to the same weapons we carried  vets for gun reform ma…
i will be on with  cnn and  wolfblitzer at 6 30pm  tune in v i strong
i couldn t agree more  we owe it to the families whose worlds are forever changed & the survivors who lived this ho…
we re starting our discussion on protecting and preserving our great lakes at e3 summit with  illinoisdnr  a4gl…
if the  nra were right that having more guns is the solution  then this chart would look the opposite  but the numb…
today three hi soldiers are being honored w/induction into the  rotc  hall of fame for  rotc100  
donald trump s plan to dramatically expand offshore oil drilling near florida would be terrible for our state  our coasts  and our economy 
rt  moaflcio  rightto work drives down wages and raises the poverty rate  it s wrong for working families  repeal r t w vote no on prop a
amen 
thank you kennedy high school  and adam and john from marjory stoneman douglas high school  for today s thoughtful…
happy independence day 
congratulations to lansing s new eagle scouts  liam polanski  thomas mcclain  william pasco  joshua drosos & giova…
follow along here as c t s commissioner of education and i discuss schoolsafety and violence prevention …
had a great time with katie edwards  senator monty mason and vp of academics lee vreeland at the an achieveable dre…
on vietnam veterans day  we honor and thank the brave americans who risked their lives during the vietnam war  we wi…
i m honored to receive the george e  brown  jr  award for science achievement  stemonthehill for my work on  stem… 
today is the 73rd anniversary of d day  we remember the courage of the soldiers who fought for our freedom&thank those that protect us today
joined my colleagues for a friendly cook-off supporting  marchofdimes last night & was proud to take home an award…
excellent presentation on town finances at norwood town meeting last night  thank you town moderator david hern for…
supporting the iran deal meant supporting our allies & a safer world with oversight of iran s nuclear program  scra…
florida has not forgotten the deepwater disaster 8 years ago  ban offshore drilling to protect our coast 
yesterday  i joined  replloyddoggett and  safoodbank in a press conference addressing concerns about cuts to  snap… 
  joyannreid was a tough interviewer when i ran for house leadership  but was always fair  she is inclusive  compas…
business leadership   great news  
rt  cspan  del   eleanornorton on senator  marcorubio   rubio s shamefully token responses in the senate to the parkland tragedy will be se…
hope you can swing by our town hall on tuesday in el paso to share what s on your mind and ask me any questions 
our country was founded on the idea of no taxation without representation  hundreds of thousands of americans livin…
i continue to urge the administration to change course and reinstate  tps  for these countries and i support legisla…
rt  thehill  ted lieu torches trump for putting blame on obama after alleged chemical attack  you re the president now  remember 
nevada s dreamers have waited far too long for a legislative solution to the uncertainty that impacts their daily l…
nih supported research is helping us to better understand the impact of the opioidepidemic on young people
americans have made it clear they are worried about rising prescription drug prices – and it s no wonder  they dese…
thank you  saaltweets for raising awareness about s  asian communities facing rising levels of hate violence and xe…
to all the students in  nc01  and across the country  thank you  thank you for raising your voice  thank you for st…
yesterday  i highlighted that ruby bridges became the face of school integration at just 6-years-old  today  studen…
let s not forget the gains we have made over the last 50 years  congress must restore the v o t e 
rt  edboilermaker13  our friend in labor   repdwightevans helping us in our fight for goodjobs  boilermakers13 boilermakers union l e a p htt…
rt  countyofla  join the fight against homelessness  find a paycheck with purpose at  supjanicehahn  mridleythoma…
rt  nrdems  fact  nearly 1/2 latinos in the u s  live in counties with the worst air pollution   repraulgrijalva and  repbarragan are talki…
rt  energycommerce  more than 200 organizations oppose the  fcc s plan to rollback net neutrality citing     economic growth is possible be…
my office has worked on more than 5 600 constituent cases and secured more than  15 9 million in benefits that were…
synthetic id fraud is  one of the fastest-growing forms of identity crimes    and among the hardest to combat   - w…
itching to make a difference  good  the ossoff campaign in georgia needs volunteers to travel down there and   
serving alongside louise slaughter in congress  i witnessed her wit  compassion  and dedication to this country  sh…
rudy giuliani  lawyer for the president of the united states   cohen didn t even ask  he made it go away    i am w…
rt  marcoscrespo85  when leadership comes together to do what needs to be done  once again ny leads in the crisis response to pr  nygovcuom…
way to go   wegmans 
rt  deptvetaffairs  this suicide prevention month  be there for veterans and servicemembers  learn what you can do 
pleased that my office was able to provide mr  ron cortez  a vietnam veteran and hamburger hill survivor  a flag fl…
please read my full statement on  potus  decision to withdraw the united states from the iran deal here …
there are many kinds of natural disaster that can impact our islands  because of their level of devastation or freq…
meet  melissa butler owner   thelipbar a vegan  gluten-free and paraben-free lipstick company now available at targ…
must read  latimes editorial   this weekend must be the beginning of something   i couldn t agree more …
rt  teampelosi  i ll say it again  scott pruitt must resign  and he must resign now before he uses your taxpayer money for his next luxurio…
rt  marykaybaldino  thank you  repschakowsky  proud to be your constituent  impeach trump now
rt  washtimesoped  today s special section cybersecurity2018 includes   jerrymoran   senatortomudall   boblatta   repannaeshoo   reprobink…
rexit is here - sec  tillerson is out  pres  trump continues to make impulsive decisions regarding american diplom…
placing a citizenship question in the 2020 census is a terrible idea that will likely lead to an inaccurate count …
the city of pittsburg has opened a new community park in honor of inspector ray giacomelli  who was fatally shot in…
rt  homelanddems  hearing on  dhsgov headquarters project at st elizabeths just began with  reploucorrea  video & more info--------&gt 
joining  wolfblitzer to discuss trump-comey  michael cohen and his newly revealed third client  seanhannity 
rt  wsbdc  the washington sbdc is making an impact on small businesses in  wa10  district  thank you  repdennyheck for your continued suppor…
rt  longisland   repkathleenrice bill requires cybersecurity training for all house members
from fruits and vegetables to pecans and livestock  agriculture in georgia provides an abundance of food for life …
  bigjoehomedepot  i couldn t agree more  our crumbling roads & bridges are a direct threat to our economy  safety…
rt  aprildryan  my on the record podcast with guest congress member  benniegthompson  ms02   ranking member of  homelanddems  officialcbc  t…
those who seek to serve our country on our behalf should not have to suffer harm at the hands of their own fellow s…
today the house passed my amendment to help communities like zion forced to house our nation s stranded nuclear was…
rt  repcohen  i joined  thelastword with  lawrence o donnell on  msnbc to discuss republicans  reluctance to act as trump brings us closer…
happy national small business week  join me in the celebration  i ll be sharing facts  tips  and info all week …
rt  keithellison  bigger corporations are making you poorer  a wave of new research shows how as corporations get bigger  the share of mone…
the g o p tax scam explodes the deficits and makes seniors and families pay for it 
despite the gop s lack of outreach  the affordable care act is still thriving  don t forget you have until dec  15…
rt  astro_flow  book cover finally approved grit grace steam
rt  repcohen  kelly sadler is a mean  small   sick   and disrespectful louse 
promesa pasa ahora al senado  y espero q actúe de la misma manera bipartidista para aprobar esta legislación imperfecta pero indispensable 
i m joining  vietnamwar50th to thank and honor vietnam veterans and their families  if you or a family member are…
rt  housedemocrats  fifty years after the loss of his mentor and friend  dr  martin luther king  jr    repjohnlewis reminds us that real pr…
rt  jorgenre2  great to share ideas today during make it in america listening tour with  whiphoyer  usrepmikedoyle  pittchancellor and sever…
i guess speaker ryan would fire pope francis too if he could 
was glad to join la city councilman  josehuizar and other city leaders in officially unveiling the naming of carol…
proud to host a meeting today with prominent latino voices in the business community  including representatives fr…
reading opens up whole new worlds for children 
rt  housedemocrats  our hearts are heavy today with the passing of our colleague and dear friend congresswoman louise slaughter  she was a…
the phones in congresswoman tsongas s lowell district office are having technical difficulties  if you are not abl…
members of the senate are moving forward with efforts to savethe internet  proud to be one of 160 members supporti…
an incredible amount of work goes into providing fertilizer for our farmers  thanks to crop product services for th…
cuts to  snap  hurt children and other vulnerable members of communities  taking food away from struggling families…
 dhs report finds russia successfully hacked into sophisticated cyber networks for nuclear  water & power plants  b…
scamming 9/11 first responders & survivors is downright disgusting  these heroes deserve our gratitude  utmost resp…
 congressbdaybot i ve come a mighty long way   by faith   family and friends  at least 25 million helped/millions…
icymi  our very own north coast redwoods just topped lonely planet s  best in the u s   list  this is just further…
rt  bostshawn  voter 360 in c-town- nice cap sign holder  off to drive folks to polls  make some call  getting there  capuano4senate masen
dreamers and their families are living in uncertainty and fear every day that congress fails to act  now is the ti…
in feb 2016  i visited flint with  repdankildee   replawrence   repdebdingell   repcummings  &  repscottpeters to s…
families across the country thrive when hud and usda commit to making adequate investments in housing & community d…
  housegop are slashing vital funds for preventative care in another attempt to sabotage the  aca   we must…
it s time for a raise for america s working families  i stand with workers across our nation  fightfor15
rt  ilretirees   repschakowsky  1/3 of all voters are seniors  we need to make sure the programs we need and cherish are on the agenda for…
with his un-american rhetoric and refusal to protect dreamers  trump seems to be pursuing a government shutdown de…
honored to receive the groundwater champion award from  wrdsocal at this year s g w fest2018  thank you for working…
today  i joined the asia subcommittee to sit down with south korean foreign minister kang kyung-wha and discuss her…
pleased to see the progress at the wexford innovation complex  which will provide an ecosystem for business growth…
while working to reverse years of progress we ve made to protect our planet  scott pruitt has lived off of a lobbyi…
rt  creationcare  pruitts betrayal of pro-life values at the  epa is harming the hearts and lungs of our children   potus   epascottpruitt…
sending heartfelt condolences to the baton rouge community  as fallen officer montrell jackson wrote  this city must and will get better 
looking forward to working with manchester s new mayor  congratulations on your swearing-in  mayor joyce craig …
this weekend in fresno  the  laoveterans &  sgu  veterans welcomed the lao veterans of america s new president  i…
  realdonaldtrump attacking  comey   calling him an  untruthful slime ball  isn t fighting back or standing tough …
grateful to  repthompson for working with me to secure  212m in additional federal dollars for ca wildfire relief …
in north carolina  60% of benefits in the g o p tax scam go to the top 5% of earners  meanwhile  a minimum wage worker…
team gottheimer met with new jersey representatives of the bus and motorcoach industry to discuss the critical need…
we support public broadcasting  which brings us educational programs to help prepare children for success in school…
last year facebook accepted rubles from russian trolls who posted ads to interfere in our elections  social media p…
rt  housenewdems  new dems  repronkind  repgregorymeeks  repricklarsen  repscottpeters and  gerryconnolly talk trade with ambassador light…
i ve been a strong supporter of awarding grants to schools and helping students learn new skills  job training can…
in less than two weeks we will mark the four-year anniversary of boko haram s abduction of the chibok girls  we can…
tune in  on  v103atlanta now  see you at the health fair tomorrow 
the amendments i co-sponsored in the faa reauthorization act will help ensure that women have a greater presence in…
great story in the portsmouth herald about how northeast passage supports seacoast veterans and strengthens our com…
i miss barack obama 2017 in4 words
i respectfully ask for your vote today for congress from  pa2  - please be sure to get out and vote pennsylvania  primary day
we have a moral obligation to protect 🌎 for our kids & future generations  epa s scott pruitt…
many families seeking asylum are fleeing unimaginable violence & terror  tearing these children from their parents…
as co-chair of the congressional brain injury task force  i am excited for today s brain injury awareness fair and b…
rt  whiphoyer  the bill passed by  housegop last night is further proof of their inability to govern  it s time for them to work with democ…
rt  repadamschiff  to my house and senate colleagues  if the president causes a constitutional crisis by firing mueller  no one can credib…
rt  derekmyoung  i m hearing from staff that we ll be able to stream tomorrow s countywide opioid summit on  pierceco s facebook page  you…
while there are more steps we can—and should—take to keep our families safe  this is an important step forward tha…
rt dayswithdave   qzknits and i just voted for cap-were votes 434 & 435 in our precint  the rush was just starting as people got out of work
heading to my public meeting in cambria w/  blmnational to discuss adding piedras blancas to the california coastal national monument 
 chickeee  donlemon  actmeasuresdoc
had the opportunity to question executives from  sbagov &  usgsa on their role in helping puerto rico get back on i…
  rockynps is the number 4 most visited national park in the country  we must keep park entrance fees down so our n…
appreciate my friend  repterrisewell  who represents alabama s civil rights district  for joining us in portland to…
today  we recognized the 15th anniversary of the terminal island memorial monument- a historic landmark established…
devastating news  journalists are out risking their lives every day in search of truth  my thoughts and prayers are…
mahalo to capt  kalowsky and all the hard working personnel of the phnsy & imf  team rep takai
my thoughts are with those injured and all of london after this horrific terror attack 
love seeing this spotlight on the many great things happening in sacramento 
thanks   emmawebsta  allure_magazine for the q&a  sexual harassment isn t about sex - it s about power over others…
had a little shadow at work for take your child to work day  thanks for all your advice shane  glad i had you keeping m…
rt  repgregorymeeks  an  f  from the  nra is the only failing grade i ve ever proudly received  i ll maintain my rating by fighting the g…
our hearts still ache for the lives that were cruelly and senselessly taken from us too soon and those who were inj…
standing in solidarity with and applauding you   erinmayequade  displays of courage like yours are how we ll…
florida s ports enable our state to thrive economically   rephastingsfl  reprutherfordfl  repteddeutch
rt  usaid  digital tech has the power to transform lives  yet  1 7 billion women in low- and middle-income countries lack access to it  jo…
rt  cdempc  ty  nikiinthehouse for explaining that the trump admin s infrastructure proposal doesn t grow the pie for transportation — it j…
rt  uscis  even in a government shutdown  come to interviews and appointments at our offices  only a few of our programs will be affected …
congrats  
today i stand with you and the senate dems in working to save the internet  let s continue this fight in making it free and fair 
rt  thenyic   what makes america the greatest country is its diversity   -  repgregorymeeks new york counts2020 save the census
efforts to conserve wildlife & combat wildlife trafficking must remain a priority in congress  proud to introduce t…
rt  deray  rise from one-time uber driver to chief of staff startles some hud observers
this is why we call the tax bill the g o p tax scam  working families deserve better than a tax law that sends almost…
when it comes to supporting lung cancer research  we can and must do better  this legislation marks a step forward…
 epascottpruitt even  though a trip to oklahoma might last three or five days  it was not unusual for only one such…
today i am testifying before the  natresources committee in favor of my bill  the kennedy-king establishment act  t…
we re lucky the community rallied around rip van winkle residents after the fire  but neither  hudgov nor pk managem…
we need to seek a targeted approach to make sure we provide our steel making communities with relief and punish cou…
i had a concussion there at the bridge  and i ve never been able to recall how any of us made it back alive …
🤓 issue watch goes out every tuesday & friday  sign up &gt &gt 
scrapping the iran deal undermines the leverage we have to address iran s ballistic missiles  support for terrorism…
congrats to newton  sigourney  iowa city and davenport on being selected as  ragbrai2018  stops in  ia02  
g e a r u pworks   everywhere  
my thoughts are with congresswoman louise slaughter s family  friends and staff today  she was a trailblazer and co…
we face real challenges w/ housing issues & homelessness in our san joaquin valley  so it was great to meet w/…
nj aids walk with father bob & friends at the center in asbury park 
thankful for my sister-friend  mclyburnfcc today  a staunch defender of net neutrality  mignon has been the conscie…
9a  i hear you  and i hope my colleagues in congress and the thousands of elected officials across the country are listening as well 
april is nationalautismawarenessmonth this month allows us to spread awareness and shed light on a growing conditi…
this is just terrible  my thoughts and prayers go out to rabbi aaron panken  his family  and loved ones 
i want to hear from you  how is your student loan debt affecting you  share your story---&gt 
i really hope this means we ve entered a golden age of ny times comments section monikers 
rt  rmanning47  6 of oregon s members of congress demand answers from interior dept about problems found at chemawa indian school in  opb …
 tbt 
firefighting air tankers like  globalsupertank belong in the sky protecting our communities from wildfires  not on…
rt  lacity  for questions about evacuation orders & shelters  call  myla311 by dialing 3-1-1 if you are within  lacity or 213-473-3231 if y…
protecting our communities begins with bipartisan leadership and support  we have to do more to ensure violent acts…
rt  housesbcdems  today  the house passed  repdwightevans  bill to improve and modernize small business development centers by ensuring tha…
 masonlcole  sengillibrand  senschumer i completely agree that special counsel mueller must be allowed to continue…
expanding the definition of  public charge  to discriminate & hurt immigrant families runs counter to american idea…
to our incredible ny & nyc teachers  & the teachers nationwide fighting for better education for their students  th…
had a great time meeting with jacob grajales this morning in my office  jacob is a constituent from bushwick and a…
rt  cbcfinc   we recognize the digital divide and we re in front of it  not behind it   —  jacksonleetx18 bringing remarks at the  cbcfinc …
for  realdonaldtrump to further lower the bar and subject more pregnant women to shackling  solitary confinement …
i have significant concerns over the white house s snap proposal 
rt  rebeccashabad   we ve been talking about this  but no one really wants to do anything about it    repjimmcdermott says about addressing…
discussing felix sater s interview with  chris lhayes on  msnbc
doing something this morning that s foreign to a lot of house republicans  holding a town hall to hear directly fro…
shared my docs perspective  energycommerce hearing to ensure the dea effectively intercepts fraudulent prescription drugs & keeps of streets
rt  repteddeutch  7 000 pairs of shoes  7 000 children killed by gun violence since the sandy hook massacre in 2012  this  has  to  stop …
rt  rachaelmyrow  congratulations to jennifer wu of palo alto high school who won this year s congressional art competition in  repannaes…
dc residents are here at folger park fired up and ready to march  rallyfor d c lives hands off d c march for our lives
rt  greatdaywash   keep fighting   says  eleanornorton to parkland students  or trump will be on his next tweet & congress onto next issue …
this is truly insensitive and inhumane and does nothing to make our communities safer 
to those  gop  members who  do not recall  the president s statements and those who were in the meeting have stayed…
the paycheck fairness act has been introduced every congress since 1997 as a way to close a loophole in the equal pa…
how can you tell these oregonians are middle schoolers  ✌️
wishing a happy birthday to my good friend   repjoecrowley  he is a terrific chair of  housedemocrats  and with a b…
congratulations to  starbucks for achieving gender & racial payequity  i join w/ your 1 600  sc  employees  includi…
a word of truth   
rt  repwilson  i still stand by my account of the call b/t  realdonaldtrump and myeshia johnson  that is her name  mr  trump  not  the woma…
yesterday   energycommerce ranking member  frankpallone and i sent a letter to e&c chairman  repgregwalden and chai…
puerto rico still has a ways to go with their recovery from the impact of hurricane maria  now the trump administra…
unlike the white house — a woman s right to make her own health care decisions — is not for sale  stand with p p
racism*
happening now  the bipartisan women s caucus hosts a hearing on sexual harassment in the workplace  from silicon va…
the g o p tax scam means hardworking americans will pay more  while republicans claim we cannot afford medicaid  medic…
rt  ameracadpeds    repdannydavis   drheardgarris from chicago  illinois  has a message for the young people speaking out to end gun violenc…
baseball gives our kids a chance to gain confidence  learn teamwork  and understand the value of hard work  and us…
rt  gooddayatlanta  right now  repdavidscott talks about his 13th annual health fair  saturday  8/19 at mundy s mill hs   gooddayatlanta ht…
these amendments were  1   56 million to reverse per diem reductions for the mil  & civilian workforce on temp  duty assignment   ndaa17 
another round of applause for katie mcgilvery  our  fl13   congressionalac winner  👏 congress4 c s houseof code
rt  hispaniccaucus  ¡atenciÓn dreamers  actualmente aún puedes solicitar la renovación de tu permiso  daca   si cumples con los requisitos p…
jobs report shows progress  under  barackobama s leadership we ve created 5 million jobs  still work to do but can t abandon progress  ca26 
this morning  the house voted to pass the faa reauthorization act  the bill  which extends faa funding for five yea…
remember  open enrollment is happening now  take care of yourself  take care of your family  get covered  aca… 
rt  repjohnlewis  50 years ago today  i learned the painful news that my friend  my mentor  dr  martin luther king  jr  had been assassinat…
standing with my  housejuddems colleagues to warn president trump not to interfere in the mueller investigation  do…
rt  csccancerpolicy  many anticancer medicines taken orally do not have an alternative that is injected or administered by iv  that s why w…
🇺🇸 uplifting  uscis naturalization ceremony in tampa to welcome new citizens from 18 different countries  your new…
approximately 36 percent of marijuana arrest victims in nyc  mostly black and latino  have no prior criminal record…
rt  reprokhanna  interference in our elections will not be tolerated  as a cosponsor of rep   benniegthompson s elections security act  i a…
earth day reminds us of the importance to preserve our planet  and to accomplish our shared goal of ensuring that e…
ok  mr  president  let me see if i follow  putin tells veselnitskaya to admit she was aiding the kremlin during her…
firing deputy fbi director andrew mccabe on a friday night is an attack on law enforcement staggering in both its c…
i m proud to represent one of the most diverse districts in the country  standing up for our environment includes e…
my heart is heavy  having served with  louiseslaughter on the rules committee  i knew her to be a tough-as-nails ro…
mahalo to the dedicated staff of the  keckobservatory &  cfhtelescope for taking the time to show us around and dis…
less than 10% of airline mechanics  flight engineers  repair personnel  and airline pilots are women  and with near…
protecting nevada s public lands is not just important for preserving our outdoor treasures  it s vital to maintain…
 bubbas316  cspanwj here s why it so hard  i am for common sense reforms that will benefit u s  workers  companie…
every day  dreamers are forced to live in fear of losing their futures here  in the only home they ve ever known …
inspired by all those who marched in support of science & facts on saturday  you can watch my speech from the…
happy easter to all those celebrating in the 2nd district and around the world 
dc students who receive  dctag  graduate at higher rates than their peers— dctag  students don t just go to college …
joining  maddow to talk about the newest ethics questions around jared kushner in a few 
as senate democrats move one step closer to forcing a vote to save the internet  i am proud to support similar…
with 5 days to go til a d h sshutdown  i ll be on the  edshow tonight to talk about the nationalsecurity consequences  tune in at 5pm est
rt  crsa_georgia  we are honored to share the stage today with leaders like  rephankjohnson  we re so appreciative of his support for our r…
 epaoig  tgowdysc  gopoversight lobbying disclosures recently revealed that scott pruitt himself met with that same…
rt  texastribune  texas allows people to renew their licenses online  but doesn t allow them to register to vote at the same time  advocate…
you have an extra day to file your taxes  the irs just announced the deadline to file has been extended to midnight…
 repmckinley  dig once  is the first in a series of bills i ll be introducing to expand broadband access in local c…
27 million americans rely on community health centers for primary care  i value c h cs and support extending their funding  fixthecliff
rt  nj_nonprofits  thanks  frankpallone for today s roundtable discussion on the new tax law with  nj  nonprofit leaders  thanks  childrens…
rt  powerrising18  black congresswomen   repyvetteclarke   repmarciafudge   repbeatty   reprobinkelly   replawrence  rep   staceyplaskett a…
happy to be with  ourocean today talking about the next generation of ocean leadership our ocean
rt  powerrising18   anger is an appropriate reaction to racist attitudes   — audre lorde
military-style assault weapons shouldn t be for sale in america and they certainly do not belong on our streets  it…
rt  hispaniccaucus  trump & republicans helping hispanics  ❌ terminated  daca  ❌ abandoned hispanic outreach for  aca  ❌ passed tax scam ❌ e…
rt  tim_cook  it was an honor to host the c b c tech2020 task force at apple park today for a conversation about diversity in tech  thank you…
calling all 30th district high school students  the 2018 congressional art competition is happening soon  click her…
today  i joined  dhsgov  icegov  laredochamber and local business owners to learn about the image program  employme…
right now  you can still apply to renew your daca  d r e a mers  if you meet the requirements to apply for  daca  renew…
rt  123hegg  my distinguished dinner companions  collinpeterson  paulmarquart getoutandvote
you can tune in to watch my net neutrality digital roundtable now 
in a library  you can ignite your imagination  satisfy your curiosity  and enrich your understanding of the world …
i m proud to see the strengthening protections for social security beneficiaries act pass the senate and head to th…
discussing infrastructure with illinois  aflcio building and trade delegates 
have you noticed a parallel between recent calls for gun safety reform by young people and the longtime calls for a…
rt  wbfo  buffalo police lt  craig lehner has been recognized in the nation s capital for peace officers memorial day 
pleased to see so many senators are cosponsoring  senmarkey legislation to save net neutrality  i will be introducin…
we are shocked and numb  how many more must die  our conscience must move us to action  it is time for the american…
  potus  sanctions announcement is a setback both for u s  international leadership and global stability  the…
thanks to world-changing scientific breakthroughs   15 5 million people in the us are cancer survivors—living with …
the goal of those of us in congress should *always* be to bridge the divides between our fellow citizens  our found…
by exposing these russian-created facebook advertisements  we hope to better protect legitimate political expressio…
rt  repjayapal  the strength and organizing power of students across this country will move us to a better future  it is an honor to contin…
last week at the  usaseanbusiness gala  i discussed u s  trade and exports with deputy  ustraderep jeffrey gerrish …
hawaii is home to many talented local artists & musicians that contribute so much to our culture  economy  and liv…
the clock is ticking for hundreds of thousands of  daca  recipients  congress must act immediately to pass the…
as national housing week of action comes to an end  let s remember that all people deserve access to clean  fair ho…
true economy recovery must see women s earning potential rise to equity w/ men  necessary for strong families  ask julia  ca26 
today is tax day  and under the g o p tax scam  the wealthiest in america will see thousands more in their pocket whil…
an infusion of 50 000 people could push haiti to an even higher level of instability  save t p s
grid reliability remains a major problem in puerto rico  i have called for new  natresources oversight hearings so…
go   teamusa  go  the entire maryland delegation is rooting for you at pyeong chang2018  🏅
rt  abc13houston  houston once again ranks among america s best places to live 
i am thrilled to have hampden county sheriff nick cocchi as my guest to the  sotu   sheriff cocchi has been out fron…
rt  kylegriffin1  maxine waters wants info from rod rosenstein on the status of the doj s probe into deutsche bank s  russian mirror tradin…
rt  replloyddoggett  since 2006  the average cost for a year of medication for someone with a chronic disease has more than doubled to over…
rt  repkclark  i will never forget watching as the  housegop celebrated passing trumpcare – a vote which caused families across the countr…
 pallone is calling out the fda for delaying a rule that will allow juul to stay on the market until 2022 without r…
rt  nowthisnews  no more moments of silence about the scourge of gun violence  no more deflecting fault to the mentally ill for these ma…
happy st  patrick s day to new jersey s 8th district 
great discussion at  wnytransit meeting about the need for investments in transit infrastructure  the future of rai…
tomorrow is election day  polls are open from 7am to 8pm  find your polling location here 
proud to stand w/  officialcbc to urge  thejusticedept to end systemic injustice & s t o pthe k i l l i n g watch live 
grateful to speak with members of the  myibat from across texas about the importance of community banks  and how we…
  emmanuelmacron   we have no planet b    i believe in building a better future for our children  which requires o…
today  i gathered with  nazarethlgp students for a prayer service to remember those who have been killed in school…
rt  hascdemocrats  letter   repadamsmith  senjackreed  repspeier  sengillibrand request details about dod transgender policy panel
these goals have widespread support across the country and across the aisle  congress must act now to put people ab…
rt  economicpolicy  thank you to  replloyddoggett  rosadelauro and all of our speakers for a great event on the trump tax  couldn t make it…
icymi  check our this story about ted petry  the last surviving witness of the first atom split  it s both a remind…
grateful to the  fairfaxdems for inviting me to join them tonight  i m proud to be in this fight with you 
rt  lvchamber  congratulations to  repjackyrosen on being awarded the spirit of enterprise award from  uschamber eggs and issues
rt  sbgc2c    repkihuen on  speakerryan retiring   i think this is also an indicator that we have a broken congress  he is third in line to…
this earth day  americans young and old are embracing our collective responsibility to preserve and protect our env…
just like the g o p tax scam and farm bill  republicans chose not to work with democrats to reauthorize  hea  in a bipa…
i ll join  thelastword with  lawrence o donnell tonight on  msnbc at 10 30pmet/9 30pmct  tune in at 9 30pm memphis…
we are in the midst of an epic struggle between democracy and authoritarianism  what side is the so-called presiden…
the hpsci gop report is nothing less than the greatest assault on the legislative independence of the house of repr…
rt  laurefabrega    biocomca president & ceo joe panetta presents  repcardenas with a bio innovator in biotechnology award for his great wo…
during my 24 years in the classroom  i learned never to underestimate the passion and resolve of our nation s young…
my heart goes out to the families of the marjory stoneham douglas high school and all of south florida  the tragedy…
this country should not be deporting veterans who put their lives on the line for our freedom  thank you to the vet…
the  gop  controls washington  and yet they fail to tackle major legislative issues while lurching from crisis to cr…
you may not have heard but the fate of south bay s beloved dodger stadium express bus was up in the air for a momen…
i appreciate the hard work and dedication from health professionals that help nearly 9 000 individuals living with…
rt  jorgeramosnews  if family reunification  or  chain migration  as trump likes to call it  is good enough for melania s family  why not f…
thanks to  provhealth for opening oregon s first inpatient psychiatric unit for kids at their willamette falls hosp…
big thanks to  kellyoubrejr  kevinlove &  demar_derozan for raising your voices to share your mentalhealth stories…
rt  marvineadams  eagle pride 
rt  sccounty  and monterey bay community power is officially on    
rt  newsweek  trump impeachment process is just getting started  says texas democrat who forced first vote
wait  so he s not the picture of perfect health  if not  realdonaldtrump then who    
today   housegop tried to get some cover for their deficit-exploding tax scam by voting on a so-called balanced bud…
rt  tribelaw  might as well say it  trump or his circle almost certainly signaled the companies  like at&t  novartis  and veckselberg s llc…
i brought together members of the new jersey delegation from both sides of the aisle to fight back against moocher…
today we honor the legacy of rev  dr  martin luther king  jr  and continue the fight to keep his dream alive …
more and more law enforcement officers are being shot in the line of duty  this is yet another reason to take real…
america is strongest when we invest in ourselves  our children  & our communities  it s time we do so once again …
rt  repmiketurner    nikiinthehouse & i are not certain that  deptofdefense s service branches are adequately identifying the source and ca…
my bill would offer tax credits to tech startups in research & development so that our small businesses can hire mo…
a estudiantes y familias interesadas en recibir ayuda financiera para estudios pueden solicitar el fafsa desde ya
ralph and team u s a are going for gold tonight at 8pm pst   usparalympics sledhockey
states across the country  most recently including maine  have taken steps to clarify what exactly goes into drug p…
i commend pope francis for calling for urgent action against climatechange  i hope my republican colleagues heed his message 
rt  pfanj_iaff  pfanj & iaff local reps from across nj hit the us capitol today bringing attention to the critical issues facing fire/ems p…
i ll be on  cnntonight later in the hour talking about what we can do to help prevent future russian interference in our elections 
si la junta  los líderes electos de pr  los acreedores de pr y los hombres y mujeres talentosos del sector privado trabajan juntos   
rt  ejdionne  looking forward to joining  eleanornorton and  arimelber on  thebeatwithari at 6 pm edt on  msnbc talking about the march for…
please stay alert and follow instructions from our civil defense agencies to keep you and your  ohana safe  you can…
ramadan kareem  to all who observe in virginia and around the world 
 mayoradler & i joined  atxdemveterans for their 1st meeting  creating a place where veterans  families  & supporte…
rt  chrisvanhollen  we should be making it easier for people with disabilities to lead independent lives  not harder   hr620  will turn back…
equal protection under the law belongs to everyone   snda  would protect students from discrimination in the classro…
rt  nrdems    repraulgrijalva in  sierra_magazine  u s  mining law was written in 1872  full of industry giveaways  taxpayers still fund a…
rt  bgalliance  the offshore wind jobs and opportunity act introduced by  nikiinthehouse  usrepkeating and  repraulgrijalva will help ameri…
that s going to change now  under the leadership of the powerful women of  dstinc1913 
new on langevin hits the rhode  i joined thousands of students  parents  teachers and activists at the rhode island s…
rt  whiphoyer  in feb 2016  i visited flint with  repdankildee   replawrence   repdebdingell   repcummings  &  repscottpeters to see the cr…
i posted a new photo to facebook
good luck tonight   goldenknights  stanley cup playoffs vegas born
the movement lost another precious and devoted leader  wyatt tee walker made a major contribution to the liberation…
the house is currently debating  hr38   a dangerous bill that undermines commonsense gun laws in states like califor…
rt  toddgillman    johncornyn pans texas lawsuit to end  daca    i honestly don t understand 
i ve always enjoyed chatting with father conroy around the house floor  put a hindu and a jesuit in an elevator and…
great speaking with  aapiusa today about my  gme  bill to address our nation s docshortage and how the president s…
yesterday  i was honored to meet with ambassador of argentina  h e  fernando oris de roa and us district judge  xav…
rt  s4_change  thank you  rideonteam26 for riding from sandy hook to dc and  repbonnie for continuing to support common sense gun legislati…
rt  repkclark  lead in the water at home *and* school is a dire situation we must protect children from  rt if you agree  dont forget flint…
the firing of deputy director mccabe is wrong - plain and simple 
this saturday  i m hosting my next caucus on black women & girls event  south suburban women in leadership  defying…
first class air travel is a waste of federal tax dollars  that s why i chose to ban it in my can act  read …
day 10 of womenshistorymonth -  speakerryan  when congress comes back on tuesday  you can do something to protect…
this  tax plan  is a  tax scam   speaking today on the g o p tax scam that gives big tax breaks to the most wealthy wh…
rt  christynroyce  🌊ready for the blue wave2018 🌊⁉️ i m supporting my friend  drdenagrayson s hubby  alangrayson - a person who will make…
rt  edworkforcedems   icymi  yesterday  ranking member  bobbyscott and committee members conducted site visits to maryland-based apprentice…
thanks so much for coming by 
rt  nydiavelazquez  don t forget - join me   repjeffries  repespaillat  legalaidnyc  thenyhc  cssnyorg today - at noon on city hall steps…
rt  aaronagulnek  capuano literally stood out on the street holding a sign that asked people their opinions  m asen
  17 4 billion  or 44 3 percent of the total — will go to roughly 200 000 americans making  1 million or more who c…
one of the biggest catastrophes of u s  withdrawal from the iran deal is isolation from the world stage 
rt  metrofocus  icymi  new york congresswoman  repgracemeng is here to explain why members of congress are furious about the census2020 ci…
lowey tax day press call at 10 am re salt deduction  contact my cd for call-in info 
always a pleasure to join  sruhle with  reptomreed 
it s official  big win for indy residents  infrastructure week
  asu s teacher quality partnership program keeps driven  talented teachers in our public schools and puts more ari…
so sad to hear of the passing of my friend and colleague  louise slaughter  we will always remember her commitment…
breaking news  one more week until the annual military family summit on 10/17 milfam
the investigations continue to pile up – epa s inspector general announces another investigation into…
in today s economy  internet access is a necessity for entrepreneurs  students  and families  unfortunately  too ma…
all americans deserve affordable and accessible health care regardless of their gender or sexual identity  this dec…
republicans have no ideas to improve our health care system  so  potus has turned to sabotaging the aca  americans …
america s farmers are rejecting republicans  partisan farm bill that fails to support economic opportunity for rura…
had a great time meeting with eighth grade students from canton middle school  who are in washington for their clas…
here s why i voted no on both the continuing resolution and disaster relief package 
in case you missed it  here s my full conversation on syria and other matters with  cspanwj this morning
 1/3  this morning  we were able to work together to reach a budget agreement — imperfect as it is — that includes…
thanks for coming by  great talking about how to best support the rfs 
it was an honor to visit naval station great lakes yesterday in north chicago and join in the new recruit graduatio…
 nathanplatt because that s what they do  they pretend to care about issues like children s health insurance  but i…
while me too headlines are usually dominated by famous men like harvey weinstein & matt lauer  sexual harassment ru…
  housegop announce plans for  cr  through march  there must be no partisan riders  on wall street reform  guns  etc no riders clean budget
hey   ca38  — february was a productive month  check out my monthly latest from linda newsletter to see what i worked…
my role is to support hi and the usa  we re looking for projects  i encourage you to inform us on how to support you  thinktechhi
rt  senbillnelson  had a good discussion tonight in haines city with  reprichmond and  repdarrensoto about amendment 4 on the november ball…
troubled by reports that speaker ryan may have fired the house chaplain because of a prayer he gave encouraging com…
rt  wamcnews    reppaultonko is in studio with  alanchartock recording congressional corner  says daca has not been satisfactorily addresse…
  epascottpruitt is taking yet another step to undermine epa s mission of protecting clean air and public health &…
i am deeply honored to have been recognized last night in my hometown of mercedes  texas for my 20 years of   
thank you   mwestramke  my staff and i are working hard to make this country a safer place for all of us …
i posted a new photo to facebook
the volunteers of the antioch police department make our community stronger  and we were proud to help honor their…
i am excited to support efforts to bring the 2026 fifa world cup to the u s   canada and mexico  great for tourism …
so many fond memories of spending time with my brothers and sisters on easter sunday  from our family to yours  happy easter 
six months ago  i asked former for-profit college official robert eitel if he had helped tear up rules to protect s…
thank you beverly nance  autismspeaks  for stopping by my district office  join me  volunteers and families all ove…
 tbt   great meetings this week in washington with constituents from  agsouthfc and  jdrfgeorgia 
rt  fscdems   in order to better equip us in our efforts to prevent & end homelessness in this country  i request that gao conduct a review…
let s celebrate the first 58 who voted to impeach trump yesterday  retweet now  first58
rt  repmcgovern  americans deserve a congress working to end gun violence and keep our families safe   housegop  rulesreps once again put  n…
thank you   ducksunlimited delaware and  agriculturede secretary scuse for stopping by my office to chat about your…
voting for the congressional art competition has begun  make sure to cast your vote  because one local artist will…
what an amazing afternoon in lordstown  ohio  i bet more than half the village was here supporting tjx to come to o…
rt  repkarenbass  four years later  flint families are still using filters and bottled water  this crisis is not an anomaly  in the richest…
the billionaires first tax plan eliminates the deduction for interest on student loans
i have been working to prevent gun violence for twenty years  this has to stop  see my statement 
rt  officialcbc  we send our thoughts and prayers to linda brown s loved ones  may she rest in power  the struggle to end  separate but equ…
from advocating for gender equality to dissenting when our rights are being ignored  supreme court justice ruth bad…
it s not every day that someone gets a perfect score on the act  a special shout out to  nv03  constituent dante car…
norm was a great democrat and even better person  my sympathy to you and your family
 alyssa_milano  marcorubio  senbillnelson this is exactly why i will be voting against trumpcare  thank you for sharing your story  terry 
19 yrs ago  13 people were killed during the columbine shooting  which was the deadliest high school shooting at t…
rt  houseadm_dems    repbrady   there will be a fair and honest election… 
while this is a temporary win for d r e a mers  the existential anxiety for the nearly 700k young ppl doesn t end here…
rt  nws_baltwash  severe weather threat continues dc-charlottesville to the southeast  damaging winds and large hail still a concern for th…
san diegans have an extra day to file and pay their taxes after the irs has a system outage this morning  visit the…
since the 1st earth day in 1970  we have taken tremendous strides to improve & protect the quality of our air  eart…
on april 14  2014  276 schoolgirls were abducted by boko haram in nigeria  four years later  112 of the…
it remains to be determined whether russian funds funneled to michael cohen is another instance of russian help for…
this is a heartbreaking example of the cruelty that is trump s muslim bam  the  statedept needs to let shaima get…
the  mlk  50th anniversary commemoration is a week for hope but also truth-we haven t realized the goals of…
 icymi   the wh finally took action and implemented sanctions as a result of russia s effort to interfere in the 201…
rt  jwaggo  great talk about the realities of federal legislation by  repzoelofgren at sw santa clara valley league of women voters
it s water over the dam here in ct  cool tour of the mianus river fishladder  alewifelife
2017 is winding down  but many issues on the national agenda are gaining steam  as this year comes to a close  i wa…
right now  you can still apply to renew your daca  if you meet the requirements to apply for  daca  renewal  you sho…
thanks  melmcintire and  rollcall for a good discussion of how this country can achieve quality  affordable health…
the g o p tax scam has one purpose  to benefit the 1%  tomorrow at 7 30pm  learn how the tax bill impacts district 9 …
my full statement on the government shutdown 
i wanted to share this editorial cartoon from matt wuerker of politico  history certainly does seem to be repeating…
rt  senduckworth  i may have to vote today  so maile s outfit is prepped  i made sure she has a jacket so she doesn t violate the senate fl…
my bipartisan student athlete-stop addition strategy will help protect student athletes from the opioid crisis  whi…
rt  repcohen  the rule of law is as american as baseball  don t let presidents put selves  families or members of their administrations &ca…
dr  mike vasilomanolakis saw what happened when community hospital in long beach was closed in 2000  patients suffered and some died 
public comment is a responsibility federal agencies have to the public when making critical land management decisio…
rt  sentoddyoung  very grateful  secelainechao spent the day in south bend learning about the south shore line w/  govholcomb   repwalorski…
  anahdztx and  repwalle made a surprise visit in my dc office today  it was great to see y all both and catch up o…
i echo my house and senate colleagues who have said facebook and other similar platforms may no longer be able to r…
rt  waysmeanscmte  in the first three months of 2018  companies have spent  158 billion rewarding wealthy investors with stock buybacks   …
icymi  video of my floor remarks on prepare act  proud to say my bipartisan plan passed the full house on friday …
 capitalweather go bolts ⚡️⚡️⚡️  tblightning ⚡️⚡️⚡️
i m proud to stand alongside teachers and educators to make sure our children and our communities receive the suppo…
in california  women make 88 cents for every  1 a man makes  in my district that means  a woman will earn  32 279 a…
 the opposite of love is not hate  it s indifference  -elie wiesel  on holocaust remembrance day we must recommit ou…
congratulations to our winners of the  congressionalac  nick zana  fuad youssef  peter wang  and henry friedlander…
americans deserve answers from facebook  who they trusted with their personal data  today  they ll have to prove th…
rt  repgutierrez  proud of my f grade from  nra  and wear it with great joy  i will run home to show my mom this grade  when i think of the…
 advocatechic  repstephmurphy i m listening  and i m with you  i will continue to support medical research to find…
had a great meeting this morning with the good folks from  thirteenwnet  public broadcasting is a critical part of…
we must invest in our schools and in our teachers so every child has the opportunity to live the american dream  to…
the eitc benefit is for working people with low to moderate income and can increase your tax return by more than  6 000💰
will be on  cspanwj to discuss n korea and take your calls 
we incarcerate more people in america than any other country in the world  that s shameful  it s time we…
it was wonderful to meet these inspiring students from berkley this morning  they are here demanding gun reform now 
the cbo s new forecast showing trillion-dollar deficits under the gop tax plan   large increases in military spendi…
great to celebrate the student winners from the annual  il05  congressional art competition at the  nvamchicago  th…
slavery is a crime against humanity  period  joining my colleagues today in introducing a resolution explicitly con…
rt  _sklarface_  at  splbuzz for the  repjayapal town hall  she says   it s my job to listen to you and get back to you with as much inform…
today is the 8th anniversary of the affordable care act   aca    which has made insurance meaningful by guaranteeing…
we should be working together to come up with a tax plan that benefits the middle class and hard working families …
the search warrant for michael cohen s office was sought by a us attorney appointed by the president and approved b…
need more info on i am an overcomer  please see below  and click the link to rsvp  womens history month…
rt  seec  the water resources development act presents an opportunity to build sustainable infrastructure  today  seec called on infrastruc…
mahalo to kristen brengel from  npca for the invitation to speak to advocates for reducing our  natlparkservice s m…
rt  thebeatwithari  lightening round   repjoekennedy reveals  old kanye  is on his workout mix and he  begrudgingly  admits paul ryan is  i…
i would hope  speakerryan agrees that we were sent to washington to make lives better for all americans–not just a…
from the people of puerto rico and myself  our condolences to family and friends of  repmarktakai
rt  gbhjoe    repjoekennedy tells me  facebook ceo mark zuckerberg still must answer   who is able to take advantage of [user] data  and ho…
rt  replloyddoggett  since 2006  the average cost for a year of medication for someone with a chronic disease has more than doubled to over…
rep  cicilline   senwhitehouse & rep   jimlangevin speak out against gop plan to use the deficit as an excuse to gu…
do you receive my newsletter  sign up here for updates on the work that i am doing in congress on behalf of  ca20 
rt  mnfarmbureau  mfbf is proud to award congressman  collinpeterson the 2014 friend of farm bureau award 
there is no planet b & climate solutions must come from both public & private sectors  great to see  ups investing…
texas schools need better textbooks & history lessons  apparently  cesar chavez is a hero to millions  he repeated…
rt  ewstephe  epa  white house sought to block publication of a study on a nationwide water-contamination crisis  saying it would be a  pub…
3yrs ago  the world lost a true leader  nelson mandela gave more than required  and we must continue his legacy of…
rt  oversightdems  the reverend martin luther king  jr  once quoted a statement that said   a time comes when silence is betrayal   if we r…
my voice at huntington march for our lives didn t matter  it was there voices that did 
to the brave students taking a stand for change on national walkout day  we hear you  we see you  and we re joining…
rt  demsespanol  mayo es el mes de la apreciación militar  un momento para honrar a todos aquellos que con valentía prestan servicio a nues…
rt  wforcesnohomish  dan parker from  boeing discussing core plus high school curriculum for manufacturing at regional cte meeting this mor…
the submission deadline for the 2018 congressional art competition is one week from today  full info below 
this whole thing stinks   last time i checked  the white house did not have a for sale sign on it  shameful…
for too long  unfair trade practices have shuttered steel plants in michigan & across the country  i ve said i d w…
it s teacher appreciation week  thank you to all the teachers in northwest washington and across the country for you…
no president should have the power to launch attacks on any nation without first receiving authorization from congr…
rt  alaskawild  thank you  repraulgrijalva  senatorcantwell  rephuffman  senjeffmerkley for leading a democratic letter to  secretaryzinke…
i posted a new photo to facebook
 scottdetrow 32 000  i will take the over 
open enrollment is shorter this year than in the past – 11/01 to 12/15  don t miss your chance to get covered   aca 
nowhere other than the united states of america faces the repeated epidemic of mass shootings  especially in our sc…
i deeply regret that this revised order remains fundamentally inconsistent with our country s value of inclusivity 
rt  repdonaldpayne  yesterday   repsires and i wrote to  govmurphy   urging him to replace outdated pre-2007 diesel trucks at the port newa…
rt  momsrising  yes you are  -&gt   repbarbaralee   i am a mom rising for  snap    hands off s n a p
rt  housejuddems  🆕  repjerrynadler & rep   benniegthompson  new  dhsgov/ thejusticedept terrorism report is misleading & perpetuates  real…
rt  ucsusa  even though robust science shows that cleanercars standards are achievable and cost effective   epascottpruitt just announced…
graham cassidy is the worst version of trumpcare yet  sky-high premiums  guts pre-existing condition protections  & worst cuts to medicaid 
when i meet with san diegans  a common question is  what s going to happen to dreamers   republicans & democrats ag…
rt  houseradiotv  special event   reploisfrankel   susanwbrooks   other members of the bipartisan women s caucus host hearing on sexual har…
   who overtly utilizes ethnicity  color  or creed to discriminate against innocent immigrants 
my staff wearing purple today to raise awareness of world pancreatic cancer day 
now being reported that osu attacker s  used car & knife  still devastating for all involved & best wishes for full…
rt  jengranholm    repsandylevin leading the fight against the trump tax scam  michigandems  miaflcio  thedemocrats…
veterans  lives are literally hanging in the balance  we need a qualified individual with integrity at the helm of…
those willing to protect & defend our country are american heroes  regardless of gender identity  i am pleased to s…
rt  repjohnyarmuth  live  president trump s omb director is testifying before the house budget committee right now  watch here 
the g o p tax scam makes it harder for americans to pay for medical expenses  go to college  and buy a home  this bill…
so glad hector is coming home  but too many more veterans are still waiting to return to the country they served  m…
rt  chmnmendelson  congress is not running the district and that s fortunate  but they should also keep their hands off d c when it comes to…
it s friday afternoon  the usual goat rodeo  so can we please talk about bacon pancakes  yes we can 
  betsydevosed is supposed to protect our students & make sure they have the safe school environment required by l…
our community health centers have a long record of success in fostering wellness and addressing the most pressing h…
the future of the internet is at stake in our fight against the  fcc s repeal of net neutrality  but there s good n…
rt  housejuddems  although the oral argument in trumpv hawaii was not televised  the court did at least make the audio recording and transc…
i am so pleased that the executive council voted unanimously today to hang a portrait of dudley in the statehouse s…
by sharing threat-related information   dhsgov can help law enforcement increase awareness of and quickly identify…
50 yrs ago today at riverside church  i watched dr  martin luther king  jr  give one of the most powerful speeches against the vietnam war 
epa administrator scott pruitt is more interested in taxpayer-funded first-class flights and illegal gifts from ene…
today marks one year since the  housegop forced a vote on trumpcare  a plan that would have ripped away healthcare…
the disproportionate power of moneyed interests to influence public policy & election outcomes is deeply concerning…
honored to meet with ambassador manuel alfredo espina   embaguateusa to discuss the fight against drug trafficking …
rt  rsi  we support  repcartwright and  replancenj7 s prepare act  a commonsense bill that would save lives and taxpayer dollars 
it has been six months since the president ended  daca  & put young people s lives in limbo  he keeps saying we must…
this is deeply concerning  it is irresponsible to use the guise of efficiency in order to weaken scientific researc…
mark your calendars for saturday  may 19 at time   oceana and our partners will join hands across the sand against di…
save the census
stopand frisk is wrong and unconstitutional  period 
rt  jmurguia_unidos  what a thrill to have hosted our first capital awards as unidosus on our 50th anniversary  from our wonderful honorees…
rt  delaware_dhss  drop off your expired  unnecessary or unwanted medications at 24 collection sites across delaware until 2 pm today  net…
if they want to fix our nation s growing deficits  they could easily find the money by eliminating outrageous tax b…
arbitrarily discharging transgender troops solely because of their gender identity is hateful and unpatriotic  trans ban
for ten years   ryanforrecovery struggled with an addiction to heroin  on thursday  he testified before congress 
proud to shop small in new hampshire  especially today  small business saturday  supporting local entrepreneurs = s…
repudio todo acto de terrorismo y me uno en solidaridad al pueblo francés  mis oraciones para las víctimas del ataque en niza  pray for nice
i will fight every single attempt to turn a deaf ear  a blind eye  and a cold shoulder to the sick  to our seniors  and to working families 
america is the richest country in the world  but our fellow citizens in flint are still forced to wait in water li…
honored to deliver the john d  greenwald memorial lecture and keynote address at this morning s 2018 intl trade upd…
never before in us history has a congress & admin offered a health care reform bill that instead of ↓ uninsured rate ↑ it  trumpcare
the g o p tax scam heaps 65% of tax breaks on the top 5% of california earners  it is clear the middle class is not re…
nuclear war must never happen  diplomacy must prevail  sotu
50 yrs ago our nation lost a hero  but his legacy still lives on  dr  king left us with many inspiring lessons but…
i believe that user data belongs to the consumer  not the provider  and should not be sold for profit by isps or telecoms  broadbandprivacy
rt  rachelalz  thank you  repeliotengel for your leadership on  pcheta    endalz 
president trump has proposed vast research downgrades including a 72% cut to federal clean energy research  science matters
as we take pride in their accomplishments  we must also recommit ourselves to fighting the alarming increase of ant…
rt  rosadelauro  the ideas democrats are pushing for aren t controversial  we should be helping our veterans  we should be fighting the opi…
we cannot forget this dark chapter of human history  and we must fight against discrimination & hatred to make sure…
mahalo  senator  donovandelacruz and representative sylvia luke for supporting the rain and flood recovery efforts…
more bad news from the republican tax package  healthcare companies are getting a windfall  but it isn t getting pa…
 seahawks  shaquemgriffin excited for this young man — and for the seahawks 
i ve introduced a bill along with  repjohnkatko to try and prevent opioid abuse  we must tackle this growing epidem…
can t help but feel inspired  what an incredible outpouring of support for community solutions for homelessness …
new yorkers  there are less than 10 days left before the end of the openenrollment period under the  aca   be sure…
rt  repjayapal  the constitution won   potus lost  rt if you stand with all americans  no matter their race or religion  fightingfor all
a2  just last month  the trump administration indicated that it would move to end the ability of immigrant women wh…
read about our recent academy day event at  winterparkhs  where i brought together reps from our u s  service acade…
rt  newday  rep  karen bass responds to trump tweeting about her colleague rep  adam schiff  calling him  little adam schiff  who is desper…
rt  nafisschools   replipinski we appreciate your support of the impact aid program 
according to the nonpartisan  uscbo  americans earning less than  75 000 would be worse off under the g o p tax scam b…
rep  cicilline speaks with seniors at bristol senior center
congrats to the new citizens being sworn in today in indy  always a historic ceremony 
rt  energycommerce  news  e&c dem leaders request  epascottpruitt be sworn in under oath in the committee s epa hearing next week  legal vi…
rt  coconinonf  coconino county sheriff s office is allowing evacuated residents to return to their property today    see here for the stag…
coming up in 1hr  9 30  in dc  watch  tothecontrary convo on trump cabinet & immigration/refugees  online   …
rt  alalibrary  thank you for celebrating national library week with us   repstephmurphy  and for your work to fund libraries in florida  cc…
dni coats  frankly  the united states is under attack     by entities that are using cyber to penetrate virtually…
standing w/ my colleagues in the  housenewdems in calling for the launch of a new infrastructure bank 
tomorrow is the first day of the open enrollment period  visit and get covered 
rt  thedemocrats  these kids could suffer lasting psychological trauma from being physically taken away from their parents  a heartless new…
the  uscensusbureau is hosting free webinars every wednesday at 2 00 pm edt for world trade month  these informativ…
it was great to speak at the seminole county south rotary club event to honor students in the rising achievers prog…
saddened to hear about barbara bush s passing  she was someone i always admired and respected - a strong  gracious …
today our office celebrated my legislative director chris and his wife kristina  who are blessed to soon be new par…
every time i go to ward leonard  i am more & more impressed with the work they are doing  ensuring places like ward…
idea students welcome congressman with grand parade via  monitornews
 1  the federal government has been in paralysis on immigration reform for years  when the federal government fails…
  realdonaldtrump has made 3 001 false or misleading claims since becoming potus  but whos counting
happy national small business week to more than 22 000 small biz in ventura county that are backbone of economy/commu…
today  i proudly donated the remainder to the adsum foundation  which provides college scholarships to daca recipie…
rt  usnavy  on this vietnam war veterans day  we join our nation in honoring our vietnam war veterans  just as those who came before them and…
net neutrality is crucial to ensuring small businesses continue to be the laboratories for new ideas & job creation…
thank you dundee pharmacy for inviting me to visit and learn more about the challenges and opportunities facing ind…
rt  repwilson    replawrence  we will not stop until all of the chibok girls are home 
rt  thebeatdc  congressman raja krishnamoorthi   congressmanraja  and senator cory booker   senbooker  want to lower the barriers to voting…
alongside  repebj  it was my privilege to join  wfsdallas president laurie bouillion larrea and visionary partners…
my new bill would create jobs at tech startups by providing tax credits to small businesses that hire workers in re…
rt  naral   don t wait for instructions  don t wait for the perfect opportunity  most of all  don t wait for somebody to ask you to do some…
undoing dodd-frank helps the big banks at the expense of working people 
now that republicans are in charge  they ve produced trillion dollar deficits as far as the eye can see  they can t…
happy international womens day to all of the women around the world  i would like to recognize mississippi s own ida…
  repalgreen says  we must  bbog  and never let this happen again 
to all of the students participating in national walkout day on long island & across the country  thank you  not one…
as my colleagues and i said  the rooney rule should be the floor -- the most minimal requirement -- for a company l…
el éxito requerirá mucho trabajo y sacrificio  pero vale la pena 
rt  ladepthealth   reprichmond  nwlc  aarplouisiana  nationalcouncil for those pushed into priv mkt from medicaid due to pcc cuts & expansi…
rt  owhnews  veterans day 2016  restaurants offer free meals  special discounts to area veterans  military members
lowey to mulvaney  we still haven t fully met our obligations to areas recovering from natural disasters  are tax…
the  nbrc_team has been an important economic development tool in rural nh   peterwelch  claudiatenney…
met w/ ann arbor s  faacsimulators about their work to develop immersive training simulators to improve law enforce…
happy earth day ~ it is time for congress to finally make environmental protection a priority 
these young leaders have inspired a national movement against gun violence – one that republicans in congress must…
so much for  draining the swamp   this is why i introduced the we the people act to put the interests of voters ahe…
i m calling on  senfeinstein  senkamalaharris to block all  thejusticedept nominations until agsessions reinstates…
macron is encouraging us to do something smart  keep iran from getting a nuke  trump has called for the iran deal t…
national park week is here  check out parks to explore in pa  where will you go  find your park
happy teacher appreciation day to all of the chicago teachers that educate & empower our nation s next generation…
for 51 years today  medicare & medicaid have provided a critical safety net for those most vulnerable  we must protect these programs 
it s unconscionable that  potus  continues to drag his feet & it begs the question  how far will he go to protect putin 
read & rt my  nytimes piece  students  march  but in the right direction 
a pez dispenser that foams at the mouth 
the  armywarcollege imparts one of the finest educations in the world  its graduates go on to lead nations across t…
rt  chesapeakupsers   ups christiana package delivery driver eva hall does a safely pre-trip with congresswoman lisa rochester blunt befor…
tune in 📺 to  sbgc2c  news3lv for my interview on the yucca mountain project and my testimony today before…
rt  nancypelosi  today  we announce an ambitious new addition to our plan to give america a better deal 
today i introduced the acre act w/ rep  billy long to help protect farmers  ranchers  & dairy producers from the…
let s be clear with what the gop is trying to accomplish with the farm bill  they are cutting  20 billion from snap…
today  i visited new horizons co-op preschool to celebrate co-ops  highlight their critical role in boulder & read…
when women make history  america moves forward  congratulations   repmarcykaptur on becoming the longest-serving wo…
the firing of fbi director james comey reminds me of another dark period in america s history 
rt  benandjerrys  the rules of free cone day are simple  you show up  you get a free cone  find a scoop shop 
polluting pruitt s time at epa has been mired with secrecy  waste of taxpayer  s and widespread conflicts of intere…
trump s ban is bad for the military and bad for our country  i stand with staff sergeant catherine schmid…
 america cannot afford for mass shootings and massacres with assault weapons to become the new normal  this is not…
instead of a president who goes to china and praises them for  leaving america behind   i want to work with a presi…
rt  montserratvpeda    replloyddoggett  edaustin_tx proud to support  workersdefense grassroots organizing work  w d p change makers2016
rt  soundtransitceo  pleased to be in dc w/  soundtransit boardmember  mayorbackus as  repdennyheck   douggrichardson & dep  asst  sec  of…
congrats to  uibaseball on winning their first ever big 10 baseball tournament 
  replawrence - always happy to promote a great chicago product  even if it means losing a friendly wager  hope yo…
congratulations to  asu juniors humza zubair and meilin zhu for winning the goldwater scholarship  the most prestig…
at trimet operations hq   the bullpen   where drivers start their day  helping trimet move the community  everyone…
proud of my youth advisory council for hosting a youth summit in boulder  discussing topics critical to the u s 
  realdonaldtrump is at the nra convention today to empower the dangerous gun lobby that puts our families and comm…
tackling the opioid crisis means working together  sharing best practices  and learning from our mutual challenges …
the gop is set on ripping away our nation s most effective safety net programs that help families afford food  hous…
the little skit we taped in my office matches the seriousness and gravitas that should be afforded to the chairman…
today is national rural health day  thank you to all of the doctors  nurses and healthcare providers that help keep…
  globeopinion on our bipartisan bill to improve reporting of dv records to federal background check databases   an…
the g o p tax scam bill will encourage companies to ship jobs overseas  raise health insurance premiums  and saddle the…
florida s ports are key economic engines that create jobs  jobs  jobs 
more scrutiny is needed of  epascottpruitt s costly travel and security detail  we need proper oversight and real a…
scott pruitt  doesn t take responsibility  he just  denies everything  and republicans  give him a pass  …
rt  rgvpartnership  the partnership worked w offices  repfilemonvela &  lrgvdc_cog to host forum  manufacturing on the us-mexico border  ht…
today   realdonaldtrump dismantled a landmark achievement in u s  diplomacy & weakened our relationships w/ global…
we must continue to move our economic recovery forward  but tea party do nothing congress has done nothing but obstruct progress   ca26 
polluting pruitt should have been fired months ago  his record of corruption and scandal is a stain on our governme…
170 000 americans have been killed by gun violence in the past 5 years  yet republicans continue to block every sin…
if you live in hawaii s 2nd congressional district & can t get an answer from a federal agency in a timely fashion…
the me too movement is about creating a safe environment for victims to come forward  establishing accountability …
strategic rivals utilize propaganda  information warfare  and cyber operations to undermine democracy & u s  leader…
mr  president  if you took the time to talk to americans all across the country instead of just your golf buddies a…
hi   nickseesyou  the honor flight central coast is a wonderful non-profit organization that honors our veterans by…
rt  gwmacgillivray    reprubengallego wrangling a littlelawmaker while voting in the  fy19ndaa  mark up 
rt  kristynhyland  u s  needs sharper focus on artificial intelligence policy  says  repjohndelaney via  bloombergl…
studies show maryland would lose 35 000  jobs if the us withdraws from  nafta    sotu  state of the union
rt  chetindurak  thank you delegate  staceyplaskett for shedding light on the true devastation of hurricane irma & hurricane maria  usvirgi…
rt  sarahhayden_da   repcheri it was a pleasure to speak with patriece gabryshak  these are the types of stories i love telling  thank you…
last year  the bipartisan leadership of the house intel committee made a promise to the american people to publicly…
this reckless decision to ignore science is scott pruitt s hallmark and i wish he would base his decision on expert…
we have a moral obligation so that no one is left out or left behind 
to kick off national park week  all national parks will have free entrance today  enjoy the beautiful land in washi…
 alivelshi please let  realdonaldtrump know that the virgin islands has a governor and not a president  smh
the president s decision to publicly release a misleading memo attacking doj & fbi is a transparent attempt to disc…
president trump s decision to withdraw from the iran deal – despite his aides  and the international community s re…
the us-israel security assistance authorization act codifies the 2016 us-israel memorandum of understanding that pr…
rt  sallyqyates  make no mistake about what s at stake here  firing rosenstein would be the same unconscionable assault on the rule of law…
honored to be able to participate in the ribbon-cutting ceremony for the new couple and family therapy center…
rt  csulbnewshub  thank you  repbarragan for supporting higher education and meeting with  presconoley  csulbasigov president joe nino and…
took part in the open house at san jerardo migrant and seasonal head start today  this program provides childcare r…
today s the day  join me at the g a13 health fair at 9am at mundy s mill hs  bring your family  bring a veteran  let s stay healthy together 
farewell to an npr legend who was the voice of so many mornings  and answering machine messages  thank you  carl ka…
 contrast that with the fact that today s hearing comes just months after the gop passed a  1 5 trillion tax cut th…
icymi  my op-ed on my bill that designates dr  martin luther king jr  park in indy as a national commemorative sit…
watch the livestream here 
we cannot let  secretaryzinke reverse the 2016 methane waste prevention rule -- a smart regulation that benefits pu…
congratulations to the  cityminneapolis for making a commitment to 100% renewable energy community-wide by 2030  no…
although the military has made progress over the years in confronting this egregious crime  the sad reality is we c…
i m going on  cnn  theleadcnn with congressman peter king at 4 30pm this afternoon to talk about the need for congr…
i just sent a letter to rep  daniel donovan  requesting a homeland security subcommittee field hearing in new jerse…
rt  dalailama  compassion is of little value if it just remains an idea  it must motivate how we respond to others and be reflected in all…
i m proud to co-sponsor the paycheck fairness act to help close the gender pay gap and strengthen the 1963 equal pay act  equal pay day
i oppose drilling off the atlantic  there are smarter  safer ways to achieve energy independence and i plan to figh…
honored to be recognized as the most bipartisan freshman democrat in the 115th congress  especially on the day the…
rt  andrewkimmel    repmaxinewaters   it is important for the president of the united states to provide the leadership to say that  we re n…
rt  nancypelosi  one year after the  housegop rammed through trumpcare  we remain thankful to all who helped defeat this monstrous proposa…
great to attend the coastal quilters guild show & see my favorite sb quilt  which spent many years in my dc office 
i m very grateful for h e b  s steadfast support for our efforts to raise awareness and inspire students to   
now he s implying immigrants are disproportionately engaged in violent crime  that is false  alternative facts  sotu 
thanks  ppfa   ppnyc &  pphp for visiting my dc office to talk about issues facing planned parenthood patients in…
enfrentamos temas difíciles en el congreso federal  está noche pero estamos informados de la serie del caribe por…
this is truly absurd  42 million americans owe roughly  1 4 trillion in federal student debt  and secretary devos i…
my thoughts are with the loved ones of the members of the 156th airlift wing of the puerto rico air national guard…
rt  norfoxchem  thank you  reproybalallard for meeting with us today at your washington dc office  we appreciate your continued support fo…
the scene of violence and death in gaza today is appalling  i urge restraint and the pursuit of peace 
thank you to all who stood up for justice & equality
tulsi has supported section 8 housing  housing for the elderly  native hawaiian housing block grant and loan progra…
rt  sxmprogress  icymi   reptedlieu /  tedlieu slammed scott pruitt s corruption as just being a part of the pattern that we see in the tr…
i am proud of my former intern genesis flores for sharing her story on how she enjoyed being a student at utrgv   
this morning   senwarren and i went on  morning_joe to discuss our new c a r e act and taking on the opioid epidemic …
     5 2 billion for child care and development block grants  which is a  2 37 billion increase over 2017 funding 
rt  kirklandreport    repdelbene hosts housing roundtable in kirkland 
this morning  i spoke on the house floor about my concerns with the 2018 farm bill and the importance of democrats…
april is autismawareness month – a time to celebrate the millions of individuals living with autism across the gl…
michigan senate voting today on a bill without knowing its full consequences on the health of michiganders was a mi…
let s keep supporting women & girls who inspire us every day with their smarts  strength  & perseverance in the fac…
 veganquesohead  if you want to contact my office  we can see if we can try to help  please call  303  274-7944 and ask for jeremy  thanks 
rt  nytimes  ida b  wells 1862-1931  somebody must show that the afro-american race is more sinned against than sinning  and it seems to h…
please keep cole and his family in your thoughts and prayers  cole was a loving son  brother  and nephew  he brough…
rt  reppaultonko  as my friend & colleague maine representative  chelliepingree puts it   work requirements will do nothing but snatch away…
in the six long months it took to control the spill  5 million barrels of crude oil was dumped into the gulf of mex…
rep  tulsi gabbard strongly supports net neutrality & legislation that would prohibit multi-tiered pricing agreemen…
join me this evening for a telephone town hall  to join  rsvp below or just answer my phone call at 7 00 p m  if…
i was 15 when  cubs last advanced to world series in 1945  good luck to the beautifully diverse & ecstatic team now…
proud to announce a  1 million grant from  usdot has been awarded to or to help repair roads damaged by wildfire 
her commitment to our country was only deepened by her dedication to closing the education gap & empowering familie…
i m joining  cnnsitroom  wolfblitzer at 6 pm et to talk about the mueller investigation  dowd s resignation  the omnibus & more  tune in 
i am encouraged by yesterday s decision to block the deportation of 51 of our indonesian immigrant neighbors  and p…
  realdonaldtrump is one  foxnews segment away from another saturday night massacre  that s why the senate cmte s…
great news for honorably discharged veterans not receiving retirement benefits or va healthcare -- applications ar…
rt  espn  at the buzzer  notre dame takes the 2018 national championship 😱
rt  netimesofficial  u s  rep  brendan boyle introduced legislation that would require infrastructure projects to use american made materia…
when we came within hearing distance  a trooper identified himself and said   i m major john cloud of the alabama s…
rt  jstreetu    janschakowsky starts off by lifting up the work that young people are doing to lead on the issue of human rights  we are t…
rt  miguel_romero_  gracias al congresista de california  repcardenas por haberme recibido para discutir alternativas a nivel congressional…
rt  awionline  many thanks to 52 co-signers and to  rephuffman   repdonyoung   repryancostello   usrepkeating   congbillposey for leading a…
this will help more veterans break the cycle of homelessness  support themselves and their families  and get back o…
rt  energycommerce  polluting pruitt s serious ethical lapses continue to pile up  the  usgao concluded epa broke the law in constructing p…
i support prohibiting the president from having any way to get at the special prosecutor  mueller needs to be able…
tax cuts don t pay for themselves  so how does  housegop want to pay for the g o p tax scam  by slashing medicaid  med…
rt  kristindavis  it was an honor to meet with the powerhouse  housedemwomen about the rohingya  refugees   thank you for your tireless wor…
the  black panther  film boosted the georgia state economy by almost  90 million  good for the state  good for dive…
today  i m introducing the m o m m aact  a bill to address the shocking fact that 700 american mothers die each and ev…
immigrants are who make this country great  our democratic principles are what make this country great  and fortuna…
no student should walk into their school afraid to be their true selves because of government sponsored discriminat…
i d prefer to focus on issues such as jobs  infrastructure  housing or the environment but the values of this natio…
rt  raveninak   drdenagrayson  alangrayson ✅ donated  happy birthday mr grayson and i ve adopted a positive mental attitude because soon we…
rt  equalityill  thnx  janschakowsky  congressmanraja  repbobbyrush  repdannydavis  repbillfoster  repgutierrez for co-signing letter this…
rt  whiphoyer  enjoyed running into  redsox legend  davidortiz in the capitol today with my friend  repespaillat   usrepmikedoyle  i m wor…
rt  paigebbrewer   it doesn t matter where you re from  you can help each other    flexprogram student behruz from tajikistan explains the…
schools are safe places for all students  yet 1 in 3 lgbtq students have missed a day of school because they felt u…
i will continue to stand up for dreamers and fight for a vote on legislation to protect them  because they are part…
i m so inspired by  chessy_prout s courage & willingness to tell her story & let other survivors of sexual violence…
thrilled to see tampa leaders in cuba engagement and arts in dc  kencen artesde cuba  tampamuseumart 🌴💃🏻🎻🌎
today i m thinking about the late march fung eu  ca s first female secretary of state  who was born just two years…
my offices in new york and d c  are up and running during the shutdown  if you have questions  call us any time  he…
an  f  from the  nra is the only failing grade i ve ever proudly received  i ll maintain my rating by fighting th…
rt  repadamschiff  it s hard to escape the disquieting conclusion that the mass exodus of the  adults  from this administration is putting…
will be on with  wolfblitzer to discuss today s headlines including pruitt  n korea 
ag sessions and  realdonaldtrump cannot continue to disrespect  ca   i am proud to join  senkamalaharris…
w/o social security poverty rates for black & latino seniors would triple  thx for 80 yrs of earned retirement security  social security80
are you a young person interested in attending a u s  military service academy after graduation  learn more about t…
rt  reptedlieu  trump s personal cell phone usage could be a national security threat  together w/  reprubengallego we sent a letter to the…
it s a full moon and donald trump will be howling at it  sotu   mynews13
let s go pats  not done yet blitzfor six
this international womens day  let us celebrate the many contributions women have made throughout history and recomm…
thank you to all in our san joaquin valley & across the nation who have been working to end this violence & help su…
potus s decision to fire remaining members of the hiv/aids council sends a concerning message  we should be advanci…
rt  tballiance  we are honored to support tuberculosis survivors as they advocate on capitol hill for the fight against tb  thanks to ever…
i am hopeful that  once finished  the newly designed va facility will turn omaha into a center of excellence for ou…
happy military appreciation month  you can honor an  az09  veteran by flying a flag over the capitol  learn more 
social media companies need to do more to counter fake news and violent hate speech online  i told sheryl sandberg…
glad to have you on board  project register tn
every year  more than 200 000 children enter the foster care system  this may during national foster care month  we…
rt  housejuddems  read ranking member  repjerrynadler s entire statement on the music modernization act 
2017 was the most expensive year on record for u s  weather disasters  but fema eliminated any reference to climate…
latinas in resistence across borders with  witnessforpeace  singer activist karla lara  performing to bring attenti…
today i joined  cbpsouthtexas  cityoflaredotx  mayorpetesaenz  and the mayor of nuevo laredo enrique rivas cuellar …
rt  foodbankcenc  thank you  repdavideprice and  repadams for discussing food security & nutrition with triangle community leaders today -…
6 months after maria american citizens in puerto rico are still living without power or reliable access to safe drink…
stock market is tumbling  you shouldn t lose money in your retirement investments because a childish  realdonaldtrump starts trade wars 
on the air now  waok with dr  bennett and  atlantavamc dr  fas  health fair
i m immensely proud of the students in our community and others across america who took part in national walkout day…
lol  yeah sure 👌🏻
rt  waltshaub  rep welch   did the taxpayers spend  30 000 for a security detail to accompany you on a trip to disneyland   admin  pruitt…
as a former small business owner  i understand that the best way to strengthen our economy is to invest in small b…
so thrilled that fearless girl will have a long-term home in fidi  placing her in front of the nyse will let her c…
 why isn t anyone doing anything about it  where is the faa  where is the dot  the committees of jurisdiction here…
met today w/ stonybrooku president sam stanley  he s doing great things over there  we both want more good jobs at…
excited about the redevelopment possibilities at the former hitchiner manufacturing co  in littleton  whether the s…
rt  officialcbc  there s 1 thing here that  realdonaldtrump & the cbc agree on  ag sessions is disgraceful  at  doj   he s  ☑️undermin…
need help cutting through bureaucratic red tape  you don t have to do it alone – we re here to help  call us in new…
honored to accept  pflag s champion of justice award alongside some of my heroes  repjohnlewis  barneyfrank…
our nation s food policy impacts both those who produce food & those who eat food  so no american is unaffected by…
i am introducing an amendment to the  ndaa  during markup today that requires the dod to report to congress on the c…
there are serious  significant impediments for the women who do not receive equal pay for equal work  it s time for…
i m proud of the bright young minds at montclair kimberley academy for caring deeply about the world around them  t…
rt  yale  john r  lewis receives honorary doctor of laws yale2017  repjohnlewis
these young ladies aspire to have careers in medicine  this is why the theme of this hestec 2016 latina day   
 runlolarun thank you for expressing your viewpoint lola  we will take it into account 
 dyk  1 in 4 new mexicans rely on  snap  to feed their families  a vote on the farm bill may soon take place & unfort…
teachers are the key to high-quality schools & are vital to furthering the success of our children  thank you teach…
deeply saddened by the passing of a wonderful friend  louiseslaughter  rep  slaughter was a dear friend of my mothe…
come to our tax scam teach-in this saturday  sign up below
i am so grateful for the extraordinary hard work and dedication over the past several months of utrgv s team   
the recent news report from fox 9 in minnesota regarding lawful remittance transfers is both misleading and offensi…
at the lincoln memorial for the womens march2018  the overwhelming majority of those i met agree on two things  it …
icymi  on friday  i joined college grads  finance experts and  repmarkpocan to discuss higher ed issues …
rt  repterrisewell  mr  president  the special counsel s team has either indicted or gotten guilty pleas from 19 people and three companies…
anything less will not only undermine our national security but our democracy   3/3 
hey   wa01   i m hosting a telephone townhall at 6pm tonight  want to join in on the conversation  text repdelbene…
marianne williamson and alan grayson at integrative politics
i posted a new photo to facebook
participating in town hall for our lives in conyers now  looking forward to attending tonight s as well at the rialto…
rt  cnbc  commentary  here s why companies deserve to be shamed when they fail to protect consumers  via  cnbctech
rt  oversightdems  just in  top dems release detailed new info from senior  epa whistleblower - letters sent to trump and epa after pruitt …
w/o the paris agreement mar-a-lago will be underwater  is pres trump withdrawing to focus on new soon-to-be oceanfront resort in the mojave 
rt  ilisapaul  thanks  repdannydavis for meeting with  advocatehealth  aurora_health  advocate_aurora to discuss access to quality care iss…
i also honored  helpingvictims s julie nauman w/ a congressional victims  rights caucus award this year  in additi…
rt  repdankildee  four years later  flint families are still recovering from the water crisis and having to use filters & bottled water  in…
thank you  praise1025  kdbowe for talking with me today about my jobs fair this friday  4/13  10a-3p   thegicc 
here is the roll call from yesterday s vote on the pro-yucca mountain bill  nevada should remember who its friends…
24 million people to sleep well tonight thanks to  potus and  gop s incompetence artofthe fail 😴💤
rt  repcohen   we must always take sides  neutrality helps the oppressor  never the victim -elie wiesel  holocaust remembrance day is a day…
here s the thing about  realdonaldtrump s tariffs  they don t hurt him  his family still benefits  it hurts you  w…
team titus at  salarmysonv  nhadvice project homeless connect providing resources to those in need constant contact…
6  require dod to come before the hasc to evaluate the merits of continued chinese participation in forthcoming  rimpac  exercises   ndaa17 
rt  aoafordos  aoa president dr  mark baker and coalition partners representing &gt  560k docs on capitol hill today to request  congressmanru…
today we recognize autism awareness day – dedicated to raising awareness about one of the most common developmental…
it s been over four months since the fcc voted to repeal net neutrality  and californians are still waiting for con…
if the status quo continues  it s estimated congestion costs will grow from  160 billion to  192 billion in 2020  adjusted for inflation 
sec  shulkin fired for understanding that va mission is to serve our heroes  not political agendas to privatize the…
wishing everyone celebrating easter a joyous day  happy easter to you and your loved ones  happy easter…
rt  strausreform  one of the few bipartisan oversight good news stories this year has been how diligent  repmiketurner  nikiinthehouse hav…
  epascottpruitt s dishonest dealings as head of  epa continue to keep pace with his wanton disregard for our envir…
roughly 120 american d r e a mers lose their daca protections every day  they deserve to be protected and live without…
amen 
from new jersey  maine and virginia to manchester and st  pete fla   voters rejected trump s reckless agenda and em…
 potus once toyed with the idea of buying his own cable outlet  now he doesn t have to  he owns one for free 
rt  houstonrockets  let s finish it in h-town  🤘
years of  housegop attacks on healthcare are costing american families dearly  millions are losing their health cov…
rt  _mariocarrillo_  🤔so  johncornyn doesn t understand why ken paxton is suing trump admin on daca  yet cornyn refuses to vote for a dream…
rt  derricknaacp  trump s judicial nominee for the eastern district of louisiana refused to say whether she supported brown v  board  and y…
rt  demsespanol  el senador  marcorubio lo ha dicho  la fraudulenta ley fiscal republicana sólo esta ayudando a las grandes corporaciones …
if  potus chooses to leave our democracy vulnerable  congress must fill the vacuum  my bill would create a unified…
wonderful performance by the extremely talented utrgv mariachi aztlán during the hestec 2016 latina day lunch today 
 sheriffearp it s almost as hard to say as swalwell
dr  martin luther king was assassinated 50 years ago today as he fought to bring dignity  civil rights  and economi…
the  nra attacks anyone who dares to support reasonable gunsafety reforms  this is why too many members of congres…
rt  reptimwalz  2 million people will have their access to food threatened if the  housegop passes their hyper-partisan farm bill  that s…
rt  ricksmithshow  rick  i agree  we can t write off these rural areas  if it weren t for federal laws  the mostly rural area where i live…
rt  repdonbeyer  yet another reason scott pruitt shouldn t be at the head of the epa  this administration has taken step after step to give…
today  i along w/  repdankildee   repdebdingell &  replawrence sent a letter to mi gov snyder expressing concerns o…
rt  repstephmurphy  the only thing bipartisan about the gop tax bill was its opposition 
glad i was able to meet with parents  students and teachers from trinity lutheran school in the  visitthecapitol ye…
rt  momsdemand  gun violence is a public safety issue that impacts americans from all walks of life  volunteers like marybeth help bridge t…
mitt romney calls pastor who will deliver blessing at jerusalem embassy opening  religious bigot …
rt  reptedlieu  democrats have repeatedly called for investigations into the trump admin s culture of corruption  unfortunately  the gop-con…
my response to the trump administration s decision on the california waterfix project 
check out this simply marvelous photo of a grand marais sunrise from clint austin   havington   of  duluthnews  ar…
rt  nancypelosi  join us as we investigate how surging prescription drug prices impact working families 
marching with  hispaniccaucus from the capitol to the dream tent on the national mall  let s pass the dream act in…
eight years ago today  president obama signed the affordable care act into law  we can t go backwards and kick mill…
happening now  on my way to the house floor to vote no on the g o p tax scam bill   hr1% 
the injustice faced by sherry chen must never happen  no aapi person should be made to feel foreign by their gov t 
today i urged  interior  secretaryzinke to increase pumping during storms falling in our san joaquin valley & acros…
rt  ccinri   peacefulwrrior  repadamschiff  liberal_hippo  alangrayson was right  the republicans healthcare plan is  hurry-up and diecare…
rt  jaclyncorin  thank you   browardschools  for choosing not to engage in the program that arms our teachers  i m glad you listened to the…
every day  there seems to be yet another disturbing disclosure about  epascottpruitt s misuse of taxpayer dollars …
i thought  betsydevos  job was to protect students 
rt  workingthehill  a timely discussion of trade  infrastructure and farm bill at peoria county farm bureau w/  senatordurbin and  repcheri…
rt  housedemocrats  fifty years after the loss of his mentor and friend  dr  martin luther king  jr    repjohnlewis reminds us that real pr…
rt  repcohen  trump s zeal for administration firings denigrates public servants an off the wall out of control   a…
happy thanksgiving to all  wishing you all the best always  -----feliz día de acción de gracias  deseandole todo l…
thank you  495mwptnership for inviting me to speak at your annual meeting this morning w  massgovernor  a great exa…
 breaking   trump recklessly withdraws from iran deal and puts america at risk by opening door to nuclear-armed…
rt  delawaretourism  immerse yourself in delaware history and heritage at saturday s dover days festival  learn more at
today is tax day  and it s a day for corporate ceos and wealthy shareholders to celebrate  the g o p tax scam will giv…
terrific turnout for our annual congressional health fair today  thanks to  englewoodhosp and all the vendors for c…
in addition to the need for the honest ads act  today s russia indictments show congress needs to get serious abou…
rt  nancypelosi  glad to see the senate take the first steps towards protecting the mueller investigation  it s time for  housegop to final…
making informed policy decisions starts with listening to those who will be affected most  thank you to all of the…
rt  ashley_hanley1  rep   collinpeterson meets with cottonwood county commissioners to discuss his role on ag committee   keyc
team u s a sled hockey crushes the semi-finals  bring home the gold 
thanks for visiting my campaign twitter  if you intended to visit me on my official house of rep twitter  please do so  repanthonybrown
deeply saddened to hear of the passing of my colleague  rep  louise slaughter  she was a trailblazer and a champion…
272 mass shootings this year  when will  speakerryan give us a vote  no fly no buy close the loophole gun vote
today members of the christian ecumenical community from  md02  shared their concerns regarding displaced migrants…
rt  browardpolitics   our children wake up every morning where nearly 100 lives will be lost to guns by the time they go to bed    repjoeke…
as founding co-chair of the  prekcaucus  i joined my colleagues  repkevinyoder  repkclark and  tomcoleok04 in marki…
there is no more vital role of government than securing the safety of its citizens  whether it s at home or abroad …
rt  yvetteclarke  fact  91 people per day die from gun violence  rt to say it s far past time we disarmhate 
rt  sbdcmankato  celebrating mark johnson and sandra johnson of artisan restoration llc at the minnesota small business week awards  congra…
behind every successful student  there s a proud community of family & teachers  great to meet with  ocpsnews avalo…
transgender  fetus  diversity  vulnerable  evidence-based  science-based  entitlement  the researchers at the…
today i had the pleasure of meeting with the ambassador of guatemala   memeespina  to discuss us aid and other prio…
rt  nasa  ever wonder what might be visible in the night sky  we can tell you  in april  the moon  mars and saturn form a pretty triangle …
so-called administration completely falling apart  and perhaps betsy devos should be charged w/ crime of impersonat…
fifty years ago  this world lost a beacon guiding a movement of equality by the north star of justice  today we rea…
i and 111 colleagues voiced concerns w/improving child nutrition & education act of 2016  cnr2016  letter here→https //t co/k2amiqlaa9
i asked  ustreasury secretary mnuchin about bipartisan legislation i helped introduce to level the playing field fo…
just held an informative briefing with author matt desmond  just_shelter about our housing crisis that has hit larg…
i am honored to join my colleagues in the florida delegation in recognizing  keiseru on its 40th anniversary  i w…
always inspired by the brave young men and women who sign up to serve our country  at our us service academy night …
the family medical leave act turns 25 today  while this successful law has provided families flexibility  it needs…
rt  sryantribune  it s official  no  11 seed loyola faces no  6 miami in dallas on thursday 
the dept of defense has ignored congress  request for info on reports that trump s campaign chairman received loans…
we are going to do our part  we now look to you for the strength that you bring  c a r e act
these brave service members will not be forgotten  nor will the unthinkable sacrifice borne by their families and l…
happy new year 
rt  waysmeanscmte  republicans passed tax cuts for corporations and the 1% that added  2 3 trillion to the national debt  now  to pay for t…
with the failure to pass an immigration bill in the senate today  and time running out before the president starts…
today the president outlined his plan for reducing rx prices – missing from the plan was a commonsense idea potus s…
this year  americans receiving social security were denied a cola despite rising healthcare costs & other expenses expand social security
looking forward to tracking the tech accord and the commitment of companies to strengthen cybersecurity for their…
for de  agriculture contributes 30 000 jobs and  8b in yearly economic activity  it means a lot to my state  and i …
rt  repmceachin  it s tax day – which means my republican colleagues will be talking up the g o p tax scam until they are blue in the face  ju…
rt  tulsipress  four years later  it s still unsafe for flint to use water that runs through their faucets to brush their teeth  shower  o…
d c emancipation day commemorates april 16  1862  when slaves in the nation s capital were freed 9 months before slav…
rt  therealkuzco  thank you to the  daveloebsack office for meeting with us and listening to our message of global vaccinations  especially…
i ve led groups of maine seniors on trips to licensed canadian pharmacies  which often resulted in hundreds of savi…
rt  liscchicago  another diamond project ribbon cutting celebration this time at winnemac park  thank you  cubs charities  cubs wives   cla…
tomorrow  5pm  rep  cicilline is hosting his annual senior resources fair in east providence at the east providence…
rt  vetaffairsdems    reptimwalz &  drphilroe worked together to get these extensions passed  proves once again that if you want to see bi…
 potus wants looser rules on ahps  it s been tried before  didn t go well  financial instability  failure  and fraud
ventura county agriculture is cornerstone of our regional economy & proud part of our heritage  today  i had pleasu…
rt  seia  great op-ed by  repjackyrosen on the importance of repealing trump tariffs on solar to protect american workers and our clean en…
going on  cnn in a few mins  tune in
i ve been a cosponsor of h r  3947  the automatic gunfire prevention act  to ban bump stocks since october  that s…
i am extremely saddened by the loss of my friend  congressman kika de la garza  kika was an inspiration to south texans   
thanks to members of the  texasfarmbureau from coming by my office – really productive discussion about the farm bi…
on this anniversary of the first freedom ride  check out this video of  repjohnlewis describing being beaten when h…
rt  housenewdems    repmceachin introduced the disabled access credit expansion  dace  act to assist small business owners comply with the…
rt  ne_cncs  last year 466 310 nebraskans volunteered 58 23 million hours  worth 1 3 billion for nebraska  go volunteer
i voted against the republican short-term spending bill because it fails to address funding priorities and fails to…
so we are going to have to really keep a close eye on john bolton and speak out strongly against policies that woul…
rt  embamexeua  ambassador  geronimo__gf met with  repcuellar   mayorpetesaenz and a delegation of businessmen and officials from the city…
public science helps us see how america s laws & policies impact american families and communities  we need to know…
rt  cspan   he has harmed the society of the united states  brought shame and dishonor to the office of president of the united states   -…
rt  campaign4kids  congressional hispanic caucus proposes  children s day  holiday | the hill  joaquincastrotx  we…
republicans in congress have rejected every gun safety proposal for a decade  they have thoughts and prayers but n…
the white house is currently drafting proposals which would gut emissions and fuel economy standards for vehicles—a…
rosenstein  the doj will not be extorted threatening to impeach rosenstein is nothing but a sorry attempt to intim…
we have 2 today  veterans town hall at 10 & general town hall at 1  both at 3210 dyer st 
i call on  potus  to adopt his own opioid commission s recommendation to authorize the hhs secretary to negotiate d…
 malichi2067  wnine1  gusswnsn  purpleexpatorg i have been in contact with greg via dm and reviewing the issue with my staff 
rt  keithellison  nearly six months ago  my colleagues and i asked sec  devos for information about 1000 minnesota students who were defrau…
andres flores  a downey high school senior  won second place in the lucille roybal-allard student art competition fo…
thank you  agschneiderman for leading this multi-state lawsuit against a citizenship question in the 2020 census  a…
enjoying great music and entertainment at the annual las vegas indian food & cultural festival  thank you  friends…
rt  lgbteqcaucus  welcome us representative  repzoelofgren from california s 19th district to the lgbt equality caucus  we look forward to…
my statement on the syria strikes 
rt  repgracemeng  pleasure participating in round table discussion hosted by  cbwgcaucus   housedemwomen  and  aapolicyforum about how cong…
i ll keep pushing to boost opportunities and entrepreneurship for talented leaders like these women 
we are here to serve the american people  not reap benefits or reward our friends at the expense of hardworking men…
at today s  transportdems mark up i spoke of  lvmpd officer charleston hartfield &  nlvpd detective chad parque who…
rt  repmarktakano  now is the time to pass a bill to reopen the government and address both chip and daca  the votes are there for these bi…
as  ussupremecourt hears arguments in janus v afscme  remember this case was funded by the koch brothers & dark mo…
this was the first of a series of events that i m going to host because gun violence is so important & so pervasive…
proud we secured   to help  forestservice repay fire-borrowing  but we must address short-sighted fire mgmt funding 
appreciate the outstanding work of all of the organizers and participants in last week s world civility day …
republicans focused on passing the g o p tax scam for their wealthy donors and corporations instead of health care for…
check out this month s grants newsletter for info on grants to develop technology improving our response to service…
pleased to receive the support of my  housebluedogs on my plan to put solutions over politics to stabilize the indiv…
rt  healthylakes  talking about cuts to the  glri   we will fix that  on a bipartisan basis   - repmarcykaptur at  great lakes day at  glcomm…
i am very pleased that the house veterans  affairs committee passed a bipartisan bill yesterday that i co-authored…
yes  emmanuelmacron the united states must lead the world  to promote our universal values  to express strongly tha…
always a pleasure meeting with you  my friend  whether here or in the sgv  appreciated our discussion on transporta…
hoy hablé con las esposas  hijos y familiares de aquellos quienes fueron detenidos por ice en una redada en tenness…
it s way past time 
excellent news about the central coast s  nps_monterey  just ranked as the 1 graduate school for homeland/national…
in illinois alone  over 220 000 low-income households use federal rental assistance to rent modest housing at an af…
it was my honor to receive an award from the gen  consul of canada  cgyaffe on behalf of the 1st district of ct  ex…
  nancypelosi is on the house floor sharing the inspiring stories of d r e a mers from across the country  congress mu…
michael is the owner of smolak farms in north andover  i m proud to represent entrepreneurs like him who are preser…
i m proud to announce that the advance act  my bipartisan bill to help connect military service members with inland…
it s been an honor and privilege to serve the state and community that my family has called home for over 150 years   ne02   1/2 
rep  tulsi gabbard has continued to fight to keep air travel taxes & fees as low as possible for people in hawaii…
this international womens day  let s celebrate the leaders and activists who work tirelessly to create a more equal…
last week  i had the opportunity to visit fuller elementary school  where i talked with teachers and administrators…
republican sabotage will cause hundreds of thousands of virginians to face double-digit health insurance premium in…
rt  ourocean  thanks  replowenthal for standing up for oceanplanning in the omnibus  agencies working with people to solve management cha…
it s important for our young people to learn all aspects of us history  and that includes the countless contributio…
rt  energycommerce    housedemocrats are fighting to protect your net neutrality rights 
rt  repcohen  honored to stand w/ bill lucy  coleman thompson &former memphis city councilman michael hooks sr  at dedication of the i am…
the president is about to address  nra  watch him bend to gun manufacturers by claiming the only way to ensure safe…
rt  edworkforcedems  we agree congress needs to fix f a s f a  that is why we support  repbrochester s simple fasfa act  which would remove bar…
the  hawaiiredcross has opened shelters at koloa elementary school  hanalei elementary school and the church of the…
fuel efficiency standards have saved motorists money at the pump  & have cut down on dirty emissions  why on earth…
 potus can disagree with press reporting  but shouldn t threaten their licenses   ajitpaifcc must reject his threat to freedom of the press 
read why eric schneiderman poses challenges for both parties in the midterms2018 elections 
live now — hearing with  usedgov secretary betsy devos on funding for our nation s schools and school safety 
the female firefighters & lifeguards i met at this morning s  lacofd summit are living proof that when you give wom…
also announced the introduction of my legislation to allow  fda to partner with universities like  rutgersu to desi…
 berniesanders & i will announce legislation today on community health centers   aca  protect our care
rt  senwarren  the  cfpb was created to protect people  if  mickmulvaneyomb wants to prevent the agency from stopping scams & helping consu…
on international womens day & throughout womens history month  we celebrate the extraordinary achievements women have…
this morning i joined the kiwanis club of west omaha diamond k for a conversation on social security  the new va an…
rt  pspateleyemd  another successful year of eye screenings with  emoryeyecenter and  atlantavamc  thank you  repdavidscott for this wonder…
rt  homelanddems  hearing on public alerts and warnings  ipaws  is about the begin with  repdonaldpayne  video & more info-------&gt 
el debate general comenzará 3 15pm  por una hora  luego se debatirán 8 enmiendas  entre 5 30pm y 6pm es la votación   promesa 
i demand that  potus takes decisive action to get guns off our streets  democrats in congress have tried and been b…
sikhs have been an integral part of america s fabric for 125  years  today we join our sikh american neighbors in c…
the deadline to renew  daca  is today → protect dreamers
equal pay day is about our grandmothers  mothers  sisters  and daughters being treated with the respect and dignity…
the grant and the new rails unloaded today will replace 19 miles of older rail with new rail with the capacity to h…
thank you to each of the incredible interns who worked in my washington  dc office  continue your engagement to spe…
happy birthday to my good friend  senator  corybooker  it s a fact that we april babies are the best 
•withdrew a proposal to track emissions of methane and volatile organic compounds from oil and natural-gas faciliti…
instead of thoughts and prayers  let s honor with action and get to work right now on common sense gun safety reform…
the  realdonaldtrump administration s attack on science continues  nasa s monitoring system for greenhouse gases ha…
i am proud to announce the u s  house has passed funding authorization for major projects at national laboratories…
i am deeply saddened by the unexpected news of mayor ed lee s passing  my condolences to his family and friends in this challenging time 
rt  udelppe   repbrochester passionate about building strong communities  taking action   now is the time    
there are many kinds of natural disaster that can impact our islands  because of their level of devastation or freq…
i am joining 149 of my colleagues in cosponsoring legislation that will save the internet 
how far we ve come to everyone having a camera in their pocket and google street view at the touch of a button 
appreciate the opportunity yesterday to discuss our regional economy and global trade issues with the  iunorthwest…
have a safe and happy easter celebration 
rt  ilrf    repjayapal was hosting bangladeshi labor organizers at her home when the rana plaza collapse happened 5 years ago  she fought f…
the constitution requires the census to count every person in the country  not just citizens  the trump administrat…
  realdonaldtrump is failing to drain the swamp  see for yourself 👉
today i intro d a bill to abolish electoral college  we fought hard for the sacred right to vote  every vote must c…
the leaders of north & south korea shaking hands and working to end their decades-long conflict demonstrates the pr…
rest in peace   
butterfield  jones seeking participants for art competition - via  reflectornews
rt  aliceollstein  breaking  interior dept  ig says zinke s ouster of native americans and climate scientists may have violated federal law…
so glad to hear san diego has been selected as a finalist for the new army futures command  we are a navy town so m…
milwaukee was the epicenter of the fair housing struggle  but the legacy of discrimination lives on & our city rem…
rt  repbrochester  for de  agriculture contributes 30 000 jobs and  8b in yearly economic activity  it means a lot to my state  and i m dis…
amazing morning with the incredible debate club at academy charter in hempstead  ny04   so proud of you all …
the g o p tax scam raises taxes on 82 million middle class families & explodes the deficit by  1 5 trillion  we need t…
rt  governorsoffice  today   governortomwolf joined  repdwightevans   repdonnabullock  artist  meekmill   sixers co-owner  michaelgrubin  c…
last week  i called for pruitt s resignation or firing from the president and continue to call on my colleagues in…
republicans pass third bill this week to roll back financial protections instead of taking up gun violence preventi…
icymi  watch my remarks at yesterday s financial services hearing on troubling bill to replace dol fiduciary rule 
rt  namiadvocacy  thank you to  gracenapolitano and  repjohnkatko for joining  namicommunicate  aacap  mentalhealtham and  nationalffcmh to…
honored to receive 93% on  fpaction s food policy scorecard  see more scores here  votefood
my team & i were humbled to go three miles this morning with chula vista s own boston marathon champion desiree lin…
open enrollment in  marylandconnect has begun  many  85%  are eligible for assistance through tax credits  access …
rt  repmceachin  it s tax day – which means my republican colleagues will be talking up the g o p tax scam until they are blue in the face  ju…
rt  mayorharrykim  county of hawai i opens eruption information center on monday  may 7  2018 in pahoa to address questions and concerns of…
rt  oversightdems  based on new reports that white house staff secretary robert porter retained his position even after being denied a perm…
rt  nrdcwater    gkbutterfield gets  epascottpruitt to admit he didn t know about health impacts associated with coal ash disposal  that di…
rt  naral   a tax on a women s bodily autonomy and choice have no place in the tax bill   rep   jaredpolis just offered an amendment to st…
getting ready to sign legislation that strengthens penalties for illegal purchases of firearms  watch live …
rt  vcstar   you can make a difference for people  that s a rare privilege   — lois capps 
please join me this afternoon in east new york at a town hall meeting to save starrett city  the largest federally s…
thomas from oxnard emailed  will you support reauthorizing the violence against women act  ask julia  ca26 
rt  bgov  thank you to for addressing  bgov this morning   staceyplaskett 
i m pleased to help north carolina secure more than  10 million in the recently passed omnibus to strenghen our ele…
on this important anniversary let s recommit to preserving this landmark agreement and resist those dark voices who…
rt  barrylaffs  i m in the middle of greatness  much like alice on the brady bunch    only my group whines less and writes really great stuf…
i will continue pushing back against further militarization of border communities that result in senseless tragedie…
great speaking with local leaders of the north willamette valley today at the french prairie forum  thanks for all…
yes  wouldn t want the president of the united states to make a reckless statement about something like a super bow…
last week  the republicans tried to pass the so-called  balanced budget  amendment after they exploded the deficit…
rt  senmarkey  including a citizenship question on the 2020 census is  a  a blatant political intimidation tactic to undercount communities…
unlike mr  mulvaney  i believe our government should not be for sale to the highest bidder  rt if you agree  drain the swamp
always proud to be a  fresnostatealum  go dogs be bold
happy passover to those celebrating in nevada and all around the world  chag sameach   nv04 
more broken promises from  realdonaldtrump  never again
to celebrate national bike month  i had the honor of visiting two local players in the bicycle industry  giant bicyc…
gunrunner and congressional perjurer oliver north takes the helm at the nra  it s time to fight back and reinstate…
happy easter to all delawareans celebrating today 
my thoughts are with the students  faculty and staff at aztec high school  their families and the entire aztec community  aztec strong
americans deserve to have a congress that understands complex scientific and technical issues  that s why we need…
it s a full house this morning at mountianair high school s gym  team m l g is attending the 73rd central  nm  electr…
 nycsouthpaw i ve always had a strange love for a movie which addressed this sort of thinking 
adding a citizenship question to the 2020 census isn t a common-sense addition to the census  it s dangerous  alarm…
rt  ppfa  sarah weddington was 27 when she argued roe v  wade — the youngest person ever to win in the supreme court  today is the 45th an…
rt  housejuddems  new  ranking members  bobbyscott and  repjerrynadler released a  usgao report that proves students of color suffer harshe…
community health centers are a lifeline for so many patients in california and throughout the country  republicans…
tax season is underway and you don t want to miss this special free file tax event where you  if you qualify  you c…
every year approximately 40 children in houston become sick from tuberculosis  and 230 children are infected with t…
get to know my friend kelty  at student at the  uw who can now give back and help others because she is healthy and…
rt  senwhitehouse  the regional greenhouse gas initiative   nine eastern states gained  1 4 billion in economic benefits from rggi over the…
had a great visit today to  uconn tech park  the state-of-the-art center is the outstanding product of the universi…
closing the existing loopholes in the cca will ensure international adoptees are treated equally under us law  this…
it s earth day  celebrate by heading out to a park near you →
in 90 minutes we will start a comprehensive discussion about gun violence  school shootings and keeping our childre…
this is a victory for dreamers and our country  what it means  daca is still in place  those with work authoriza…
rt  ssworks  one of the best ever explanations of why social security is an earned benefit  not an entitlement  from  repjohnlarson 
rt  mboteach    repmcgovern  gop doesn t think twice about tax cuts for billionaires  but they go right after food assistance for strugglin…
rt  keng_ch  listening to congressman  gerryconnolly speak about gun control and nra opposition  his abc plan sounds like a great approach …
president trump must come to congress to seek an authorization of use of military force and lay out to the nation a…
great morning in  dist_99 at downers grove north high school discussing climatechange with  skilling  don wuebbles…
the volunteers  mdforhrc are doing an outstanding job today  thanks 
 usafmatthew  repandrecarson  usafmatthew  if interested  you can learn more about the bill here  /3
rt  bradybuzz  the suspect in the recent waffle house shooting already had his firearm id card revoked in illinois  but that information di…
i am proud to have attended the grand reopening of  carverbanknyc  the 1st black owned bank on  nasdaq  carver has…
it s been years in the making  but i m happy to announce we were able to obtain  7 million for the  ww1cc in the om…
rt  nancypelosi  it s been a long time coming  time to vote 
thank you for keeping hope alive that we will  bbog    repandrecarson  rephastingsfl  repadams  repbobbyrush…
great news for hv students & teachers  our kids deserve the best education  we should invest in america to protect…
rt  booktv  booktv s round table discussion of  a higher loyalty   flatironbooks with victoria toensing &  repraskin airs this weekend sat…
i posted a new photo to facebook
for years  i ve seen first-hand how  purewatersd technology can help create a safe and resilient local water supply…
that s why i have introduced a c t i o n4 service  this legislation would expand national service programs & help studen…
had a great talk w/  repcheri & small business leaders  farmers & manufacturers at  swtc  working together to grow…
proud to announce that  lamarsmithtx21 &  repcicilline have signed on as cosponsors of the bipartisan don t tax hig…
this black history month has been a time for reflection and rededication   bhm  shows the next generation of leaders…
 you all just got a lot richer    realdonaldtrump told his wealthy friends at mar-a-lago  this time  he wasn t lyi…
many brave citizens have fought & even died for the right to vote over america s history  let s move forward  not backward for voting rights
speaker ryan proved just how out of touch gop is with working families when he posted tweet touting a secretary s  …
icymi  i asked  secretarycarson for an update on  hudgov s efforts to help cities address gentrification and reside…
putin s anti-semitic comments about the jewish community  which i proudly represent in south brooklyn and beyond  a…
proud to work on this issue with my fellow  energycommerce democrats  we will not let this administration s extreme…
rt  housesbcdems  each year  the federal government awards a significant percentage of contracting opportunities to small businesses owned…
rt  waysmeanscmte  from the renegotiation of nafta and the u s -korea free trade agreement to the imposition of new tariffs  there is a gre…
rt  homelanddems    dhsgov issues 5 press releases in the span of a few hours  spreading fake news and propaganda
icymi i announced with  rephuffman more than  212m for disaster relief for ca  our communities and the wonderful pe…
because of  bryandbender &  politico exclusive reporting i m calling on the  deptofdefense to stop wasting…
in honor of national women s history month  we recognize katherine begich vukelich  mn s own  rosie the riveter   c…
congrats to  hazenpaper  a third generation family owned and operated business in holyoke  on another visit to the…
rt  bostonglobe   breaking   american elite runner desiree linden wins the women s boston marathon race  she is the first female runner from…
rt  johnbrennan  when the full extent of your venality  moral turpitude  and political corruption becomes known  you will take your rightfu…
thank you to the milledgeville public library  i had a great time delivering books from the library of congress and…
please be safe 
rt  repjoecrowley  welcome to the newest member of  housedemocrats  conor lamb  i m excited to work together to move our country in the rig…
rt  hispaniccaucus    speakerryan  how about we clean up this  daca  mess up by voting on a permanent legislative solution that protects …
on earth day we recommit ourselves to the protection and preservation of our environment  land  water  and wildlife 
voting is now open for the 2018 congressional art competition s  people s choice award   go to my facebook page to…
rt  energycommerce  democrats are working hard to protect our care against the trump administration s sabotage of affordable healthcare  htt…
treating mental health sickness requires adequate care  tools and resources  i m committed to tackling this problem…
thank you to dr  kreines and dr  bekal for the great op-ed on my bipartisan bill  the restoring the patient s voice…
  fema acknowledges what many pinellas families know firsthand  flood insurance is unaffordable  house leadership m…
rt  repcummings  our children are the living messages we send to a future we will never see  the question is how will we send them into tha…
the men & women of the  cfpb fight to protect consumers every day  we can t let trump ignore the law and congress b…
rt  modemparty  happy birthday to missouri s own harry truman  who was born on this day in 1884  🎂 show me dems
rt  davidrein   alangrayson needs more head cheese 
rt  hackneyabbott   it s almost impossible to produce a hostile environment for immigrants and not produce a hostile environment for people…
rt  ssworks  closing the arlington ssa office without public input is unacceptable and will hit our most vulnerable neighbors hardest - noa…
as i said in 2013  under pres  obama  constitution requires congressional authorization for use of military force i…
rt  emilyskor  congrats to our biofuels summit outstanding congressional staff award winners from  daveloebsack  rodneydavis  sendonnelly  …
attendee from holmes county  we appreciate what you are doing to get your counterparts on board to assure we have h…
rt  repsarbanes  to kick off sunshine week  here are 400 ways that  realdonaldtrump has created the most secretive and unethical presidency…
the dragon capsule splashed down and arrived in america s port  portofla after its successful resupply of the…
rt  mariaedurazo  proud to be with incredible national women at enough is enough summit in dc today   repmaloney  dnc  unitehere  unitehere… 
rt  radiofreetom  i will always do everything i can to remind people that librarians are an under-appreciated part of the infrastructure of…
rt  adunnewamc  happening today   repseanmaloney will join a local korean war prisoner of war in cornwall  orange county  to announce legis…
congrats to my friend &  appropsdems colleague  repmarcykaptur on becoming the longest-serving woman in house histo…
imagine counting down the days until retirement and finding out you owe years longer than everyone else you work wi…
rt  orfirefighters  great meeting with  repschrader this morning  i a f flegcon
rt  ramblersmbb  it s over  see you in san antonio  loyola - 78 ksu - 62 onward l u m v c hoops march madness final four no finish line
this hits the nail on the head   realdonaldtrump didn t care about personal scandal  i mean  c mon   he cared that…
rt  housejuddems  rm  repjerrynadler has long supported promoting greater public access to government proceedings  including the judicial b…
congressman fattah discusses the zika virus with cdc director thomas fri    via  youtube
rt  cbssunday  mass  congressman  repjoekennedy says arming teachers to make schools safer is  absurd   don t miss his interview with  gayl…
rt  hascdemocrats    repadamsmith remarks on russian influence campaigns   does the president of the united states even agree with the mess…
equal pay day highlights that the gender wage gap is real and is worse for women of color  it s long overdue for con…
the comey memos paint a clear picture of donald trump s actions as highly inappropriate  and again are proof that h…
thanks again to all those who attended the press conference for our 90-day bipartisan initiative for va community   
friends–my son joe is seeking the office of alderman for ward 7 in somerville  his site  & fb 
twice in the last 16 days  the president of the united states has said he would act on the recommendations of the s…
though we know him to be a hero  roy was a humble man who frequently downplayed his role in the war  as we mourn t…
rt  eacgov  rep  steny hoyer   whiphoyer  and rep  jamie raskin   repraskin  visit  eacgov to hear more about our work to support secure  a…
polluting pruitt wants to cut  epa s programs that protect americans  health – all while using taxpayer money on lu…
rt  nancypelosi  proud to announce  louiseslaughter &  repbrady as ranking members of rules & administration committees  respectively
update  a meeting will be held tonight at 6pm to discuss the fire at the winslow high school performing arts center…
spent yesterday morning in monee as  amazon opened a new fulfillment location that will create new jobs in our co…
louise slaughter was a force  one of the funniest  smartest  nicest  and most passionate people i have been blessed…
rt  repdankildee  50 years ago  president johnson signed the fair housing act  making discrimination in housing illegal  today  there is mo…
one hour away   bookrevueli
rt  americanrivers  thank you  repcartwright  replancenj7 for your bill addressing the need to plan &  prepare  for extreme weather
that s why i fight to cut taxes and why i ve clawed back  290 for every household in the fifth district–a 16% incre…
north korea s announced suspension of missile and nuclear tests is a positive sign in the lead up to a high-stakes…
at the florida ports caucus meeting with  reprutherfordfl   repwilson  darrensoto discussing  jaxport 
nice to see the  cochranskiarea and the cochran family get some well-deserved national recognition  countless young…
it is vital that congress take steps on commonsense approaches to ending gun violence  never again
like our own abigail adams  barbara bush will not simply be remembered as the wife and mother of presidents  but al…
we are passing bills this week to update the irs - i also think we could used several agents to assist citizens giv…
apparent chemical weapons attack in douma by syrian regime against civilians is yet another act of barbarism by ass…
glad to have joined  rt3_thinktank for a discussion on the transformative power of  ai   i founded the  aicaucus & i…
economic empowerment is key to wealth creation  encouraging to see a 50% growth rate in female and minority franchi…
we must continue to raise awareness of the health disparities that plague minority communities throughout our count…
it is clear that trump & this republican congress are more concerned with giving the top 1% tax breaks than helping middle class americans 
congratulations  senduckworth on the birth of your daughter  wishing you and your family good health and much happi…
dems added lang in fast act allowing 4 auto increased investments in surface transp infrastructure if congress adds additional   in  htf  1/
rt  mcallopinion  from  repcartwright  why reopening wall street  casino  wrong choice for main street  mcall
amid rising temperatures  surging seas & record floods  fires & storms  earth day reminds us that bold  ambitious g…
hardworking americans deserve an  epa  administrator who works in the public interest  not for the special interests…
think that was an accident  trump s own former-hhs secretary says that by repealing the individual mandate  the…
watch  nancypelosi share the stories of dreamers on the house floor  our commitment to dreamers is stronger than…
tbt
this week is an excellent opportunity to shop local and support the bay area s many small businesses  particularly…
rt  speakerryan  the house of representatives just observed a moment of silence for the victims of the severe storms in georgia and missi…
joining in solidarity with all the students walking out for 17 minutes to honor the 17 killed one month ago at marj…
ending the opioid crisis in america is going to take federal resources  tragically  we are seeing cuts to programs…
rt  repgutierrez  get ready america  house gop making a play to help trump fire deputy ag rod rosenstein and derail mueller investigation …
happy to sit down with fellow north carolinians to talk about the importance of federal funding for hemophilia trea…
for too long mandatory arbitration has allowed biz to skirt accountability & silence sexual harassment survivors  w…
the wrong choice act would gut wall st reform & hurt consumers  investors & the financial system →…
rt  repcohen  klan cross burnings local murder of goodman schwerner chaney local swastika s painted on synagogues  local lynchings local  l…
rt  rollcall  fact-checking  sotu    unemployment in the context of the last 10 years of data 
rt  donaldnorcross  the flint water crisis can t be allowed to happen elsewhere  remember the trillion    infrastructure promise from can…
rt  mayorbowser  joined by  eleanornorton and our dc home rule coalition to defend and protect our dc laws  today  we tell congress  hands…
this tv station may not be able to do stories like this for much longer — if the merger goes through  it will be ow…
i signed the discharge petition to force a floor vote on legislation to protect special counsel mueller from being…
rt  rickeysmiley  instead of focusing on one of the many issues facing the united states  donald trump spent time belittling the beloved  m… 
rt  repspeier  thank you  repbyrne -- it s been a truly bipartisan process and an honor to work with you and  repcomstock  greggharper  sus…
making sure everyone has a safe and affordable place to call home is a moral imperative that we must keep working t…
this case and too many others are why i m working to pass federal anti-trafficking legislation  hr 1475  because th…
important reminder  today is the last day for eligible syrians in the us to submit an application for tps renewal …
new profile pic
ending temporary protected status for haitians could put them at risk of poverty and illness  save t p s
and therefore is unconstitutional under the constitution s supremacy clause 
rt  cleanairmoms   it is not a pleasant experience to treat kids who come in with asthma   says physician   congressmanruiz on health risks…
i am proud to have played my part in securing this funding for yars and camp ravenna  investing in the men and wome…
pleased that the leaders of south and north korea had a productive meeting  this historic event is the first step i…
our thousand oaks office is officially open  thank you to our supporters for helping us kick off my campaign 
 tbt  aboard air force one during travel for the 2nd summit of the americas to santiago  chile in 1998  in photo   
i m pleased to see robust increases in funding for important programs that will help workingfamilies get ahead  st…
rt  ricardorossello 
rt  repcummings  our children are the living messages we send to a future we will never see  the question is how will we send them into tha…
excited to host  jeremy_rifkin for a discussion on puerto rico s energy future 
 whoever listens to a witness  becomes a witness  –elie weisel neveragain weremember holocaust remembrance day
great time visiting bais yaakov academy of queens in kew gardens and yeshiva ketana of queens in fresh meadows  1/2
i ve been working to improve markets for this vital renewable energy resource and continue its great success in pa 
last year  i hoped we d have a serious conversation on reforming the tax code in a way that gives every american th…
congratulations prince william & duchess kate on the birth of your son  wishing you & the entire  royalfamily much…
in our meeting  i thanked students for their leadership  and we discussed solutions that will directly confront the…
closing the pay gap is an important part of my agenda for expanding economic opportunities for women  more here –
rt  housedemocrats  we re thankful every day for the  capitolpolice & other law enforcement who put their lives on the line to keep the ame…
rt  radleybalko  neighbor calls cops on mentally ill man acting odd  not armed  no threats  cops break into man s home  pull him from the s…
pleasure meeting with  wgrdc to discuss investments in transportation & infrastructure and the important work the o…
no matter your politics  first lady barbara bush always projected warmth  dignity and humility  she was the quintes…
rt  alliedprogress  this exchange between  repmaloney and  mickmulvaneyomb tells you everything you need to know about his work at  cfpb …
medicare is health care for our seniors  b/c of our large retirement population  florida is ground zero for fraud&e…
visiting  cdcgov s dengue branch and lab in puerto rico for briefing on disaster response efforts including infecti…
house republicans voted twice today to block consideration of my bill to close the charleston loophole  but i will…
trumpcare cuts medicaid by  772b  who gets hurt  40% of all children  64% of seniors in nursing homes  & 49% of families giving birth 
looking forward to a great discussion with  ca31  residents in redlands on october 16th 
12 000 texas guardsman did not drill this weekend  vital readiness drills and paychecks these citizen soldiers will…
rt  housedemwomen  ⚡️ as womens history month comes to an end  check out 25 great tweets from the month by dwwg members  like  nitalowey s s…
rt  nytimes  president trump s lawyer said he paid  130 000 to stormy daniels out of his own pocket
great morning with the submarine industrial base council 
rt  snhba   snhba and  nahbhome met with  repjackyrosen for nahb s bringing housing home week  we spoke with the congresswoman about import…
i very much appreciate the advisory committee informing me about what they need  and for their service to our commu…
yavapai county has been designated as a primary natural disaster area due to the recent drought  if you are a farme…
rt  civildefensehi  volcanic activity has paused at all 12 fissures  hazardous fumes continue to be released  recovery info center at sacr…
i m live now with the  officialcbc and other members of congress standing in opposition to the  realdonaldtrump s c…
it was an honor to have received the james o hara leadership award from the committee for education funding  cef    
scott pruitt must go  boot pruitt
up close with  f18  hornets at  mcasmiramarca  heavy use & age means more maintenance but fewer flight hours training
at today s student-led gun control rally at capitol  i put  marcorubio on notice  withdraw your dc gun bill  dc res…
we must honor them and those who survived this horrendous moment in history by never forgetting this tragedy and by…
join me tonight at the  winterparkhs ninth grade center for our 2018 congressional art competition exhibition  5-7…
tired of the chaos  crisis and confusion yet  house democrats are focused on better jobs  better wages and a better…
thanks to the reformed church volunteers for their work collecting goods and money for the food bank at west end st…
thanks to the congressmembers who came by our  dhs  appropriations  member day  hearing today to share their views o…
to our service members and their families who sacrifice so much so that we can live free — thank you …
that s why i have repeatedly introduced a resolution in congress to bring back the office of technology assessment …
i was delighted to speak with jennifer austin this morning about a range of issues affecting our district  watch fo…
the secretary of education must be a champion for all our students – including the more than 50 million who attend…
rt  campaign_purple   replipinski thank you for bringing faith ann rys as your  sotu  guest to raise awareness for me too  rys is a clinical…
icymi  this week i testified in front of the house transportation  housing and urban development subcommittee on ap…
closing the gender pay gap means a better deal for american women  their families  and our economy  equal pay day
guess you can t see the statue of liberty from trump tower   give me your tired  your poor   your huddled masses y…
we need to do a better job at fighting sexual harassment   senwarren and i have introduced the sunlight in workplac…
these figures  and more  can be found in our letter to the american taxpayer 
 our kids now show us what we ve told them america is all about   that our future isn t written for us  but by us  …
grateful for the quick response from  panynj   fdny  &  nypdnews at port authority this morning  i am following the…
americans want action to end gun violence  in fact  97% of gun owners want to see congress require background checks…
on  idahot  - and every day - i m proud to fight inequality and celebrate diversity 
happy to finish some mothers day shopping at one of worcester s many great small biz  big thanks to  shopcrompton…
me uní a 55 de mis colegas en mandarle una carta a  secnielsen para que extienda tps a individuos de honduras  quie…
  epascottpruitt is putting the profits of industry polluters ahead of protecting our air and water …
team castro joined fellow san antonians in the day of reflection ceremony at main plaza celebrating the strength an…
rt  csac_counties  the feds are asking americans for input on whether cannabis should be reclassified under international drugcontrol tre…
synthetic cannabinoids are killing people across il and we need your help to get the word out  the  idph is workin…
today  the supreme court heard arguments to decide the fate of the of president trump s hateful and un-american…
pleased to be able to join you & glad that we were able to extend tax relief for fuel cell energy producers through…
today  i voted in favor of the 2018 omnibus appropriations act so we can fund critical priorities like infrastruct…
exciting collaboration among our civility caucuses – working to revive civility in congress & public discourse duri…
the house chaplain appears to have been fired for arbitrary and capricious reasons  we need answers   speakerryan…
alleged cocaine dealers having a good night in wv campaign results 

the las vegas community  known to some as hawaii s  ninth island  mourns the loss of a trailblazer and true public…
we are dealing with people s lives and families  real people  real lives  real situations that deserve far better t…
according to the office of the u s  trade representative  the u s  has a trade surplus w/ canada  so why does…
right now  i m joining  edworkforcedems for an important subcommittee hearing about addressing our nation s growing…
happy earth day  we must protect and preserve our environment for our children and grandchildren  how are you celeb…
congress at your company visit to  kcp_tweets – working to expand access to kidney care in pinellas and nationwide 
one of my most important jobs is helping constituents get the best results from federal agencies  i m proud of the…
 2/2  once you embrace the idea that it s the role of u s  presidents  you can only imagine what this president wil…
raging bull
sent a letter to deputy ag rosenstein urging him to allow special counsel mueller to continue investigation of the…
i ve asked mr  zuckerberg if aleksandr kogan violated facebook policy when he shared the data he acquired through h…
president trump likes to talk a big game on his crackdown of the opioid epidemic  but that s all it is  talk 
today   housegop is attempting to attempt to force states with strong concealed carry laws to honor concealed carry…
sadly predictable behavior 
the results are in  i just earned a 97% score on the 2017 l c v scorecard  i ll keep fighting to protect our environm…
thank you maine school nutrition association for visiting washington and making sure our kids  and grandkids  have…
   ajitpaifcc denied my request to address the  fcc  he also denied my request  and the requests of members from bo…
rt  waysandmeansgop  excellent w&m health subcommittee hearing today on the opioid crisis  thank you to  govphilscott for testifying about…
rep  jared moskowitz graduated from msdhs in 1999  he said   my teacher s daughter was killed [in the…
 there is something special about that person in another country who says they re prepared to leave it all behind a…
census experts say the citizenship question could lead to millions of people - including legal residents - not part…
congratulations to our young athletes from new mexico who made us all proud with their performances in this year s…
in addition to supporting schools through fundraising & volunteerism  the danville/sycamore valley rotary club reco…
rt  lgbttech    repmikehonda thank you from the lgbtq youth across the nation – you are helping save lives  dont block l g b t q
this week is national small business week  in celebration of the success and impact of small businesses nationally an…
rt  housejuddems  watch it live today at 10am on
rt  nrdems  join us in welcoming  nydiavelazquez to our committee  the new york congresswoman has been a fierce advocate for the people o…
i m also encouraged 2 hear that ag sessions will cont  the legal orientation program while it is under review…
rt  skillscoalition  so heartening to see a better deal platform considers the future of work  number one priority is investing in worker tr…
the loss of life in gaza is unimaginable and the attacks on unarmed protesters is a sight we know all too well  we…
 aca  was an important step toward ensuring every american has access to healthcare but we must work to improve acce…
rt  ohiofoodbanks  thank you for your commitment to protect s n a p   repbeatty 
assad s use of chemical weapons against his own people is reprehensible and i support the administration s decision…
student loan debt levels have exceeded  1 3 trillion  the trump budget will make student loans more expensive  maki…
honoring the life and legacy of dr  martin luther king  jr  today  we must never stop challenging ourselves to do b…
rt  cau  more highlights from the 25th anniversary jazz under the stars with  gaalbright  hbcu  we are c a u  photo credit  curtis mcdowell  ht…
rt  scicmtedems  read ranking member  repebj s opening statement for climate change technology hearing
rt  repjenniffer  with fellow congressman  repdarrensoto participating in the panel  latinos and the future of constructive politics  at  …
president bone spurs decides to single out brave transgender americans who are volunteering to fight for our countr…
very troubling reports about careersource – demands congressional action to protect vital career development progra…
here s the lawsuit we filed last night against  realdonaldtrump s census2020 decision  california simply has too…
we can help prevent future gun violence tragedies by determining those who pose a danger to themselves or others &…
was proud to champion the national violent death reporting system in fy18 omnibus  which raised funding to  23 5 m…
we are at a defining moment in our nation s history  sitting on the sidelines is not an option  that s why i m so p…
6 months ago  president trump initiated a crisis by setting an arbitrary deadline for  daca  with absolutely no plan…
teachers are among our nation s most valuable assets  i m proud to support  repohalleran s resolution calling for r…
welcome to all visitors in south carolina for solar eclipse2017  have fun  be safe and spend money     
rt  officialcbc    naacp
democrats want economy to work for everyday americans  republicans cut taxes for millionaires/billionaires and stuc…
  jctgov on g o p tax scam  by 2027  people making  40 000-50k would pay a combined  5 3 billion more in taxes people…
i understand the dirtiest word in the conservative dictionary is  regulation     but it is clear that following rul…
thank you  legionnh for all you do for our veterans  i enjoyed our conversation about veterans  health care in nh …
when speaking with press this morning  i said tax day is a reminder that the g o p tax scam is another broken promise…
despite overwhelming support for a  daca  solution  the house has not been allowed to vote on this issue  i m proud…
after voting for the reckless g o p tax scam  senator rubio finally admitted what we ve been saying all along  this ab…
rt  adegrandpre  do your thing  twitter  a hospice facility in ny is seeking someone willing/able to visit w/ a veteran patient — age 96 —…
 wandering_ish  sherin87 please call my westchester office  914-699-4100  we d be happy to help 
 hotelkeys yes  and rightly so 
u are right  protect s n a p
•abandoned the  once in  always in  policy that aimed to lock in reductions of hazardous air pollution from industr…
rt  tim_cook  it was an honor to host the c b c tech2020 task force at apple park today for a conversation about diversity in tech  thank you…
 hangrygemini   hangrygemini  i proudly signed on to a resolution today that would reinstate net neutrality 
i am honored to recognize the work of chávez in this congress  i hope we all can reflect this weekend on what we ca…
thank you to the ecumenical advocacy days  annual legislative conference for allowing me to speak with you all abou…
    more than  6 billion for wic – the special supplemental nutrition program for women  infants  and children – wh…
the trump budget proposes to pay for his corporate tax cuts by cutting funding for nursing homes and assisted livin…
open enrollment for health ins  under aca ends in one week  so make sure to log on to and r…
on the 2nd & 4th tuesdays of each month my office holds office hours at the woodbridge town hall  from 9 am to 5 pm…
i would hope the farm bill will take a good look at urban food insecurity  with so many  food-desert  areas  the c…
day 24 of womens history month and  speakerryan continues to ignore our bipartisan effort to push sexual harassment…
i posted a new photo to facebook
the same day that house intelligence committee republicans try to exonerate the president with a deeply partisan re…
rt  capac  happening today   dhsgov is determining whether to extend nepal t p s  historic flooding in 2017 further exacerbated nepal earthq…
thank you to members of the agricultural community who attended the inaugural meeting of the 4th congressional dis…
rt  repesty  you see 7 000 pairs of shoes to represent 7 000 children killed due to gun violence since sandy hook  i see 7 000 birthdays  h…
a flashback to this wednesday during a committee hearing on the so-called unconstitutionality of obama s executive…
rt  nationalnurses   we have a prescription drug pricing crisis where people have to choose between paying bills or getting the prescriptio…
proud to stand in solidarity with the men and women of ibew 1499 at the philips plant in fall river  union strong
thank you  nachc for recognizing me as a 2017 distinguished community health advocate 
happy st  patrick s day 
clean energy must fuel the future  new drilling along america s arctic  atlantic  pacific and gulf coasts will lock…
i have a letter in the  nyt responding to  ticketmaster and  livenation s abuse of their monopoly position  as cons…
1 of 2 pleased to see testimony & bipartisan support for pre- disaster mitigation at our t&i hearing on hurricane response
here are a few more photos from our m l k pilgrimage to tennessee & alabama on the 50th anniversary of dr  king s ass…
my thoughts are with all californians affected  and my sincere thanks to the brave first responders working tireles…
the irs encountered system issues tuesday morning  throughout the system outage  taxpayers were still able to file…
as a physicist  i know all too well the kind of destruction these weapons can inflict on the world   potus should s…
rt  hccchan  celebrating the official opening of our central south campus with our trustees  college president   repalgreen and community l…
i spoke at  cee1983 s luncheon today & recognized their incredible work to provide thousands of underserved student…
bumbling from short-term fix to short-term fix is not only irresponsible  it s dangerous  leaving our nation vulner…
rt  tennessean  what
i posted a new photo to facebook
rt  statmnky  thank you  repjayapal for continuing to engage constituents and hold town halls  so proud to have you represent wa7   orbitr…
on november6  we have a chance to hold trump accountable and elect leaders who will focus on the future  and ameri…
rt  nnubonnie  puerto ricans are still dying six months after hurricane maria    we are the forgotten people   miriam rodiguez lost her h…
this morning  the ramsey county attorney s office announced findings from a first-of-its-kind sexual assault case r…
please join us this tuesday  march 13th at 6 30pm for a temporary protected status  tps  information session  reps…
rt  craigcaplan   cspan  epascottpruitt  i m concerned that you have no idea of what is going on in your name at your agency  -tonko to pru…
proud to commemorate the 70th anniversary of the establishment of the state of israel - our vital ally  a beacon of…
america is stronger and more prosperous when we have decent  affordable homes and stable communities  congress shou…
it was a blast to visit with  bancroftorg s newest autism group home residents in collingswood  during…
we see a culture of corruption on a daily basis from the trump administration  the list goes on and on - w/former hh…
 sinclair forces those trusted local journalists to lend their credibility to shoddy reporting and commentary that …
i m sad to leave the office i ve occupied for decades but am glad to see my dear friend will carry it on  i ll visi…
grateful to my friend  repcarbajal for leading on this effort  it s one of many gun violence protection bills that…
rt  awionline  thank you  repraulgrijalva   repdonbeyer   repdebdingell   repsheaporter   jaredpolis   repmceachin  and  reptedlieu for spo…
delaney joins amicus brief in support of leandra english as acting director of  cfpb 
  carolynlochhead i am calling on calpers  calstrs  and other public retirement funds to divest from any car compan…
rt  ejinaction  new environmental justice act will protect our most vulnerable  honored to work w/  corybooker  congressmanruiz & advocates…
republicans show they are blind to the struggles of working americans  harsh penalties & strict rules target vulner…
i remain inspired by the activism of tucson s students over the weekend at the march for our lives  i hear you  and i…
great conversation with a group from the texas american legion about ensuring that all service members — including…
my facebook live town hall is beginning soon  from the opioid crisis to gun violence  i m going to answer questions…
most disgusting of all  the bill for this windfall for the wealthy will be nearly  2 trillion  americans will have…
enjoyed meeting with representatives from the salinas valley memorial hospital in my washington  dc office today to…
it s been moving & humbling this week to see the brave students from parkland become so active  but the reality is…
sending well wishes to the first lady as she recovers from surgery this week 
rt  aacnpolicy   repbonamici receives aacn s congressional appreciation award in recognition of her commitment to advancing the nursing wor…
good luck to the rockets tonight  run as one
trade is vital to our local economy  w/ ventura county among top 6 regions in california for international trade ac…
my deepest condolences to the family of rep  louise slaughter - my friend  a true public servant and champion for w…
rt  houseadm_dems   repbrady cosponsored vital legislation that restores key protections of voting rights act  read more here 
rt  nilc_org   realdonaldtrump what remains clear is the need for congress to enact a permanent solution to protect dreamers and end the un…
and  with the support of strong educational partnerships  cross-industry collaboration  and outreach  this investme…
given the uncertainty facing this industry in co & across the country  securing banking and recreational marijuana…
it shouldn t be a surprise that in the absence of comprehensive gun reform  these tragedies continue  congress shou…
rt  housesbcdems  for a small business  social media helps to build a brand and get the word out  that s why ranking member  nydiavelazquez…
 repbeatty thank you 
we re working with  vvamerica arizona council to pass the military and veteran caregiver services improvement act …
as we remember dr  martin luther king jr  we must remember his message of social and economic justice  we must also…
great to see you   mabe_news   the crab picture is a must for any  md02  visitors to our dc office   thanks for your…
rt  offkiltershow  watch live  congressman ted lieu of california joins off-kilter live at the 2018 cap ideas conference to discuss th… htt…
from changing jobs and schools  to moving across the country  military families put country before self too   ne02… 
rt  washingtonpost   this epidemic should have stopped with us   columbine survivor tells student protesters at u s  capitol
when it comes to for-profit colleges cheating students  we know where secretary  betsydevosed stands  her actions a…
 phillydotcom brighter future for our children = brighter future for philly   merry christmas & happy new year  
rt  repcicilline  democrats have a real plan to give people a better deal through investing in our workers & reprioritizing groundbreaking r…
rt  csgv    repcarbajal  i never thought i would be proud to say that i got an f  until i got an f from the  nra  gunviolence gunsense ht…
thank you to  repcurbelo and my republican colleagues for demonstrating true leadership today  this is yet another…
congressman hank johnson announces 2018 congressional art competition 
the new fcc chairman fulfilled his vow to eliminate the 2015 open internet order which enshrined net neutrality pro…
 knowledge is power  we have to educate kids about the dangers of addiction before it becomes a problem    drphil…
making government work for you is core to my job  if you need help with veterans  benefits  stalled tax refunds  or…
has  epascottpruitt ever seen a conflict of interest that he didn t want to take advantage of  he s under seven fed…
happy 106th birthday to the  girlscouts  let s celebrate the organization that helps build strong  confident girls …
in solidarity w/ standing rock sioux tribe effort to halt dakota access pipeline   nodapl  water is life standing rock
need affordable health insurance  enroll in nov 1 - dec 15  questions  1-800-318-2596 or…
please read the ap story on my trip to el salvador to continue our efforts to bring my constituent  jose escobar  h…
i d love to see you there  we re going to be in trenton in the patriots theater at the war memorial starting at 2 3…
trump s top economic adviser just practically bragged that the republican tax scam will exert  downward pressure on…
thank you to all who participated in this week s  nmqfsummit2018   our conversations will help lead to real solution…
happening now   epa administrator pruitt facing questions from house appropriations committee mepolitics
i had the privilege of beginning my career in public service alongside louise  her brilliance  wit  dedication  and…
rt  gwululac   it can t just be a tweet  or a facebook post  it takes continual effort to make change  if you don t vote and you don t spea…
staff office hrs in w tisbury tomorrow & on nantucket next monday  stop by for help w/federal issues or call hyanni…
rt  whitehouse   we will begin to normalize relations between our two countries   —president obama cuba policy
in 1981  space shuttle columbia became the first shuttle to reach space  today  we continue to push the boundaries…
 ingrahamangle attacks california for suing trump administration  fails to mention that california usually wins  b…
rt  kelliemeyernews    peterwelch pushes  speakerryan to hold a vote on net neutrality to see where lawmakers stand   wcax
climate change is the challenge of our time  rather than bury our heads in the sand  we need to confront it head on 
rt  juliancastro  some badhombres from texas ready to help elect  hillaryclinton    joaquincastrotx  lloyddoggetttx  mayoradler
the g o p tax scam was not written for middle-class workers 
just one member derailed the good work of the foreign affairs committee  all to advance an anti-women s agenda  i h…
paid leave affects every american  let s move toward a standardized policy that gives all workers the assurance tha…
the process of this rescissions package goes beyond the pale in bypassing the appropriations committee entirely to…
rt  phlcouncil    repbrady  at last  philly has a parade to honor its veterans
affordable housing is essential to creating strong  sustainable  and inclusive communities in ventura county  this…
medical professionals who abuse their position of trust and fuel the opioid epidemic for profit will be held respo…
massive fires in or have tremendously degraded air quality - learn how to protect yourself and your family here 
soon  joining  senamyklobuchar and  sallyqyates at c a p ideas to discuss what we can do in the face of attacks on ou…
rt  binayshah  schd18 day 1 debate moderators and panelists  michellekiro7  repadamsmith  vinayprasadmd  chadinabhan  drgwennichols don ha…
thank you to members of the diamond state port corporation board for their vote today to approve this agreement wit…
third party data collection without regulation must stop  and i look forward to hearing mark zuckerberg s testimony…
thousands of teachers from across north carolina have descended upon the streets of raleigh  to all the teachers…
wow  an internal department of labor analysis found that its proposed tip rule would cost restaurant workers billio…
rt  repjoekennedy  no student should walk into their school afraid to be their true selves because of government sponsored discrimination …
here s an idea  how about we talk about funding our public schools and bringing down health care costs instead of a…
americans disappointed by today s  fisa  vote should remember that  while section702 reform did not pass  it was de…
my message to the families is that despite how this president treats hispanics in puerto rico tennessee and everywh…
my next guest on the offthecuff podcast will be  repadamschiff to talk about the ongoing trump russia investigatio…
leader pelosi has been speaking on the house floor for over four hours  reading letters from dreamers and demanding…
today  repdonbeyer & i are leading 87 representatives in calling on scott pruitt to reinstate  epa s longstanding t…
i m honored to serve the people of new jersey s fifth district and work across the aisle to solve problems  lower t…
while  housegop has passed special interest bills  they have refused to bring up key bills that americans support & would help millions  1/
trump s decision to expel 60k hondurans has nothing to do with economy  safety  or rule of law  in fact  it will h…
pulling out of iran deal with no plan b makes conflict with iran more likely and means that america can t be counte…
after six months  we have passed trump s cruel cutoff and done nothing   housegop has stopped dead every single ini…
proud to join these young people during national walkout day outside the capitol  we need to bring an end…
rt  housejuddems  reminder  join us  tomorrow for the following hearings  1⃣ net neutrality 2⃣  hr490  3⃣  realdonaldtrump admin immigrat…
i m very proud of the allderdice team – good luck at nationals 
today   senatorbaldwin & i sent a letter to the  ssa  expressing concerns about the closure of mke s only southside…
polluting pruitt s time at epa has been mired with secrecy  waste of taxpayer  s and widespread conflicts of intere…
we have an opportunity to help ease the pain many of our veterans are living with while also addressing the over-pr…
republican conspiracy theorists keep talking about so-called secret society out to get 45  is that the same group t…
today i join with californians and americans everywhere to celebrate cesar chavez day  his leadership on civil righ…
today my staff is hosting  az01  mobile office hours in show low and globe  come get answers to your questions about…
    for millions of middle-class and moderate-income families  3/
joining  houseforeign  hfacdemocrats hearing this morning on confronting the iranian challenge 
rt  spinabifidaassn  thank you  repkihuen 
 i want to commemorate the anniversary not of another shooting at another school  but real action on capitol hill  …
during this snowmaggeddon  please stay safe & warm south jersey  helpful power outage tracker  with numbers to c…
happy thanksgiving  while we have much to be thankful for in our country  it is a time to remember those who may b…
it s national library week  libraries are critical to the communities they serve and i m always happy to assist them…
rt  jobsformn   right here in minnesota  we have the resources and capacity – better than perhaps anywhere in the world – to mine these str…
rt  roslehtinen  this nat l foster care month  i m joining  repjohnlewis on bill 2 allow qualified   devoted  lgbt  parents give a safe   st…
happy to celebrate the opening of a new  wawa in upper darby  great to see new jobs for local residents 
for 70 years  israelis have had to defend their country from many enemies looking to destroy its very existence  on…
small businesses are a vital part of our economy  remember to shopsmall this holiday season 
  epascottpruitt is the one of the most corrupt cabinet members that  realdonaldtrump has — and that s saying somet…
all americans will pay more for less under trumpcare  five key takeaways   1/6 
our c b c tech2020 tech talk is happening now  tune in to learn more about our smart principles for creating an inclu…
once again   realdonaldtrump gambles with foreign policy against the advice of experts around the world & in his ca…
rt  rickintlairport  continuing to collaborate and discuss infrastructure is important for our region  thank you  repbeatty and  repstevest…
i heard  realdonaldtrump s response to the allegations against rob porter  noticeably absent was any mention of the…
i posted a new photo to facebook
watch live   housedemocrats weekly press conference  👇
i learned how to program one of the robots to execute an automated process  this type of automation helps industrie…
rt  nicholsuprising   as the people s elected representatives  we stand willing to carry out our constitutional duty to debate and vote on…
i led more than 200 of my colleagues in sending a letter to  secazar opposing a proposed title x domestic gag rule …
never forget  boko haram sends young girls on suicide bomb missions   bbog 
the job center s programs will help train and develop individuals in in the health care and  manufacturing pipeline…
not only have house republicans failed to act  they have made our laws even less safe  just last week  they passed…
rt  hardball  how are the us virgin islands handling irma relief and recovery efforts  we ll talk to  staceyplaskett  hardball
 marrying her  is a portrait of a bride surrounded by her future  this work of art is by savina from  albacademy …
  gop leaders are trying to sneak several harmful provisions into a must-pass budget bill – provisions that would i…
after spending  2 trillion on tax cuts for corporations and the wealthy  it seems especially cruel the…
wishing a happy passover to all who are celebrating today 
father conroy rescinds resignation  speaker ryan caves  house chaplain is back  religious liberty prevails resist
rt  thebeatdc  congresswomen  normajtorres and  reproybalallard have teamed up on a new bill to keep children of detained or deported paren…
thanks to everyone who took part in my telephone town hall tonight  listening to you is my most important job 
 thecaptainaidan you are loved  be strong 
trump cuts will mean that more children will go to bed hungry  for 1 7m new yorkers   snap  helps put food on the ta…
who knew 
introducing the new democracy reform task force website  the task force is confronting…
this afternoon  i m leading  appropsdems at a hearing with  epascottpruitt  we will demand answers about his repeat…
i m hearing from constituents who are seeing their taxes go up under the g o p tax scam  the more people look at these…
i will continue to advocate for strong buy america requirements to support national defense and dedicated workers 
rt  repbillfoster  the farm bill used to be a bipartisan piece of legislation  but now it has turned into an attack on families in america…
i was delighted to christen and become godmother of  potomac water taxi ii  at the wharf  ensuring our region stays…
thank you  cleanenergymn for stopping by  more than 57 000 minnesotans are employed in our expanding clean energy s…
honored to join the monument crisis center s annual  growing as a community  resource fair in concord to help provi…
we must permanently fund cost-sharing subsidies that help families afford critical care like doctor visits and medications protect our care
rt  hispaniccaucus  the  hispaniccaucus is committed to protecting an accurate 2020census from being subverted for political purposes  th…
i m talking to dan rea on wbz newsradio tonight at 8pm  i look forward to taking your calls  tune in to 1030am or l…
this national police week  my thanks go out to members of law enforcement agencies who serve with distinction  brav…
tell me something i don t know  hardball with chris matthews big guns gun lobby guns second amendment
i had a great meeting this morning with the mayor of freeport  jodi miller  we discussed the importance of strength…
rt  oversightdems    repcummings  republicans have blocked every single request we ve made to issue a subpoena during the trump admin- mor…
36 million middle class working families will see tax increases under the g o p tax plan
rt  repcohen  the rule of law is as american as baseball  don t let presidents put selves  families or members of their administrations &ca…
thank you  sarahhayden_da for highlighting the work of the young and talented artists in our district  i look forw…
as a former professor  i understand how difficult and rewarding being an educator can be  thank you to all of you w…
pleased that judge morin dropped this case after i expressed concerns ab the threat it posed to freedomofspeech 
family farmers  producers  and ranchers are still reeling from president trump s reckless brinksmanship on tariffs …
on yom ha zikaron  israel s memorial day  we reflect on & honor the sacrifice of the brave israeli soldiers who  for…
if you read one thing today to help decide whom to vote for  please read this post on bmg  masen
enjoyed spending time with all of you at the  iunorthwest new arts & science building  thank you to chancellor and…
friends don t let friends go without health insurance  get covered before open enrollment ends on december 15 
transgender americans are serving courageously  pleased to see the court continue to block this ban  this ban is a…
rt  keithellison  thank you to the teachers of minnesota s fifth district and around the country who are educating the next generation  we…
i am pleased that congress came together to reauthorize crucial firefighter grants  fire departments in northwest i…
delaney legislation to help veterans passes financial services committee
the amazing  sharp-tongued yet charming and brilliant former chair of the rules committee   replouise has left us …
 here is the bottom line  if our desire is for peace&stability in syria & to mitigate the suffering of the syrian p…
it repeals the adoption credit  which gives a break to families who accept children into their homes and lives
 darkness cannot drive out darkness  only light can do that  hate cannot drive out hate  only love can do that   - mlk jr 
trump s fcc is threatening a free & open internet  we are fighting back with legislation that would…
house gun violence prevention tf chair & vice chairs urge atf to designate bump stocks as prohibited accessories…
while big corporations and republicans  wealthy donors get huge tax breaks  the g o p tax scam will raise taxes on 86…
today  to mark the beginning of national parks week  the  nps  is hosting fee free day  all national parks  includin…
rt  texastribune  a nurse from katy is suing customs and border protection after the agency took  41 000 in cash from her six months ago  a…
rt  ahla  we commend  repmarktakai on his leadership to try to repeal per diem rate cuts to improve pentagon s travel policies
i agree with  marcorubio -- the g o p tax scam benefits corporations  not working families 
if  houseagnews never intended for  housedemocrats to have a voice in 2018 farm bill and  housegop always planned to…
rt  vetaffairsdems  that s right  it s time  deptvetaffairs research the benefits of medicalmarijuana for veterans suffering from  ptsd  &…
so proud of these incredible students  when it comes to gun violence in our country -- enough is enough  young peopl…
the  officialcbc is again offering an alternative budget to the g o p budget 
saddened by the news louise slaughter has passed away after more than 30 years of serving the nation and her distri…
every wednesday my office holds office hours at the jankowski community center in perth amboy from 9 am to 5 pm  st…
so  it s not accurate to say that  congress  is unwilling to pass legislation to prevent gun violence  one party…
no serious injuries have been reported  but i hope my colleagues and all those involved in this accident are safe 
second   epa s proposal attempts to artificially narrow its regulatory authority under the clean air act  and runs…
ty to the polynesian voyaging society and all those supporting the hokulea on their world wide voyage 
in case you missed it  a lovely photo essay on some of the chibok girls four years after their abduction by…
rep   gkbutterfield  happy birthday  thank you for your work helping to bring resources to my hometown of flint 
despite bipartisan support for  daca  solution   speakerryan has prevented vote  dreamers have been left up in air f…
congrats to the next  ucf president   adalewhittaker1  i look forward to working with you to support students and t…
stakes are too high  10/14 is last day to register to vote in nyc  make your voice heard  votingrights
i released the following statement following president trump s  sotu  last night 
my bill  the gun violence research act  would lift the ban on cdc research  give us a vote  speakerryan  do your job disarm hate gun vote
rt  ramonadunn14  missouri principals were honored to meet with representative emanuel cleaver today  we appreciate your time and thank you…
what i told mnuchin  mattis says us has 2  fundamental powers  the power of intimidation and the power of inspirat…
 now president trump has ceded the moral high ground    iran will be able to resume its nuclear activities without…
watch on periscope  house democrats hold press conference with vice president biden to call on republicans to do t…
it s been exactly one year since  realdonaldtrump fired fbi director comey as part of his effort to meddle in the r…
we cannot abide the trump administration s vicious attacks on  lqbtq  students  this is why i strongly support the…
doing so is in the interest of workers and consumers in all three countries  3/3  nafta  view my full stmt here
the so-called  p r o s p e r act  from congressional republicans would result in students having to borrow more & pay mor…
it s important that you vote tomorrow  click here to find your polling place   ca26 
rt  repcohen   we must always take sides  neutrality helps the oppressor  never the victim -elie wiesel  holocaust remembrance day is a day…
recently   betsydevosed & congressional republicans have criticized and wrongly blamed the 2014 guidance for increa…
wonderful to meet with  uconn exchange students from southeast asia in washington yesterday who are participating i…
the g o p tax scam favors the wealthy and well-connected in colorado and other states  across the country  people at t…
we need to prioritize the investments in our teachers and schools to ensure that teachers are equipped with the res…
barbara bush was a wonderful woman  my thoughts and prayers are with the entire bush family 
i am horrified by the tragic wounding & killing of palestinian protesters in gaza last friday  attacks on peaceful…
rt  climatecost  we couldn t agree more   repmikehonda  senmarkey by would love to see this oped in an american paper 
the iran deal is working  and the middle east and the entire world are much safer for it  i join the leaders of ger…
talking civility  respect and the golden rule with  repstevestivers at  colsschforgirls  great start to the week …
james shaw jr  had the incredible courage to disarm a shooter carrying an assault rifle  this is a decision that no…
tribes from across the us are converging in dc this week to tell their stories through the  ncai1944  tonight  wa s…
did free college save this city 
rt  readyontario  in light of the rain storm expected to bring 2-3 inches of rain on thursday  the  cityofontario is offering free sandbags…
the families who lost loved ones on february 14 at msd are turning their pain into action  they are supporting a fe…
january 22  2018 – italy high school  italy  texas photo   nbcdfw 9/19
rt  david_njbiz  fda commissioner  gottheimer meet on ways to help biopharma industry  sgottliebfda  fda  repjos…
rt  repswalwell  flashback friday to 1971  when 18 y/os got the right to vote  young people have shaped the nation since  let s keep that g…
one simple thing we can do to pay for a real infrastructure plan  raise the corporate rate from 21% to 23%  still a…
rt  energycommerce  a year ago today  president trump signed away your privacy rights by giving your internet service provider control of y…
airline passengers should to be treated with dignity and have a reliable advocate if and when they need one  an avi…
teachers  cops  firefighters  social workers  these are good careers that do good in our communities  but the mid…
shirley chisholm first black woman elected to congress  under the slogan  unbought and unbossed   a strong advocate…
a budget is a reflection of our values and the trump budget makes it clear  realdonaldtrump values tax cuts for gia…
rt  repraskin  proudly brandishing my  f  rating from the nra which translates into an  a  from the majority of americans who want a univer…
we should reflect on how far we have come  but also recommit to working to ensure that all can achieve the americandream   a a p i heritage month
rt  raytownschools   repcleaver visited raytown high as part of his high school tour to talk to students from raytown high and  rqssouthhig…
tune in as i provide an update on our work in congress this week to address the trump administration s proposed rol…
this week is mental illness awareness week  join me in raising awareness to end the stigma   miaw2016  endthe stigma…
have a happy and blessed easter 
fyi  national park service is hosting an open house about historic civil rights related sites…
  housegop pretends their 2018 farm bill helps poor families  but when confronted with tough questions  all we heard…
proud to support the  steelworkers from philadelphia energy solutions and monroe energy  philadelphia and delco ref…
this competition showcased the incredible creativity and talent of high school students throughout the…
when people ask me what we are fighting for  the answer is always the same  the safety & well-being of america s ch…
rt  peoplefor  rep   rosadelauro  scott lloyd is not a doctor  he is not a medical professional  he is not a psychiatrist  he is not a coun…
rt  repteddeutch  last night  our community stood together with the mourning families  now  we must turn our thoughts and prayers into acti…
we must redouble our efforts to fight for women s rights and gender equality  international womens day
this womens history month  i want to recognize women in lowell   ma who have a long tradition of breaking the mold …
we are facing an upcoming vote in the house on a partisan farm bill that is both bad policy and divides us even fur…
icymi - we still don t know exactly when the g line will open but this is good news and a step forward 
reveal is awesome  second best podcast ever   after mine  we the pocast   here s a phenomenal follow-up episode o…
congratulations to  madeinnyc on your 15th anniversary  your support and advocacy of manufacturing in nyc with the…
rt  nancyscola  video s now up of last week s  ai and the america worker  panel with  byron_auguste   repjohndelaney   reppeteolson  and  o…
  realdonaldtrump  no you re not --&gt 
  versummaterials and  entegris are innovative arizona small businesses  together  we re helping arizona schools an…
according to a 2015 us transgender survey  47% of transgender people are sexually assaulted 
join me in thanking  govmurphy & assemblywoman  pamlampitt1 for their leadership in expanding paidsickleave in  nj… 
the values of the trump budget are as out of whack as the budget deficits he is driving up 
no matter who wins this poll  the contest that counts is coming up this saturday  best of luck to  du_hockey as our…
had a fantastic time yesterday morning giving the  ctnpalliance   metrohartford  and  necouncil a legislative updat…
healdsburg  additional evacuation advisory for northern healdsburg reply with a friend s   to forward
are you a high school student interested in attending one of the united states military service academies  our offi…
granite staters can t afford to procrastinate  december 15th will be the final deadline to sign up for a 2018 plan  nhpolitics
congrats to mill city on an  8 million grant to repair the north santiam river bridge  improve roads & bicycle-pede…
today is national prescription drug take-back day  disposing of old or expired prescription drugs can help prevent…
the first earth day was in 1970  since then  we have made significant progress in cleaning up our air and water  a…
rt  bermudapremier  attended a meeting hosted by rep  g k butterfield  with rep  james clyburn  rep  yvette clarke  rep  sheila jackson  de…
i filed a comment to  betsydevosed opposing  usedgov s delay of equity in idea  which seeks to address disparities…
brave women taking back the power and dignity stolen from them  justice
students from baltimore  calverthall participated in an exhibition debate on gun rights here on capitol hill yeste…
welcome to neohio baker  i m so pumped to have you with the browns  let s go all the way 
if your daca expired on or after september 5  2016  you may submit a daca renewal application  apply with uscis →
tacoma is a finalist for the 2018  allamericacity award from the national civic league  i m glad to see more folks…
i would like to commend each of these 18 gop colleagues for their incredible sense of humor 
we do need to lower the price of prescription drugs  we also need to enact medicare for all 
congratulations to all the vintners and growers for another incredible start to signature sonoma valley  this great…
walked with members of zeta phi beta sorority at the suffolk march for babies this morning
congrats to our national champion duluth bulldogs 
i was honored to speak on the  housefloor encouraging the passage of the veterans cemetery benefit correction act  …
congratulations to my friend  repmarcykaptur on becoming the longest-serving woman in u s  house of reps history  f…
i d like to thank the folks at  ptdefiancezoo for the great update on their new aquarium and their policy prioritie…
i applaud  nycmayor s  4 3 mil investment to encourage nyc residents to participate in the 2020 census  it is criti…
a free press is a vital component of our democracy  on world press freedom day and every day  i thank the hardworking…
rt  repbillfoster    realdonaldtrump has denied the science of climatechange and let  epascottpruitt gut environmental regulations  it s d…
macra was a bipartisan effort that mitigated recurring threats of draconian medicare cuts  but  we must not ignore…
our 2018 summer set d c lunchtime music series kicks off today at 12pm on the national mall  have lunch while listeni…
rt  utahdinebikeyah   reprubengallego talking about his experience this weekend in bears ears  while also informing locals of his bill to r…
as the dem lead on the 2013 violence against women act reauthorization  i often reflect on  housegop s fight to excl…
i posted a new photo to facebook
the flint water crisis can t be allowed to happen elsewhere  remember the trillion    infrastructure promise from…
it was a pleasure meeting with the bright young organizers of  march4livesnyc  they are tirelessly working to rid w…
affordable housing makes our communities stronger  we must continue to work to make affordable housing a reality fo…
excited to be a new member of the congressional autism caucus and work with my colleagues this month to…
saw this great trump/pence sign in austin 
had a great meeting last week with victor gregoire  the new regional ambassador for the  michaeljfoxorg for parkins…
polluting pruitt s epa actions come from another nefarious industry s playbook  big tobacco  for years  tobacco com…
wishing all of our students in the st  thomas/ st  john district a safe and productive first day back to school  v istrong
it is not too late to sign up for tonight s telephone town hall  to join  send your name and phone number to kilmer…
thank you  repteddeutch for organizing today s meeting with marjory stoneman douglas students to discuss meaningful…
reminder  please listen to first responders if any evacuations are ordered  and please stay safe 
rt  thinkprogress  nra defends grant to 4-person marksmanship team that included parkland shooting suspect
as co-chair of the cong  tech transfer caucus  was pleased to participate in a lunch briefing today focused on prom…
keep your hands off our state and local tax deduction   ny03 
rt  kelmej    nitalowey rips into food box proposal to replace some snap benefits   i wouldn t want to have to depend on a box of nonperish…
the democracy reform task force has introduced a strong legislative agenda that puts the public interest squarely a…
join rep  cicilline and more than 40 service providers on thursday  may 3rd at his senior resources fair in east pr…
when women make history  america moves forward  congratulations  repmarcykaptur on becoming the longest-serving wom…
on holocaust remembrance day we remember & honor the survivors & victims of this horrific genocide & join together t…
rt  greenforall  thank you  repmceachin   repjayapal &  repbarragan for your leadership in fighting for environmental justice and calling o…
congrats to team u s a on winning their 100th all-time winter olympics gold medal  💯🥇🇺🇸 2018 olympics
rt  housejuddems  the time to take action to strengthen our gun laws is overdue   repgoodlatte   housejuddems are ready to work with you to…
rt  mattverghese  what a good looking office  team brown
rt  patrickecook  our  middlesex_cc leadership students celebrating  lowellwomenswk with  nikiinthehouse  eileendonoghue bedford lowell…
rt  commoncause  kicking off now  our fair maps briefing with  replowenthal  d-ca  &  reprodblum  r-ia   commoncause &  commoncausepa s  mi…
i agree w/ many americans  congress shouldn t get paid if we don t fulfill our basic responsibilities of passing a…
rt if you think prioritizing gun industry profits over public safety - our safety - is just about the farthest thin…
rt  fredhutch    repdelbene joins fred hutch director dr  gary gilliland and special guests for an update on  nih funding for cancer resear…
rt  dongenergyus  thomas bostrom  gm  dongenergyus wind inc   &  usrepkeating show support for offshorewind in  ma  on survey vessel
great meeting with the  nwdefense and touring the ran-tech engineering and aerospace facility today  thanks for sup…
rt  gjneher   what i m desperate for is for everyone to not go to their corners and have the same conversation we always have that gets us…
 timkmak  byrontau  swin24  b_fung i think  reprokhanna and i may need to take one of these too 
a plurality—42%–think the tax cuts favor the wealthy most of all  only 29 6% say they favor the working and middle…
my thoughts and condolences are with the entire bush family  barbara was a model of strength and grace to the country  she will be missed 
rt  franchising411  thanks to  repdwightevans for asking how franchise disclosure document registration can be made easier at the house sma…
rt  aicaucus  read  aicaucus founder  repjohndelaney  s op-ed on the future of ai act
rt  splcenter  living wages  educational equity  an end to mass incarceration  a single-payer healthcare system  protection for the right t…
an obama-era program offered loan forgiveness to students defrauded by for-profit colleges   betsydevosed  who has…
privatizing puerto rico s prisons will rip families apart and perpetuate inequality  that s why i joined  senwarren…
if you need assistance navigating an issue with a federal agency  team carson can help you  my office will be hosti…
rt  42gnome   alangrayson  davethetrumpetr you have excellent taste  sir 
many thanks to  americanlegion post 569 for its continued efforts to help our veterans in fort worth   tx33  honored to be here today 
day 14 of womens history month -  speakerryan we are nearly halfway through the month and still no action from washi…
 youthbuildphl  wordpressdotcom
met with city and county officials in turner today to help find a solution for flood insurance issues 
 each time a woman stands up for herself  without knowing it possibly  without claiming it  she stands up for all w…
for 50 years   projectbread s walk for hunger has not only raised awareness about challenges of hunger facing ma fam…
no new gop members on the discharge petition tonight  stand with dreamers 
sexual assault awareness month may have just ended  but the work continues  it s why i intro d & am still fighting fo…
remember when gop promised that giving massive tax cuts to the richest americans & corporations would pay for itsel…
disarm hate
what the president tweeted this morning is hate speech  pure and simple  they fall far below what we should expect…
the republicans  partisan health care package will not undo the years of intentional sabotage they have inflicted o…
trump s call  through his lawyer  to shut down mueller comes after news he is probing ties between trump s business…
thanks  nytimes for shedding light on how women are underrepresented in leadership positions   my bill  the gender…
rt  repkclark  i will never forget watching as the  housegop celebrated passing trumpcare – a vote which caused families across the countr…
rt  texastribune  new in tribtalk  preserving texas and american culture  one vote at a time 
we need creativity as we confront the many dangerous trump challenges  a t x hackathon
congratulations to  fresnozoo for its new addition  betty lou  a masai giraffe  she is the first masai giraffe to…
the vast majority of people who come into contact with law enforcement are not lawyers  people know they have righ…
rt  timtakestime  congrats to the progressive veterans who won their congressional campaigns    berniesanders-endorsed  tammyforil  brownfo…
rt  reptedlieu  democrats have repeatedly called for investigations into the trump admin s culture of corruption  unfortunately  the gop-con…
 replujangrisham   repgutierrez   repgrijalvacs  and me waiting to speak to  senschumer dream act n o w 🗣🗣🗣
rt  repcohen  i ll be on  cnn w/ wolfblitzer at 1 35pmet/12 35pmct to discuss pruitt corruption at the  epa  &the effort to boot pruitt  the…
marching at the tucson march for our lives
rt  homelanddems  hearing on  tsa & its public outreach about to begin with  repbonnie video & more info ---------------------&gt 
rt  airqualityasia  welcome to the airqualityasia high-level strategy session  thank you to hon mj nolan  ireland  hon   loren_legarda  the…
7 000 pairs of shoes representing 7 000 lives cut short and 7 000 families whose worlds will never be the same…
san mateo county has one of the lowest crime rates in the country  due in part to the outstanding service of our la…
rt  480primrose  our city librarian met with  reprokhanna for national library legislative day  and more are on the schedule  we appreciate…
rt  repbillfoster  four years later  the families in flint  michigan still do not have access to clean drinking water  we must make the inv…
equal pay day falls on apr  10 this year  the 100th day of 2018  symbolizing the 100 extra days the average american…
as french president macron said in his address to congress last week   we have no planet b   in  sunsentinel…
detective connie van putten brings professional & personal passion to her work keeping our community safe  with dec…
rt  cancercare4all  many health plans require patients to pay higher coinsurance for oral cancer medicines   hr1409  oralparity  replancenj…
rt  housedemocrats  house democrats joined thousands of students for the national school walkout to demand action to end gun violence  we sta…
proud to join more than 180 of my colleagues in demanding  potus  end the outsourcing of jobs as  nafta  negotiations…
in case you missed it over the holidays  president trump made it very clear who the tax bill is for  his wealthy fr…
a meeting this morning in washington with illinois  fop  members took on a different tone following the death of chi…
rt  lcvoters  we appreciate you speaking out and leading the fight against yucca mountain   repjackyrosen 
on vietnam veterans day we celebrate and honor all of our vietnam veterans  who served honorably and courageously …
diversity makes us stronger and it makes our tech companies more competitive and profitable  i stand with the…
my thoughts and prayers are with my colleagues  their families  and staff after the accident in virginia 
according to  cdcgov  1 in every 5 women and 1 in every 71 men have experienced rape in their lifetime  we must do…
proud to stand with  circimmigrant and dreamers  they are americans in their hearts but not on paper  we are workin…
back to back meetings this afternoon between votes  i met with representatives from the institute for integrative n…
i m live on facebook now answering questions  join here 
a great piece by the  nytimes  g o p tax scam is unpopular  even the president knows that it s not resonating with his…
since january 2017  president trump and congressional republicans have been waging a war americans  health care 
today   realdonaldtrump met in the oval office with saudi crown prince mohammad bin salman  he should have told the…
i never thought that i would witness the dismantling of the checks and balances of our country  and i never imagine…
don t worry…you ll have many more quotes like this on the house floor soon 
rt  officialcbc  last night  rep   sanfordbishop spoke on the house floor about his alma mater  morehouse  which is one of nine h b c us cele…
our community has made great strides in breaking down barriers and making progress and we must continue this legacy  a a p i heritage month
the lack of proper access to quality health care can have serious consequences for our minority communities  this n…
the  cityoflaredotx and i met with the  usdotfra to discuss improving railways in the district
unarmed black men continue to be gunned down by police across the nation  the long congressional silence has been h…
i hope everyone in georgia is in a safe place during this dangerous weather  we have to look out for each other 
rt  bothell_kenmore    repdelbene   kenmorewa mayor baker visit  marysplacewa northshore 
using the incredible legacy of the irish immigration experience as inspiration  the  iiicenter has opened its arm…
i commend these teachers and their tireless efforts and collective action to better their lives and the lives of th…
this bill makes clear that the  cdcgov can study gunviolence as a publichealth issue  there is still more work to…
yesterday the new england delegation met with eric rosengren  president of  bostonfed to discuss the 2018 outlook o…
house republicans trumpcare vote 
the only way the g o p tax scam is pulling diverse voices together is in opposition to this bill  which will hammer th…
i joined the douglas county district court today for the opening ceremony of the first veterans treatment court in…
rt  charliecookdc  make no mistake about it  when a party holds the white house and majorities in both the house and senate  they  own  any…
  speakerryan promised multinational corporations would create new jobs and give their employees raises  instead …
all communities benefit from  snap   it s a critical program that 40 million americans count on to lift themselves f…
trump cares for no one  not cabinet members  not staffers  not michael cohen  not     oh i m wrong     he cares for…
445k ppl died of malaria in 2016  all of these deaths were preventable  in 2002  i helped establish the…
congratulations to kevin corbett for being confirmed as  njtransit s new executive director  i m here to help with…
deadline  midnight tomorrow - you can apply for housing choice voucher interest list for  fresnocountyca &…
thank you  tigresdelnorte for highlighting the plight of immigrants and the people trapped in our flawed criminal j…
happening now  members of congress are joining national walkout day to stand in solidarity w/ students across the co…
the trump admin is ignoring research and the needs of young people by favoring abstinence only programs  if we want…
agree 100%  the house version is h r  3564  which i introduced in august 2017  and has more than 140 cosponsors …
on the house floor to speak about the tax bill being debated across the capitol in the senate  watch here 
rt  housebluedogs  we have a responsibility to support the folks who provide our food & the clothes on our back  as farmers are in the mids…
republican tax plan has passed  terrible for new york  terrible for long island and terrible for queens  i will fig…
thank you  napaba for dropping in and speaking with me about immigration issues  recognizing chinese american ww2…
 todayshow  nbcnews / simmie knox was commissioned to create this historic portrait & also the official clintons portrait
when we face another recession  the extreme balanced budget amendment proposed by  speakerryan &  housegop will cau…
robert mueller s investigation must continue without obstruction   speakerryan should bring a bill to the floor tod…
 even in times of disagreement   speakerryan stuck to his principles w/o being disagreeable   i hope that in his r…
i look forward to continuing to work with the house armed services committee in my remaining time in congress to se…
  vp  we don t need a wasteful wall or divisive  anti-immigrant policies  we need real comprehensive and humane imm…
obama drew criticism on syria by declaring a redline  then being unable to enforce it  having no consensus from con…
proud to stand w/ repjoecrowley & colleagues in support of the bipartisan resolution  h res 856  in support of chap…
it was my privilege to host today s home buying workshop for veterans and eligible dependents w/  varepnational 
cooper calls to limit congressional pay if government shuts down i cosponsored this bill early last year  never mo…
read and listen to my full remarks at the congressional forum this week on challenges deported u s  veterans face …
rt  rebleber  dem rep tonko brings up this report that nancy beck warned about industry interests being hurt by pruitt s new science reg  h…
58 years ago today  they sat so that one day  we could stand  our story black history month
without a free and open internet  your ability to connect with your friends  family  employers  and entertainment c…
rt  ssnalerts    repstephmurphy s  mike kelly s bill cracking down on fraudulent charities clears the house  s s nal…
as situation in alexandria develops  my prayers for a speedy recovery are with rep   stevescalise  our capitol police  and staffers 
rt  officialcbc  today at 11 30 am et  the cbc will introduce the jobsand justice act  omnibus legislation that would  if passed  increase…
trump s cabinet has made a mockery of public service  it s time for this administration to start appointing agency…
50 years ago today  dr  martin luther king jr  was senselessly taken from us at a motel in memphis  we will never f…
i m sorry you feel that way about our brave veterans getting the benefits that they ve earned 
misión cumplida  con puerto rico y con mi conciencia  aprobada promesa
it s unacceptable our  oef   oif   ond  warfighters still can t get adequate mental health care  my colleagues and i o…
check out today s  pendailynews story about how blue heron middle school students are flying right into the future…
 dyk  6 of  realdonaldtrump s cabinet secretaries are being investigated for abusing taxpayer💰  trump s  whitehouse…
today  i am remembering 1963 and the march on washington for equality of african americans  thank you to all those who fight for the dream 
rt  edworkforcedems  this morning  ranking member  bobbyscott met with  calstate chancellor tim white to talk about highered priorities th…
attention high school students  the deadline to enter the 2018 congressional art competition is wednesday  april 11…
rt  replawrence  conversation between two greats in congress   repjohnconyers  cbrangel
putin attacks american democracy  poisons an adversary on british soil and backs syrian dictator who massacres his…
rt  repcarbajal  saddened by the loss of  louiseslaughter  a colleague whom i greatly admired as a champion for women s health & the scienc…
this morning i joined  senwarren   senmarkey   jonmitchellnb and members of the new bedford fishing community to di…
farming is public service and we should treat it that way  by cosponsoring the young farmer success act  we can bo…
 chrisinsilico you re welcome  few understand this conversation simply does not happen in the first place without y…
the majority should stop playing doctor and focus their attention on pressing national priorities they have failed…
thanks for coming by 
without law enforcement  our society would break down  we cannot tolerate the brutal murder of police officers  i s…
american workers should always come first
cheers to  hillfarmstead on notching another win  4 years in a row producing the best stuff around 
i haven t heard him mention anything about russia at all  joy 
planning a visit to dc  we can help you and your ohana schedule tours of the us capitol  library of congress & more 
1  obama-era team at department of education investigates for-profit colleges for fraud 2  new secretary betsy devo…
 randimarshall  amtrak thank you 
great morning with dozens of wonderful volunteers out for kelly mazeski for congress 
rt  thedcarts  got lunch plans  dc   come join us on the national mall for our lunch music series summer set d c currently on stage  floanito…
proud to have received a 100% perfect score on  hrc s congressional scorecard for supporting  lgbtq  equality 
photo of the day
i m hitting the road this month with extended mobile office hours  you can visit my website for more details  ➡️…
america is made stronger by each new generation of immigrants  today i joined  mayorpetty and so many in worcester…
the marines stopped by today with marine mascot  chesty  the bulldog to drop off a copy of the marine seal  then ch…
today marks the 25th anniversary of the 1993 world trade center bombing  six people were killed and more than 1000 w…
rt  foxnews    jahimes on steele dossier   unverified does not mean unreliable  unverified means that the fbi has not been able to do all o…
rt  hispaniccaucus  ** the white house s fear-mongering is on full display today ** first trump  then kelly  now kirstjen nielsen    and…
americans rely on accurate census data  and adding a citizenship question to the 2020 census is nothing more than a…
i will be speaking live with my texas colleagues about disaster relief funding in a few minutes 
  potus trump & his cabinet of corruption have become the most anti-environment administration in history  we must d…
white house stands behind malicious joke targeting war hero & statesman john mccain  they have no decency  even on…
thank you  hie_tweet for inviting me to speak about the challenges facing the energy sector and the importance of a…
today the house passed a long-overdue bill to require anti-harassment and anti-discrimination training for members…
 i am endorsing julia brownley for congress because she is a strong independent leader   said gov  jerry brown  ca26 
 realdonaldtrump s remarks  calling the fbi s michaelcohenraid  a disgraceful act  and  new level of unfairness  s…
what a great aerospace and defense industry supply conference  over 180 local suppliers were there  we must ensure…
if you are looking to find the best person to contact or have questions about reporting storm damage please call my office at 608-782-2558 
scott pruitt believes his first class flights and secure phone booth are more worthy of protection than the environ…
we need to come together and demand a better farm bill that works for wisconsin farmers  families  and communities …
get help with federal agencies at mobile office hours thursday  march 29th  1 00-2 30pm  at mesa veterans resource c…
rt  natsecaction  the iran deal s verification and monitoring terms are the most stringent ever negotiated  if these terms aren t tough eno…
we all would oppose a bill that would allow businesses to discriminate based on race  or gender   hr620  does exactl…
  realdonaldtrump just ended temporary protective status for salvadorans in america  marking the fourth termination…
rt  housedemocrats  a joyous holi to all those celebrating 
the flint water crisis reminds us  every individual needs and deserves access to clean water 
in phl there s a staggering 26% poverty rate & 1 in 6 residents go hungry on an everyday-basis  1000s of residents…
it is absolutely essential that mr  mueller s investigation be allowed to continue and that all partisan efforts to…
 epaoig this included the infamous  blanket waiver  epa said pruitt had been granted but which pruitt himself conti…
commemorating vietnam human rights day   the jailers back in hanoi need to know that we re watching 
we ve all read special counsel mueller s top questions for the president  here s what i want to ask…
we should be helping americans protect their private information  not making it harder  that s why i voted against…
this equal pay day  let s remember there are many ways america can close the wage gap  i m fighting in congress for…
    because they know they can get more bang for their buck in the  realdonaldtrump administration  flood the swamp
i am deeply saddened by the passing of herb bridge  herb embodied the best ideals of our region  compassion through…
a rewrite of f a s t act will include calls for transp privatization  devolution & attacks on public participation process & environment  /4
rt  reprokhanna  i support  repcartwright s efforts to create a national public health action plan on climate change 
thank you  hailerivera for your support  as i tweet this message to you  i can tell you that we are still in full…
icymi   housejudiciary passed the music modernization act  a sweeping bipartisan bill to improve wages for our talen…
i had a very meaningful day honoring the 46 police officers from our region who lost their lives in the line of dut…
i joined a group from the  womenscsa to discuss how we can work together to promote ourselves and encourage the oth…
open enrollment ends today  have you visited yet  even if you have insurance  make sure you…
congratulations to air force vet rhonda ziehl on being named rhode island woman of the year by the providence va  t…
i am pleased to see my legislation move forward today  and i look forward to working with my colleagues to get it p…
whether it s vocational training or a college degree  education should not be cost-prohibitive for anyone 
rt  nilc_org   realdonaldtrump the court is ordering the trump administration to accept — for the first time since the  daca  rescission wa…
rt  fema  we established an incident support base to pre-position supplies like water  meals  & blankets if requested by the state  hurric…
as always  it was great meeting with you as well 
equal protection under the law belongs to everyone  proud to cosponsor  repjaredpolis s student non-discrimination act  let kids learn  snda 
students in my district  like aylish in dupont  have had enough of inaction from congress on gun violence  and so h…
wishing all my constituents a safe and happy st  patrick s day  lá fhéile pádraig sona dhuit   i think the luck o…
 raising the minimum wage is a very efficient way to boost consumer demand— and  in turn  businesses and the econom…
rt  edworkforcedems   read  ranking member  bobbyscott   repmaxinewaters   repdankildee  and  keithellison statement on appeals court decisi…
today is the 8th anniversary of aca  which guaranteed coverage for those with pre-existing conditions  kids up to 26 & more protect our care
my statement on acting secretary duke s haiti  tps  decision 
rt  kclibrary  a preview of the annual missouri 5th congressional district student art exhibit  come to central library now through april 1…
the trump shutdown is already impacting thousands of oregonians - community health centers  which serve 30 000 in l…
rt  repcohen  it s 420day&just like on 4/19  4/21&every other day marijuana shouldn t be in same class as drugs like cocaine heroine&meth…
rt  msnbc   everyone knows who this bully is  this president has attacked more more women  more individuals – name calling     this is what…
three inches of snow have shut down federal agencies and much of dc today  but being minnesotans  the entire nolan…
the equal pay and me too fights are linked together  in workplaces where sexual harassment is not addressed  women…
once again while you were sleeping  republicans chose tax cuts for big corporations and the wealthy over the needs…
 2/2 chemical attacks  i will be monitoring the outcome of these strikes closely & will remain firm in my assertion…
rt  housedemocrats  leader  nancypelosi   repschakowsky  rep   dorismatsui  and  repjohnyarmuth held a press conference today on how the go…
having picked virginia to win it all  i can only claim a strong bracket finish if loyola-chicago wins it all  but a…
my rescue cats are going to be jealous when i come home with this little guy  i had a great time taking a work brea…
rt  eagles  gameday  sblii  | fly eagles fly
the g o p tax scam gave massive tax breaks to massive corporations and the wealthiest 1 percent at the expense of work…
rt  repjuanvargas  i m saddened to learn of the passing of congresswoman louise slaughter  it was an honor to serve in congress alongside a…
rt  bartsv   bart will provide new access to jobs and neighborhoods   says  repmikehonda  vta  secretaryfoxx
the ppl who choose to serve our great country deserve better from their commander in chief 
my statement on the ryan-mcconnell billionaires first tax plan
rt  oversightdems  breaking  white house and state department conducted  cleaning  of career employees they believed not sufficiently  supp…
all mommas deserve the chance to be mommas  my m o m m aact will help ensure that starting or growing your family does…
from scopes monkey trial  to 10 commandments resolution of  96  &now to punishment of memphis for removing statues…
my thoughts and prayers are with the victims of the las vegas shooting  congress needs to pass common sense reform of our gun laws 
great meeting with members of  aao_ophth who live in and serve constituents of  md02   we discussed vision research…
 potus will uphold executive order protecting federal lgbtq employees-let s work to extend anti-discrimination protections to private sector
it was a joy to spend time with constituents at the  downeychamber s 25th annual downey street faire  if you were at…
here in california  we respect the constitution and follow the law  as i ve said many times  our state laws work…
i m grateful to be the mom of these 3 kids and grandma to 3 more  i know it s extremely tough to be parent or care…
thank you  claas_america for letting me play with your toys today  it was a pleasure joining  aemadvisor for…
it was great to meet with you and kendall  always enjoy seeing constituents in dc  enjoy the rest of your time in o…
rt  demsespanol  en promedio  las mujeres ganan 80 centavos por cada  1 que sus contrapartes hombres ganan  para las mujeres latinas y afro…
6 months after maria  tens of thousands of americans are still without permanent shelter  water or electricity  with…
we are just 4 months into the fiscal year  yet the republican-run congress has needed 4 short-term funding bills to…
will be questioning  noaa administrators at the appropriations committee commerce  justice and science subcommittee…
congressman cedric richmond s  d-la  interview with cnn s wolf blitzer  via  youtube
in the northwest  we know the next big earthquake is a question of when  not if  that s why i ll keep pushing the g…
looking forward to tonight s activity at lincoln united methodist hosted by  chicagojvp and many allies fighting fo…
rt  repscottpeters   nolabelsorg  larry_levitt  kaiserfamfound  voxdotcom  postopinions  coveredca  paulsisson  sdut  billgalston pointed o…
we ve come a long way towards equality in the workplace – but not far enough  hear my wife liz talk about the impor…
panelist  dr   maudryb shares her tips on coping strategies for dealing with sexual harassment  we will no longer b…
one of the best ways to honor martin luther king jr is to continue his legacy of standing up  speaking out and fighti…
rt  the_unsilent_   let s go gary  this shit ain t worth it 🐾 https //t co/5xvzt4bawd
 tbt  to when luverne was named home to a shrimp hatchery and harbor — thanks in part to  lcrws   the aquaculture…
 without investment  we are seeing layoffs  we are fighting for every one of our businesses  but we need help as a…
tune into my water quality town hall live feed on facebook 
with krewes such as  kreweofmuses and  kreweofnyx in existence  it is hard to believe that women were once exclude…
rt  reproybalallard  my mother and i had a precious bond  i d have been traumatized if anyone separated us  as trump is now doing to moms a…
rt  repteddeutch  last night  our community stood together with the mourning families  now  we must turn our thoughts and prayers into acti…
the  uscbo predicted that the g o p tax scam would cause  25 billion in cuts to medicare in 2019  a year of trump
today  i was happy to do a meet and greet with my constituents  francisco and sandra martinez  mr  martinez is a bo…
today is holocaust remembrance day  let us all take time to remember one of humanity s greatest tragedies  and honor…
on tax day  americans see the g o p tax scam for what it is  a massive give-away to the largest corporations and wealt…
readng drury s advise & consent   democracy is the most fragile thing on earth  for what does it rest upon you & me…
with a bipartisan approach  we can close the skills gap and grow our economy by investing in skills training and ed…
tbt
today i had the pleasure of meeting with the  truckingdotorg  we had a productive meeting where we discussed the up…
proud to share the cover of the  wpmagazine with anita hill & other trailblazing women  sadly this conversation on…
fun ride this morning as part of vallejo bike day  thanks to all the cyclists who came out to support this initiati…
washington s small businesses make up 98% of all employers in the state – and more than half of the state s private…
rt  joseph_marks_  new   call_me_dutch wants house appropriations homeland security panel to take a bigger role on cyber security
a5  this is a real problem  arizona has a backlog of more than 750 leaking underground storage tanks  epa support h…
joining my  hispaniccaucus colleagues to voice my opposition to the citizenship question on the 2020 census  this m…
 irwindalepolice thank you for patrolling our city  cityofpomona  pomonapd
when  potus  looks into the gallery during the speech  i want him to see dustin – a proud army reservist – and the i…
gop s plan to avoid g o pshutdown  no money for flint  special interest poison pills  unacceptable pay-fors 
i send my sincere condolences to the bush family  barbara bush was a woman of class and distinction who was truly…
veterans should have access to the health care benefits they earned and deserve close to home  this morning  i join…
just had a great discussion with  conannbcla about everything from a possible trade war with china  to problems wit…
i m working w/ colleagues in congress to protect & preserve our environment/natural resources  support strategic in…
great suggestion  these little changes can go a long way
while i share the strong belief that we must hold the assad regime accountable for its despicable actions  any sust…
this week  we celebrate the important role public schools have in preparing and inspiring the next generation to su…
a public campaign debasing deputy director mccabe is no way to show support for fbi and law enforcement  it s shame…
rt  housedemocrats  one year ago today   housegop and president trump celebrated their vote to take health care away from 22 million americ…
by withdrawing from the iran deal  the president is committing an egregious national security miscalculation rooted…
join me next friday  may 18 in lynwood for our 2018 congressional art competition reception  i hope you will join m…
have you received one of these threatening scam calls  we passed a bill cracking down on scammers impersonating t…
rt  officialcbc    reprichmond   while it s impossible to fill dr  king s shoes  the cbc continues to honor his legacy   m l k day
deeply concerned by the increased number of anti-semitic incidents in new york  including in queens  according to a…
rt  clarkstatepres   repmarciafudge addresses  theoacc presidents and trustees about federal budget impact on community colleges  thank you…
private-public partnerships are critical to preparing our students for the workforce of the future  organizations l…
never fear being first  happy delaware day 
deeply saddened to learn of the passing of rep  louise slaughter  a tireless advocate for ny & us  a true champion…
marching at the tucson march for our lives
following disturbing revelations that cambridge analytica obtained the personal data from 87m facebook users  i m u…
3  mda evaluate operationalizing radar test assets already in-state to provide hawaii icbm protection like u s  mainland   ndaa17 
on twitter   realdonaldtrump demonstrated his complete ignorance of immigration  again   everyone who qualifies fo…
right now  you can still apply to renew your  daca   if you meet the requirements to apply for daca renewal  you sho…
a6  we must ensure our public health students can complete their education and take their place among our next gene…
noted the great work of  cbpbuffalo  nteunews and the collaborative efforts of  cbp   canborder and the…
rt  e2org  bipartisan partnership b/w  congressmanraja and  repralphnorman will create congressional solar caucus dedicated to advancing s…
this joyous season  let us show gratitude to the brave men and women in uniform who are often away from their famil…
happy veterans  day   thanks for your service   special shoutout   my dad   step dad and brother & bill cooper  
james shaw  risked his life at the nashville waffle house to save others  bless you sir  thank you 
the president s decision to walk away from iran deal makes it easier for iran to get a bomb & undermines american c…
  epascottpruitt put albert kelly in charge of the superfund even though he had no relevant experience and several…
jobs  jobs  jobs  unemployment may be down  but folks still struggle  we must do everything we can to help…
as the ranking democrat on the tactical air and land forces subcommittee  ensuring the safety of our servicemembers…
during womens history month we celebrate all the incredible  trailblazing women who have fought for progress through…
glad to join  governormalloy today to announce that the state will invest millions to support the increasing worklo…
this morning i praised the administration s decision to impose sanctions on russia over their support of assad s ch…
from my growing family to yours  happy easter2018 
in missouri   snap  reached 759 000 residents--more than 10% of the population--and kept 221 000 people out of pover…
i had the chance to speak with residents in tuscaloosa about what s happening in dc during today s  congress in you…
a tragedy such as this one must never occur again  we will be closely monitoring this situation 
it was a pleasure to meet with  kristindavis  a  refugees goodwill ambassador  who told us about her great work on…
rt  rooprajfox2   peekaso  debdingell  replawrence  mikebishopmi michigan s glaring problem flares up  how to fix the roads
rt  reptimwalz  2 million people will have their access to food threatened if the  housegop passes their hyper-partisan farm bill  that s…
the trump administration is misleading you to justify their attack on the 2020 census in an attempt to unconstituti…
it s time for congress to stand with black women to address maternal deaths and health now 
approve last night s military action in syria in concert w/ allies  no place in civilized society for chemical weap…
early this morning i joined over 1 500 volunteers throughout the county to help count & survey our local homeless p…
polluting pruitt s time  epa has been mired w/secrecy  waste of taxpayer   and widespread conflicts of interest  at…
trump orders help for chinese phone-maker after china approves money for trump project  trump will profit from ind…
i  too  am concerned about the future of the  denverpost  it is necessary for an engaged and informed citizenry and…
today  repblumenauer  repgregwalden  repbonamici & i intro d a bill to protect communities from toxic rail spills 
rt  replloyddoggett  since 2006  the average cost for a year of medication for someone with a chronic disease has more than doubled to over…
this is a remarkable betrayal  these people are brave heroes risking their lives to save others  i ve been honored…
hush money payment is now confirmed by  realdonaldtrump himself  these payments may break laws & make the president…
thanks again to my  sotu  guests faith ann rys and michael taylor  through your hard work and determination  you ar…
rt  houstonhealth  help houston recover and plan for the future  the hurricane harvey registry is brief survey on the health  housing and…
janusv a f s c m e comes down to a binary choice  will the u s  stand up for the fundamental right of workers to form a…
rt  cspanwj  rep  gregory meeks  d-ny  joins us to discuss potential military action by the u s  in syria amid the increased tensions with…
happy birthday  madame president  hillaryclinton
my sons and i were there  october 2015  the last time the  mets went to the world series  at 9 -1  ya gotta believe…
i m heartbroken and angry that civilians have once again been targeted in syria  the senate must join the house in…
ending  tps  for hondurans will impact over 57 000 migrants and is another cruel decision by this administration tar…
 centeronbudget  amermedicalassn  aarp graham cassidy block grants medicaid  putting health care on the chopping bl…
had fun serving some famous california ceviche recipe earlier this week at the  marchofdimes m o d gormet gala cook-of…
rt  akasorority1908  april 10 is equal pay day  on average women make  0 80 for every  1 00 made by a man and women of color make even less…
rt  alisonnbcboston    repkclark meeting with ma municipal leaders to share concerns and best practices on the opioid epidemic   nbc10bosto…
americans deserve the best from their representatives  i won t stop fighting until my constituent voices are heard…
the us pays more than  1000 per person on prescription drugs  the highest per-capita cost in the world  this is out…
alabama state troopers putting on their gas masks  selma52
great to talk to  tomphilpott at  motherjones about how the food is medicine movement is gaining bipartisan tractio…
the next  az01  mobile office will be in show low today from 10am to 2pm  stop by to talk to a caseworker about your…
a free and open press is central to american self-government  proud of our bipartisan work in congress to protect p…
while much of our collective attention focuses on another trump scandal  his mass-deportation agenda continues to t…
despite overwhelming support for a  daca  solution  the house has not been allowed to vote on this issue  i m proud…
rt  ericliptonnyt  follow along with us here  as we walk through a fascinating collection of documents the nyt has pulled together about a…
three months into 2018  our serve america candidates ✅ advanced in 2 texas primaries ✅ flipped a district that elec…
my thoughts & prayers go to  louiseslaughter s family  friends  staff  and most importantly the residents of the 25th district of new york 
enjoyed meeting with members of the  commonstreasury about municipal finance and supporting older  industrial commu…
rt  washtimesoped   despite the severity of these attacks and the pronouncements of outrage by members of congress  no sensible legislation…
let us honor the legacy of dr  martin luther king jr  by continuing his fight for racial and economic equality and…
rt  aftunion  ty  repmcgovern for explaining to the  houseagnews how cutting  snap  is cutting kids from school meals farm bill n oto h r2
i m fortunate to live in the sunshine state  and committed to protecting its beautiful environment for all floridia…
  realdonaldtrump s drug price proposal is a sham  while trump campaigned on a promise to take on prescription drug…
there are ways to boost job growth and entrepreneurship  as a former smallbiz owner i know that we must invest in…
  repchrissmith & i wrote an open letter to secretary of state nominee mike pompeo in  jtanews  the us  and the wor…
the republicans  failure to address the threats facing il farmers  due to trump s trade war in their harm bill is j…
rt  officialcbc    kristenclarkejd c b c demands justice
i applaud the decision by judge bates who correctly called the reversal of daca  arbitrary and capricious  and  pa…
these families of parkland shooting victims are still waiting to hear from trump
congratulations to  garrettjuniorhs principal jamey hood for being named the nevada middle school principal of the…
rt  tnjusticecenter  thank you  billhaslam  tennesseans overwhelmingly support accepting federal funds to keep our rural hospitals open  su…
i visited the  unionpacific hq in omaha w/  repdonbacon during my visit to nebraska s 2nd district  union pacific s…
trump s  fcc is barreling forward with its plan to end net neutrality and end the rules that keep the internet fre…
it s denim day and i m wearing jeans to show my support for victims of sexual harassment  abuse  and rape  there is…
cia director-nominee gina haspel ran a secret prison in thailand where people were tortured  her shameful record di…
icymi-  repespaillat  nydiavelazquez  repjeffries join  nycha residents  local leaders protest plan to raise rent…
trumpcare would have stolen health care from 469 500 nj families  while raising costs for many more  thankful this…
rt  repbarbaralee  pres trump chose to end  daca   he chose to throw the lives of 800k young people into limbo  then he chose to use them as…
rt  nancypelosi  no matter how you look at it  the reality is that the billionaires first tax plan will explode the debt   cnnsotu 
enjoyed meeting with officials from all levels of armenian government who are currently enrolled in the tavitian pr…
though we didn t always agree  i like  speakerryan & appreciate his service in one of the most challenging jobs in washington 
big corporations and republicans  wealthy donors get huge tax breaks  while raising taxes on 86 million middle-clas…
i am very proud to be representing the 7th district of minnesota and all the support i ve received this year 
  repmcnerney and i are live on facebook and taking questions from the audience in antioch and those watching onlin…
rt  housedemocrats    reprubengallego  az-07  updated constituents on his work in congress at a recent town hall  dems at work
fact  the trump budget cuts vital k-12 education programs  federal grant aid and student loan assistance for colleg…
rt  westsidefireman  i carried an m-4 in the afghanistan desert for almost a year  if you feel you need this or another weapon of war like…
rt  hispaniccaucus  50 years have passed since the assassination of dr  martin luther king jr  dr  king s enduring legacy has inspired ge…
rt  calbudgetcenter  coming up this morning  executive director  chriswhoene joins rep   dorismatsui for a community teach-in on the g o p ta…
we had the privilege of honoring so many talented young people at my spring awards ceremony  rutgersu last night 
an accurate 2020 census is a constitutional imperative  the 11th-hour decision by the trump admin to add an unprec…
historic moment  let s hope this agreement leads to north korea s complete denuclearization and lasting peace in th…
it was a pleasure to stop by the carlisle grand opening this afternoon  as many of you recall  the complex was near…
pleased to hear the president include  daca  in his immigration plan  and border security is needed  but a border…
empowering words to live by on holocaust remembrance day   action is the only remedy to indifference  the most insid…
rt  usgsvolcanoes  a m5 3 earthquake occurred at 11 33am  hst  on the south flank of kilauea volcano  hawaii  there is no tsunami threat to…
rt  alaskawild  thank you  repbarragan   repjayapal  &  repmceachin for leading the charge on this  our agencies and leadership must reflec…
rt  johnbrennan  i served 6 presidents  3 rs & 3ds  i directly supported clinton  bush 43  and obama  while i didn t agree with all their p…
rt  repmarcykaptur  ohioans can move forward to end extreme partisan gerrymandering with issue 1  fairer maps are within reach  but we cann…
rt  usprogressives  from delaware to hawaii  the cpc is proud to stand with all of our members and  eleanornorton to support d c  statehood…
rt  repbarbaralee  here in memphis  tennessee with my good friends  jacksonleetx18 &  repbobbyrush  we re here to honor the life and legacy…
  nasa drives discovery  our economy  and our future  national space day may the4th be with you
 icymi   i urged  repgoodlatte to move in bipartisan manner to protect special counsel from partisan attacks 
honored to see so many dear friends & colleagues gathered to wish me well as i retire from congress  i will miss th…
rt  repanthonybrown  joining  whiphoyer   gopleader   staceyplaskett &  jenniffer2012 here on the ground in puerto rico and  usvi 
met today with  njfop  new jersey members of the world s largest organization of sworn law enforcement officers  to…
as a senior member of the house homeland security committee  i discussed homeland security program and funding prio…
how many more yemenis must suffer from diseases like cholera without treatment  how many more children must go days…
we are not sent to congress to harm our constituents and our state  but all 14 calif gop reps put party over state…
trump complains iran  got too much  in the jcpoa  they get to keep it all and now may seek nuclear weapons again  b…
1460 days is an intolerably long time to wonder if your child is dead or alive  4 years too long  bbog 
pruitt s coziness with lobbyists includes secretly buying a house with one the secrecy is a big problem here  we s…
rt  juliancastro  1  50 yrs ago  a week after mlk s assassination  president johnson signed into law the fair housing act  which promised t…
  demandprogress   for too long  [c r sreports] have only been primarily available to the well-connected and the wel…
as of today  12 156  daca  recipients have lost their status after trump ended the program on sept 5th  dreamers ca…
rt  votevets    realdonaldtrump  we re debuting this ad on  morning_joe  and taking it to other morning shows you watch  too 
my thoughts and prayers are with those affected by today s tragic amtrak crash in chester 
more than half of teens surveyed ages 13 to 17 — 57 percent — worry about a school shooting  a quarter of that grou…
 halos  act is a great opportunity for smallbusinesses & startups to gain accesstocapital  team rep takai
2 days  tomorrow  i will join  alisonstewart on  wnycmidday to discuss my novel   big guns  
let s allow americans age 50-64 the option to buy into medicare  so they can avoid steep premium increases that often occur at that stage 
at what point do we chant lock him up 
as baby boomers turn 65  benefit applications have ↑ while ssa s admin  budget has ↓  this created unacceptable wa…
words don t seem adequate to describe what many in the  baltcogov family are feeling today  kevin was a good friend…
the internet doesn t belong to  ajitpaifcc and  realdonaldtrump  we need to save the internet  the fight for a free…
rt  housebudgetdems    repjohnyarmuth s opening statement at this morning s  uscbo oversight hearing 
over 7 000 shoes lay outside the capitol to represent the students lost since sandy hook  as a mom  my heart break…
our government doesn t work without citizen participation  this link can help you find your voting place today 
who needs investigative reporters when you have rudy giuliani defending the president of the united states 
today  i was honored to join max schachter  ryan petty   senbillnelson and  marcorubio for the national school safe…
our national parks have free admission on saturday to kick off national park week  for activities & events in a…
the majority of members of congress on both sides of the aisle oppose any  potus action to fire special counsel rob…
wishing muslims in nj & throughout the world a ramadan mubarak  – a blessed month filled with meaning and reflectio…
when it comes to tackling the opioidcrisis  we need multi-system strategies that include support for the recovery…
i want to thank speaker ryan for reinstating father conroy 
mr  pruitt has failed the american people for too long  he must resign 
the 2020census involves years of meticulous planning  to suddenly introduce a question with no testing is irrespon…
today  our kauai outreach liaison  kaulana finn  will be available for one-on-one federal agency casework assistan…
the flint water crisis can t be allowed to happen elsewhere  congress can—and must—make critical investments in wat…
on april 26  i m joining  tumblr and  snd to host the first-ever international chart day  we ll share our favorite…
happy read across america day  on what would have been the 114th birthday of amazing author and  dartmouth alum dr  s…
thrilled to see another project at the salton sea making progress  the completion of phase one of the torres martin…
last year  i visited with homeowners in bennington whose water was rendered undrinkable due to pfoa contamination …
gender-based price gouging is a double whammy  on top of the wage gap  women are shortchanged for goods/services li…
 i didn t need to be protected  i needed to be respected   -- well said  hannah  thank you for joining our hearing…
rt  lhs210principal  a big thank you to  replipinski for being part of the  natlblueribbon ceremony at lhs today  go lemont blue ribbon scho…
rt  kevzwick  ty  repzoelofgren for your support of cdfis and affordable housing  protect cdfi fund in fy18 c d f is invest  oppfinance  housi…
tens of thousands of hondurans who fled their country after a massive natural disaster will lose their temporary p…
 epagov that ethics review included a copy of pruitt s lease showing that the original landlord s name on the epa a…
need some afternoon inspiration  highly recommend this thread from my colleagues at  officialcbc   whm2018 
 lorenasgonzalez if you re interested in ordering a united states flag  you may purchase flags through my office an…
well  this certainly isn t fake news 
2/2 -- we must ensure that america remains a nation where people from all backgrounds are free to pursue their pote…
rt  pogoblog  mueller must be allowed to continue his investigation free of political pressures  we support legislation introduced by  repl…
rt  coveredca  alert  covered c a consumers now have until midnight on dec  17 to sign up for january health coverage 
4th best female rap collaboration  da brat - da b side da brat demonstrates why she became the first female hip h…
i support repeal of the sgr  fix medicare now
last night  i was invited to speak at the official ribbon cutting ceremony for the new beds plus facility in…
we have a constitutional responsibility to protect the accuracy of our census data  i have great concerns with the…
don t forget  my staff will be at the fair oaks library on tuesday from 10 00 am to noon to help you with backlogge…
middle class families  we want sensible tax reform   speakerryan  you can t sit with us 
rep  alonzo j  ransier served the 2nd district of  sc  from 1873 to 1874  black history month  tbt   6/9 
must see 👇🏼
if you have a casework problem  va  postal  uscis  social security or any other federal issue   staff from my offic…
if scott pruitt & ben carson believe flying first class and sitting in luxury chairs is a better taxpayer investmen…
this is our year  let s go  openingday truetotheblue
today  i visited  wholefoods in englewood to experience a wonderful community program called  sunday supper series …
the va  377k employees &  180 billion annual budget  has a sacred mission  to care for him who has borne the battle…
rt  winterhavensun  congratulations to  ahsbloodhounds senior abygayle rausch for starting her service to the country at the us naval acad…
a mind to work  
rt  portsidenewyork  please rt  here s our may schedule  all  free  & in red hook brooklyn  some on our ship mary whalen  some off  event…
tomorrow is tax day  if you haven t filed your taxes yet  take a look at these tips from  irsnews to protect your i…
thanks to  bnsfrailway and utu for showing me around northtown yard  the largest rail operation in my district 
during this month  we also reflect on the deep-rooted history of asian pacific americans in our country and their c…
as many of you gather around seder tables this evening to retell the story of the israelites  journey from slavery…
rt  center4native  how the u s -mexico border has split the tohono o odham   i don t want to be separated from our relatives in the south …
i hope to see you this weekend for an interactive discussion with women working in the  stem  fields  i ll be joined…
the annual bipartisan minnesota congressional delegation hotdish competition always brings out smiles 
today s rule is no different  shame on  realdonaldtrump for this dangerous rule that sets our country backward & limits women s reprorights
tyler watts  a 5th grader from scott lake elementary school  captivated the crowd with a stirring rendition of  i r…
wow -  fgossgraves just spoke at our hearing&told us that since january  the times up legal defense fund  housed&ad…
senator bernie sanders taking selfies and sharing laughs with america s young people  they didn t expect to run int…
today we remember how quickly hatred and prejudice can grow into injustice and tragedy  on this international holoc…
one of my favorite days each year is take your child to work day  when i get to answer questions from the children of m…
great talking with clackamas county business alliance today  thanks for supporting our local businesses 
north korea has launched another missile  and all president trump can do is continue to escalate tensions  we canno…
and the  let them eat cake 2018 award  goes to    rick santorum   
as russia plots away  this administration continues to do little to protect our democracy and combat this threat 
puget sound funding included in federal spending package
rt  ksby  safe & secure   i like that   says president trump on local congressman s gun reform bill   corralcarina reports 
four years later  it s still unsafe for flint to use water that runs through their faucets to brush their teeth  s…
today is the 50th anniversary of martin luther king jr  s assassination  here are my thoughts about his important l…
please join me in protecting our nation s children while tackling our budget challenges 
remember when  housegop was shocked  shocked   that dems wouldn t vote for a terrible  no good  very bad budget bc…
rt  younginvincible   young people are sometimes ahead of the people in those chambers behind us   congressmanraja student vote
rt  justinwolfers  by the power vested in me by john bolton  i declare it beer o clock and suggest you drink like there s no tomorrow 
ag committee ranking member peterson  we need everyone in agriculture under crop insurance  farmers roundtable  fl05 
my thoughts and prayers are with the family and staff of  louiseslaughter  she was truly a fighter and advocate for…
happy birthday to my friend  repjohnlewis - your lifelong dedication to social justice & equality is unrivaled  it…
want to have fun on july 4th  join jan and the whole team at one or more of the upcoming 4th of july parades    
the more america learns about g o p tax scam where 83% of benefits go to millionaires/billionaires  the less popular t…
 icymi  i joined  abc7newsbayarea to discuss the need for automakers to detail their commitment to current fuel econ…
a seven year old just demanded i take a polaroid with her  and now the universe no longer makes much sense    
joyce kilmer park on the grand concourse at 161st street in the bronx  new york  always a beautiful site …
poor rudy didn t know the  facts   because trump hasn t figured out what he wants the facts  to be a cabal of liar…
it was an honor to join all of the people out in plaza park this weekend marching for an end to the gun violence ep…
all minnesotans are so proud of the crown jewel of our national park system  voyageursnps  join me in celebrating  …
never again will students fear for their lives never again will teachers fear for their safety never again will par…
yesterday  i had the opportunity to question  dhsgov secretary k  nielsen  secnielsen regarding homeland security o…
the el cerrito library s first wednesday celebration marked the beginning of expanded  seven-day-a-week  library se…
loebsack  grassley  ernst  johnson issue joint statement on va oig review of brandon ketchum s care at va
today in womens history month i m recognizing modern-day history maker sarah parcak  indyfromspace  an archaeologist…
the trump admin singled out dreamers by rescinding advance parole for daca recipients the same day they terminated…
in honor of martin luther king jr s fight for economic justice  i joined  juliabrownley26 for a discussion on the…
highlight of the week was catching up with ian and shep murray who have built  vineyardvines into an amazing ct-bas…
in case you missed it  another company is leading the way to help prevent gun violence  last week  citigroup announ…
i will continue to make sure your hard work leads to legislative action in washington  thanks again to everyone who…
trump s exec order sabotages the affordable care act and guts protections for preexisting conditions and essential health benefits 
this isn t right  this isn t normal  our schools are becoming the new killing fields  how many more grieving famili…
wishing our sikh american neighbors  classmates  friends & colleagues a joyful vaisakhi 
skyrocketing drug prices are preventing sick patients from benefiting from breakthrough medicines  today i joined s…
walking away from the jcpoa abandons our allies  weakens our credibility  and harms our ability to foster similar d…
last week  i joined my  hispaniccaucus colleagues in sending a letter to  usagsessions calling on him to reconsider…
instead of adding  2 3 trillion to our debt to provide the wealthy and big corporations with tax cuts  and then vil…
rt  lynettegm  standing ovation for  cbrangel  our greatest threat to our progress is one erwill confront this nov      cbcfalc16 
thomas farr s elevation to a lifetime seat on the federal bench in  nc  would be a slap in the face to the millions…
39 senators & 131 reps call on pruitt to resign  resolution calling on resignation of epa administrator scott pruit…
wishing a happy birthday to my good friend & fellow marylander   repjohndelaney  thank you for your leadership as f…
this is truly bizarre  there s zero good reason to shrink bears ears by 92% & to threaten our public lands  see it…
during the last shutdown in 2013  it cost our economy  1 5 billion per day  rt to call on republicans to work with…
rt  hawaii_ema  no tsunami  preliminary magnitude 6 0 earthquake on south flank of kilauea volcano 
stillman college represents such an important part of the legacy alabama s 7th district  our hbcus are truly a nati…
rt  momsrising  tina  single mom and  momsrising member  wants to provide food for her family and feed her 9yo son  she is just one of mill…
 realdonaldtrump md is already committed to reducing emissions by 40%  no reason why  larryhogan shouldn t join bipartisan climate alliance
but i bet he ll be silent on his behavior toward women  and speaker ryan s assault on women s health rights  so ton…
proud that ny continues to be a leader in promoting gunsafety  i am working in congress w/  senmarkey to fund…
yesterday  march 18   repmarcykaptur became the longest-serving woman in house history  thank you for blazing the t…
an important milestone in efforts to prevent corrupt government officials from facilitating the conduct of cartel traffickers 
 naceptweets we must provide dualenrollment access for all kids  support educators  & advocate for policies that h…
to help oregonians and many other americans who still face job insecurity  we need to make stronger investments in…
rt  netcaucusac  many thanks to cong  internet caucus chairs for supporting these educational briefings   repgoodlatte  repannaeshoo  senjo…
the white house killed a study into chemical pollution to avoid a  public relations nightmare   we need our govern…
today was the day donald trump wanted to start deporting d r e a mers  but fortunately the courts stopped him  however…
we have a legal and a moral responsibility to respond to bashar al-assad s crimes  but the president must act only…
mcminnville town hall meeting monday  march 12  6 00pm-7 00pm  chemeketa community college  yvc room 101 288 ne no…
chag sameach to all who are marking the start of passover today 
rt  repdwightevans  that s why as your representatives in congress  we are hard at work to ensure the protection of  snap   a critical nutri…
cyber aware tip  create a unique username and password for every log in  write them down on a piece of paper and ke…
congratulations to my dear friend  repbarbaralee  a true progressive champion for women and girls 
while the gop is offering americans a raw deal  with policies that kick millions off their health insurance & spike…
rt  repmceachin  it s tax day – which means my republican colleagues will be talking up the g o p tax scam until they are blue in the face  ju…
the inspection deadline for all those affected by hurricane harvey who may be eligible for fema s direct assistance…
cruelty of  realdonaldtrump & incompetence of gop congress will now deny thousands of dreamers equal access to edu…
i am thrilled to display the artwork of n y09 s talented young artists at the congressional art competition awards…
i m touring the sno-isle tech skills center where students train for future careers in high-tech fields  wa is a na…
good luck to all the runners in today s boston marathon  thank you to all who raised money to support charities and…
rt  fscdems   release   at hearing with  ustreasury secretary mnuchin  ranking member  repmaxinewaters presses on russia sanctions  trump…
what could a man who inherited his fortune know about the challenges facing the working poor  millions of americans…
it s no secret foreign actors want to influence american voters  in the 2016 elections washington was one of 21 sta…
today we honor the women who nurtured us and helped shape us into who we are  happy mothers day to our mothers and…
now enjoying the festivities at the north riverdale little league parade 
identity theft is a serious concern  get informed next tuesday  april 3rd at  lvmpdbac s  first tuesday  community…
rt  alexlondongross  glad to join business and other community orgs at the  phanews summit to innovate a healthier future for all  & learn…
let us never forget the darkness that occurs when we give into our fears  let us protect all americans  civil liber…
inflation is rising at far below the  federalreserve target of 2%  especially when you take out housing prices  thi…
the recently revealed memo from rosenstein that clearly explains mueller s authority to proceed w/ the investigati…
rt  reprichardneal  you can t upend the tax system without creating serious problems – & we re already seeing the g o p tax scam creating many…
we are currently in open enrollment period for coverage in 2018  click the site below for…
open enrollment starts nov  1  make sure you have everything you need to choose the best plan for you & your family get covered
as a former member  i am so proud to be here with the national association of postal supervisors  thank you for all…
as  epa admin  scott pruitt has cozied up to the oil   gas lobby while showing disdain for science  our environment…
the  housegop s shameless disregard for the middle class is on full display today  celebrating your vote to raise t…
rt  repcartwright   the flint water crisis can t be allowed to happen elsewhere  congress can—and must—make critical investments in water i…
quit demonizing innocent young people who are making great contributions to our country in order to divert attentio…
rt  airportscouncil    joe_lopano shows future infrastructure plans for  flytpa to  usrepkcastor and  kevinburke_aci   every airport refle…
every student should be safe and feel safe at school  we have a responsibility to stand up for survivors of…
snap is vital for rural farmers  who are increasingly struggling to put food on their own tables  hands off s n a p
i had a great time at the cambodian new year celebration at the dhamagosnaram temple in johnston today 
  epascottpruitt has proposed drastic budget cuts for  epa programs that protect americans  health – all while wast…
there is no sound more powerful than the marching feet of a determined people  goodtrouble
one of my top priorities in congress is making sure every american who wants to serve our country has the opportuni…
scotus decision is welcome news for our dreamers but no excuse for congressional inaction   speakerryan needs to b…
to my republican colleagues who have continually shielded this fragile president  history will not favor those wh…
services like cancer screenings  maternity & newborn care & birth control can break the bank without insurance  tod…
recently  more than 300 students took part in naperville north high school s first lego league tournament – a progr…
i visited the home of jeanne and leland  with meals on wheels volunteer  martha  programs such as this are key to i…
digital privacy should unite us  not drive us apart
happening now  the bipartisan women s caucus hosts a hearing on sexual harassment in the workplace  from silicon va…
on world press freedom day  i want to acknowledge african american journalists  ida b  wells  ethel l  payne and gert…
rt  jesselehrich  trump admin is preparing to put migrant children in warehouses on military bases after separating them from their familie…
i m taking questions for the next hour live  ask me about community policing and police accountability  officialcbc…
today  i am disgusted and dismayed that republican congressional  leaders  and president trump have brought us to a…
disrupting cartel trafficking and the violence with which it is associated  since his indictment  i have supported federal government   
rt  collinrees   we re going to stop mike pompeo s nomination for sec  of state  then stop gina haspel for cia director  then stop trump wa…
plans on are more affordable than ever  many consumers can find plans with  0 premiums or p…
congratulations to  seattleu  su_wbb for advancing to the first round of the  ncaa tournament  the team made ground…
how the heck does  kellysadler45 still have a job for the united states government   senjohnmccain is an icon and h…
today is the first anniversary of complete republican control of our government  the trump shutdown is theirs 
i guess you could say that  carl_c_icahn was lucky to unload his shares – valued at at least  31 million – just bef…
it was with great sadness that i learned of the passing of rep   louiseslaughter  this is a great loss for new york…
mike pompeo is manifestly unfit to be secretary of state  i hope the senate foreign relations committee grills him…
on yom hashoah  we solemnly remember the 6 million jews slaughtered during the holocaust and the attempted extermin…
joined  repmikebishop in introducing the bipartisan kitten act  this common sense  bipartisan bill will require the…
today s cyber security roundtable was productive  thank you to the participants for bringing your expertise to the…
thanks for having me and teaching me about these innovative programs  go terps   uofmaryland
polluting pruitt is the subject of at least seven different independent federal investigations  i m leading my coll…
bold action would build on the positive aspects of  potus  proposal  such as closing the gaps in the nics system  g…
this american success story demonstrates that federal prize competitions such as this one that i created are an eff…
  ajitpaifcc and  realdonaldtrump don t own the internet  it belongs to all of us  and it is critically important that we save the internet 
there have been zero right whales born this season  a sign of the unprecedented crisis our environment is facing  t…
alert  a mandatory evacuation order has been issued for extreme risk  red  areas due to a rapidly approaching winte…
my wife  drdenagrayson knows me very well  justice  equality and peace are all that i want for my birthday 
 fcc net neutrality means consumers—not big corporations—choose what websites and applications we see online  save the internet
you can buy or change your health care plan tomorrow until dec 15  visit to compare plans & get covered 
rt  energycommerce  democrats are working hard to protect our care against the trump administration s sabotage of affordable healthcare  htt…
seeing the massive crowds excited to hear michelle obama speak about the importance of education & her commitment…
ca has led the way when it comes to acting on climate & i support our state s firm commitment to that mission  the…
thank you  hrclasvegas for continuing to rally ignite support & empower h r c gala equality love wins
during holocaust remembrance week  we remember the millions of jews who lost their lives during the holocaust  as we…
i am proud of the new jersey tax cut plan we introduced back in january  and proud the legal basis for the plan was…
rt  transportdems  icymi   reppeterdefazio and  gracenapolitano request ig investigation into admin  pruitt s waste of taxpayer dollars htt…
congratulations to  northbaynews for this extraordinary honor  their breaking news coverage of the october wildfire…
rt  pharmacists  thank you  daveloebsack for supporting the capitol hill health fair and the profession of pharmacy  pharmacists a ph m201…
now on  medium  remembering the riot that started the trans equality movement 50 years ago  progress
 repjoecourtney   reprichardneal  & i ve been working to help homeowners w crumbling foundations  we were able to…
cold blooded trump & mulvaney are committed to killing the  cfpb  - an agency that has proven to protect consumers f…
my first speech after being sworn in was at ramapo s trustee pavilion  great to be back with  ramapocollegenj stude…
rt  chrismurphyct  republicans in washington are purposefully sabotaging our health care system and families are paying the price 
proud to sign on in support of common sense bill from  senblumenthal    dwstweets to make sure both guns and bulle…
hundreds of thousands of young people have been able to get an education and better  safer  jobs under  daca   we need to defend d a c a
rt  thebeatdc  selena  dolores huerta  celia cruz  antonia novello  rita moreno   sencortezmasto   senatormenendez   reploucorrea want co…
great news  the house just passed my legislation giving airports greater ability to develop their non-federal prope…
rt  nancypelosi  wishing the very best to  repanthonybrown  rest up & we ll see you back in the people s house soon 
congratulations to former st  paul mayor  mayorcoleman on his new role as president and ceo of  tchabitat 
i would like to extend my prayers to the popovich and  spurs family on the loss of erin popovich  the wife of san a…
i m committed to doing everything i can to protect our communities and help our law enforcement in the fight agains…
rt  agbecerra   breaking   filing suit against  realdonaldtrump s administration over decision to add citizenship question on 2020 census …
last congress  we passed a bipartisan bill to provide  1 billion for 2 yrs to combat the opioid crisis  a step in t…
ktla has been a pillar of local news for decades  la will suffer if alt-right messages from corporate are beamed in…
russia tried to influence the 2016 election  ^ that s a fact we ve known since over a year ago  now we have 13 ne…
happy birthday brad 
today marks one year since  housegop voted for trumpcare - a bill that would have taken health care coverage from…
rt  mattstoller  taking an hour trainride out of boston to vote for capuano  every vote counts  // you bet it does  thanks  matt  masen
i posted a new photo to facebook
an allegation that a foreign govt  meddled in the electoral processes of our country should trouble every american…
we must do more to keep guns out of the hands of dangerous individuals  that s why yesterday  along with…
it s simple— women deserve equal pay for equal work  on equal pay day  we should commit ourselves to creating an eco…
big win for highlands bar and grill  congrats to  frankstitt  dolester miles  and the incredible team there  please…
america s national parks are overdue for repairs  fixing them up means jobs for our region  today  the bill i wrote…
the president has subjected americans  for a whole year  to the most racist and erratic and divisive kind of   
 ms  hardaway  have you ever been paid by the trump campaign  not  1  not  5  not  1 274 94  
had the pleasure of meeting richard overton earlier this year  he s america s oldest living world war ii veteran –…
rt  oversightdems  breaking  trump administration  inexplicably  awarded  156 million contract to one-person company to deliver 30 million…
society is not a welcoming place for people returning from incarceration  we must do better in providing employment…
standing with  dstinc1913 sorors in demanding action to end gun violence 
rt  caucusonclimate  🚨good news🚨 safe climate caucus members worked hard in 2017 to act on climate  because of that hard work  they scored…
not only are the teachers in oklahoma fighting for fair wages  they re marching over 100 miles for an increase in t…
the president s son-in-law is not above the law  recent news reports indicate that jared kushner may have revealed…
rt  senatordurbin  the only person the country needs on the  daca bandwagon  is the president  he s rejected deal after deal to save the pr…
president trump s decision is reckless and shortsighted  isolating the united states from its closest allies and da…
rt  diversetriangle  nc congressman  gkbutterfield will visit silicon valley next week to talk to apple  square  paypal and others about wo…
i previously joined colleagues in letter to trump demanding removal of pruitt from  epa   since then he s continued…
please follow this link  to join us live as we celebrate our veterans at our 3rd veterans university 
rt  rubenharris  last night we recorded a podcast w/  repbarbaralee  gkbutterfield  repmaxinewaters  repgregorymeeks w/ the ppl in this pic…
my colleagues  repteddeutch   repwilson   repdwstweets  & i hosted students and parents from broward county for a s…
born in port arthur  texas  janis joplin grew to love music at an early age  her powerful  blues-inspired vocals en…
heading to the rules cmte to consider the first bill of the new year  no surprise  the bill will be considered unde…
icymi— today was the launch of the congressional smart cities caucus  co-chair  darrellissa and i thank everyone wh…
next monday  i ll be  bentleyu to talk the importance of  nih supported research to our commonwealth  more info bel…
congratulations to 5 000 jetblue flight attendants for voting to join  transportworker union  a strong union means…
this is a long overdue but still an exciting step for american parents  families  and women  congrats  senduckworth
rt  ava  on this day in 1965  young people marched from selma to montgomery for the right of all citizens to vote  they marched and they tr…
thx  capitalweather 4 rebuttal  great work as usual  not sure if bringing facts to propagandists will work  but…
rt  inthesetimesmag    keithellison and  wenonahhauter  lead is a national crisis—we need to fight for clean  publicly owned water before i…
today i met with representatives from the cooper institute to discuss the growing concern over personal health in…
good morning  starting off sunday at kam bowl for breakfast  or maybe a burger  saimin  tough call  it s all ono 
today is national teacher appreciation day  thanks to all who have dedicated their lives to educating our children an…
today we celebrated the 10th anniversary of the science barge on the yonkers waterfront  the barge has been an awa…
rt  housejuddems  new   repjerrynadler releases new report on  housejuddems oversight efforts  report documents trump administration abuse…
rt  thebeatdc    repraulgrijalva and  benniegthompson demand fema remain in puerto rico to help with electrical grid  get this and more in…
i m deeply concerned by president trump s decision to open the california coast to oil and gas drilling – the last…
socal s blood supply is at dangerously low levels  if you are able & eligible  please donate blood   socal_redcross
/1 congress passed strong sanctions against russia   realdonaldtrump refused to enforce them 
 no surprise then that among the democratic members of the new jersey congressional delegation  only rep  bill pas…
thank you to  secafofficial heather wilson for visiting  hanscom_afb last week to highlight the air force s investm…
rt  coconinocounty  tinderfire announcement  coconino county  in coordination with the southwest area type 1 incident command team  tind…
1  the defense bill includes the core of the battle act  which i authored with  repjackbergman to help servicemembe…
new jersey and new york already agreed to foot 50% of the gateway project  an unusually high amount  totaling over…
in conjunction w/ the support from  fema  the cdbg-dr funding from  hudgov will provide substantial recovery assist…
the federal minimum wage has stagnated for the last 10 years  and it is long overdue for congress to do the right t…
speaker paul ryan just announced his retirement  apparently concluding you can run but you can t hide  from do-noth…
today i met with farmers from across jefferson county and members of the  seed_alliance at the osa research farm  w…
rt  ahora_si  opinión del congresista lloyd doggett  replloyddoggett  la ley sb4 es un santuario para la discriminación
the bombings that have terrorized austin residents  killing two and injuring others  are horrific  the federal gove…
bishop cleveland blash  jr  is a fixture in newark s west side park community  he has dedicated decades of service…
james shaw jr  is a hero who saved many lives put unnecessarily at risk by an accessible weapon of war  no tweets o…
rt  wwfh_de  thank you  repbrochester for voting to protect delaware patients & medicare benefits yesterday 
the earned income tax credit  eitc  has helped 141 000 louisianans  including 82 000 children  it helps families afford day-to-day expenses
rt  momsrising   we are allowing our government to enact policies that do not reflect our country s values  says  momsrising s member   iza…
great to visit the peggy notebaert  naturemuseum & see firsthand how it is expanding chicagoans  knowledge of natur…
it was a pleasure speaking with my friends at  ilcorn this week about what they are hoping to see in the upcoming f…
rt  reproybalallard  proud to sign  repmaxinewaters  letter to deputy ag rosenstein supporting the work of special counsel robert mueller …
instead of meaningful action on commonsense reforms  trump has caved to nra w/ a commission led by ed sec y devos …
there is much to be proud of in east multnomah county—where i grew up—like the rockwood  bgcportland where i kicked…
shocked and saddened by the tragic killing of yet another unarmed black man  saheed vassell  in nyc  i m calling fo…
 gop use of slur  chain migration  intentionally distracts from the facts  it s called family immigration it can…
it is critical to fund infrastructure improvement programs along the u s -mexico border to protect public health  k…
on top of that  we re creating workrequirements that don t sufficiently take into account the challenges people fa…
rt  nbcnews  british pm may  german chancellor merkel and french pres  macron issue joint statement expressing  regret and concern  followi…
after yesterday s shooting at the youtube headquarters  we are reminded that gun violence is an everyday epidemic a…
on november 13  secretary perdue designated 83 counties affected by hurricane irma as primary natural disaster area…
as a strong defender of the 1st amendment  i applaud the return of father pat conroy as chaplain of the house of re…
i posted a new photo to facebook
women like shults bring invaluable experience & skills to the table  we ought to be providing women the tools & res…
president trump can try to paint himself as the greatest president ever  but firings  resignations  investigations…
rt  dsolisagecon  in our  famu_1887 agribusiness program  students get the opportunity to meet and interact with top policy makers from th…
rt  reprichardneal  you can t upend the tax system without creating serious problems – & we re already seeing the g o p tax scam creating many…
on peace officers memorial day we remember those lost while serving our communities  honoring our brave law enforceme…
the american people have lost faith in the epa   epascottpruitt is currently under seven separate investigations  h…
the  realdonaldtrump era & putin s attack on our electoral process have made it crystal clear why congress needs to…
spent the morning with ambassador mohib and a delegation of afghan women officials who shared how our investments i…
i fought too long to end discrimination based on race and color to allow discrimination based on gender identity to be considered acceptable
thank you to all of the nurses across  nj  helping keep our family & friends healthy  nurse week
i m supporting bipartisan legislation to protect the special counsel from being fired without cause  this is about…
 one of my students says that she hears gunshots every time she looks at the empty seat of her classmate who was mu…
rt  repdankildee  four years later  flint families are still recovering from the water crisis and having to use filters & bottled water  in…
not only could this jeopardize the level of care  it would create fear and uncertainty for those who have already s…
republicans won t protect our environment  which is one reason that i am running for congress  i ve written and pas…
rt  lcvoters  thanks  repcartwright for highlighting the importance of cleanenergy jobs  still in
watch the full recording of our student town hall on gun violence prevention at kennedy high school last week on my…
aapi americans are already under counted in the census with one fifth of the population living in hard to count are…
  realdonaldtrump is acting in every way as if he has a consciousness of guilt  and as a direct result is threateni…
america s growing families need financial security when welcoming new children  whether it s through birth  fosteri…
we look forward to finalizing this agreement  which will result in significant new investment at the port  and help…
rt  coveredca_es  aprende más sobre los beneficios esenciales de salud y cuidado preventivo disponible para ti  htt…
rt  h_lev    repgregorymeeks reminds mulvaney that when mulvaney was a congressman  he said the cfpb should not exist   you haven t changed…
rt  adamhsays  after a decades-long court battle  mississippi s black colleges won a  500-million settlement  but it takes more than money…
rt  nfergus  if you haven t yet got to this brilliant  chilling piece by  sullydish  then stop what you re doing and read it 
live  i m questioning  epascottpruitt about his egregious behavior in office 
happy arbor day   az01   join me and the arbor day foundation to celebrate our trees and forests and commit ourselv…
mariem taalba is the winner of 2018 congressional art competition for new jersey s 10th congressional district  her…
enjoyed visiting earlier this month with the future leaders of tomorrow from daisy troop 35111 from valparaiso  we…
rt  javelinanation    repfilemonvela w/ dr  tallant & dr  rasmussen  tallant testified before the house agriculture committee in washington…
from manufacturing  energy & agriculture to home building  retail & food service—many u s  industries are suffering…
sikhs have been an integral part of america s fabric for more than 125 years  today i celebrate our sikh american f…
 icymi   my office is hosting a senior fraud protection workshop on 4/20 from 1 30-3 30 p m  at bear canyon senior c…
the  aca  has positively impacted so many americans  thank you  savonnda and jose  for sharing your stories with me 
you can help address our opioid epidemic and help save lives tomorrow on national prescription drug take back day …
1  i saw donald trump s remarks yesterday at the nra convention  i ll cut to the chase 
honored to speak w/  earthjustice   sierraclub last night  mother earth needs you to keep working hard 
sarah broughton was 20 years old when she lost her life to a simple sinus infection because our health care system…
in honor of small business week we re kicking off growth by focusing on getting started  check out this fact sheet 
many of the largest corporations headquartered here in the seattle must do more to help us with long-term solutions…
thank you  olaojewumi for sharing your story   housegop hear our stories  the acaworks  we will protect our care
our homeless veterans need help  not empty promises  i am strongly opposed to  potus and the  deptvetaffairs decisi…
the gateway project is the country s most important infrastructure project  it would make rail transportation safer…
promesa es una legislación imperfecta pero indispensable  q constituye la única alternativa real para prevenir el colapso del gob de pr
rt  housejuddems   icymi    repjerrynadler statement on president trump s  election integrity commission  farce meant to facilitate voter s…
my statement on the trump administration s decision to terminate tps for 57 000 hondurans  save t p s
it s national library week – a time to celebrate the important work that these institutions do day in and day out  e…
rt  reprobinkelly  there are already too many empty chairs at the dinner table  congress must listen to the will of the people & take actio…
half a million people in puerto rico still don t have power  but fema is leaving  begs the question  would things…
enjoyed speaking at the  mofarmbureau breakfast this morning  thank you for giving me the opportunity to speak abou…
great to see new jobs coming to pinellas  👍
 dyk  the avg age of a phl school is 70yrs old   phillydotcom reported that these schools are riddled w/ dangerous a…
we need volunteers  just an hour or two of time can make a big impact  click here to sign up for shift ask julia  ca26 
rt  maggienyt  trump has always seen what he can get away with  and when there are no lasting consequences  he presses on further  right no…
about  1 6 trillion of the g o p tax scam law will go right into the pockets of the big corporations and top 1 percent…
this is a picture of one of the cards we collected  it says   i love my freedom…but don t deport me   keep in min…
we must update  nafta  to ensure mexican truckers are held to the same safety standards american truckers are 
students in ct & across the country are standing up and speaking out to end gun violence  truly inspiring …
 baruwilliam buenos dias  not buenas  but thanks for playing 
fire season is already taking a toll on our state  we worked across the aisle to ensure our firefighters have the b…
rt  911lapd  attention media partners  april 8th-14th is national public safety telecommunicators week  a time to honor & celebrate the inc…
as a proud cosponsor of h res  889  recognizing the commencement of ramadan  i wish all my muslim friends a spirit…
that s why  rosadelauro   johnlarsonct   jahimes   reppeteking &  repmiketurner  & i introduced the brownfields red…
pleased to work w/ reptomreed on a bipartisan bill we ve introduced to expand medicare coverage for diabetes self…
trump pardons  scooter  libby in cia leak case  libby leak
i m hoping that we can provide a solution for dreamers and their families soon  congress cannot continue to be stag…
wall street doesn t need more protections thanks to their cozy relationship w/ trump s cronies  as leader of the cf…
learn more about our work to protect & preserve castner range here 
 we are strong because we are diverse   -  nancypelosi  capac18   apahm2018 
i worked my way through  lanetitans community college and earned my bachelor s and law degrees at the  uoregon  all…
celebrate the army reserve birthday at fort hunter liggett this saturday  april 14  call 831-386-2406 for more info…
do you have an app idea that could change the world  submit it to our congressional app challenge today   cac  house of code  congressionalac
the family & medical leave act was signed 25 years ago today  marking a critical step forward for women & families …
big congratulations to chef edouardo jordan for breaking down barriers and winning not one  but two james beard awa…
 markhcuse
lt  gen  nakasone is a solid choice as next  nsagov chief  intelligence and cyber warriors keep us safe 24-7 and de…
asteroid bennu  congratulations to nasa team on the successful launch of osirisrex  to bennu and back
nunes memo is a biased political diatribe masquerading as intel  fbi  under trump-appointed mccabe  says  we have g…
rt  repvaldemings  thank you  usembassybbdos and the  ccaa_updates for bringing us together today following the 2017 hurricane season  flor…
you don t fix problems by hiding information about them  but that s what trump fema has done  more transparency
rt  usprogressives  this mothers day  we must fight to end inhumane family separation now  no child should face the unspeakable horror of b…
i refuse to join house republicans in abandoning the fundamental tasks of governing by kicking the can down the roa…
stood with fellow women in congress this week to raise awareness about heart disease in honor of american…
twitter is not the forum to discuss the use of military force   realdonaldtrump s reckless tweets must stop 
rt if you agree  it s time for scott pruitt to resign 
rt  scicmtedems  read ranking member  replipinski opening statement for second blockchain technology hearing
2017  the year in climate
it was great to meet farmers around breckenridge who help drive the ag economy in  mn07 
rt  oversightdems  production of comey memos to congress -  repcummings  comey memos provide strong corroborating evidence of everything he…
i m pleased that even during times of divisive rhetoric  we re able to recognize the importance of encouraging the…
speaking  therealnmma s  abc2018  about the importance of boating in ohio  the great lakes  and all across america 
rt  bluebizcouncil    rephuffman   repthompson   repspeier  and dave bitts of pcffa are in sausalito today to discuss the threat of new of…
as an educator  i m grateful az teachers raised their voices for arizona kids  on teacher appreciation day  i joined…
since the onset of the  hiv/aids  epidemic  communities of color have been disproportionately impacted by the diseas…
from buried treasure on liberty island to hudson river ghost ship-new york is a hub for urban myths & legends …
swatting is incredibly dangerous for victims  innocent bystanders & first responders  but our laws don t adequately…
rt  repbarbaralee   hiv  diagnoses among african american women fell 20% from 2011 to 2015  this progress is worth celebrating but the fight…
a7  i also believe it is our responsibility to protect those who are disproportionately impacted by climate change…
rt  governorsoffice  today at 11 00 am   governortomwolf will join  repdwightevans   sixers co-owner  michaelgrubin  artist  meekmill  and…
i think it s important to work with republicans and democrats to do what s right for constituents  i was proud toda…
rt  justinamash  this upcoming balanced budget amendment shouldn t be called a bba  it should be called a cya 
the u s  postal inspection service will be holding a forum on combating mail theft after i urged the agency to do s…
polluting pruitt has proposed drastic budget cuts  epa programs that protect americans  health & our environment –…
check out this week s action steps 
i was very honored to have ww2 veteran jack ewald of suffolk come as my guest for french president  emmanuelmacron …
rt  apapsychiatric  we thank rep  grace napolitano for sponsoring the briefing on this important issue 
this is absolutely appalling  the idea that 17 being slaughtered in a gun massacre could be a  reprieve  from the s…
and icymi  the president gloated to his wealthy mar-a-lago patrons over the holiday break  saying   you all just go…
i m sporting this  f  pin to signify the grade that the  nra gave me on my gun record in congress  while they think…
today is tax day  which is a good reminder that the g o p tax scam ultimately raises taxes on 86 million middle class…
nyc council has stepped up & delivered w/ their sexual harassment prevention package  congress must do the same  we…
rt  repebj  democratic house interns organized to show show the diversity of the democrats dem intern selfie dem diversity
i joined 47 of my colleagues in opposition to the nomination of mike pompeo to be secretary of state   we believe t…
enjoyed seeing the outstanding solar panel project and automotive technology display by lowell high school students…
it s true 
enough
this is an opportunity to build our communities from the ground up -- where our diversity and inclusion is our strength 
if women in michigan were paid as much as men  they would be able to afford  - 81 more weeks of food for thei…
before  mickmulvaneyomb took over   cfpb had returned  12 billion to 30 million consumers who had been harmed  now …
 twusamwilkins  transportworker thanks for the visit  it was great to see you this evening 
san diego seniors  be on the lookout for new medicare cards from  cmsgov starting next month  the new cards replace…
i supported the bipartisan deal that provides budget certainty  disaster relief for ca  and stability for health ce…
rt  housedemocrats  this is about our democracy  house democrats want to ensure the independence of special counsel robert mueller and his…
when you re a member of congress but it s star wars day  may the4th be with you
in every congress since 1997 i have introduced the paycheck fairness act  this act would help close the wagegap by…
time to end voting discrimination against u s  citizens in guam  puerto rico and other u s  territories  this is 20…
report obtained thru foia reveals trump/sessions/doj ignoring recommendations to strengthen immigration court syst…
black women are 243% more likely to die from pregnancy-related causes than other mothers & it s an issue that isn t…
rt  senduckworth  it s not  tough to watch  incredible  paralympics athletes compete and showcase their talents  it s inspiring  these brav…
rt  indiainnewyork  gregory w  meeks representing the 5th district of ny has a large constituency of indians  he holds great warmth for ind…
rt  thestranger  new blabbermouth  episode 147 hears democratic congresswoman  repjayapal s prescription for winning the upcoming midterm e…
rt  repfredupton  joined by my friend & colleague  repdebdingell today in  mi06  -- meeting with  portagenorthern students  teachers  & law…
proud to see new york state join a lawsuit against  secretarycarson s hud after the agency has failed to enforce a…
we won t forget kamden  our fight for safe child care centers is not over 
this promise is not worth keeping  no wall  mr  trump 
congratulations to san leandro unified school district on being recognized by  apcollege_board for their dedication…
rt  transportdems  today  t&i leaders introduced bipartisan legislation to protect american aviation jobs from unfair competition 
i ve joined a bipartisan group in congress to stand up for human rights and hold sudan accountable  we are troubled…
so sad to lose charles neville  so many fun  dancing memories w neville brothers - meaningful messages too - sister…
russia already interfered in our presidential election  now our intelligence leaders are worried that russia will t…
today marks one month since the deadliest high school shooting in america  i join students nationwide in pausing fo…
rt  waysmeanscmte  the prices for thousands of prescription drugs have increased by double digits since president trump took office  democr…
rt  cspanwj  thur| del   staceyplaskett  d-vi   member of the house oversight cmte   joins us to take your questions on the committee s new…
today marks the 50th anniversary of the fair housing act  even though it was a step in the right direction  we stil…
it doesn t matter if you re from flint  newburgh  or hopewell junction – access to clean drinkingwater should be…
rt  keithellison   repbarragan  thanks for engaging with the environmental justice community  clean air advocates  and everyone who likes t…
rt  thebeatdc  congresswomen doris matsui   dorismatsui  and zoe lofgren   repzoelofgren  intro a bill to give americans the opportunity to…
rt  ac360   willful ignorance  i would say  is what we ve just witnessed   -  brikeilarcnn reacts to  presssec sarah sanders refusing to co…
from this morning 
 jacksonleetx18 visits holocaust museum in  washingtondc  we must never forget  tolerance must live 
yesterday  i attended an event at the loc where i engaged with various discussions with members of congress  l/r  r…
rt  twgradio  thankful to be with  repstephmurphy  reprichmond and many other friends today remembering that this day is about building bri…
last week  i joined  psdhitchhiker on his podcast   what matters most   to talk about mindfulness and how we can be…
studies have shown  lgbt  youth face higher rates of crime than their straight  cisgender peers   bjsgov should be c…
still not convinced we need to boot pruitt  now the epa wants to roll back fuel efficiency standards  this not only…
to all my muslim brothers and sisters and those observing in the  ca13   i wish you a blessed  peaceful and happy mo…
great work by the niagara street school chorus  who added beautiful music to the grand opening of the  nfugrr
trump s national guard deployment has hit a significant bump in the road  looks like the cavalry ain t coming to in…
congrats to congressman conor lamb on becoming the newest member of the house  i look forward to serving with him o…
rt  globemiamitimes  o halleran leads bipartisan letter against medicaid work requirements on tribal communities - globe miami times
the great lakes are home to 20% of all surface fresh water on the planet & good stewardship of this precious resour…
happy national pet day  thanks to the aspca  i was lucky to meet this great pup recently on capitol hill 
by pardoning scooter libby  president trump signaled he could use the pardon to shield himself and those who remain…
rt  aptatweets  congressman  donaldnorcross  how do we turn the epidemic around  first we need to have the discussion  this is not a moral…
rt  repdonbeyer  welcoming  nancypelosi and democratic leaders to alexandria s  novacommcollege to unveil our new economic plan  tools to s…
rt  housebluedogs  we support  repschrader s commonsense solutions to stabilize individual health insurance market & improve the aca 
this week i cosponsored a bipartisan queenofthe hill resolution to bring four  daca  proposals to the house floor  t…
i cannot let womens history month end without acknowledging  lilkim and  mclyte  two black women from brooklyn whose…
new hampshire continues to suffer the second-highest drug overdose rate in the nation  underscoring the urgent need…
i won t stand for any attacks on socialsecurity  if you worked hard and paid into the system  you should get the b…
this week in 1968  the fair housing act was enacted into law by president johnson to ensure fair & equal housing to…
rt  nitalowey  president trump still hasn t condemned putin for blaming jews for election meddling  he must not want to criticize his bos…
rt  hispaniccaucus    dhsgov has failed to adequately justify ending tps status for many covered countries  we re a nation of immigrants &…
today  the 21st century cures act will pass the senate and sent to president  6 3 billion to find cures for disea…
c t s community health centers are making a difference in the lives of so many people throughout our state  thank y…
great day in  ny03  - i attended the celebration of the lunar new year  tillescenter & what a spectacular celebratio…
check out this month s grants newsletter for information on grants for mental health awareness training  childhood…
shout out to schipp s pro power wash of albert lea on winning a 2018 lender small business excellence award   mn01… 
boko haram has kidnapped more than 1000 children since 2013   bbog 
watching congresswoman sheila jackson lee take to the house floor to urge the president to stay in the iran nuclear…
 icymi  earlier today i joined  defendourfuture for a twitter chat on climatechange  environmentaljustice …
attn 4th district students  march for our lives is this sat and there are marches in dtla  manhattan beach  and long…
displaced families from puerto rico still face many challenges  i ve worked to make their transition to fl easier w…
rt  shashib  thank you  repjohndelaney very inspired by your talk and your connecting technology and addressing skill enhancing programs  w…
right now  someone can get kicked out of a bar because they are too young to drink and then go buy a semi-automatic…
rt  repswalwell  every day   realdonaldtrump brings us closer and closer to a constitutional crisis  he needs a check  there is no excuse f…
team dutch s elliott met yesterday w  top female executives from  ewfusa  they made the most of their  hallway meet…
 fsusfloridahigh class of 2019 visited washington d c for the junior class trip  students made stops at the…
i want to thank the mn students who met w/ my dc staff this morning  i m proud to stand w/ you to push for commonse…
reminder  office hours going on today from 12- 2  hvafofindiana  if you need help w/ a federal agency stop by and s…
 schmidtsam7 hey samantha - emailed you a phone number 
additionally  since iran has already received relief through the deal  access to cash/lifting of sanctions   it is…
the nolans were in phoenix this weekend watching granddaughter maggie golf for the minnesota golden gophers at the…
to stay up-to-date on rep  cicilline s work in washington and rhode island  sign up for his weekly newsletter here 
rt  mayorharrykim  eruption update for may 14 at 1200 noon  current eruption is producing hazardous so2  • leaving the area of volcanic act…
a heartbreaking & preventable tragedy  end these deadly barriers to addiction treatment including doctor patient c…
americans want action to end gun violence  in fact  97% of gun owners want to see congress require background checks…
must know facts about the trump shutdown  - it didn t have to happen - republicans had months to avert it - america…
is this a joke   respectfully  start with the bully at 1600 pennsylvania ave  and then lecture the rest of the coun…
with the first comprehensive energy bill in 9 years  we have the chance to set our nation up for success 
today s  hfacdemocrats markup considered a number of bills  including h r  4744  the iran human rights and hostage-…
i had the honor of meeting isabelle  she was named 2018 military child of the year by  op_homefront for her work on…
congress cannot continue to drag their feet when it comes to passing a budget 
wishing a happy birthday to my friend   nikiinthehouse  i appreciate your years of service on behalf of working fam…
rt  kiwa4justice  happy mothers day  today we re sending extra love to immigrant mothers—from those separated from their families to pregna…
what a great event on thursday night at the book revue  congratulations to all the essay contest winners  if you mi…
rt  nancypelosi    realdonaldtrump said it himself -  buy american & hire american    speakerryan should do the same to support manufacturi…
los recipientes de esta asignación son aspira inc  de puerto rico con  891mil y la universidad de pr con  502mil 
rt  golden4congress  i am truly honored to receive the endorsement of the hardworking men and women of the   maineaflcio  mepolitics  me02… 
good to meet with nevada cattlemens association to discuss the payment in lieu if taxes program for our nevada commu…
trumpcare is an unnecessarily cruel attack on sick people and hardworking americans pushed by the gop to pay for t…
good news   400k  epa brownfields grants to revitalize camden neighborhoods & spur economic growth camden rising…
did you know delaware s office of women s advancement & advocacy is on twitter  stay connected   delawarewomen…
   i worked with  househomeland chairman  repmccaul to seek the capture of fugitives so they can stand trial for crimes they are alleged   
rt  ktmch  loved meeting with and listening to  repvisclosky  incredible insight  wisdom  and fight in this man  i stand with p p we are p p htt…
the senate has introduced the d r e a m act we need this legislation to defend d a c a and stand up for our d r e a mers
read my opening statement here 
i joined more than 100 of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to call on this administration to commemorate th…
scott pruitt refused to accept responsibility for his many ethical failings as he dodged blame in congressional hea…
honored to be this year s 2018 undergraduate  ramapocollegenj commencement keynote speaker  go roadrunners 
rt  hispaniccaucus  this is just one of the lives that the white house and republican leaders are playing politics with  we are here to say…
happy birthday georgia 
also this morning - stopped by the charlestown little league opening day parade  great to see so many families and…
the 2nd set of break-out sessions is getting ready to wrap up which means the 3rd annual veterans university is com…
the trump shutdown… -threatens public health & consumer safety -disrupts our economy & job creation -blocks service…
rt  thetoddschulte  now and new  50 republicans join over 180 republicans for the  queen of the hill  rule to try to force a debate/series…
tonight we kick-off part two of our gun violence town hall  if you can t join us  follow and contribute to the conv…
the internet is a public space for education  self-expression  and entertainment  it belongs to everyone  certainly…
so great to welcome home veteran hector barajas  hector served in the army  then was later deported  after being aw…
more good news for dc in the omnibus  we have prevented new anti-home-rule riders from being attached  dc s death…
last week  i voted to keep the government open because i stand with military personnel in my district  i ve got you…
two out of three jobs created in rhode island in the coming years will require education or training beyond high sc…
republicans are afraid of their most extreme elements- putting partisanship and extremism ahead of common sense  c…
rt  tothecontrary  here  eleanornorton talks about issuing sexual harassment guidelines while she was chairman of the eeoc during the carte…
trump condensed  my senior policy advisor  i had nothing to do with him  my campaign chairman  only with me for a…
i had such a fun time taking selfies and jamming out to bruno mars with  kaylascourt  delaware s miss amazing 2018 …
today at my visit to credo high school  the students gave me this list they put together of all the school shooting…
the project  which will create about 100 construction jobs  was funded in large part by a 2014  usdot tiger grant t…
new on langevin hits the rhode  i joined  senwhitehouse  davidcicilline  govraimondo and state leaders to denounce th…
thanks for your dedication to accessible health care 
estaré con  nycimmigrants y  repjoecrowley en la celebración de una feria de recursos de inmigración este domingo d…
rt  mikespinale  it was a tough decision  but i voted for  capuano4senate  i ll be happy with whoever wins tho  masen
thanks  massretirees for hosting me this morning in somerville for a great discussion about public service 
if you need help with a federal agency  my office can assist you  my casework staff will be at the  snoislelibrary…
trump s  dhsgov ended tps status for thousands of immigrants whose home countries remain ravished by hardship  prou…
rt  azlalib  thank you  repdavid  repraulgrijalva &  repohalleran for taking the time to talk to our legislative chair erin macfarlane abou…
g o p tax scam eliminates vital tax deductions and threatens medicaid & medicare  which many americans in the bronx…
by vastly increasing bureaucratic red tape faced by needy families  and by cutting benefits  the gop farm bill mana…
watch live now at
rt  repbarbaralee  this is horrific  my prayers are with those killed & injured in gaza  the u s  should be laying the groundwork for peac…
americans deserve the truth about russian hacking in us elections  oversight committee leadership must do its job 
after serving our country  veterans deserve our support to restart their lives back at home  the sba s network of v…
chag pesach same ach to all of our friends who are celebrating passover 
students can t focus on learning if they are worried or fearful about discrimination and harassment  let s protect…
mike clink  ann mincieli  & ivan barias  these music producers might not be as famous as the superstars they collab…
so  my question for  houseagnews is  if you re concerned with  getting the policy right   then why aren t we taking…
government may be shutdown  but i m here in washington working for my constituents 
the united states has an obligation under domestic and international law to consider requests for asylum  despite…
great meeting with  nevadabar president gene leverty  who stopped by my office today to discuss funding for…
rt  rmanning47    repschrader calls  opb chemawa stories  deeply troubling   schrader looks to  devise a course of action to investigate th…
we are stronger when we build deep coalitions to advocate for justice  proud to join  ajclatino and  mmviverito for…
for decades  the u s  and japan have enjoyed a close alliance that is characterized by a mutual understanding of e…
all americans stand with our canadian neighbors on this tragic day  sending my prayers to the victims of this terri…
for consideration 
about to talk w/  c4show  wbalradio about the shutdown   a path forward  the american people want us to work together  tune in 
testifying in front of the house transportation  housing and urban development subcommittee on appropriations to di…
rt  housescience    replipinski s h r  5086  the innovators to entrepreneurs act of 2018  co-sponsored by  repwebster  has been approved by…
rt  deantscott   the competition is predatory   repmarcykaptur scolds  secretaryperry  houseappropsgop panel hearing  saying trump would cu…
committee republicans just voted to declassify their spin  memo  and prohibit release of the democratic response in…
proud to support manufacturing day today  manufacturing workers are testament to the wealth and strength of the nwi…
rt  govmarkdayton  we re 2  minnesota is the second strongest state in the u s   according to  politico  learn more about the ranking here…
fun night celebrating 43 years of the napa valley grapegrowers and honoring steve moulds as grower of the year  tha…
if you watch  salon  i ll be chatting about big guns with  andohehir at around 3 30 e s  t 
thank you to everyone who said hello to me at the dcca retreat in orlando  we had a great time 
home visiting program is effective and we got a big win with a five-year continuation free of poison pills  your wo…
thanks to everyone who joined me for my telephone town hall tonight  it s always a joy talking to you  the people i…
rt  foxbusiness    cbrangel wants to rebuild the party of lincoln  election day election2016
mothers are breadwinners in half of families with children under 18  not having paidleave means some mothers will…
great meeting with blanca castro and rita saenz from  aarpca  we discussed a number of key issues facing our…
 potus if that s not the height of hypocrisy  then i don t know what is
rt  audreycoopersf  swalwell is also preaching the dems  message for mid-terms  essentially  hard work should mean something in america and…
i ll be joining  buzzfeednews  am2dm  just after 10am et to break down how working families are abandoned by the…
i co-introduced a resolution today to reverse the fcc s shameful repeal of net neutrality  it has the support of 50…
as we work to solve our nation s budget challenges  we cannot afford to let our youngest citizens bear the brunt of future cuts 
after the terrorist attack in san bernardino  republicans couldn t muster the courage to support universal backgrou…
rt  cbsnews  florida gop congressman and army veteran brian mast is calling for a ban on assault weapons purchases  he writes in new york t…
one year ago  president trump and house republicans celebrated their vote to repeal the affordable care act – which…
please see my floor statement on the great dr  martin luther king  jr   who stood against hate and bigotry  dr  kin…
momsdontneed to choose between a child s health and a paycheck  moms need paidsickdays laws like the healthy fami…
rt  hardball  this administration  continues to divide america up and offer a series of solutions that comes only for a part of america at…
i find purple and gold everywhere i go  especially in the chihuly garden and glass exhibit  go huskies purple reign…
climate change impacts more than just our environment – it puts fl s economy at risk 
these requirements are little more than a republican talking point  e g   gabudget   research shows work requiremen…
republicans just raised taxes on my constituents and millions of hardworking families  under the guise of a middle-…
rt  oversightdems  breaking   oversightdems ask gowdy to subpoena documents withheld by trump administration on russian attacks on 21 state…
rt  catholicconfil  look at this turnout for   replipinski at   stchristinascl in   chicathschools  the congressman introduced a resolutio…
rt  officialcbc  watch our prebuttal state of the union press conference on how the cbc will  stare racism in the face  tonight 
read how rep  tulsi gabbard s securing america s elections act would protect the country s election infrastructure…
the  fcc may have dismantled net neutrality  but  senatedems are one step closer to forcing a vote to…
light it up blue april is autism awareness month it was great to have  dmariept from  autismspeaks stop by my office…
republicans spent all their time & votes on tax breaks for corporations & the wealthiest  now  they have no energy…
at a time when some leaders are undermining research & science  i am encouraging our students to explore  question…
⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ for helpfulness in deciding how highly to regard the book 
the  fcc announced that net neutrality ends on june 11 unless we stop it  in the 21st century  access to a free and…
rt  holly_harris  fyi  bipartisan cjreform is alive and well  per my panel buddies from across the aisle   tgowdysc &  repcardenas  we al…
proud to cosponsor  repjerrynadler bill to protect mueller investigation--identical to bipartisan legislation in se…
rt  homelanddems  hearing on the  fema workforce w/ ranking member  reploucorrea just began  video & more info-----------------------&gt 
barbara bush was a noble woman who lived her life with grace  determination and courage  my condolences to the bush…
enjoyed showing  repcheri a proud wi manufacturer  they are key to the rural economy 
my good friend larry clark  former mayor of rancho palos verdes  has just passed away after a 5 year battle with pa…
can ag sessions and the trump administration not find something more productive to do with its time than wage war…
 get ready russia 
want to see the real impact of the g o p tax scam on working people  tune in at 1 30 pm et as we hear straight from wo…
only 5 days left to get your signed bookplate  pre-order big guns today  gunlobby…
in the  avalanche s first season in denver  they won the stanley cup  they did it again in 2001  good luck tonight…
today  i ll be in montgomery for the unveiling of the first ever memorial to victims of lynching and racial terror…
rt  halinaking2001  i did the national school walkout with two friends  we were the only ones who did it  we stood outside the school for 13…
 housegop americans need 2018 farm bill to help families struggling with hunger by strengthening  snap   making real…
on mother s day  i want to pay tribute to all the mothers who have helped each and every one of us succeed  my wife…
rt  fscdems   congress should be strengthening prohibitions on kickbacks  not weakening them  we should enable borrowers to get the best pr…
rt  eagles  we all we got   sblii  | fly eagles fly
looking forward to hosting a public meeting tmw about including piedras blancas in ca coastal monument  info here 
if feels like the best thing that could happen for american education today is for betsy devos to take a strong sta…
rt  ncbaclusa  thanks  nydiavelazquez and  repstevechabot for you hard work passing  hr5236  the main street employee ownership act  learn m…
repairing the offutt afb runway was a priority of mine when i went to washington  with bipartisan support we secure…
i met with the disabled american veterans department of ma this week to discuss the importance of the va system  we…
on 11-1  the va will accept apps for vet id cards   & enrollment for vet health id cards
i m starting my cinco de mayo celebrations early by dancing with some amazing constituents in queens 
that s why i recently helped introduce new legislation – the community broadband act – that will help ensure that m…
very sad news  mayor hendrick was a friend & great local partner in  ny04   praying for his family & loved ones 
if you haven t read this story about senator mccain and his time as a pow  you need to 
those who have served their time deserve the right to vote  thank you  nygovcuomo for taking this historic step for…
rt  waysmeanscmte   tbt  to when republicans used their tax bill to sabotage americans  health care  knowing these would be the outcomes  ht…
tamara jones is one of our community s finest  during the fires  she volunteered her time to help evacuees find foo…
rt  mayitaalcaldesa  it was very nice meeting with  reprichardneal to discuss about the current situation in puerto rico and the efforts we…
today we hosted our first bagelswith brad for visiting constituents  we ll be holding these on wednesdays at 9am et…
great to again gather with african american leaders in our community for a wide-ranging lunch discussion  we ll kee…
scott pruitt needs to be held accountable for his failures at  epa  that s why i m supporting a resolution that cal…
rt  anahihurtado_  new article is up  loved hearing from  repdarrensoto and  repjenniffer last night  events like these make me so proud to…
rt  yourbarriofl  thank you  pwmspirates for hosting  repdarrensoto at parkway middle school in kissimmee for your…
rt  pcgtw    repmikehonda says no t p p in lame-duck   isds  gives corporations a weapon to enforce their agendas on nations 
wonderful news  congratulations  senduckworth and family 
head over to and sign up for affordable coverage before it s too late  deadline is friday …
this is a dereliction of duty  period 
joined sense  student environmental network for a sustainable earth   edisonnj earth day celebration 
sign up to circulate petitions this week in evanston  skokie  or arlington heights  if you d rather petition   
glad to join the community of north park in wishing everyone happy holidays 
award-winning artist  hankwthomas is  making black history every day        and he s a new jersey native …
glad to see signs of bipartisan support to prevent hot car deaths among us kids   
trump said his nuclear button  what button   is bigger than kim jong un s nuclear button  so are trump s gargantuan…
in congress  when i go to cast my vote  i walk past a hallway displaying the artwork of students from across the co…
taking time today to remember the men and women who made the ultimate sacrifice serving our country  we honor their bravery and service 
way to go  nassauboces  our economy needs more well-trained  and well-paid  skilled laborers  preparing students to…
after listening to local leaders  experts  and people in recovery  today i announced priorities for addressing the…
facts  california crime rates are at or near all time lows  there is no statistical link between immigrants and vio…
happy 215th birthday  ohio 
the president s reluctance to take get serious about russia is baffling and dangerous  we can t solve syria without…
had a great time at the  bacopolicefire precinct 9 police & community relations council annual dinner this weekend …
i had the pleasure of talking about the connections between research and federal policy with wesley college student…
today  marks the fourth anniversary of the city of flint s water being switched  contaminating the city s water sup…
urging all in leilani estates to stay informed and safe  and follow mandatory evacuation notice from civil defense …
instead of working to reduce premiums and expand access to quality affordable health care  republicans in congress…
111 days ago republicans passed the g o p tax scam – exploding deficits by  1 5 trillion  today  they will vote to man…
honored the sacrifices of our military personnel  their families  medal of honor recipients and our allies during t…
rt  repsarbanes   repterrisewell  mickmulvaneyomb   repterrisewell  right there with you  proud to put my constituents  interests ahead of…
very excited to host the 3rd annual veterans university  looking fwd to seeing vets  service members their families…
rt  adamekaplan  good conversation  chaldeanchamber business lunch w  repsandylevin  mikebishopmi johnmolinar talking tax reform etc
rt  cspan    repalgreen   there will be another vote to impeach this president  
  housegop and the fec refuse to shine a light on anonymous election spending by outside groups  now  courts have a…
rt  reppeteking  bipartisan news conference in hauppauge this morning with  repleezeldin and  reptomsuozzi  joined by state and town offici…
rt  housedemocrats  help prevent the abuse of prescription drugs by taking part in national take back day  find where you can dispose of unu…
i ve got three new neighbors arriving soon 
americans deserve equal access to quality highered and a chance to succeed in our economy  i oppose the  housegop …
tomorrow at 11 30 est rep  conyers  chrismurphyct &  senmarkey to discuss their bill demanding congressional approval before an attack on nk
rt  repjoseserrano  proud 2 introduce bill w/ cbrangel  repeliotengel & others 2 rename bronx post office after dr  roscoe c  brown jr  ht…
rt  nancypelosi  wishing the very best to  repanthonybrown  rest up & we ll see you back in the people s house soon 
rt  repdankildee  icymi   repswalwell was in flint with me to talk about investing in older  industrial cities  we had a great future foru…
my thought and prayers go out to the families of the two des moines officers who were killed this morning   ne02 
quite the opposite  mr  president  the most important fact disclosed in this otherwise shoddy memo was that fbi inv…
net neutrality protects our freedom of speech online & enables our thriving internet economy  we cannot let it go d…
today we celebrate constitution day2017  in ic get your free pocket const at  uilibraries main desk   hardinlib   thejavahouse &  tspoonsic
great to see big guns in the window of burton s bookstore in  greenport_ny
this week i ve been in wisconsin & meeting with farmers about what they want to see changed in the upcoming farm bi…
it is not too late to sign up for health insurance  new york s health insurance open enrollment ends on january 31s…
thank you to the students at theodore judah elementary school for letting me drop by  it was great to hear from you…
rt  ndrnadvocates  check this out   repjohnlarson stopped by disability rights connecticut to give them a signed copy of the new law that p…
make no mistake  i am fighting to reinstate net neutrality  the internet belongs in the hands of regular people – n…
the trump budget makes massive cuts to programs that help people find a job or move to a better-paying career  amer…
there s so much work left to be done  from witnesses that should be compelled to testify to phone records that shou…
indonesia is the largest economy in southeast asia and a vital buyer of texan goods and services  i discussed the i…
you re right  this bill does leave dreamers behind  but you created this crisis  you ended the daca program  you l…
what he said 
it s national small business week  queens and the bronx are home to some incredible smallbusinesses  like…
stopped by the montero medical missions 2018 health fair for veterans this afternoon in chesapeake
 unfortunately  one evening s speech does not erase a conflict-ridden  chaotic year that has driven our country eve…
mr  president  on television you admitted to  lesterholtnbc that you fired fbi director james comey because of the…
fellow democrats on  energycommerce and i have written to chairman  repgregwalden  hold hearings on gunviolence no…
today in womens history month  i want to recognize dr  halle tanner dillon johnson  the first licensed female doctor…
rt  lizwolkomir  while work helps people out of poverty  harsh work requirements that take away food from struggling families can deepen po…
no  mr  vice president  that s false  the intelligence community reached no conclusion as to whether russia s actio…
please join us for a temporary protected status  tps  information session on tuesday  march 13th at 6 30pm  reps fr…
rt  repyvetteclarke  there have been media reports about how more than 3 000 russian ads were bought on facebook to incite racial & religio…
rt  nbcpolitics  just in  former vp biden on white house aide s comments about sen  mccain   people have wondered when decency would hit…
i am on the house floor managing two bills i wrote to protect congressional staff from sexual harassment  watch he…
i will oppose the gop farm bill in its current draft  losing a job  becoming ill and caring for children or an agin…
congratulations to  dhamiltonwbal on your retirement after 22 years with wbal-tv  baltimore will miss you   wbaltv11 🎉🎉🎉
rt  kathymegan  nationalwalkout bulkeley students w posters of parkland victims
rt  kurteichenwald  former cia director discloses  the  jade helm  conspiracy that sent fox et  al  into a tizzy that obama would take over…
today s  uscbo report shows the true cost of the  housegop s huge tax breaks for big corporations & billionaires  e…
womens history month dr  ellen ochoa is the first hispanic director and second female to hold the title as a directo…
confirmed   budgethawks  america s top budget watchdog  says trump policies have guaranteed permanent trillion-doll…
deeply honored to be named a top 2018 tech women by  fedscoop 
rt  repvaldemings  i don t have all the answers to gunviolence and gunsafety  but i want to figure it out and i want to do it with you  …
please pay attention to the hiwx and drive safe  hitraffic
was proud to stand with over 75 members of organized labor  elected officials and community leaders for a gotv rall…
the house of representatives has held 43 moments of silence to remember victims of mass shootings  enough is enough…
rt  nellisafb  on wednesday  the thunderbirds commemorated the amazing life of maj  stephen  cajun  del bagno  thunderbird 4/slot pilot  at…
taking place in middle of investigation into cyber attack on us and trump involvement  this shatters public confidence in our systems   2/2 
there are crucial deadlines coming up for  tps  recipients  hondurans and nicaraguans must renew their status before…
  potus just released a contraception rule that would rip guaranteed birthcontrol away from countless women 
rt  usarmy  today  on national vietnam war veterans day  we honor the service and sacrifice of all vietnam war veterans and their families  h…
over half of small biz owners said the g o p tax scam will not give them an equal playing field  we have to do more to…
rt  acscanin  we had a great meeting with  repvisclosky this afternoon  thanks for your time  cancer lobby day
saturday s march for our lives was just part i  watch today s student leaders snap congress out of business as usual …
 plymouthstate thank you for having me and for your dedication to promoting  stem  education 
four years later  the flint water crisis is still not over  dont forget flint
  markwarner is right   realdonaldtrump is not above the law  he cannot and will not evade accountability  the muel…
rt  officialcbc    whokjones c b c demands justice
as we mark the 1-month anniv of pulse shooting   gopoversight is holding a hearing to erase lgbt protections  a new level of insensitivity 
a new study found u s  consumers throw out nearly a pound of food each day  that equates to about 30% of the averag…
rt  finlitcaucus  icymi  caucus co-chairs  repstevestivers and  repbeatty recently introduced legislation to better empower students to mak…
rt  necouncil    repjoekennedy thanks  necouncil for work to bring new england region together around important issues  capital conversatio…
enjoyed meeting with  unicefusa today who spoke about their work putting children first  also  glad to hear that m…
food stamp recipients should be able to buy food from the grocery store just like you and i  what they re trying to…
thankful to  jerrynadler  repdougcollins  repgoodlatte and all stakeholders for their leadership and partnership in…
open enrollment has begun  if you purchase your health insurance  now is the time to shop for your plan for 2018 …
i am not the least bit surprised that  epascottpruitt is pushing to weaken airquality regulations  we must stand for environmentaljustice 
womens history month is a time to celebrate the incredible contributions of women who have shaped our society  there…
i ll be joining  thereval this morning around 8 15 am et on  politicsnation  tune in 
over the past months  i ve heard from thousands of constituents regarding gun violence -- parents worried for their…
rt  mayorharrykim  eruption update for may 10 at 0900  mayorharrykim
taking time today to remember those we lost and to thank those who serve  our nation and our lives move forward but we never forget 
rt  dominicholden    repjoekennedy and 4 other members of congress just asked to meet with trump s cabinet to discuss their  relentless ass…
rt  marylandpirg   marylandvoting  repsarbanes  bencardinformd  chrisvanhollen  stenyhoyer  repcummings  repraskin  repanthonybrown  call_m…
gun violence is a public health crisis that we must do everything we can to prevent  that s why i support legislati…
i stand with the students across the country who are walking out of their classrooms today to call for responsible…
dismantling critical environmental protections  ignoring climate change  blatantly misusing taxpayer money  lying t…
i m honored to celebrate the opening of raleigh union station  a multi-modal facility that will help meet the needs…
rt  twusamwilkins  proud to call  repgaramendi my congressman  he fights for workers and does important work on the transportation and inf…
year-round pell grant eligibility for students that loebsack &  repcheri fought for included in today s omnibus legislation
yet   housegop & trump brought us  hr6392   1st step in gop agenda to deregulate wall street by rolling back those very protections  2/
rt  danrather  enjoyed and learned from interview today with california dem rep   tedlieu on my  radioandysxm radio program dan rathers amer…
rt  nowthisnews   the silence answers my question   — rep  maloney grilled his republican colleagues for putting new restrictions on food a…
rt  projectbread   repmcgovern  marty_walsh thank you rep  mcgovern for joining us today & for your always inspiring words  can t thank you…
great to meet w/ my friend  amandaseales today  she s using her platform as an actress  singer & businesswoman to s…
 marcmagus no  we don t - but we do rt supporters as they re talking about the campaign  we ve got lots of people talking today  thanks 
rt  opp_helps_youth  many thanks to congressman  repjoecourtney for visiting  wpathacademy  and for supporting our students and  opp_helps_…
please rt given ongoing  usps failures in  ny17   i sent a letter to the postmaster general calling for  1  a com…
rt  whiphoyer  a few reminders  mr  president  1  you ended  daca  & created this crisis  2  you ve rejected every bipartisan solution put f…
congratulations  conorlambpa18 - i m looking forward to working with you to grow our economy  raise wages and put h…
rt  utphysicians  today is the big day  we are celebrating the grand opening of ut physicians - jensen from 10am-1pm  the clinic is located…
rt  janschakowsky  today  all 11 dems in the house sent governor rauner a letter asking him  yet again  to get engaged and work with us on…
trump shutdown fact  this is the 2nd gop shutdown in 5 years  it s the fifth time the gop has shut down the governm…
it was humbling to join team26 today as they rode into washington and to urge republican leaders to take action to…
my statement today in ways & means oversight subcommittee hearing on social security representative payee program
january 10  2018 – california state university at san bernardino  san bernardino  california photo  calstate 4/19
people of munich  please stay safe & off the streets  i will continue to monitor this situation  keeping germany in my thoughts & prayers 
the judiciary cmte hearing on social media filtering practices & free speech is underway  tune in …
la semana pasada  la cámara federal aprobó la ley para la supervisión  administración y estabilidad económica de pr o promesa 
today underscores the importance of diplomacy as the three american prisoners freed from north korea arrived back…
wishing everyone a happy and safe thanksgiving holiday 
rt  vetaffairsdems  if you or someone you know is a veteran in crisis  you can call 1-800-273-8255 & press 1  chat online at
i was happy to join martin luther king iii and his wife andrea at congressional ceremony commemorating the 50th ann…
i was beaten  left bloody and unconscious so that every american has the right to vote  friends of mine gave their lives  do your part  vote
happy mother s day to my amazing mom  she sacrificed so much for me and my brothers & sisters  her example pushes m…
in a survey of 1 100 active duty troops  25% saw examples of white natioanlism among fellow service members  i m as…
trump fights for  jobs in china  the same week china loaned his business venture half a billion dollars  trump is…
while republicans voted for the trumpcare monstrosity that would have sent health costs soaring  democrats are sta…
on friday i sat down with g  michael dobbs of  thereminderma at  focusspfld studios to talk about shutdown…
now more than ever  it s important to protect the beautiful land and water we have in western and central wisconsin…
rt  lcvoters  today at 2pm  we re joining  virginialcv &  repmceachin to highlight the harmful impacts of coal ash  learn more here 
rt  greghinz  what have probes of  realdonaldtrump campaign/russia involvement really found so far  way more than is needed to keep going …
 when we talk about tech and ai being infallible  we forget that humans are in the driver s seat  - great point by…
 2/  a real irs agent will not call or visit you and demand immediate payment by prepaid debit card  gift card or w…
pleased to report that  after a request from puerto rico gov   ricardorossello and a bipartisan effort by members o…
rt  dberrygannett  lawmakers want to turn home of civil rights icon medgar evers into national monument via  usatod…
  emmanuelmacron visited congress today  his visit is a good reminder that america can create more opportunities fo…
rt  philiprucker  it is extraordinary how much corruption  eilperin   brady_dennis and other journalists continue to uncover at the epa le…
rt  kim_yaman  north carolina students are tremendous 
buses in westchester serve literally tens of millions of people every year  and give residents more choices on ho…
rt  edshow  ➨ 30 minutes to edshow w/ sensherrodbrown  larry cohen  cwaunion on  tpp    repjimmcdermott on staples obamacare at 5pet/4pct…
rt  allaboveall   if you think you re left out in the cold today  imagine being a refugee left out in the cold by the us government   -  re…
if house gop is *actually* worried about the children s health insurance program  why have they let it remain unfunded since september  🤔
the g o p tax scam will add  1 8 trillion to the deficit over the next decade  rt if you agree  housegop-led congress…
hope to see you today at the women in stem forum  we ll be talking about the opportunities and challenges for women…
i went to public schools  my children went to public schools  and more than 50 million children in our country go t…
visited  rutgersu today w  scottgottliebmd to tour the campus  center for structured organic particulate systems 
today  i spoke w/ braude & eagan on  bospublicradio listen to our discussion on recent eo & my airport safety bill 
more highway lanes won t fix this  we need modern technology  not more of the same 20th cent  tech that s causing t…
a big congratulations to my staffer colleen carlos  the recipient of women in government relations  2017 congressional staff award   wgrdc
19 yrs ago 13 lives were ended too soon  since columbine  the american ppl have called for change  but congressiona…
two-time national book award winner  jesmimi is  making black history every day  through literature and teaching  h…
hundreds of millions of new dollars to support public transit projects and an additional  1 billion to support tige…
arizona overperformance is another powerful indicator  a blue wave is coming 
can ted nugent  who gave us the immortal  yank me crank me    really comment on the souls of parkland students speak 
experts on government ethics have confirmed that scott pruitt s deal to accept housing from lobbyists was improper …
rt  hispaniccaucus  republicans and democrats agree— it s time to find a legislative solution for dreamers  these young people have waited…
the other workers were devastated  but they were also filled with fury  they had worked for years without sufficien…
the 2016 election is increasingly looking like a crime scene  help protect the special counsel  and pass  hr5764 … 
rt  coveredca  covered c a encourages consumers who still need health insurance for 2018 to beat the rush and enroll this week before the ja…
rt  adl_national  today we are all called  dignity can not be bargained away  we have learned a painful lesson  hatred is not harmless  if…
no family should have to choose between putting food on the table and affording their lifesaving prescription drugs…
interested in applying to a u s  service academy 
rt  cristianpnews  vietnam veteran johnnie johnson received his vietnam service medal today courtesy of congressman jimmy panetta  johnson…
2/2 -- it s time to end the status quo of career politicians  being a member of congress should not be a lifetime c…
rt  lpclife  the michigan city municipal airport was awarded a  150 000 grant to improve runway safety
the non-partisan numbers suggest the gop tax bill squeezes middle class and blows up the debt to give big tax breaks to wealthy & corps  2/
the opioid epidemic is devastating communities in new hampshire and across the country  it s critical that the phar…
the  nra is not as powerful as the will of the american people  we can end gun violence if we are as brave as the st…
 2/2  his retirement should also be a wakeup call to the  gop  – the american people have had it with backroom deali…
thank you for joining us   hughcwelsh 
sorry to miss the annual armenian flag raising ceremony to honor the victims of the armenian genocide and mr  ara b…
 wsdot_520 groundbreaking makes way for new transit-bike-enviro friendly sr520  also ramps 2 nowhere are coming down 
my staff and i are closely monitoring this situation and i expect answers  saheed vassell
excited to celebrate janet nguyen as the  ca13  winner for the 2018 congressional art competition – her painting is…
rt  1a  did you know 1a also has a podcast  this week you ll find conversations with two journalists —  jaketapper and  wakeup2politics  a…
rt  kelliemeyernews  hurricane hit territories on the path to recovery  i explain  staceyplaskett plan to rebuild 
happy 106th birthday   girlscouts 
rt  sallyqyates  for 27 years  i was privileged to work with the thousands of career doj lawyers and fbi agents who work hard every day to…
  epa s proposed repeal of the clean power plan is unlawful for at least 4 reasons  first  repealing the…
the news of another chemical attack in syria is horrific  we need a clear and consistent strategy in the region tha…
we must resist those that want to normalize sexism  racism  homophobia  and islamophobia 
ty for coming to last night s community townhall in windsor with assemblymember  jimwoodad2  it s always great to…
with home prices and rents on the rise  this year s bipartisan spending bill increased funding for critical afforda…
exciting that the winter olympics are in full swing  let s go team u s a 
the pressure congress receives from advocacy is what helps move the needle forward to increase diversity in the tec…
rt  dtruscello215  great event today honoring my grandfather by renaming the 1300 block of s  broad to  jimmy tayoun way  thank you to all…
 _jessherbst -mayor of new hope  texas  working to improve infrastructure and quality of life  while advocating for…
rt  azfamily  arizona now has a state dinosaur thanks to an 11-year-old from scottsdale  dougducey
rt  glsen   repkihuen thanks for your support 
i want to thank  repcohen for cosponsoring the house bill to save net neutrality 
i hope they will march to speaker ryan and ask for a moment of action and to their nearest republican member of con…
we were able to reduce wait times for first time va claims  we now need to do that for appeals  veterans are waitin…
rt  rulesdemocrats  today the rules committee will meet on more  housegop bills that ignore the real issues facing our country  it s past t…
i stand with our british allies as they take all appropriate steps to stand up to outrageous russian attacks on the…
i had a great time this weekend with the local letter carriers in aurora for the annual  nalc_national stamp out hu…
proud to have supported this extension effort with pr gov  ricardorossello  per  fema map  florida has the largest…
by refusing to make his tax returns public  the  realdonaldtrump implies he s hiding important information from the…
rt  ac360  rep  keith ellison  scott pruitt should resign
the spending bill we just passed included  122 million for the international thermonuclear experimental reactor pro…
having an accurate 2020 census is responsible governing  something republicans don t know how to do  their attacks…
dreamers  if you missed the october 5 deadline you can still apply to renew your  daca   get more info here →
american classrooms shouldn t look like this  and they don t have to  congress must act  national school walkout…
i ve offered two amendments to the faa reauthorization act that will further ensure our nation s airline passengers…
  senatemajldr refuses to take up legislation to limit the president s ability to fire the special counsel  continu…
rt  ssworks    replindasanchez  repmikehonda  repmarkpocan ready to introduce their ss expansion legislation  social security
rt  replawrence  the flint water crisis is not an anomaly—what happened to flint is a warning to all americans  many communities are one mi…
glad to join my  capac colleagues in commemorating asian pacific american heritage month
neil degrasse tyson says the great thing about science is that it s true whether or not you believe in it  that s w…
  epascottpruitt has shown time again he is not fit to lead the epa  he not only acted unethically  but his disastr…
rt  reploisfrankel  the flint crisis still isn t over  it should be a wake-up call that congress must make critical investments in water in…
of course  i am in cannon 228  my door is always open 
seems awfully convenient  scottwalker is suddenly interested in saving obamacare from  gop sabotage    he s dead…
was invited as special guest speaker to  nyudental to discuss how we can provide better oral hygiene access to peop…
an insidious attempt to undermine public trust  incite fear  and rig the 2020 census with alternative facts  trump…
i ve offered a congressional resolution to recognize the incredible new  thenordicmuseum as our national nordic mus…
honored to receive 100% on  fpaction s food policy scorecard  see more scores --&gt  votefood
i was glad to join the yom ha atzmaut community celebration for the 70th anniversary of israeli independence day at…
rt  hrc  thanks  nancypelosi for a great meeting with  lgbtq  activists from around the world  including a group of  hrc global innovators …
rt  sigtarp    repjohnlewis on sigtarp audit of  ga_dca   time and time again  the agency failed to reach georgia homeowners 
for 70 years  israelis have had to defend their country from enemies aiming to destroy its very existence  on yom h…
the affordable care act guarantees that insurance companies cannot discriminate against americans with pre-existing…
or   nratv we can meet today - the anniversary of the columbine massacre 
over 1 2 million new yorkers living with pre-existing conditions would have faced serious new costs if trumpcare b…
rt  homelanddems  today the election security task force released it s final report  read it here now 
if  realdonaldtrump was really committed to our service members he would be committed to getting the facts straight…
rt  repdennyheck  i joined my colleagues in taking a stand for our right to review  potus  foreign transactions  no one above the law
it was great to see  officialmlk3 during today s congressional ceremony honoring the life and legacy of the rev  dr…
i was outraged  but not surprised  to learn about the charges the sec & doj brought against equifax execs for insi…
somehow  i don t think he s going to make the grade this year 
rt  nwcwolfwatcher   lorettasanchez thank you for voting no on amdmt  73 & 78 yesterday  big howls to you 
what might you have in common with 100k other people  if you ve donated to team grayson then you are part of over 1…
rt  winwithoutwar  thank you  repsusandavis  repgaramendi  repadamsmith for taking on out-of-control nuclear spending and a nuclear weapo…
best of luck to burlington native  itsthelaw_ler at the 2018  paralympics  we re cheering you on from vermont 
rt  usgsvolcanoes   hvo  kilauea video update may 13  new fissure 17 ne of 16  0 5 mi s of hwy 132  lava spatter & sluggish flow but no l…
93% of nepalis originally displaced by the 2015 earthquakes are still living in temporary housing  nepal t p s must b…
as a member of congress  i have a greater responsibility than offering thoughts and prayers  just as congress has a…
house passes  repespaillat amendment no  43 to the federal aviation administration  faa  reauthorization…
rt  sbaseattle  did you know that washington small businesses employ 1 3 million people  or 51 4% of the private workforce  thanks to all…
the aapi community has made exceptional contributions to our country throughout history  a a p i month
the  housejudiciary committee has the privilege of debating some of the most important  and often controversial  is…
today marks one year since house republicans passed their devastating  aca  repeal bill  which would have ripped hea…
i m very proud to be on the house floor right now with  repjohnlewis and my house colleagues to demand no bill no break
to celebrate womens history month  team gottheimer attended the bergen county women s history month event  congratul…
 train the mind  the body will follow   he may play for the warriors  but  stephencurry30 s message on mental healt…
while  potus spent the weekend abandoning dreamers and vilifying immigrants  thousands of military members serving…
trump seems increasingly unable to do the actual work of being president while dealing with his growing scandals an…
just spoke with colleagues  repperlmutter and  dankildee on the house floor about protecting our democracy and the…
happy veterans day  our men and women in uniform have risked their lives to protect and serve our country at home a…
amen -- let s go to work 
this afternoon saheed vassell was shot and killed in crown heights  i am shocked and angered by this news  my deepe…
 govwalker once again  govwalker misses the point  he continues to ignore what is best for wi taxpayers & wi famili…
this am i talked w/  nataliebrandk5 about how america can counter russian aggression against our allies and online …
there is hope for d r e a mers  i look forward to studying the bipartisan deal & finally give our dreamers the protection they deserve 
today s politics  in a nutshell 
every day americans are killed by guns  this time in a nashville restaurant   speakerryan  over 90% of americans…
complacido con la asignación de sobre  12 millones al programa de mejoramiento de escuelas en pr por parte del dept  de educación de eu 
climate change is real & protecting the environment is a matter of health & safety  it remains important that we co…
merck s ken frazier stood 10 ft tall resigning from wh advisry council  to take a stand against intolerance and extremism   charlottesville
frederick douglass born 200 years ago  he once said   power concedes nothing without a demand  it never did and it…
in massachusetts alone  trumpcare would have meant 328 100 people losing coverage including 234 600 people with me…
the 9 million children who are insured under the chip program will continue to be held in political limbo during the trump shutdown
rt  transportdems  today  rm  reppeterdefazio and aviation rm  repricklarsen sent a letter to  usdot expressing concerns about the faa s ov…
happy earth day  it s now more important than ever that we strengthen and renew our commitment to protect our envir…
as more states  including california  legalize and regulate marijuana  both for medicinal and recreational use  tur…
with climate change-deniers like president trump and scott pruitt at the helm  it s more important than ever before…
it was great to speak to  ttownhigh students about the issues that matter to them & the importance of civic engage…
rt  alexgangitano  when  repbobbyrush tweets a gif of one of your fav parks and rec lines
pleased to see that the bill i introduced with rep  david mckinley was mentioned in this report as the one bill tha…
we are continuing to hold  epascottpruitt accountable  we are making clear that he must be recused from the  epa s…
rt  realdanstoller  news   repjohndelaney &  reppeteolson call on  facebook to provide more information on they are implementing ai that  r…
 yellowlablover  socialsecurity my top priority is serving you and all of my constituents  thanks for giving us the opportunity to do so 
trumpcare is a bad bill because it eliminates essential health benefits and creates a new  age tax  on older americans
the trump administration s recent dismantling of civil rights protections for  lgbtq  students is alarming  the stud…
jade manufacturing is an integral part of rhode island s manufacturing revival  and i am thrilled they have been s…
such an honor to join  therac and  urjorg to speak with students about taking action to prevent gun violence …
congratulations to ray jardine & native hawaiian veterans  llc for being the 2nd runner up for the  sbagov small biz week nat l award 
preventing a nuclear-armed iran is critical to our national security and the safety of our allies in the middle eas…
proud to have worked with you 
regardless of political affiliation  this should terrify every american  propaganda
their software helps accelerate scientific discovery by providing researchers with robotic technology and software…
after an hour and a half of empty promises and pandering  trump s main focus for the new year is apparently infrast…
the state of michigan should provide bottled water to flint residents until every lead service line is removed  lis…
rt  housesbcdems  there is nothing  small  about the impact of small biz on the american economy  they have created 40% of all new jobs ove…
congresistas grijalva y young toman turnos a favor de promesa
rt  asnkidney  asn proud to announce 2014 asn presidents medal recipients kidney caucus chairs  reptommarino &  repjimmcdermott
i m proud to be an original cosponsor of the bill to save net neutrality to demonstrate to millions of americans tha…
first  repwilson  now  sengillibrand  who s next  this type of bigotry and sexism has no place in the white house …
thinking about cpl  ballard and his family today  a year after his life was taken in the line of duty  we re thankf…
with the decision to withdraw from the jcpoa  we must now move beyond partisan gridlock and implement a comprehensi…
california will take every measure available to prevent  realdonaldtrump s discriminatory action that harms or mar…
i ve also helped introduce bipartisan legislation that would expand the statute of the fair housing act to ban discr…
rt  deptofdefense  on this purple heart day and every day  we honor the brave men and women who have sacrificed for this nation  honor them…
rt  lizschrayer  amid global crises  smart bipartisan leg just introduced by  repeliotengel  judgetedpoe  repmccaul  repadamsmith  usrepkea…
rt  hispaniccaucus  we need the dream act now for brittany  she s a nurturing caregiver of two 14-month old twins and a dreamer whose  daca… 
due to extreme heat conditions  tomorrow s oakridge town hall will now be held at the willamette activity center…
proud to support legislation that will save the internet net neutrality
the american people deserve certainty in their government & shutting down is not the answer  offering funding solut…
in a chaotic white house  the only consistency has been that pres  trump believes he s above the law  we must…
on this week s episode of offthe cuff  i spoke with my  sotu  guest & veteran from fort bragg  lynda bengtsson-davis…
thank you  loyolachicago for inviting me and  rephultgren for a bipartisan discussion with students on civil discou…
the decision by the trump administration to withdraw from the paris climate deal is simply irresponsible 
the young people kneeling today are following a long tradition  take a knee goodtrouble
nra = no republican action these young people know what s up  speak your truth 
today is 78th ann of launch of kristallnacht  a night of violence & horror against jews in nazi german …
i m wearing purple in honor of international womens day  are you  we must celebrate the accomplishments of women t…
there are harmful proposed changes to the bill s nutrition title  i believe that these changes are a disservice to…
rt  b4stage4  rep   gracenapolitano kicks off today s congressional briefing on childhood depression hosted by  mentalhealtham  nami  aacap…
i appreciate the lake oswego rotary hosting me today to talk about my work in washington  thanks for all you do for…
let them hear you roar vote2016 election day
rt  repdonbacon   a bipartisan quartet of congressmen is pushing their house colleagues to support their effort for a new war authorization…
state department  negotiates treaties  assists americans overseas  represents america abroad-  25 billion  lockhee…
rt  constructionexc  buffalo niagara builders  association after a great meeting with congressman  repbrianhiggins about trade tariffs and…
at a time when white supremacist movements are marching in our streets and using nazi symbols and ideologies as ral…
rt  repbillfoster    realdonaldtrump has denied the science of climatechange and let  epascottpruitt gut environmental regulations  it s d…
republicans are red  democrats are blue  but america is stronger  when we work together  nationalpoetryday
it s been 8 years since the largest oil spill in american history  i cosponsored the safe c o a s t act to help…
we are shocked & dismayed by the lethal force used by israeli troops against mostly unarmed protestors demonstratin…
rt  energycommerce    dorismatsui  trump s budget makes it clear that his administration is not committed to fighting the opioid epidemic …
 bhm  spotlight  in 2001  ruth simmons became the first african american ivy-league president  after growing up on a…
had a wonderful visit to the national steel and shipbuilding company  i was also thrilled to be able to spend some…
immigrants make an enormous contribution to this nation  thank you to all the local leaders who joined me today in…
this year  latinas made 54 cents to their non-hispanic male counterparts and are the lowest paid workers of all eth…
we re the richest country in the world  yet millions of americans don t know when or what their next meal will be …
cryptocurrency can be a force for good  but we have to make sure it is not exploited by bad actors  this is why i…
what a beautiful day for the greek independence day parade  happy 197th anniversary 
rt  jondbn  u s   repmarcykaptur seeks relief for areas hit by nuclear plant closures  such as davis besse via  pcn…
 centeronbudget  amermedicalassn  aarp rt to tell gop leaders you oppose the worst version of trumpcare yet and st…
during national park week i am reminded just how lucky we are to have 15 great parks right here in massachusetts  v…
to recap what happened last year 
my heart breaks for all those who lost loved ones in today s terror attacks  including many journalists who were ki…
this year  president trump undermined pay data collection based on gender and race  which would ve allowed the eeoc…
rt  repdonbeyer  i agree with my friend  gerryconnolly  and support his call for an immediate hearing on the dc va medical center  our vete…
here s the real on  daca     so far   realdonaldtrump has only had to make imaginary decisions   you bring the bill…
proud to have passed several provisions into law that seek to help veterans with preventive care & employment oppo…
rt  nrdems  group of dems -  repraulgrijalva   repdonbeyer   repmceachin   replowenthal   nikiinthehouse - request  interior ig investigati…
rt  martinomalley  the democratic party stands for opportunity for all  no matter where you re born  in 2017 our nation chose opportunity f…
thank you for doing what scott pruitt refuses to do  fighting each day to protect our clean air 
i am inspired by the people at the  iiicenter business leaders breakfast who are raising awareness and resources to…
we are reminded on holocaust remembrance day each year that we must passionately fight for peace over hate time and…
louise was more than a congresswoman  she was more than the dean of our delegation  she was my dear friend  i will…
we must continue to ensure that the united states is a safe haven for everyone  on this day of remembrance  i join…
to our hardworking teachers in michigan  you make an incredible difference in the lives of every child and young a…
the admin needs to inform house & senate intelligence committees the full nature of the information revealed and any damage it may cause 
don t let anyone from the trump administration lecture you about family values  they are *stepping up* their policy…
about to go live on  kcts9 s facebook 
to all of the hardworking teachers  either marching for fair pay or making a difference in the classroom  i stand w…
i am so grateful to our interns that we had this semester  their spirit and dedication were invaluable to our team …
rt  nancypelosi  democrats are fighting to give families a better deal  read more here 
good luck to  gracelandu s men s basketball team in tonight s  naiadimbb  championship game   gujackets…
an email from another campaign   there are quite a few critical issues facing our nation right now   no  really …
rt  keithellison  counting everyone is a central pillar of our democracy  by planning to add a citizenship question to the 2020 census  the…
today we say a sad goodbye to a dear friend  nancy mcfadden  we have lost a beloved companion  leader  and for thos…
rt  afgecheston   donald trump has a staff infection - and it s spreading through the government  -  repraskin save the e p a boot pruitt sta…
sent out a letter to  nycmayor w/ my bronx colleagues   repjoecrowley  repespaillat &  repeliotengel  to urge him…
 bigrichtexaspam  realdonaldtrump no  you haven t  until you did  just now  president doesn t get to kick anyone ou…
economic analysis suggests that today s decision to deport salvadoran  tps  holders will cost the united states  31…
i cannot imagine the pain this family is going through  truly heartbreaking  as elected officials we have a respons…
continued to voice my support today for our key ally israel today with members of  aipac
yesterday  i celebrated cinco de mayo at this year s festival and parade in north las vegas  thank you for inviting…
rt  repmaloney  while larry nassar was brought to justice  we must investigate the systemic failures that let these abuses continue for so…
father pat is a chaplain who brought together rs and ds  mbrs  of all faiths  & even a guy named israel 
cambridge analytica whistleblower christopher wylie to testify to house intel democrats on facebook data operation
happening now  press conference discussing upcoming open enrollment for health insurance  get covered cover i n
  realdonaldtrump has proven numerous times his disdain for the rule of law  this comment is just the latest …
rt  outfrontcnn   he s acting in every way as if he has a consciousness of guilt  and  as a direct result he was threatening the special co…
is this an snl ad or for real 
rt  janschakowsky   president trump has consistently demonstrated his ignorance of the complexity of the world s challenges and today s dec…
50 years ago we lost an influential american  mlk jr  s legacy continues to prevail  let us continue to fight for s…
rt  repanthonybrown  the president cares more about securing his base than securing our border  instead of wasting our servicemembers  time…
time to end republican silence in the house  support special prosecutor or be part of the coverup 
rt  oversightdems   repcummings  replynch   repcummings  replynch  president trump s statements yesterday denigrating immigrants and refuge…
rt  scenesallard  congresswoman marcy kaptur announces  2 6 million grant for gcrta bus improvements   same grant that was announced yester…
proud to see the voices of our youth speaking out and getting louder   speakerryan call a vote on sensible gun legi…
rt  nydiavelazquez  i stand with the courageous women who stepped forward in the schneiderman case  holding public office requires the publ…
my view during today s town hall  grateful to everyone who came out to join the conversation  so proud to represent…
conversations around gunviolence and gunsafety have to center around our children  i appreciate parents brining t…
rt  haroldpdx  bravo  rep   collinpeterson - it s nice to see someone in dc working to keep creative jobs in the us 
trump s white house marked the week of mother s day by stepping up a policy of *breaking up families*
rt  aiaspeaks   boeing vp stacey dion intros  senatortimscott  repmikehonda n a dworkforce legislative priorities in stem  aiaa
after the trump administration tried repealing net neutrality rules  the california department of justice filed su…
the worsening situation in venezuela continues to demand the world s attention  we cannot let the injustices of mad…
remittances are not only relied upon by countless families in these countries to meet their essential needs  but al…
rt  hispaniccaucus    speakerryan  happy teacher appreciation week  let s celebrate by helping the 20 000 teachers with  daca   queen o…
rt  lvchamber  rosen to propose tax credits to boost tech startups - great article by  lasvegassun on our eggs and issues breakfast this am…
as we continue to understand the horrific details of the chemical attack in douma  it s important to note the assad…
u s  deficit is ballooning thanks largely to the g o p tax scam giveaway to corporations and the ultra-wealthy  plus t…
 breaking   we have filed a lawsuit against  epascottpruitt over his illegal decision to let major polluters off the…
watch  rep  tulsi gabbard questions secretary mattis on president s authority in syria
honored to speak at tonight s  together we can end poverty and hunger  event marking the 50th anniversary of martin…
show me the humane government that rips children under the age of four from their parents as punishment for breakin…
tomorrow at 10 19 am pst  the great shakeout will take place --- are you prepared in the event of an earthquake …
had a great time skyping with the 7th grade class at amherst middle school  i always enjoy talking to the next gene…
rt  repanthonybrown  today i join nearly 200 colleagues to hold  potus accountable & uphold the anti-corruption  foreign emoluments clause…
rt  tribelaw  the news re vekselberg/novartis/cohen/stormy might be too complex for some to assimilate  so here s the user-friendly bumper-…
tax cuts don t pay for themselves  so how do republicans want to cover the cost of their g o p tax scam  by cutting cr…
i cosponsored a resolution to stand with these students participating in dayof silence  once again  the next genera…
praying for those injured in the attempted attack this morning in nyc  grateful as always for nypd  fdny  port auth…
rt  repbarbaralee  it s looking increasingly likely that president trump will shut down the federal gov t on jan 20th – which also happens…
rt  wildlifeaction  we re proud to be working with  repdebdingell  2018 woman in conservation award recipient  a great champion for saving…
congrats to  stpaulopen junior emily yang on winning the minnesota state archery championship 
youth of color account for 80% of new hiv infections among young people  in order to end a i d s2030  we need to addre…
attention students  today is the deadline for submissions for the 2018 congressional art competition  the winner wi…
rt  hfacdemocrats  rm  repeliotengel  thank you to our talented diplomats and development professionals who represent america and promot…
my thoughts and prayers are with all affected in west virginia crash 
heartbroken about passing of shimon peres  a great statesman who optimistically championed peace in face of adversity 
on saturday evening  i was at the greek independence day parade gala in new york city to speak with leaders about t…
as an english teacher  i admired barbara bush for her commitment to literacy  as an american  i admired barbara bus…
 icyclone  maddow thank you  glad to have you out there chasing your own storms 
proud to have worked with colleagues from both parties to help secure this extension so no displaced children from…
now we know why president trump pressed former fbi director james comey to drop his investigation of flynn and then…
earth day reminds us that we cannot ignore threat of climate change to our environment  economy & national security…
momsdontneed budget cuts that attack programs american families depend on to keep a roof over their heads and food…
water is our most precious natural resource—something we should be protecting  not turning over to large corporatio…
we will fight the good fight & win  fund flint
happy small business week   mn01   curious about how to start growing your idea into a small biz in southern minneso…
at the 1932 olympics in los angeles  this medford native led her team to a gold medal and world record in the 400-…
on yom hashoah  as we mourn the lives of the 6 million jewish people taken by the evil forces of nazism in the holo…
the omnibus will provide badly needed resources for our state s efforts to turn the tide in the deadly opioid crisi…
no  it s not too soon to talk about gun violence  for so many families it s way too late 
equalpay is not just a women s issue  it impacts our families  businesses  & economy  in  md02  and across the us  equal pay day
i am very concerned by president donald trump s military attack against syria without congressional approval 
 patrickgmfox5dc damn good reason  too many words for a tweet  come in or call my office for a conversation 
a new nafta should pass congress based on its merits and not on the threat of withdrawing from the existing agreeme…
rt  orlandopolice  former opd chief  congresswoman  repvaldemings welcomes cf law enforcement family to her office on capitol hill for a  p… 
rt  portofla  how do we celebrate national puppy day at the portof l a  with a walk along the  lawaterfront  of course  need some ideas on wh…
rt  bcfhof  with the 30th pick in the 6th round in the 2018  nfl draft  the  nyjets select trenton cannon from virginia state university  …
rt  gehringdc  king was only 26 years old at the start of the montgomery bus boycott  39 when he was killed  anyone telling the parkland hi…
bipartisan music modernization act took an important step forward w/ today s  housejudiciary field hearing  thankful…
great blog post   changing my mind  capuano  masen
tonight my staff will be  waynebranch from 5-7pm  we can help resolve any problems or issues you may have w/ a fede…
the night before mlk s assassination  he delivered a speech demanding living wage & fair treatment for black worker…
rt  senatormenendez  i will not let bigots co-opt cesar chavez s birthday  republicans have been blocking my resolution to honor chavez s…
rt  hispaniccaucus  deported us vet says he will fight for immigrant rights
welcome home  dwyanewade   
scott pruitt needs to resign or be fired  immediately  it s time for him to go 
help keep your family and our community safe by disposing of expired and unused rx drugs this take back day  find a…
good morning  going to talk about what the  scotus  decision on sports gambling may mean for hawai i on the…
it was a pleasure to meet with ga industries for the blind and  natindblind today  thank you for your advocacy for…
you spoke out against outrageous park fee hikes  it worked  the  natlparkservice will only raise entry fees by  5 r…
 nometrealtors  nickalbares thank you again  nometrealtors and  nickalbares for joining me in this important discus…
yesterday  i had the pleasure of meeting with students from texas tech university  texastech   we talked about heal…
 we cannot seek achievement for ourselves and forget about progress and prosperity for our community   i ll alway…
happy national small business week  did you know that nevada s small businesses employ over 450 000 people  check ou…
to those observing good friday  may your day be filled with blessings and love 
healthcare is a human right and it s worth fighting for  that s why i m cosponsoring medicare4 all protect our care
national prescription drug take back day is this sat   apr  28th  10am-2pm  according to the dea  the non-medical u…
this week  i joined 73 of my colleagues in calling on the administration to stop playing politics with the cdc  the…
rt  michaelskolnik  7 year old  havana edwards  was the only student at her elementary school who participated in today s national school wa…
dear sir  since it appears you ve been too busy tweeting about  chucktodd to have actually read what the north kore…
net neutrality protects small businesses and promotes innovation by ensuring a level playing field online   fcc eff…
tomorrow is wear something red wednesday  please show your support for the chibok girls and all of the people abduc…
rt  officialcbc  today is the day  tweet us using the hashtag c b c demands justice to ask a question or comment  members will start answering…
to the victims and loved ones impacted by today s senseless act of violence in sutherland springs  you are in our thoughts and prayers 
follow los angeles fire department  lafd for the latest on the skirball fire and mandatory evacuations 
joined fellow house rural broadband caucus co-chairs to call on  realdonaldtrump to insist rural broadband remains…
very pleased to see  ford s quick response to my letter and that the claycomo plant will be reopened at fully capac…
in today s ever-increasing digital world  the american people need to trust the internet with their most sensitive…
great to drop by the elk grove senior center and catch-up with local seniors being served by meals on wheels  thank…
2018 congressional art competition is here  high school students from the 53rd congressional district are encourage…
earth week apr 22-28  not just another week in the life of the planet  act on climate 
rt  reptedlieu  democrats have repeatedly called for investigations into the trump admin s culture of corruption  unfortunately  the gop-con…
he s a gun owner  he s a physician  and  after his daughter hid from a gunman for 2 hours in a closet in…
great to witness international diplomacy at work this morning  and the welcome of president  emmanuelmacron to cong…
rt  rvivian370  at the 2nd annual fl pr parade banquet representing  repdarrensoto and accepting his  godfather  of the parade sash   yourb…
wishing president moon and our ally the republic of korea every success during the historic inter-korean summit thi…
january 10  2018 – grayson college  denison  texas photo   denisonchamber 6/19
rt  repjudychu  republicans voted to repeal the aca more than 60 times 
opposed by  la county dept of sheriffs  ca state sheriffs association  irwindale police dept  el monte police dept …
 54 percent of small business owners say the tax law favors large corporations over small businesses   g o p tax scam
as we await more info about this tragedy  my prayers go out to the victims  their loved ones & the entire sutherland springs community 
rt  senblumenthal  rather than protect consumers  mulvaney follows the trump admin playbook - apparently aligning with the very lawbreakers…
rt  jaygalbraith  a  nytimes article with a  valenciacollege  valenciagiving student perspective    middle-class families increasingly look…
glad to welcome eugene mayor lucy vinis  springfield mayor christine lundberg  and reps from lane county here in dc…
gop s so-called prosper act cuts  15b from fed  student aid programs & puts corporate profits before students  no s…
republicans spent all their time & votes on tax breaks for corporations & the wealthiest  now  they have no energy…
this is a stunning waste of military resources  the administration has given troops no clear mission  no estimated…
my deepest condolences go out to the families of our four marines  their service & sacrifice will not be forgotten 
congratulations to joselyn duvon of  waukhs  the winner of this year s congressional art competition  her artwork w…
 epascottpruitt read my full opening statement from this afternoon s hearing → polluting pruitt
big congrats to  warriors  kdtrey5 on being selected as one of the most 100 influential people in the world  his on…
potus  actions re  clean power plan  trans ban   daca   & womens  health make it clear that his only goal is dismantling obama admin policies 
rt  folcsnyu  watch  repsteveisrael discuss his latest satirical novel big guns on  msnbc  on june 18th  we ll be…
the trump white house is learning the hard way that it is easier to keep your story straight if you simply tell the…
it was a pleasure to have the  ribankers in for a meeting to discuss providing access to banking services  thanks f…
rt  zhirji28  rep  mccollum  we reached out to the ig s office about pruitt s claim you made this morning that you ve received record death…
rt  jayasheohed  inspiring discussion by a champ of his district  state & us   reprichardneal  i joined  chapadotorg & 2 doz housing advoca…
moms dont need to see their children go without the nutritious food that helps them to grow strong – but under the…
rt  charlesmblow  let s be clear  police force is only disproportionately unleashed against black and brown people because most white peopl…
rt  garywhite13   senbillnelson   repdarrensoto discuss restoration of voting rights for felons  census questions during town hall in haine…
in the absence of the ig report  it s impossible to evaluate the merits of this harsh treatment of a 21-year fbi pr…
rep  alonzo j  ransier served the 2nd district of  sc  from 1873 to 1874  black history month  tbt   6/9 
would devastate us position as a reliable world leader  embolden iranian political extremism  allow iran to resume…
thoughts and prayers to everyone in melcher-dallas this morning 
our deepest condolences go out to the families and loved ones of our fallen heroes  we will be closely following th…
san diegans still have time to file their taxes after the irs outage on tax day  the deadline is midnight tonight …
the collaborative conservation work along the middle rio grande is a great example of what can be accomplished when…
join us for the farmers roundtable18 on 3 24 18 at  tccworkforce in tallahassee  house ag ranking member rep  pet…
rt  nationalbar  congressman danny davis and nba president juan thomas  repdannydavis  juanrthomas
thanks to  modcloth for supporting my truth in advertising act with  roslehtinen and  repteddeutch 
pleased dod suspended repayment of bonuses from ca natl guard members who acted in good faith  but still more to do 
today  we remember all the state s law enforcement officers who gave up their futures to protect ours  thank you f…
thanks to the tax scam  wall street got to use the bulk of its tax savings for massive stock buybacks and bonuses 
rt  riggjim  great talk today by  replipinski  thanks you for your inspiration and support of catholic education   chicagocatholic  chicath…
i find facebook s new ad structure deeply concerning as it bans undocumented immigrants from buying ads and letting…
delaney statement on trump administration attempt to sabotage affordable care act
my office is closely monitoring the sherpa fire and a heartfelt thanks go to the first responders  updates here 
never forget  boko haram sends young girls on suicide bomb missions   bbog 
rt  usprogressives  from delaware to hawaii  the cpc is proud to stand with all of our members and  eleanornorton to support d c  statehood…
i m pleased to be a cosponsor of this important legislation  ny is home to excellent teaching hospitals and we ough…
today  i voted against a defense spending bill for the third time this congress  here s why  as much as i care ab…
day 26 of womens history month- someday  people will look back & wonder why countless workplace sexual harassment su…
rt  meetthepress  coming up on m t p daily   katyturnbc talks with  repcharliedent   repjerrynadler   murphymike   jonathanalter   chueyburns…
yesterday  father pepe from our lady of guadalupe church in barrio logan stopped by my office to deliver letters of…
as of today  12 278 d r e a mers have lost their  daca  protections after trump ended the program  congress must…
joined over 100 colleagues on both sides of the aisle  in the house and senate  in calling for  dhsgov to give cong…
this morning i attended the wildfire outlook briefing to hear from  usda  secretarysonny   usinterior…
wishing my sikh american neighbors  friends & colleagues a happy baisakhi
discussing impact of the opioid epidemic & legislative solutions this am at forum on national & international effor…
rt  queenschronicle  from trump to the post office   repgregorymeeks covers a wide range of topics with constituents in cambria heights  ht…
today s navy/grumman roundtable assembled key parties to discuss the bottom line of this issue  cleaning up the plu…
rt  waysmeanscmte  ranking member  reprichardneal & chairman  repkevinbrady applaud the senate s passage of a bipartisan bill that improves…
rt  nrdems  group of dems -  repraulgrijalva   repdonbeyer   repmceachin   replowenthal   nikiinthehouse - request  interior ig investigati…
you can still let your voice be heard on trump s effort to end netneutrality  be sure to enter 17-108 in the  proc…
catch  tothecontrary today   5 30pm & sunday at 9 30am for post election talk on immigrants & refugees & trump s ca…
the  internetassn should be commended for taking proactive steps to improve diversity in its own workforce and in i…
today  i had the pleasure of meeting with the dooly county delegation   swga 
today  i introduced the simple fafsa act to ensure that more working families have access to federal student aid …
rt  flyingwithsara  thank you  repricklarsen for a strong faa reauthorization bill   afa_cwa flight attendants around the country thank you…
let s work to ensure a future in which our daughters won t have to recognize equal pay day
rt  repespaillat   clyburn speaks on the importance of restoring the  vra  of 1965 to prevent voter disenfranchisement
the working men & women of this country are those that keep us safe in so many ways every day  it was an honor to i…
 thegrio  reignofapril 9ok
congrats to  utsa for the  279 976 grant for the nanotechnology lab in the department of physics and astronomy  you…
  secretarycarson s plan to implement ineffective work requirements and drastically increase rental rates will only…
want to see more behind the scenes around new jersey and dc  go follow my insta at repbonnie  do it for the gram
it is an honor to represent a district where smallbiz is the heartbeat of our economic growth   ne02 
the american people deserve better than this 
rt  dberrygannett     reprichmond  chair of  officialcbc  will join cbc members  benniegthompson &  repjohnlewis at celebration of new miss…
protect s n a p
with the winter olympics kicking off in pyeongchang this week  i ve cosponsored a resolution that seeks to recogni…
i m a proud  ucberkeley golden bear  excited to celebrate college signing day with students at  elranchohs on their…
unauthorized use of drones in disaster areas prevents emergency responders from doing their jobs of protecting and…
  senmikelee has introduced an anti-home-rule bill that uniquely discriminates against the lgbt community in dc  bu…
can you believe 45 is back on vacation  do us a favor  get off the golf course and get back to work gun safety now never again
team titus at the annual southern nevada veterans memorial cemetery s flag retirement ceremony 🇺🇸
after  10 million in attacks and trump s best effort  connor lamb is overperforming  win or lose republicans should be panicked   pa18 
thanks to all those who joined me for a town hall meeting in brattleboro on saturday  these are tumultuous times  b…
  speakerboehner must invite  barackobama 2 congress 2 explain strategy in iraq syria  we need new aumf now   thehill
since house republicans didn t consult anyone about their bill  i will  join me today as i ask the experts about…
rt  natashabertrand  maxine waters   i have been aware for some time that i was targeted by russian operatives whose interests were aligned…
rt  fscdems  🚨  breaking  🚨 ranking member  repmaxinewaters requests information on status of deutsche bank investigation from rosenstein r…
rt  housedemwomen  ⚡️ as womens history month comes to an end  check out 25 great tweets from the month by dwwg members  like  nitalowey s s…
thanks   repdankildee  🎂
about 712 000 households who receive federal housing subsidies would see their monthly rents rise from  50 to  150…
orr director scott lloyd repeatedly interferes in the reproductive rights of young women  an allegiance to this cou…
rt  thedailyshow  tonight  texas rep   joaquincastrotx is here 
rt  tigardmayor  🎤 town hall with  repbonamici today discussing how  dc  politics affect  washcooregon ☀️
big news out of the uk  congratulations to the duchess of cambridge and prince william on the birth of their son  n…
rt  housedemocrats    usrepkcastor  fl-14  spoke at the annual black  brown & college bound summit hosted by hillsborough community college…
when  cbp or  icegov separates a family  that separation can create traumatic and irreparable harm  i questioned…
republicans are lining up to devastate the promise of social security & medicare  democrats are fighting back 
this rule allows virtually anyone - bosses  health plans  & schools - to discriminate against women by refusing to cover birthcontrol 
rt  lacdbh  free  pre-filled sandbags are available at these beaches  ☔ zuma beach ☔ will rogers state beach ☔ venice beach ☔ dockweiler s…
rt  repbonnie  retweet if you re as excited about black history month as we are 
one good thing to come out of this morning s interior budget hearing  secretary zinke acknowledged that california…
great meeting today w/ibew re  hr 52  my bill to provide paid apprenticeships on infrastructure projects for aa men…
at today s  appropsdems hearing with  secretarycarson  i intend to ask questions about recent ethical lapses at hud…
 republicans designed the [tax] law to principally benefit wealthy families while offering crumbs to low-income & m…
rt  unanca  honored to have congresswoman  eleanornorton speak at our event mapping forward from violence against women  standup against s…
there is no place for donald trump s bigotry in the u s  military 
today begins  coveredca s open enrollment period  which runs through january 31st  2018  to sign up  renew or learn…
i spoke on the floor today in support of the 800 000 dreamers  including the 200 000 in my home state of california…
i m lucky to share my birthday with not one - but two - fantastic members of team dutch  i am so proud of my staff …
thank you to all the students who participated in this year s congressional art competition  i d like to congratula…
congratulations to the accomplished students and scholarship recipients of the contra costa college foundation and…
you re not gonna knock us down  we ll get back up again   stoneman douglas h s
rt  washblade  exclusive  lawmakers led by  repjoekennedy demand meeting with trump officials on anti-transgender rollbacks
our bipartisan legislation will evaluate exposure to burn pits and other hazardous airborne chemicals to ensure our…
it s always a pleasure to speak with the future leaders of america  thank you cub scout troop 61 for the invitation…
rt  ieuawater  as a reminder  the rialto pipeline shutdown has begun  we encourage you to practice water-saving habits during this time  th…
 it makes no sense that the professionals responsible for educating the next generation of leaders and workers in t…
my telephone town hall for aging adults and their caregivers is happening now  call in by dialing 866-383-2726 or s…
looking forward to june 7      realdonaldtrump - we ll see you in court  almost 200 members of congress are suing y…
 albanycivilrigh in albany  georgia is a museum that details the rich history of the civil rights movement in south…
this morning  almost 11 years after my first  necouncil congressional roundtable  i had the opportunity to join the…
the us senate must be pressured and told not to normalize what is not normal -- not approving a racist as attorney general 
  potus has degraded the office he serves with his disregard for norms  ethics  and transparency  he is using his p…
rt  sfcg_  we are proud to join 35 orgs in supporting landmark legislation by  repeliotengel  judgetedpoe  repmccaul  repadamsmith  usrepke…
rt  nvconservation    epascottpruitt has proposed weakening coal ash rules and farmworkers that protect workers against potential harmful h…
luego de haber aprobado legislación para otorgarles la medalla de oro congresional  estos guerreros  pudieron pararse junto al presidente   
rt  repgwenmoore  trump care s medicaid cuts would take substance abuse treatment away from millions & make opioid epidemic worse  we must…
since  potus ended  daca   over 120 dreamers are losing their protections every day  on march 6  over a million dre…
rt  fire_the_fool    alangrayson dotard is a new topping you can get on a big mac  instantly makes you forget the lyrics to the national a…
rt  repjohnlewis  58 years ago today  i was arrested for the first time as a participant in the sit-ins at lunch counters in downtown nashv…
crusaders from  scacrusaders stopped by the tampa museum of art to showcase their masterpieces in my congressional…
rt  momsdemand  many states have laws that go a step further to protect americans from gun violence  the nra s pet policy   concealed carry…
have you signed up for my youth job and resources fair  it s tomorrow from 9a-noon at thornton township high school 
make no mistake  adding a question about immigration status on the us census is not politics as usual- it s unprece…
this is exactly why i asked  thejusticedept to investigate trump s hush money to stormy daniels
this week i had the opportunity to visit  ccrsolar s new state-of-the-art control center in research triangle park …
great news on tom brady  looking forward to another winning season  go patriots 
to all the mothers out there  especially my wife mrs  meeks  who raised our three bright & wonderful daughters  wis…
so-called president plunges america into risky trade war that will hurt working families to try and win next week s…
i respect the second amendment  but i believe in reasonable limits on gun buying and ownership that will keep our c…
as members of the house & senate agriculture committee  we ve had countless meetings across philadelphia and…
happy mothers day to my mom  a strong role model who led by example and showed me that i could do anything  and hap…
 unitedwedream sign me up - filemon vela
  realdonaldtrump official policy to separate immigrant children from their mothers is definition of cruelty…
wonderful news  trans americans can now openly serve in our military  a service member s merits are what matter 
today at 10 00 am i will be on  msnbc with  joyannreid to discuss recovery and relief efforts going on in the us virgin islands v i strong
 gensunited mahalo  gensunited
during national retirement planning week  i encourage all of my constituents to make sure you are planning now for the future 
también reconozco y respeto a muchos otros q también se preocupan por puerto rico y q han tenido objeciones de buena fe en cuanto a promesa 
rt  waysmeanscmte  the republican tax law is driving up americans  health care costs   repjoecrowley explains 
i believe that america must respond to the vile chemical attack in syria  but that response must come through congr…
rt  alziladvocacy  we had a great meeting with  replipinski this morning  the congressman has co-sponsored the b o l d alzheimers act and sent…
the fcc voted to repeal netneutrality rules - a clear attack on consumer protections  quick  affordable access to…
rt  justiceinaging  former rep  john dingell holding the gavel used to pass medicare and  aca   keeping u s healthy
with this move  potus signals to his allies that if you lie & obstruct justice to defend me  i will protect you  th…
 wall street giant jpmorgan reported its biggest quarterly profit ever friday  and citigroup and wells fargo also n…
congrats to  houstontx fifth ward for being awarded  300 000 from the  epa brownfields community environmental asse…
rt  housebluedogs  proud to endorse the p o i s eact  authored by  repstephmurphy  deters disclosure of top secret info to representatives of…
our bill has one goal–saving lives  by ensuring that tribal law enforcement  first responders and those living in i…
our nation s food policy should serve the widest range of americans possible  it should not further divides us  wh…
  nmrxexpress and  pacebikeshare are unveiling a b q s new bike share  pace a b q  tomorrow at civic plaza  stop by at…
secretary of defense mattis testified before the house armed services committee this week  secretary mattis & i dis…
from denying the existence of climatechange & attempting to roll back obama s efforts to curtail emissions to poli…
tune in  talking about 13th annual health fair on  11alivenews  atlandco 
a federal judge has blocked  realdonaldtrump from turning his back on dreamers by ending  daca   essentially deporti…
thank you to all of my constituents who joined me in calling on the  fcc to protect the open internet  net neutrality
at least trump isn t ignoring the china trade deficit  but does he have a plan to deal with china s response  and…
the iran nuclear agreement has successfully blocked iran from developing or obtaining nuclear weapons  not only doe…
given nj s skilled workforce  knowledge of the pharmaceutical industry  and outstanding universities  our state sta…
there are no added sugars in vermont maple syrup  it s natural and pure  and ought to be labelled as such 
my mom is speaking today at brown chapel ame church - the same church where john lewis once gathered with voting ri…
later  i headed to waukegan to speak at the the anti-poverty walk to support  capoflakecounty 
 phillydotcom fattah leadership on early college programs
purple heart recipients deserve all the recognition and thanks they can get  and the hall deserves this commemorati…
if trump fires mueller  congress must impeach via  thenation if not we are 3rd world banana…
congrats  ppact for 100 years strong of making preventive healthcare affordable for millions of women  men  and fam…
yet another sign of  potus s actions leading to a diminished diplomatic influence of the u s 
day 20 of womens history month - workplace sexual harassment can only go on when institutional protections for abuse…
trump heartlessly ended the  daca  program leaving it up to lawmakers to act  we must pass a clean dream act without…
investing in and prioritizing our workforce is the key to a better deal  american workers should know that dems in c…
the two areas where congressional gop clearly gave away way too much to big business & investors was on lowering th…
today  i had a productive meeting with a number of young georgia farmers and others representing the  gafarmbureau 
i promised to work across aisle to strengthen medicare - proud to be doing so  read  forbes on bipartisan benes act
the trump administration and gop raised virginians  premiums by sabotaging the healthcare system  then pretend it i…
after passing a trillion-dollar tax scam  republicans want to make fiendish cuts to children s health insurance  pu…
we must oppose invidious discrimination against african americans in the financial sector  if this is called playin…
i m so proud of my colleagues in the house and senate for passing the just act and recognizing the importance of br…
🚨  breakingnews  🚨
congressatyour company drops by mikros – largo smallbiz working to keep our sailors and shores safe 
it is my great privilege to bring dr  bennet omalu to the state of the union address tomorrow  dr  omalu immigrated…
so long as unrest is met with bloodshed  cries for peace ring hollow and hopes for a better future in the region wi…
sunday s  sfchronicle op-ed by tom adams and dennis aftergut - whose report on  potus  s exposure to compromise due…
i am proud to have worked with my colleagues in a bipartisan way to defend the great lakes -- a vital resource for…
thanks  nycfirstlady &  aliciaglen for this vital initiative  which will allow nyc women to more easily report disc…
cheers to all the wonderful moms celebrating today  i m fortunate to be mom to these 3 wonderful sons …
today the house passed my bipartisan wildfire prevention act  a huge win for our district 
repeated meetings by north korea s kim jong un and chinese president xi jinping raise the possibility & stakes of t…
checking out the art display featuring nevada s beautiful public lands  i m proud to represent some of our country …
congratulations to  janicebeyondlaw and thanks for your no bs leadership  looking forward to great things 
thanks for all your support yesterday  it is much appreciated  i look forward to seeing folks on the campaign trail in the weeks ahead
not all of us have a dartmouth degree  laura  but not one of us would say something so puerile  fancy word for  st…
as the 2018 hurricane season approaches  the electric grid in puerto rico and  usvi  is still not completely restore…
happy birthday   repteddeutch  proud to fight with you to reduce gun violence in america 
there is nothing  small  about the impact of small biz on the american economy  they have created 40% of all new jo…
team castro joined state representative  diegobernaltx this weekend at the inaugural district 123 summer resource f…
as national library week comes to a close  this celebration of our cherished libraries and dedicated library workers…
rt  msnbc  rep  al green   due process is impeachment 
in hawai i  invasive species like the coffee berry borer have cost our local farmers and agriculture industry milli…
it s past time for congress to invest in fighting the raging opioid crisis on a scale that matches its severity  an…
what is dotard for  500  dump trump
thread  i am very disappointed that tjx homegoods has felt it necessary to drop their plans to locate in lordstown …
tune in now   reptedlieu &  reprubengallego are on the house floor breaking down  potus  realdonaldtrump s…
under graham cassidy  a 40-year-old with metastatic cancer will see a premium surcharge of  142 000  save a c a…
team dutch spotted students from maryland s  mayafrench5  who received a special invitation from  flotus to attend…
rt  jabariwill   anthonybrownmd4  left  w/chris umstot of eastern food services  tours warehouse  company provides products for  mgmnatlhar…
wish i could join everyone at the women s march in los angeles today  but i joined the womens march2018 in d c  aga…
everyone deserves safe  affordable housing  my bill  the rural housing preservation act  would help ensure new hamp…
a broad overhaul of fda s authority over cosmetics and personal care products is long overdue  if congress is unwi…
ice s threats following the 98 7-eleven raids last month are startling when contextualized by the fact that only 21…
we must tackle the opioidepidemic by looking for bipartisan solutions that address the ripple effect of addiction…
you better believe these strong young women hail from wisconsin  👏🏾nice work  ladies  you make our great state pr…
during the  ndaa  markup  an amendment i introduced to require reports on senior officials  use of military aircraft…
rt  nikkihaley  we along with 8 other members have called for an emergency security council mtg tomorrow in reference to the horrible chemi…
a b q s economy and tourism industry will continue to grow and thrive so long as we support family owned businesses…
 public service must be more than doing a job efficiently and honestly  it must be a complete dedication to the peo…
rt  repjohnlewis  sometimes you have to get in trouble--good trouble  necessary trouble--to make a way out of no way 
fcc chairman  ajitpaifcc fulfilled his promise today to destroy the free and open internet  but tomorrow the battle…
great article on why we need to preserve  rimpac_2016 integrity as a military excersice among friends & allies 
tune in live at 1pm  pt  to watch our team defend dreamers during oral arguments in our  daca  case before the 9th c…
joined rep  lacy clay from missouri today in cosponsoring the correct the census count act  which will make sure we…
great to join the unveiling of the new eastside community center logo with  metparkstacoma  this upcoming facility…
this week s action steps 
many of ridley-lowell s students used federal student loans and grants  this online factsheet provides information…
no   realdonaldtrump  the  disgrace  is the corruption & misconduct that you ve let run amok in your administration 
happy to support the  jtafla passenger ferry grant  & help to secure  3 356 900 from the  usdot  the funds will be…
great discussion on civic engagement and importance of thoughtful  principled leadership at profiles in service brea…
i m proud to stand with the more than 2 1 million youth who are fighting aids worldwide  and those who are advocati…
father pat has served the house honorably for more than seven years  and i m glad that he will remain the house cha…
i ll be delivering the commencement address at the  rollinscollege  holtschool today at 10 am  tune in here to watc…
it s a very happy tax day for republicans and their wealthy and well-connected donors  as a refresher  here s why …
 juancasala  gerryconnolly keep raising your voice and get your friends to fight with us  too 
rt  hylinecruises   alert  inter-island ferry service between marthas vineyard and nantucket are cancelled sunday 9/4 and monday 9/5 due to…
check out our small business resource page for helpful info on how to start or grow your smallbiz in pinellas  we …
tomorrow is the first day of the  aca  open enrollment period  visit online or call 1-800-31…
rt  julito77   the federal gov t has done too little and too late    repjoseserrano says  puerto rico  usvi 
 realdonaldtrump my bipartisan legislation  the presidential tax transparency act  requires the current president a…
 inc  it is not the critic who counts      the credit belongs to the person who is actually in the arena       ted…
rt  cmk256  and she s right  this is some sneaky shit   facebook is scooping up data that we don t even know we re providing  i think peopl…
the president has signed 13 congressional resolutions rolling back science-based protections  including for safe dr…
i m proud to join more than 60 of my colleagues in calling for a 90-day comment period on  epa s  selective science…
snowed in  no worries  join us online at to participate in tonight s telephone town hall on…
he protested for us  goodtrouble
54 years ago today we led a peaceful  orderly  nonviolent march through the streets of washington 
rt  crewcrew  having trouble keeping track of all of scott pruitt s ethics scandals  here s a flow chart →
yet another court has struck down  realdonaldtrump s heartless efforts to end  daca   at this point  the score is pr…
rt  senmarkey  mike pompeo defended the cia s use of torture  voted against the violence against women act  & proposed anti-lgbtq laws  his…
cnn names memphis one of five great places to visit via  mbjmemphis memphis in may for…
on wednesday  the congressional caucus on foster youth is hosting a briefing featuring  drphil and  robin_mcgraw on…
today s  faa  reauthorization includes funds to reduce noise impacts and requires more community engagement  like wh…
as a proud co-sponsor of the paycheck fairness act  i m taking a stand for working women and their families  this bi…
rt  goldgooseaward  duck  duck  golden goose  nominate a golden  federally-funded research project today 
and disliking an international agreement simply because it was negotiated during the administration of president ba…
  realdonaldtrump  what about all of your cabinet secretaries wasting millions of taxpayer dollars  pruitt  zinke …
el salvador s catholic conference of bishops came in today to emphasize the importance of the temporary protected s…
it s about our democracy 
congrats to my friend & colleague  chelliepingree on her new role as co-chair of the congressional arts caucus  art…
the republican party wants to pay for the g o p tax scam  a tax break for the wealthiest americans by cutting crucial…
last year  americans voted in the midst of a russian cyber-attack to undermine our democracy  today  the election s…
proud to support  save net neutrality
joined my colleagues from va & washington to fight for our coastal communities & oppose cuts to  noaa s budget  the…
this is public schools week  i hope you ll join me in celebrating our public schools and the critical role they pla…
epa officials say pruitt s taxpayer-funded travel was dictated by his demand that staff  find something for him to…
d r e a mers  if you had  daca   but your status was cut short by  dhsgov  you may qualify to renew your protections  f…
since columbine  more than 208 000 american children have experience gunviolence in our schools  is this really th…
happy 90th birthday to chuck mcmillian  a longtime cambria  americanlegion member and wwii veteran  last week  i st…
happy teacher appreciation week to all the dedicated educators in vermont and across the country  special thanks to…
 tps  holders are vetted  legally present and authorized to work in our country  they are our neighbors  friends  coworkers  save t p s
the very best  planthighschool panthers conquered my art competition this year with the featured artwork by alea je…
we will oppose the republican raw deal today  tomorrow  forever  and fight for better jobs  better wages and a bett…
i will not be attending tonight s  sotu    realdonaldtrump spent the past year attacking minorities & threatening th…
a terrible tragedy and a reminder of how the men and women of law enforcement put themselves in harm s way to protect us 
thank you to everyone for the wonderful & warm birthday wishes 
excited that  usdol has granted  1 million to  nyslabor through a national dislocated worker grant to provide much-…
winnie mandela motherofthenation h e rstory
rt  markwarner  congress should pass this bipartisan bill to protect mueller asap
that is why i have joined many of my colleagues in signing a  discharge petition  to allow the house to proceed eve…
from my time on the school board to committee hearings for early education  i ve strongly supported pbs  i ll be fi…
i ll be joining  housedemocrats at 11 15 am to answer your questions about president trump s broken promises – like…
wishing a happy diwali to all who are celebrating in  ny04  & around the world 
a very happy easter to all celebrating this special day  peace and joy  —-paz y alegría para todos celebrando este…
today i hosted vice president  joebiden w/  congboyle to talk with members of the  bluecollardems on how…
twinning
hearing from  nashuafire chief brian rhodes about the success of the safe stations program and how we can tackle th…
rt  briannawalden   second chances aren t for  those people   they are for all of us    repcardenas second chance month unlocking second chan…
today  i took oscar solis jr   a student from mary help of christians school in laredo  as my guest to see…
rt  fscdems   release   rm  repmaxinewaters blasts republican passage of resolution to repeal forced arbitration rule
 tinderfire  update  if you live in and around the areas impacted by the blue ridge tinder fire in coconino county …
proud to join  congressmanraja &  housedemocrats to introduce the investing in american workers act  it helps hard-…
do you want to learn a magic trick from a real pro  for this week s magic monday  watch  richardwiseman explain one…
wow   realdonaldtrump will only sign 2018 farm bill if it has extreme cuts to  snap  assistance that helps millions o…
on tax day  it s important to remember that tax cuts don t pay for themselves  so how do republicans want to pay fo…
on live now with  msnbc with  alexwitt  talking wafflehouse boycott  nkorea  iran and more 
for over a year i and others have warned that trump/gop sabotage of our healthcare system will hurt americans  we…
rt  childfundint_hn  great talking with the staff of  repdinatitus on capitol hill to end violence againts children  c fund summit cc   c…
met an old friend from maryland at the march for our lives great to see you  chris   chrisvanhollen
we planted this walnut tree next to the  uscapitol to honor our dear departed friend  louiseslaughter  just like lo…
senator marco rubio admitted to  theeconomist what democrats have been saying all along  the g o p tax scam is a windf…
ordinary americans aren t really feeling much benefit from the gop tax bill – because it really wasn t designed for…
 resp_solutions i m only doing my job  now  we need a vote on my bill to end the nra-backed ban on cdc gun violence research  demand a vote
thank you to all of the great staff at the ymca ironworks branch for showing me around yesterday  i am so proud of…
rt  waysmeanscmte  hmm – republicans forced through a  2 trillion tax law to give corporations and the 1% tax breaks  and now they care abo…
the latest sanctions flap b/w wh & haley damages her credibility going forward and once again makes everyone  frien…
rt  cnnsitroom  rep  connolly on epa s scott pruitt   i thought trump wanted to  drain the swamp   not fill it up with really nasty crocodi…
the news spread and sinclair yielded support from  realdonaldtrump  of course   since then  we haven t heard much 
a todos los que viven en fl  mis oraciones y las de  mecpierluisi para ustedes y sus familias ante el paso de matthew  ¡dios los proteja 
america has the strongest most productive labor force in the world thanks in large part to unions like…
rt  swin24  there is barely a person in this room who isn t trying to suppress laughter right now or looking at each other wondering what t…
rt  senatormenendez  i will not let bigots co-opt cesar chavez s birthday  republicans have been blocking my resolution to honor chavez s…
thanks to  atlfirerescue  atlanta_police  ga_dps  gadeptoftrans and others for all of their great and good work to keep us all safe 
our children should be looking forward to their future not writing a will  congress must act to end the gun violen…
former  secpricemd admits that the g o p tax bill will drive up healthcare costs 
in the marines  we ran towards problems – not away from them  i m doing all i can to support these men and women wh…
  roslehtinen   repeliotengel   repteddeutch   repveasey  and i are urging  potus to condemn putin s anti-semitic r…
i ll be on  wftv at 5 30 today  talking about the administration s wrongheaded idea to fund their border wall by cu…
today  i named juana melara an  la county woman of the year   a silence breaker  a labor activist  and a hotel hous…
 reprobinkelly  confidence is great  but the w goes to michigan  we look forward to celebrating with the…
praying for those affected by the tragic mudslides in montecito and thankful for the remarkable rescue effort by fi…
malevolent actions&accidents can give people opportunity to rise to heroic actions  today i was proud to honor…
rt  armembusa  amb hovhannissian continues his meetings w/ the new members of the  armeniancaucus  today he met w/  repjimmygomez of ca-34…
as we recognize black maternal health week  we must search for answers on racial disparities in maternal mortality &…
over 90% of gun owners support expanding background checks  time for responsible gun owners to out shout the gun lobby and demand action 
i spent the day in my district with some local charities to see how  md02  constituents will be affected by the…
congrats to my friend  tomperez we re with you as you lead the  dnc to higher heights  thank you  keithellison for stepping up big
proud to see the people of ohio standing up to fight against gerrymandering this week-- lets keep up the momentum a…
we can t let wind & solar tax credits that support ia jobs  rural communities & lower dependence on oil to be cut
have enjoyed interacting w/ wonderful students & teachers over district work period  including  thesienaschool  cen…
i hope you can join me at my veterans town halls in la crosse and eau claire on friday  nov  10  learn more here …
rt  nydiavelazquez  reflecting on a yearof trump reminds me of the relentless attempts by republicans and  potus to sabotage the  aca  & take…
icymi i am hiring a wounded warrior fellow  this position is open to veterans who would like to work in any of my 4…
 jtm_yva that s not what i said  you literally just made this up 
incredible  girls who code
 give me your tired  your poor  your huddled masses yearning to breathe free  world refugee day statue of liberty
benjamin netanyahu once again is lying to the world for his own political purposes  he said iran can make nuclear w…
last week s budget bill restored much needed funding to the social security administration that will result in impr…
thank you to my friend   repespaillat  for the opportunity to speak in support of dominican week  i m grateful for…
on earth day we recommit ourselves to the protection and preservation of our environment  land  water  and wildlife…
at the 2018 annual baptist union banquet in fort worth  talking to rev  oliver and rev  pullam   tx33 
more upheaval - stormy times ahead for our foreign policy when america can least afford it 
rt  mayorharrykim  eruption update for may 9  2018 at 0600 am  no lava flow  but so2 emissions continue  hvo is holding a public meeting to…
 sullied18 please do explain   
rt  naralcolorado  great conversation with  repjaredpolis staff on the need to exposefakeclinics everyone deserves access to quality  trut…
rt  wftv    repdarrensoto calls for regulatory reform of  ghostguns  after 9 investigates  story wftv
rose kennedy would have dominated instagram
50 years ago today  we lost dr  martin luther king  jr  all too soon  his work to create a more equal america is st…
yucca mountain would threaten our national security by interfering with military testing and training  i asked secr…
the hawaii island community is taking action to help each other after hundreds of earthquakes and volcano eruption…
rt  hispaniccaucus  on this day  we celebrate the contributions and work of césar chávez  a patriot who spent his life shining a light on t…
the tax scam adds  1 5 trillion to the deficit and delivers 83% of its benefits to the 1%  that s money that could…
when  cocosouthla was founded  the intention was to always be of the youth  for the youth  by the youth  so proud o…
separating children from parents as a deterrent to seeking asylum is inhumane and cruel  seeking asylum is not ille…
any elected official unwilling to seriously consider immediate gun safety measures is complicit in this shooting …
honored to meet the firefighters who saved 100  hikers trapped by eagle creek fire 
california  today is the last day of open enrollment  visit today to sign up for health ins…
rt  hawaii_ema  second  redcross shelter open at keaau community center  16-186 pili mua street  for residents evacuated from their homes d…
it was good to be with you  sen booker  thank you for all of your work 
new report from  oversightdems shows that prescription drug costs are exploding under trump  big pharma continues t…
today students & teachers across south jersey & the country are taking a stand to demand action on gun violence  i…
let s go to the videotape 
rt  civilrightsorg  remember this  an attack on one community is an attack on all communities  we must all continue to say loud and clear t…
rt  mcleanwillis  some of nyc s finest resident leaders stand united in opposition to the rent increases and work requirements proposed by…
i honestly can t think of anything more terrifying  heartbreaking & un-american than that -- killing people in a place of worship 
abby s piece   not friends   will hang in the u s  capitol for the upcoming year on behalf of all the people of rho…
the so-called balanced budget amendment was nothing but a republican attempt to pay for the g o p tax scam by cutting…
today on tax day  remember the g o p tax scam was falsely sold as a bill for the middle class  in texas alone  the top…
i am proud that today we  as a nation  took a stand against humantrafficking  this week we announced the shutdown…
rt  navicenthealth  huge thanks to  sanfordbishop &  austinscottga08 for their support of the connect well pilot program with  everyone_on…
m l k day is a chance to reflect on the justice and equality that dr  king devoted his life to for all americans  let…
thank you  timkaine for sharing liviu librescu s powerful story  congress standing by and refusing to act on gun…
one week left  showcase your artwork in the 2018 congressional art competition  the winning art piece will be disp…
today i greeted quad-cities 43rd honor flight  which included 4 world war 2 vets  12 korean war vets and 82 vietnam…
updating the bellflower city council on the progress and next steps for metro s artesia line  aka the west santa an…
i knew the benefits of solar  i wanted to make sure our community knew too  in a community grade project  everyone benefits  thinktechhi
great to meet w  nasagoddard director scolese to receive an update on some of the critical missions that goddard em…
if the man elected to defend our democracy and our ballot box is too weak or distracted to do so  congress  a co-eq…
 cbo  confirms trumpcare means more costs and less coverage and less protections for everyone  it is immoral  congress must reject it 
as an island state  hawaii is uniquely reliant on air travel  air transportation is an essential lifeline for peopl…
the recent event in philadelphia  told us this isn t a starbucks issue  but an american one – and an issue that o…
the trump administration s latest attack on consumers will allow predatory lenders to rip off low-income students w…
excited to talk about environmental justice and the fight for clean air and water   hiphopcaucus tune in tonight at…
i will be on the house floor tonight around 7 pm et/4 pm pt to discuss how the new tax law is a raw deal for middle…
rt  repcicilline  democrats have a real plan to give people a better deal through investing in our workers & reprioritizing groundbreaking r…
my op-ed in the globe on how we can get to the bottom of russia s attack on our country 
comienza el debate de  promesa 
on holocaust remembrance day  we remember the horrors of the holocaust and honor the six million jewish people that…
rt  texascorn   texascorn appreciates  repcuellar for his strong support of texas corn and texasagriculture 
i am pleased to say that the house just voted to include my bill as an amendment to the faa reauthorization act  we…
the attacks on our transgender brothers and sisters by the trump administration must end  this latest attempt to al…
thank you to my friends at  samsung  samsungdc for hosting me today at your facility in ridgefield park  one cannot…
rt  jstreetdotorg  prime minister netanyahu is doing an amazing job making the case for an international agreement to provide unprecedented…
it was an honor to work w/  repjoseserrano &  nydiavelazquez on this small tribute to hero & role model roberto cle…
continuing our small business week tour at larsen florist & greenhouse inc - a fifth-generation family owned compan…
i disagree   realdonaldtrump  the iran deal makes our country safer from the threat of nuclear war and i continue…
one in 10 americans has a rare disease  including thousands of hoosiers  today  on  rarediseaseday …
last week i organized a letter to  secazar urging him to fill the autism coordinator position at  hhsgov  i m plea…
the 115th congress will stand up for affordable housing  11 4m renters pay more than half their income for rent …
a quarter of a million dollars in one month   housegop is free to dust off its oversight duties any time 
the critical role that nurses play in our healthcare system can not be overstated  they are healthcare professional…
congratulations to bernice clarke on 50 years of incredible volunteer service to the napa queen of the valley medic…
rt  nkf    repeliotengel thousands of kidney patients across ny thank you for co-sponsoring the living donor protection act h r  1270  my k…
this week the dr  chris kirkpatrick whistleblower protection act passed the house w/ bipartisan support  learn more 
grateful to have met with a delegation of retired three- and four-star generals  incl  general charles  chuck  f  w…
my father was a wwii bomber pilot and through his service i learned what it means to be devoted to honoring those w…
great to see bipartisan action in congress delivering important wins for the connecticut economy  we were able to…
we helped az seniors protect themselves from financial fraud at our senior safe event  protect yourself from financ…
in 2016   realdonaldtrump promised to eliminate the debt in eight years  instead   uscbo says that laws passed sinc…
rt  lasdhq  update  1 suspect being detained regarding the person with a gun the call at highland high school in palmdale   palmdalesherif…
yesterday i met with the president of guatemala  jimmy morales  and discussed guatemala s relationship with the uni…
in response to gun violence  students spoke up  walked out  rallied  met with leaders and held town halls  we hear…
the iran deal is a historic diplomatic achievement that is keeping nuclear weapons out of iran s hands  inspectors…
remember  hosting a town hall this saturday so i can hear directly from our community about what matters most  rsvp 
reports  dhsgov will begin separating families at the border are extremely disturbing  this is another example of t…
rt  phillies  on this date nine years ago  we lost harry  we miss you  hk  ❤️️
i joined my colleagues from the  hispaniccaucus to continue actively denouncing  realdonaldtrump s administrations…
abstinence-only sex education puts young people s health at risk  by promoting this agenda of disinformation  presi…
the bemidji airport  one of the local economy s lifelines  has been awarded a grant to improve future development 
on yom hashoah   we remember all those who perished because of hate  we must not only reflect on that evil  but als…
rt  cbsnews  democratic rep  maxine waters on boycotting president trump s  sotu    i don t trust him  i don t believe anything he has to sa…
rt  repbonamici  clean water is a human right  the flint water crisis is still unresolved  four years later  that s unacceptable  congress…
rt  gretatweeted   repjackyrosen talking yucca mountain   we will continue to fight it every step of the way   eggsand issues  lvchamber ht…
the trump administration is making it harder to protect college students from predatory lending and return money to…
each one  teach one   
agreed   repjayapal -- agreed  this is pure lunacy  but i don t think we should expect anything more from this part…
congratulations to my dear friend  senduckworth on the historic birth of her second child  maile pearl 
the number one reason people don t vote is they forget  join me in making a voting plan for the june 7th  c a primary  today 
this world diabetes day  we need to talk about the rising cost of insulin  people with diabetes should be focused on…
standing with my colleagues to oppose the trump admin s changes to the 2020 census that would hurt immigrant  mino…
without the guarantee of net neutrality  the internet superhighway s rules of the road will favor big businesses ov…
what s credit discrimination   cfpb has the answer   flm2018  question of the day
in the  desots   i said we would present a plan for a new public-private partnership for the port of wilmington  o…
this is not simply about the 2016 election  but a path forward to preserve the integrity of our democracy and preve…
  equifax failed to protect americans  highly sensitive data  my colleagues & i have serious concerns & need answers
in case you missed the faith and congressional leaders  souls2enroll press conference on  aca  open enrollment  watc…
i m proud of arizona teachers for standing up and saying   enough is enough   for too long our state legislature…
it is vital that we have proper methods of informing american youth about how to deal with bullying  both on and of…
wow  get this 
rt  officialcbc  much like the money he inherited from his father to start his business   realdonaldtrump inherited the low black unemploym…
through my stopping senior scam plan  i m working to combat irs call scams & protect members of the greatest genera…
tourism is integral to pinellas  community & economy  great to hear from  werrestaurants members on issues impactin…
rt  jeremyunger1  inspiring to see three badass women rev up the crowd here at district2 fair  nyc has some great leaders in  carlinarivera…
free black history program sat   independencenhp phila s forgotten hero octavius v  catto  inspiring story of great civil rights activist 
thanks for the delicious juice  really  wolfed  it down 
snap  our country s most important anti-hunger program  is in danger of being drastically cut  nearly 30 000 househ…
with  realdonaldtrump seeking to quickly complete a deal   usprogressives have released proposed changes to  nafta… 
great news from the illinois state senate  another ratification of the  era   we need an e r anow to guarantee women …
don t forget  tonight  i ll be holding a telephone town hall meeting for my constituents at 6 45 p m  pst  this is…
 repespaillat hosts first ever recognition of semana dominicana dominican week on capitol hill on monday  may 7th f…
my thoughts on the president s decision to withdraw the united states from the iran deal 
rt  eileenwbfo    repbrianhiggins held a conversation on gun reform with wny students  wearesfa  hear their story wednesday morning  wbfo h…
interim superintendent robert gregory stopped by my newark office today to discuss education funding and his innova…
everyone knows cohen has been trump s go-to lawyer & fixer  protecting him in lawsuits & representing him in all so…
rt  cbsnews  rep  john sarbanes  is it true that facebook offered to provide to dedicated campaign embeds to both the presidential campaign…
my bill would protect consumers from misinformation and advertising that promotes unnecessarily expensive prescription drugs
rt  repdankildee  according to  foxnews  the economy under president trump produced fewer new jobs in 2017 than in each of the previous six…
on average  women are paid just 80 cents for every  1 paid to male counterparts  for women of color  the wagegap i…
one of the top things that make families want to lay their roots in a neighborhood is quality schools  that s why t…
looking forward to joining sportsmen & conservation leaders at  detroitzoo today to call for action on the recoveri…
rt  officialcbc  cbc chairman  reprichmond s statement on  realdonaldtrump   kaepernick7 and the  nfl  im with kap root out racism
rep  cicilline answers questions from rhode island high school students as part of  gcriyv civics day at the state…
i voted no because the bill sets our country back by  400 billion  denying american citizens jobs and higher wages …
rt  senduckworth  i may have to vote today  so maile s outfit is prepped  i made sure she has a jacket so she doesn t violate the senate fl…
the consequences of trump s tariffs are starting to take effect  a trade war will hurt everyone and china s first m…
airolina young aviators program is leading the way  making sure opportunities in stem are available to all young pe…
congrats to my military academy nominee  alexander sobeski  for his appointment to the  westpoint_usma  the…
tune in to watch the bipartisan heroin task force live   reptommacarthur and i are joined by fellow task force memb…
before we join with students  parents  and teachers across the nation to marchfor our lives tomorrow  read my though…
trump tax plan will make u s  only advanced economy to see its public debt ratio increase  imf warns 

enjoyed my annual lecture at uva yesterday  great discussion with great students  thanks to  uvabatten professor…
mahalo to  staradvertiser for covering this important issue with the 100th battalion  team rep takai
it s time we put solutions over politics  let s come together to recognize what works in healthcare  fix what doesn t  & seek to lower costs
recent policy changes from  interior could harm thousands of migrating bird species by tying the hands of environme…
rt  aclu  report any voter suppression to  lawyerscomm voter protection hotline at 866-ourvote
rt  sensherrodbrown  veterans  organizations oppose privatization because they know the bottom line will be profits  not service to veteran…
every day that congress doesn t act  122 d r e a mers lose their  daca  protections  as of today  11 912 dreamers have…
i ll be on the house floor this evening with congressman john garamendi discussing president trump s terrible infra…
monday read   by pledging to break one nuclear deal just as he enters negotiations for another  mr  trump risks sen…
rt  repdonbeyer  forty years of the hyde amendment blocking healthcare for women is too much  congress must be bold end hyde today 
april 24th should be a day that the united states & nations around the world commemorate the armenian genocide  we…
rt  adposoff   repdwightevans good to see you tonight  we will definitely reach out with an invitation to cone back to speak at  tuesdaysto…
this small business week  i m honoring the many colorado enterprises and their owners who help our economy thrive  e…
rt  repcohen  planned parenthood s  cecilerichards retiring after 12years the helm i enjoyed working w/ her for past 11  of them on reprod…
pleased to report that the recently-passed omnibus includes the  75m in funding for nics that i requested from appr…
proud to speak tonight at the  ushcc summit discussing ways latino business leaders and all of the private sector h…
rt  repdianadegette  every day  &gt 820 women in developing countries die due to childbirth-related complications  including unsafe abortion …
as a proud member of the congressional bike caucus  i want to wish everyone a happy national bicycle day  🚲 checkout…
i m working to make sure that young people have access to good-paying jobs  the bipartisan  faa  reauthorization bil…
today   repmckinley and i introduced legislation that will reduce the cost of expanding broadband access to local c…
i ve always put arizona ahead of party to get things done  great to talk with  repandybiggsaz and  evpartnership ab…
rt  nowthisnews   this really is not about democrats  it s about democracy…it s not about republicans  it s about the republic  
yet another senseless shooting in america  my heart goes out to the families and victims  when will enough be enoug…
trump knows that his tax plan is garbage  he literally tossed his prepared remarks in the air so that he could repe…
rt if you think we ve had enough moments of silence for gun violence  we need moments of action   speakerryan  give us a vote not one more
this year  central florida honors four of our own  whose names will be added to the law enforcement memorial wall …
rt  kylebuis  as the next phase of the oroville dam spillway repair is set to begin  who gets the bill  if you re assuming fema  you ll wa…
i had an informative visit to the lifespan cancer institute  rihospital to learn more about the range of clinical r…
cesar chavez was a labor leader  educator and civil rights hero who fought to make our country a more just and equa…
rt  nancypelosi  there is no excuse for forcing public servants to lie to the american people so the administration can score political poi…
we re fans
the  bangordailynews thinks it s time for  epascottpruitt to go  i couldn t agree more  this bdn editorial raises a…
twenty veterans a day are taking their own lives  the bipartisan provisions we got signed into law will help ensure…
the u s  needs more people with trade skills  my community college to career fund act will help address this crisi…
a college education is essential for entering the middle class  however  more students than ever are graduating wit…
trump and congressional republicans failed to repeal the affordable care act  but they ve quietly worked hard to ma…
cc   epascottpruitt
had the fortunate opportunity of attending the soldier s medal presentation to  repbradwenstrup this afternoon for…
not surprised  stevenmnuchin1 values his own comfort more than taxpayer money  but blowing nearly  1 million on 8 m…
keeping weapons of war off our streets will help save lives  recycling bad  untested nra ideas is a waste of time 
as climate change increases the amount of heat content in the ocean  storms are becoming stronger and deadlier  mea…
congrats to this year s congressional art competition winners from  nv03   tina yun from  1001coronado  kayla espinal…
great to be at  lemaymarymount this am supporting  fpsd402 &  bethelsd students at the annual parkland/spanaway kiw…
today marks the 103rd anniversary of the armenian genocide  this past weekend  i joined leaders & our san joaquin…
transgender dayof visibility is as important as ever with the constant attacks by the trump admin  it s time to pass…
the irs told steve they wouldn t process his tax return until he provided a proof of identity and many past tax ret…
thrilled to join aaron lehman on his father s farm in slater  iowa  so thankful to him  his wife  nicole  & friends…
christopher s loss is heartbreaking  in just 11 days  he would have become the first in his family to graduate from…
get covered today  there are only five days left to visit to buy or change your health care…
rt  aarpwa  thanks to  repdennyheck for meeting with us on aarp lobby day in dc - great discussion on retirement security for washingtonian…
growing up  many of us were told that a fighter pilot or commercial airline pilot was a  man s job   but that didn …
staff available for satellite office hours at the john duke center in niagara falls starting at 10am
i had the opportunity to meet with sindhi human rights activist sufi laghari to discuss the importance of supportin…
i work for you and one of my most important roles is bridging the gap between folks from our region and your govern…
25 years ago today  2 freshman congressmen from chicago make gun control legislation a top priority  responding to…
report after report reveals the g o p tax scam is overwhelmingly benefitting corporations and shareholders instead of…
time s running out  high school artists across the hv are encouraged to submit their work to the congressional art…
it was a honor and pleasure to bring greetings from the united states congress as we inaugurated the first woman an…
more & more young people do not want to own a car  and  with investments in mass transit and ride sharing features …
  potus plans to upend the lives of over 200k salvadorans who have lived & worked lawfully in the u s  for nearly t…
robust funding for the great lakes restoration initiative is vital to the public health & economy of our region & t…
rt  time  time s new cover  the school shooting generation has had enough
we re evaluating our best options to continue to fight for all hardworking americans who deserve to know the advice…
trump is at it again  in private  he is still claiming that obama was not born in the us  so what are we to think a…
rt  junior_naa 
i will be hosting a free tax preparation event on friday  march 9th in imperial county  please call my office at  7…
finally  the constitution gives congress  not the president  the power to declare war  the president must obtain co…
thanks to the hard work of an experienced caseworker in my enfield office named karen  katherine s dedicated effor…
 chronicle
happy birthday   corybooker  i hope it s a good one 
team julia kicked off the week with friends  food  & phone banking  join our volunteer team at ca26 juliabrownley
snap use has been going down since  barackobama was president  it s working — so why is your  gop trying to gut it 
i hope that  realdonaldtrump knows these names  i hope he remembers them  and i hope he thinks of them when he thin…
peter s statement in response to president trump s prescription drug plan 
2017 was actually the slowest year of economic growth in 7 years   sotu 
yeah  so most days don t end like this one  thanks  tina 
the equal pay act has been law for 55 years  but still women on average earn less than men for the same work  women…
friday  april 20  2018 is the deadline for the 2018 congressional art competition for high school students in michi…
rt  repstephmurphy  the students of marjory stoneman douglas returned to class today for the first time since the parkland shooting  what…
katherine kennedy has made it her life s work to help families and veterans facing hardship  when she contacted my…
this was a really bad tax bill  i voted against it 
don t forget to vote for your favorite piece in rep  tulsi gabbard s kaha kiʻi congressional art competition now th…
rt  benniegthompson  as we celebrate mrs  fannie lou hamer s 100th birthday  let s honor her by continuing to fight for equality for all pe…
we ve launched more missiles at syria this year than we ve accepted syrian refugees  leading the free world means…
  secretarycarson doesn t understand how difficult it is for low-income families struggling to keep roofs over thei…
 eshupin  nlihc  dianeyentel  hellerrachel  janellechan  chapadotorg  ma_dhcd  mhphousing  masshousing…
expanding university research access to autonomous systems in coordination with the navy is good for future of war…
proud to participate beside police officers in a class today in saddle brook  the anti-drug and anti-violence effor…
 realdonaldtrump don t negotiate with a racist  republicans need to stand up  speak out  and end this madness now …
so great meet with allan monga of  deeringhs this morning following his wonderful performance at the  poetryoutloud…
rt  tedrickg    repannaeshoo to  epascottpruitt at hearing today re  his travel costs  with all due respect i may be elected but i m not a…
firing rosenstein is obstruction of justice and would warrant the same congressional response as firing mueller  we…
rt  normajtorres  republican myth  democrats are responsible for the govt shutdown debunked  no  republicans had all year to work with dem…
hope to see you on april 2nd for our next town hall -- looking forward to hearing what s on your mind and taking yo…
by showing up for town halls  people are standing up and saying   we want to participate in our democracy  we are r…
it s never too early to begin thinking about and saving for retirement  this national retirement planning week  che…
today  join us for a great event
after  potus tried to slash this vital effort  our bipartisan coalition has again secured  300 million for the grea…
rt  caapts   caapts in dc for  naahq a p t advocate lobbying congress on data security  infrastructure  ada lawsuit reform and flood insuranc…
the farce continues  senate republicans forcing a shutdown 
tomorrow  scotus will hear oral arguments on trump s muslim ban  it s time to end policies that foster bigotry and…
great turn out tonight with the beltrami county dfl and fresh walleye 
  foxnews and  teamcavuto say its inconsistent for any democrat to have opposed iran deal and then think trump is mishandling it now 
glad to see the senate take the first steps towards protecting the mueller investigation  it s time for  housegop t…
rt  energycommerce  watch live  energy subcommittee hearing on electric transmission infrastructure →
at the  dx diagnostics forum  i was pleased to provide an update on my efforts to improve oversight of lab diagnost…
congratulations to this year s scholarship recipients at  ranchoramslv  hsu  awards banquet n ved home means n v  nv01 
word
attention  fl21   the location for  vawestpalmbeach office hours has temporarily changed  starting next week my staf…
the stakes are high  the smog-reducing requirements at issue will save hundreds of lives and prevent 230 000 asthma…
rt  carefirst_news  with support from community leaders including  repraskin   cherylkagan   kumarbarve   brianjfeldman &  cbarkleymoco   c…
i voted no on the budget bill because i wanted a commitment from  speakerryan to bring a bill to protect dreamers…
in today s edition of not draining the swamp   potus budget chief   mickmulvaneyomb said  if you re a lobbyist who…
  amazon s board is 100% white and 70% male  a shareholder proposal asked amazon to implement a new plan to ensure…
rt  aflcio  we believe workers deserve to live with dignity on  and off  the job  they demand respect  safe working conditions  living wage…
happy passover & chag sameach to all  wishing everyone in  ca33  and around the world a meaningful passover seder w…
it was great to see the eastern stars donating their time in the albany civic center with mayor dorothy hubbard of…
as a former teacher  i know how hard but rewarding the job can be  happy national teacher day and thank you for all of the work that you do 
⬇️⬇️⬇️⬇️every vote matters  
we re already doing that here in nashville   lessig our bipartisan push with the local election commission helped i…
rt  houseforeign  cmte passes  repschneider s global engagement center authorities act
1/   realdonaldtrump has stocked his admin with wealthy and well-connected insiders  as one lobbyist-turned-trump a…
rt  congressmanraja  here s my statement in reaction to the white house s assertion that the white house counsel s office is not investigat…
minnie minoso aka the cuban comet was 2nd black in american league and the first afro-caribbean star  but for segr…
rt  stopthedebttrap  civil rights and consumer fighter  repmaxinewaters is on the warpath  tearing down every argument payday lenders and t…
the gop s  1 5 trillion in tax cuts for billionaires and corporate special interests has ballooned the deficit   no…
congrats as well to principal athena kromidas who is retiring this week after spending 33 years at the school  2/2
dedicated planning for walking and bicycling commutes not only makes our communities more vibrant and successful  b…
it was good to participate in the inman park parade today and see many of my young and not so young constituents 
rt  jamieeldridgema  honored to listen to  repgutierrez  guest of  repmcgovern  speak at worcester  ymca  on puerto rico  immigration refor…
rt  ricksmithshow  our next guest is rep  ro khanna  california congressman representing the 17th congressional district   reprokhanna
rt  wabenews    repdavidscott on health care plan from house democratic group
rt  joaquincastrotx  i was glad to speak on the need for a stronger transatlantic relationship at the  fesonline breakfast this morning wit…
every day  housegop ignores their constituents wishes for transparency  as well as their constitutional responsibil…
rt  jessidg  student leaders are reading  repannaeshoo s letter to the entire  foothillcollege campus  national walkout day march for our live…
rt  lacyclaymo1  pleased to cosponsor h r  4815 the marijuana justice act  removes marijuana from federal controlled substances act 
disturbing moves from the department of education  which has filled its ranks with for-profit college executives an…
this morning  it was a pleasure to present the silver and bronze congressional  theaward medals to tanner from stra…
rt  aguscipolicy   we can not afford to lose another brilliant scientist  says  replipinski  housescience hearing on sexual harassment in t…
rt  mydesert  a bill by democratic rep  raul ruiz that eliminates a medicare cost-cutting panel passed the house thursday
one of the best parts of my job is being able to meet and talk with my constituents  take a look at my map showing…
omaha is one step closer to having an updated va medical facility  honored to have broad bipartisan support   ne02 
today s  usgao findings confirm what many americans already know   livenation -  ticketmaster is an anti-consumer c…
arizonans are hard-working and resourceful  but to stay competitive in today s global marketplace  we need to ensur…
a2  one analysis by  e2 found that repealing the clean power plan could cost as many as 560 000 jobs and  52 billio…
 mainetourism proud to support work of these businesses by pushing for additional h2b visas they ve asked for to fi…
on international womens day we celebrate the invaluable contributions of the women around us and all over the world - past  present & future 
there are thousands of men and women in jail right now for the same  unjust reasons that meek mill was put in jail…
rt  winwithoutwar  rep  conyers just introduced a bill to prevent trump from starting a war with north korea  thank you  repjohnconyers for…
saddened to hear of donald collins passing  as mayor of caribou and as a state legislator  he demonstrated his comm…
rt  cnnpolitics  waters defends her  take trump out  comment   the only harm i may be doing to the president is i want him impeached 
caring for our seniors has always been personal for me and it will always remain a top priority of mine  i met with…
my office is currently accepting entries for the 2018 congressional district art competition  winning art piece by…
this teacher appreciation week  i want to say thank you to special education teacher denise arrington and the amazin…
going to the house floor to speak on the many provisions i got included in the bipartisan faa reauthorization bill…
just as expected  this is the gop tax scam boiled down 
my opioid advertising and prescriber prohibition act of 2018 bans advertising and marketing of dangerous  highly ad…
 sos_5050  mandt_bank  mhaoferieco  bfalive
i will vote no on the gop s  balanced budget  constitutional amendment  this legislation  branded as an attempt to…
rt  repbonnie  today   housegop rejected my amendment that would direct dhs to include white supremacy in their countering violent extremis…
our federal employees dedicate themselves to public service for the american people by keeping the gov t running  h…
hosting a panel discussion today with health professionals  rep   keithellison  and  usprogressives to discuss heal…
rt  sierraclublive    repmikequigley to  epascottpruitt   come on you little chicken  let s talk   and  you are too afraid to debate anyone…
started today s higher education tour at  udelaware s star campus 
pruitt faces 7 federal inquiries for his lavish spending   improper industry ties  he must be fired  in fact  he sh…
  realdonaldtrump broke his promise to drain the swamp  instead of looking out for everyday people  the trump admin…
rt  cqnow  join  rollcall house ways & means subcommittee on health s  peterroskam &  repsandylevin  for first-hand insight into the latest…
  rephanabusa  happy birthday  grateful for your work protecting our public lands and natural resources 
today is national teacher day  join me in thanking the incredible educators who invest their time and energy into ou…
the gap between ceos & workers was 8x larger in 2016 than 1980  that s why  repbonnie & i introduced the ceo accoun…
we remember the millions of lives that were horrifically lost during the holocaust  we must ensure a tragedy like t…
great to be with  pva1946 for their 2018 annual banquet dinner 
wall street s irresponsibility led to 10% unemployment during the financial crisis  wrong choice act would make that behavior legal again 
great to see another judicial ruling supporting  daca   especially because this one adds that new daca applicants mu…
congrats to madison ly from earnest righetti high school on being this year s congressional art competition winner …
the trump administration s decision to dismantle the cfpb s student loan office is an egregious insult to the tens…
rt  hispaniccaucus    realdonaldtrump  since you ended  daca   democrats & republicans in both the house & senate have introduced at least 1…
 1/2  the  fcc voted earlier this month to repeal vital net neutrality rules  this terrible decision will allow int…
ty  mepfuller for addressing the problem we have in congress  i anchor  officialcbc s special order hr 1x/week on c…
rt  elpasotimes   we have a responsibility to get this right and ensure that no veteran suffers from opioid addiction  
deeply saddened by this morning s events in ct  my thoughts and prayers are with all affected by this horrible tragedy 
 potus has evolved from media spectacle to three ring circus with three simultaneous court battles involving alleg…
 omb [office of management and budget] is still trying to squeeze blood from a turnip as i said last year  and it s…
absolutely unacceptable that this is happening in the richest nation in the world  the response to hurricane maria…
proud to join  housejuddems today at our press conference to introduce the special counsel integrity act  a bill th…
rest in peace  barbara bush 
what s the real cost of  realdonaldtrump s russia meltdown  you  he s incapable of putting your needs first — a pay…
i posted a new photo to facebook
as muslims in the 4th district and around the globe mark the start of ramadan this evening  we support them in the…
zika is a public health emergency  16 832 us cases  2 on cc and  gop  plays politics by tying funding to  ppact 
congrats to all who led the way and the officer who reached and grabbed and sweated with the best to conquer this achievement 
now is the time to act because the courts could rule as early as this fall on the fate of daca and only congress ca…
 president trump took two giant steps thursday to disembowel the affordable care act    potus  aca  protect our care
i introduced legislation w/  ronwyden  randpaul &  jimpressoffice yesterday that will require public disclosure of…
rt  transportdems  today  ranking member  reppeterdefazio received road gang s 2017 p  d  mclean award in recognition of his outstanding co…
on this presidents day2018  we are reminded about the foundation of our nation  our principles  our constitution i…
always great  & delicious  to stop into fortunato brothers bakery for 1 of their famous cannolis  started in 1976 …
 they will not receive cards or hugs this mother s day from the children they lost at marjory stoneman douglas high…
rt  repswalwell  every day   realdonaldtrump brings us closer and closer to a constitutional crisis  he needs a check  there is no excuse f…
this funding ensures general atomics can continue to develop advances in nuclear technology that can unlock new sou…
in his efforts to destroy this agreement  president trump ignores consistent assurances of iranian compliance from…
we need your help--sign up to circulate petitions 
federal deficit explodes under trump/republicans  barely a peep from tea party  president obama reduced deficit dra…
fattah team - 11 million / 20 billion / fattah tax credit bill for students permanently extended after house vote
 3 2 billion in new funding to help fight the opioid epidemic  5 million increase to support food banks  1 billio…
rt  repgwenmoore  when i was a  mke  public school student  i went without breakfast every day because my mom couldn t afford to buy enough…
  realdonaldtrump & ag sessions  if someone tries to stop the sixth-largest economy in the world from doing the th…
happy nepali new year 2075 to our community in the east bay - wishing you a joyous and prosperous year ahead 
my op-ed in  usatoday looks at how wall street hastened the demise of legendary new jersey chain toys r us and threa…
rt  travis_tritten  rep  veasey proposes amendment prohibiting aircraft and motorized military vehicles in any trump parade   fy19ndaa 
the faulty corporate welfare and billionaire benefit plan passed by the senate has come back to the house  don t v…
i m so proud of my  nra rating  i ll wear it on my chest  i invite my colleagues to join me in wearing our f rating…
teachers help raise the next generation of leaders  police officers and fire fighters keep our communities safe  th…
rt  transportdems  watch ranking member  reppeterdefazio s opening statement during today s hearing on last year s catastrophic wildfire s…
rising prescription drug prices are forcing roughly one in five americans to ration the medication that keeps them…
we incarcerate more people than any other nation in the world  the boxer jack johnson deserves a pardon  america de…
thank you   copur_national
rt  howroute   alangrayson or they re no longer afraid to get caught 
rt  whiphoyer  americans should know if potus is profiting from the presidency & congress must take a stand against conflicts of interest …
rt  capradioruyak   dorismatsui on hopes that parkland students speak leads to action  her comments to us on
op-ed w/  repdavideprice  trump s decision to drastically cut  unrwa assistance for palestinian refugees is callous…
rt  margauxisaksen  so grateful to  rephuffman    reprubengallego and  senbennetco for their continued leadership on publiclands and suppo…
french president   emmanuelmacron  gets it  we must build a better future for our children  we can t leave the mos…
wishing a happy mothers day to my mom  wife  and all the moms and women who give so much to make our world better e…
great to see vermont leading the way  i was honored to testify in support of this bill and will continue fighting t…
today  in celebration of national ag day  i would like to thank all of the farmers across iowa and the nation who ar…
the gop called their tax plan a  middle class miracle  that would lift up the us economy  now we know this scam onl…
rt  rhsbillolsen   peterwelch speaking at rutlandhs  it s not about vilifying people you disagree with  it s about trying to find common g…
rt  deanobeidallah  i agree 100% with rudy giuliani - trump should get the  hillary clinton treatment   that means like hillary did regardi…
rt  amjoyshow    repmaxinewaters  republicans  don t have any guts  on trump via  amjoyshow
video of my discussion with facebook ceo mark zuckerberg 
rt  first5marin  this is what we ll be talking about at first 5 marin s policy breakfast tomorrow-- with congressman jared huffman and cong…
proud to join a bipartisan  bi-cameral group introducing the amash-lofgren amendment today to protect 4th amendment…
i agree completely with  usatoday   epascottpruitt  is an ethical train wreck   that s why i told him last week tha…
  repcheri and i are working hard to ensure the rock island arsenal has what it needs to succeed  take a look at ou…
thank you  skyestats
celebrating 💯 years of the youngstown foundation  thank you for a century of dedicated service to our community — l…
rt  nrdc  arctic sea ice has melted so much   natgeo had to redraw its atlas 
he says consequences of closing community hospital are not just measured in life and death  patients will wait in p…
the o rourke family wishes you a very merry christmas 
rt  waysmeanscmte   this bill is not for the people  it is not of the people  and it was not and never will be tax reform   –  repjohnlewis…
excited to be in everett for the democratic caucus this morning 
please join us this weekend for a timely discussion 
at 12 02am on december 13  2017  house republicans voted to advance a bill that cuts teacher training programs  t…
so inspired by these two young constituents - sean sebastian darcy and justin adjassu - who continue to lead others…
hurricane maria caused widespread devastation across puerto rico  killing hundreds  destroying hundreds of thousand…
thread   1/2  last year  puerto rico was devastated by hurricane maria  which caused major structural damage throug…
just remember  while some of you may not be old enough to vote in november  you still have power goknockdoors nationalwalkoutday
if you want to know how to help our community on hawaii island  please visit  hawaiiredcross at…
in order to avoid falling further behind  i have introduced the america wins act  this bill is fully paid for by ta…
i joined the climate solutions caucus to help advance bipartisan solutions to reduce human impact on the planet and…
on world press freedom day we must celebrate the essential role of journalists in maintaining a strong and healthy democracy 
firing rod rosenstein because he approved a warrant that may produce evidence against the president or his lawyer i…
rt  oregonian  kurt schrader  finding good information in the age of  fake news   guest opinion 
today marks the two-year anniversary of the paris agreement – a moment when the world s nations joined together  co…
our contra costa county finalist is crystal wiyono from pinole valley high school for her piece  ethereal   3/4 
the trump administration s decision to add a citizenship question to the 2020 census is a dangerous  alarming & de…
children & older individuals are especially vulnerable to coalash exposure  1 5  million children live near…
the department of education should be protecting students  not corporate executives
one year ago   housegop was willing to sacrifice the health and financial security of my constituents to ram throug…
i joined my colleagues to demand common sense gun reform  as  gabbygiffords says  the nation is counting on us 
the cdc reports that opioids are the single leading cause of drug-related deaths  and that problem is compounded am…
reports allege the  nra  & certain russian individuals may have coordinated to influence our 2016 elections  this co…
rt  smalluavs    in particular  the coalition thanks  repbillshuster   reppeterdefazio   replobiondo   repricklarsen   replipinski   repsco…
enjoyed meeting with eau claire biz owners to hear their thoughts on how we can work together to grow the economy &…
as we reflect upon the struggles of the past & honor the life of an exceptional leader  let s also re-commit oursel…
we owe vets so much for their service  va provides critical job training for vets who are disabled up to 12 years a…
community development block grants are also central to the funding of meals on wheels  trump budget would leave the program in crisis 
on r j day4 immigrants  a reminder that the official in charge of refugee resettlement keeps a list of each pregnant…
in my district  38 000 households participate in snap  i will fight to keep their benefits and food assistance  hands off s n a p
solar energy s success in nevada has led to new jobs  cheaper power bills & the growth of a new industry that is di…
celebrating black history month with  stenyhoyer and carla hayden  librarycongress  america is great because of all…
under the  gop controlled fcc  rules repealing net neutralty officially went into effect today  i have publicly opp…
i support this bipartisan effort to give us a vote on a legislative solution to protect dreamers …
net neutrality protects innovators  entrepreneurs and small businesses in mid-michigan — they can t afford  fcc eff…
if true  this is even worse than putting party over country  this would be a purge of state department diplomats on…
rural  underserved communities are more vulnerable to environmental and health threats   
the red  white  and blue medicare card is getting a new look this year  beginning in april of 2018  the centers fo…
tune in now to hear my remarks on the house floor 
our storms are becoming more severe and our weather more unpredictable every day  climate change isn t waiting on u…
the 2nd major tax deduction the g o p tax plan will cut is the student loan deduction  in 2016   fafsa reported that 5…
 agentcoopr702  fiverrules  allahpundit yeah  except that none of that is true  but thanks for playing 
rt  housedemocrats    potus trying to get his first bill passed ↓
created under the obama administration  the  cfpb has returned about  12 billion to american consumers  now  the tr…
 i mean  we re going to build more bombs but now we re going to cut health care for kids   said pallone  d-n j   th…
rt  susanwbrooks    repannaeshoo & i launched the bipartisan congressional biodefense caucus  which focuses on improving our preparedness…
devastating news out of brussels  my thoughts and prayers are with the victims of this horrendous attack 
met the owner  mary  who shared how she started her business in her 20s  since then  she has been able to upgrade a…
rt  anacabrera   these allegations  if true  show that dr  jackson probably shouldn t be a doctor anymore and certainly not the doctor for…
rt  nasro_info  a school resource officer  won t stop every school shooting     but we will never know how many shootings these officers wi…
it was great to see lt  governor  fairfaxjustin at the  naturbanleague s salute to the  officialcbc
nearly a year ago  i asked  usedgov to work with other federal agencies to help disabled americans discharge studen…
i am very proud to hear that the first congregational church of old lyme is once again standing up for a humane and…
here s a good summary of the many reasons  epascottpruitt has violated the public trust and should resign  he sides…
as lead democrat on the committee that funds  thejusticedept  it is great news it will end use of private prisons
 this is about us begging for our lives  this isn t about the gop  this isn t about the democrats  this is about us…
thanks to  dsaofcentralfl and its self-advocates for speaking with me about how congress can empower individuals wi…
great to see that restoration is going swimmingly on the san joaquin river  there is still a lot of work to be done…
it was great to join portage cub scout pack 487 at their pancake breakfast at first united methodist church last we…
rt  acmwillowrun   history was made here  and we re making history again   - john maddox  ceo  acm thank you to  onetoughnerd  lt  gov   b…
rt  businessinsider  ohio congressman tim ryan on the benefits of practicing mindfulness
 tbt  to tuesday night w/ this inspiring group of women i m fortunate to serve alongside every day  proud to stand i…
while there are improvements to be made within the va system  i am deeply disturbed by allegations that there is a…
rt  steelworkers  thank you  robert_aderholt &  repvisclosky for championing buyamerica in the interior appropriations today 
thank you  ucfhillel for hosting me on friday  it was great to talk about my trip to israel last year  for reasons…
i supported my colleague  rep  crowley  in his offering of a privileged resolution to establish a select committee…
the ability to peacefully advocate for change must be safeguarded as a human right & an essential element of democr…
the government should be open & working for the american people  instead  the  housegop &  senategop chose to bring about the trump shutdown
at 6 2  attorney general janet reno wasn t just one of the tallest  she set the bar extremely high for public serva…
rt  losfresnoscisd  congressman filemon vela was a special guest of lfhs tuesday as he addressed students in ap u s  history  ap government…
rt  latinovictoryus  today is national voter registration day  ponte las pilas and get registered here ---&gt  🔋🔋🔋 cel…
this rule is meant to ensure that federal housing dollars reduce historic patterns of segregation and poverty that…
rt  dorismatsui  seniors have a lot to lose if speaker ryan s devastating billionaires first tax plan becomes law 
polluting pruitt has consistently looked to enrich himself rather than protect the health of america s families  he…
i urge my colleagues to make sure that every vote will be accurately counted and pass the securing america s electi…
as president trump visits ca today to view prototypes for his symbolic wallof hate  he would do well to listen to t…
we need to invest in our infrastructure & local transportation  the omnibus triples grants for local transportatio…
students are demanding action to prevent gun violence- an issue they face at school  on the street & in their relat…
thanks to everyone who joined me today in monroe & deerpark  we had great conversations about important issues in o…
today i was joined by over 50 of my colleagues in submitting comments demanding  bjsgov abandon its attempt to eras…
thanks to the  carmensunion589 of the amalgamated transit union  afl/cio-clc for endorsing my candidacy mapoli
rt  childrnalliance  congrats 2014 champion for children  repjimmcdermott  thanks for making children a national priority 
time to stop the blame game that is taking place and focus on passing a bipartisan full-year budget 
right now  the sun is rising in washington  dc on the second day of the trump shutdown  any minute now  the preside…
the trump administration wants to move our country backward & reduce access to the nation s family planning progra…
praying for my colleagues and all those involved in the train accident in virginia  my thoughts are with them and their families 
  housegop pushing to shut out any member of congress who doesn t promise to vote for their bill is silencing the v…
rt  reptedlieu  democrats have repeatedly called for investigations into the trump admin s culture of corruption  unfortunately  the gop-con…
uscis will now destroy permanent resident cards  employment authorization cards & travel documents returned as unde…
rt  repbonnie  i m honored to have earned an f rating from the  nra for supporting commonsense gun safety legislation  alongside  repjohnya…
rt  1199mass  1199ers continue to advocate   the capitol  1199ers from  capecodhealth join  usrepkeating  care not chaos do no harm  aca   usp… 
the g o p farm bill only makes snap better if you define  better  as jeopardizing benefits for nearly 2 million people…
local news is under attack  this is truly disturbing 
i am pleased  usdot has continued to support akron s transformation into a 21st century city 
ben franklin said  nothing can…be certain  except death and taxes   the  gop  appears fine with the first 
expect more of this  will be interesting to watch cuomo scramble 
rt  marylandhunger  thank you  repjohndelaney for meeting with mdhs and for co-sponsoring h r  1276 which protects and strengthens snap  we…
as policymakers  we must understand complex technology issues in order to develop effective solutions  turning it o…
i am shocked by the actions of the pentagon and the california national guard against our veterans in california
rt  nytimes   only a fool would trust the us to keep its word in a rogue state nuke deal now   wrote a professor of political science at pu…
rt  clarissamcota  finished a full day of visiting with our nv congressional delegates - thank you all for the support of the hsi initiativ…
we believe in the power of science  and research  and inventions to cure diseases and change our way of living 
instead of working to prevent american jobs from being outsourced   realdonaldtrump is focused on helping foreign c…
rt  pilylooney1   caremorehealth hosting the emergency preparedness for all    including your pets  normajtorres  ishakeyr come join us  ht…
 speakerryan promised an open process  instead  49 closed rules have blocked 1 300 amendments from even being consi…
rt  pauavil  gracias  repespaillat por defender la vida y salud de las niñas y mujeres en el salvador y república dominicana   seguimosunid…
rt  cwaunion  we must fight every day for a moral and fair economy where working families earn a living wage  safe working conditions  and…
in parkland  florida today for march for our lives  standing shoulder to shoulder with these brave advocates who are…
thx to the standing-room-only crowd  politicsprose in dc for attending our big guns book event 
happy to welcome local 260 and local 513 of the transport workers union of america to my washington  d c  offices …
rt  jaketapper  it was not so long ago that this shameful attitude was prevalent in the us 
congratulations to all the honorees at tonight s beth el 64th annual gala in new rochelle 
rt  repcohen   memphis jewish community picked up m l k s torch -story by  michaelshure aired in israel& u s tells story of civil rights pa…
it is our responsibility in silicon valley to make sure that the rest of the country is not left behind  we must wo…
rt  appropsdems    secretaryrick testifies on  energy with ranking member  repmarcykaptur
icymi  i  along  repjoecourtney & irs senior stakeholder liaison joseph s  mccarthy  hosted a seminar on…
rt  repjerrynadler    realdonaldtrump is mistaken when he assumes that the rule of law no longer applies in this country  or that he is som…
rt  homelanddems  hearing on paying for border security about to begin with  repfilemonvela  video & more info----------------------&gt 
from a mishandled sexual assault case to abysmal educational outcomes  the  bureauindianedu has repeatedly failed t…
former first lady barbara bush represented our country with dignity and grace  her dedication to our country and de…
rt  usprogressives  the corker-kaine aumf would prolong the dangerous subversion of congressional authority to debate  vote on  declare  an…
 housegop the patriot employer act would provide a tax credit to companies who provide fair wages and a range of ben…
tomorrow  colorado s congressional delegation will have our annual info day for students interested in attending am…
rt  cleanairmoms   we have someone here who doesn t care about the mission statement that he s asked to embrace   - reppaultonko polluti…
taking away health coverage from 32m people isn t presidential  it isn t leadership  and it certainly isn t making america great  do better 
rt  umdsga  thank you  repraskin for taking time out of your day to meet with us to discuss daca  the campus accountability and safety act …
my response to  realdonaldtrump s first state of the union 
rt  officialcbc  since nine h b c us are celebrating 150 years of excellence this year  the cbc decided to honor them and other h b c us across…
unfortunately  few other corporate leaders joined  many lobbied for the tax cuts  starbucks received about  500 mil…
there are nearly 428 000 children in foster care at any given time in the us  most of whom wait two years before ge…
this is ridiculous   senategop does not know how to fill the schedule for the rest of 2018  how about a vote on the…
yesterday i sat down with  joaquincastrotx  san antonio mayor   ron_nirenberg  saws ceo robert puente  deputy assis…
intro d taxpayer d i m e act with  repohalleran so no taxpayer    is spent on gov t ✈️travel that violates rules for se…
putin s running an authoritarian regime  trump just congratulated him on his  re-election  
rt  variety  congress is poised to modernize music copyright  guest column by  repjudychu and  repdougcollins
•more than 200 000 enter the foster care system every year  this may  national foster care month recognizes foster…
i look forward to the opening of raleigh union station 
mi oficina le comunicó hoy al  uscgsoutheast la urgencia de que se rescaten los animales a bordo del ferry  estamos dándole seguimiento 
prayers for new york after what appears to be a horrific act of lone-wolf terrorism  this is an attack on us all 
the evidence of collusion is not fading  it is flourishing  that is why i am calling on chairman nunes & speaker ry…
rt  cdc_cancer  as  dwstweets celebrated 10 years of breast cancer survivorship last month  cdc s dr  lisa richardson was on hand to share…
for some reason  paying workers fairly is still up for debate  i m in constant admiration of the work my wife…
adding his voice to the chorus of unreason & prejudice in the world  mahmoud abbas gave a sickening & unacceptable…
gop tax scam  reverse robin hood  exploded deficit by  2 trillion  in order to cut taxes for millionaires/billionai…
congratulations to east hartford native vice admiral karl schultz who has been nominated to be the 26th commandant…
 epaoig  epascottpruitt my colleagues and i requested that  epaoig expand their investigation at that time to inclu…
as of today  81 members of congress have asked to cosponsor the bill i m introducing to save net neutrality  the mor…
rt  actmeasuresdoc  great private screening last night at  springstudios with an amazing panel afterwards with  ninaburleigh  repswalwell  …
it s a nice way to start teaching students about the sacrifices people have made for the country  my community is h…
i m proud to work with mexican-american colleagues in the  hispaniccaucus as we fight to break down barriers  expan…
no better way to round out your week than with a conversation with our fellow el pasoans about the issues that matt…
this week  i joined  carolhln to talk about the disgraceful way  realdonaldtrump &  whitehouse handled…
rt  neighbornoreen  future heroes   henrycountyboe and  fultoncoschools students given a boost toward military academy enrollment by  repda…
i asked for an investigation into why speaker ryan fired the house chaplain and whether it was for a prayer urging…
rt  kamalaharris  i remain committed to fighting for raising the minimum wage  making public colleges and universities tuition-free  and gu…
my thoughts and prayers go out to my republican colleagues and the other victims of today s train accident  as well as their families 
federal  neaarts grants awarded for programs at  squeakybuffalo  cepa gallery   justbuffalolit and  hallwalls
 jim_brunner good to know 
more than 50 retired generals & admirals say a trans military ban would degrade military readiness …
i m inspired by all those taking to the streets today and i ll keep fighting for real gun reform in congress with…
epa administrator scott pruitt has proposed drastic  epa budget cuts that will affect the environment and americans…
rt  rebleber  stunning to go through thousands of emails describing exactly how pruitt s staff cut him off from the public
i am pleased with our progress on this important legislation  which includes funding for our food safety-net progra…
rt  sustainableag  let s get back to a bipartisan process that will produce a bill that we all can be proud of   repmcgovern farmbill 201…
rt  repjayapal  in congress  i m proud to have formed the united for climate and environmental justice task force with  repmceachin and  re…
 fact   toxic waste and pollution have plagued marginalized communities causing serious health concerns for far too…
the gop is proposing to cut  20 billion from  snap   we must protect our nation s most effective safety net programs…
even republicans are getting worried  a couple days ago they said mueller didn t need any protection  now they re…
jerusalem is the eternal capital of the jewish people and the only capital the state of israel has ever had  i exp…
 tgowdysc  epaoig notable that epa s independent investigator  epaoig had requested a budget increase for 2019  ins…
yesterday  i had the honor of meeting isabelle richards  the recipient of the 2018 navy military child of the year®…
 4 3 billion of the total will be dedicated to efforts that will protect texans from future storms  such as home el…
rt  thehill  maxine waters calls on kelly to apologize to dem lawmaker he attacked
washington state exports nearly  80 billion in goods annually and a lot of those goods move through our waterways …
kristine from to emailed  what can i do to help before election day 
let s go ramblers   ramble on  luc  loyola onward l u loyola chicago elite eight  ncaa 
announcing our 2018 office hours schedule  see when my staff will be at your local library to help with social secu…
pleased to have secured several provisions in the  faa  reauthorization act that seek to combat airplane noise over…
lesson  if something doesn t look right it isn t right  russia a interest in  nra  never made sense  there s no righ…
working here in congress today to get the virgin islands back on its feet  vi day on the hill advocating for the vi…
rt  nancypelosi  we must stand strong against  realdonaldtrump s efforts to undermine the 2020 census 
these people have endured unspeakable tragedy and are under the constant threat of chemical attack from assad  i ur…
hey  realdonaldtrump -- i ve got 1 500 auto workers that are laid off at gm in lordstown  oh  not one tweet  not on…
kinda poignant being on the set of  morning_joe this morning while  williegeist mentioned my buddy  stevesternny vi…
i had a great time celebrating national small business week by making several stops in putnam yesterday including…
we are now accepting applications for our summer intern class for both el paso and washington  dc  to apply  please…
thank you  acacamps   emeraldcities   nestlewatersna   aianational for supporting the  prepare  act
disgraceful  this hateful ban is founded on nothing but bigotry  an insult to the brave transgender service members…
rt  repdebdingell  this tax day is also a bitter reminder that tax cuts don t pay for themselves  the gop tax law paves the way for future…
the w a t e r use act would codify the  epawatersense certification program  conserving h2o  learn more here --&gt 
 if you can t fly then run  if you can t run then walk  if you can t walk then crawl  but whatever you do you have…
coming soon  my annual youth opportunities fair  featuring internships  jobs & summer volunteer options for youth o…
great to join volunteers from across louisville at this morning s build-a-bed event  helping students in need get a…
i am sickened that  realdonaldtrump wants to end protections for domestic violence victims  this administration s a…
doing some warm-up stretches with my staff in the capitol rotunda  we re one of 57 congressional teams participatin…
rt  repjuanvargas  high school students in san diego and imperial counties  join the 2018 congressional art competition  visit my website f…
i m happy to meet with mayor kathy stark for the town of oakland  and community leaders to discuss zipcodes and upc…
as former  usarmy sergeant  i m honored to welcome  secarmy to harlem as he swears in 20 young soldiers from my co…
hay políticos en pr q buscan un mecanismo de reestructuración amplio por parte del congreso pero se oponen a una junta de supervisión 
rt  aliciasjlee  congressman jim mcdermott talks about malaria  nothingbutnets autalksmalaria
renewal for daca is still available  if your status expired on or after september 5  2016  applications for renewal…
rt  repmiketurner    lorettasanchez & i discussed readiness at  wrightpattafb   read  
rt  chrislu44  wh cos john kelly says that immigrants from rural areas without english skills don t integrate into the u s  my dad came fr…
foreign interference in u s  elections undermines public faith in our most fundamental democratic process  but the…
four years later  the flint water crisis is not over  in the richest country in the world  that is completely unacc…
rt  repjohnlewis  50 years ago today  i learned the painful news that my friend  my mentor  dr  martin luther king  jr  had been assassinat…
rt  whiphoyer  the bill passed by  housegop last night is further proof of their inability to govern  it s time for them to work with democ…
at a time when we should be investing in a broad  diverse health care workforce  the trump budget would eliminate 1…
big week for our orcas  our salmon  and our work to save our sound   govinslee signed an executive order laying out…
rt  triadas    foodbank_prez &  glorianyc present the  foodbank4nyc freedom from want award to rep  cbrangel  nohungernyc
rt  arsaworks  bipartisan house bill from  repsamgraves   replipinski   repmullin &  replawrence takes aim at  avmro  skills gap 
today is tax day and a reminder that a tax code where the top 5% of california s earners get the majority of the be…
i m pleased to announce that north carolina will receive an additional  168 million in disaster recovery funds to a…
rt  house_drtf  in the shadows   senategop and  housegop are trying to sneak some awful provisions into this year s spending bill – provisi…
we re working with the arizona coalition for military families to support be connected  a pilot program created by…
happy to help welcome former rep  jim leach back to washington this morning  he is in dc along with the university…
it was great meeting our  cac17  winner cooper monzon & his family  his artwork is titled  nola domino   congratulat…
tax cuts don t pay for themselves  so how do republicans want to pay for the g o p tax scam  by cutting crucial bene…
north korea has shown in good faith that they are willing to negotiate peace through their return of hostages  we c…
rt  housedemocrats  open enrollment starts in just one week  get covered and choose a plan that works best for you and your family →
these teens are galvanizing the nation  all they need is for adults to step up to the challenge  protect the lives…
saturday  we re bringing bootsto books to  uofa  come learn about education opportunities  connect with companies f…
campaign trump in 2016  i ll take care of our veterans like they ve never been taken care of before  president tr…
sober living homes can be an essential part of recovery  but many lack training & resources  tyler s home didn t ev…
the president s decision to pull the u s  out of the iran deal is reckless  unwarranted  and it moves the world one…
please take a moment to read my full opening statement from the house armed services committee markup of the 2018 n…
why is this happening  the insurers themselves attribute it to republican actions  the g o p tax scam removed the ind…
preventing gun violence requires bold action  trump has talked tough  but he refuses to back it up  i wish i could say i m surprised 
rt  apaics   repmikehonda addresses active members of the  uscoastguard at the national leadership symposium 
  celebrateone is transforming public health in central ohio  find out how now 
frank is a fighter for those he loves  i ve seen it every day we ve served together in how he fights for his neighb…
rt  klandriganul    repanniekuster calls for removal of trump s acting va info chief who s been sued for sexually discriminated of trump ca…
kathy castor leads democrats in demanding scott pruitt s resignation
excited to announce  tbbuccaneers de william gholston will be joining our community youth program expo on saturday…
the decision to walk away from the iran deal will not only impact our relationship with iran & spur a ripple of con…
rt  drdenagrayson  thank you  i ve passed along your messages of support to my hubby   alangrayson  our country sure could use his leadersh…
9 million veterans receive earned social security benefits – let s protect benefits for those who protected us  social security80
rt  reprobinkelly  ranking member  frankpallone &  repgenegreen are right  it s time for congress to look at the rising number of american…
building a prepared workforce starts with a solid foundation  and that s what these  polytechpanther students are g…
rt  repdonbeyer  my colleague  chelliepingree forcefully confronts scott pruitt over his downplaying the threat and denying the science of…
honored to receive a 100% voting record with  networklobby  my jesuit education taught me the importance of support…
wait  you re telling me trump made something up  as shocking as learning water is wet 
like orlando & las vegas  we mourn those we lost too soon & pledge support to the injured  but we cannot accept these crimes as normal 
here is video of trump saying three times he didn t know that has lawyer michael cohen had paid  130 000 in hush mo…
yesterday  senator jeff flake gave one of the most important speeches in congress in over a decade  and highlighted…
a robust public transportation system is a critical component of strengthening economic competitiveness in nashua a…
today the house will vote on two bills  including one republican bill that seeks greater transparency in the crimin…
if the route between new jersey and manhattan shuts down  the u s  economy loses  100 million per day – or  36 5 bi…
stephanie s piece  precedent will be a strong representation of our district and i look forward to seeing it each t…
proud to stand with the  prosecutorsagv today to discuss the urgent need for gun reform  we need to protect our chi…
for african american women  equal pay day will not come until august of this year and for latinas it will be in nove…
a tea party greeting from a christmas past  tbt  -- angered by my efforts to make healthcare affordable  which the g…
i remain committed to fighting for clean energy  innovative green collar jobs  and progressive policies that will p…
last year  housegop broke their own record for closed rules  issuing 58 in just 12 months  it s outrageous that des…
i would like to thank  nygovcuomo for coming to the vi to show support and to survey the damage  v i strong
rt  repmceachin  it s tax day – which means my republican colleagues will be talking up the g o p tax scam until they are blue in the face  ju…
breaking news – my bipartisan bill to amend the aca and protect medicare from arbitrary cuts passed the house 
bob mueller is making progress and is getting to the bottom of what happened during the 2016 elections – any attem…
february may be black history month  but each day across our nation  black history is still being written  througho…
veterans signage presentation at valley baptist in harlingen
rt  nowthisnews  rep  joe kennedy  dreamers  are as american as anybody else  this land is in fact theirs as well  
 i find it touching that my colleagues in the majority can give away billions to corporate investors who don t need…
rt  housejuddems  🆕  breaking  🆕  repzoelofgren &  repjohnconyers  detention of 10-year-old disabled child unjust and inhumane
april is national minority health month  as we work to improve healthcare nationwide  we must do more to promote eq…
last year  i was honored to attend 50th anniv  of selma wearing a lei just like these  may the march continue 
takes money away from sandy victims after signing tax & spending bills that will add  2 7 trillion to the national…
we mourn with the families  classmates  and teachers of the two students who were killed and send prayers for heali…
as  realdonaldtrump tours his wall prototypes today  it s important to remember that walls dont work 
the national women s history month 2018 theme is nevertheless  she persisted  honoring women who fight all forms of…
    and only makes a vague call on states to adopt the kinds of extreme risk protection orders that have saved real…
7th best female rap collaboration  remy ma - ante up  remix  m o p  reps brownsville hard and delivers one of the…
nea is all about supporting artistic expression from diverse voices  as a young person seeking asylum in our countr…
rt  amenasaiyid   epa air chief bill wehrum sidesteps question posed by  reppaultonko about extending the comment period for the science tr…
thank you  lilly_ledbetter  we can t mark equal pay day w/o addressing sexual harassment  which can hinder a woman s…
thank you to the mayor of ponce  mayitaalcaldesa & former puerto rico secretary of state & lt  governor  prkdmc for…
enough i s enough tampa florida
hope to see many of you tonight at my town hall with  repdesaulnier in antioch 
 dems first precipitated a mega-crisis & then caved in a mega-surrender  this left many in the base fuming at d s w…
tune in as we conclude the 3rd annual veterans university   vu2018  click here 
people with disabilities still face barriers to air travel  so i m pleased that the  faa  reauthorization includes…
yesterday  epa administrator scott pruitt announced that he is rolling back clean car standards  this reckless move…
rt  espn  arike ogunbowale just won notre dame the 2018 national title 
it was encouraging to learn that mark zuckerberg has embraced the  spirit  of the european union s new law on data…
rep  cicilline statement on trump administration s new policy of separating families at the border
happening saturday  my friend and former colleague  repsteveisrael will be discussing his new book  big guns  with…
rt  repjerrynadler  if  realdonaldtrump were to move against dag rosenstein  it is clear the president s intent would be to interfere with…
tomorrow a very important vote in the senate takes place  we must protect our right to a free and open internet  sa…
happy m l k day   roc   dr king said it best  the time is always right to do what is right  today let s recommit ourse…
we lost four young lives  joe r  perez  deebony groves  taurean c  sanderlin  and akilah dasilva  way too soon  for…
this saturday at 2 pm tune into  gurveyslaw on  kabcradio where i ll be discussing the latest on china and trade  n…
american families deserve a better deal – one that invests in them  their families and neighborhoods  for too long …
rt  repwilson    repveasey  the chibok girls must be reunited with their families   bbog  4 years too long
rt  nancypelosi  house intel republicans  fundamentally flawed final report on russia is the result of a fundamentally flawed investigation…
congratulations to  brockton_fire firefighter   matt_parziale on his historic first round at the masters yesterday …
on friday  i met with heads of local hospitals and clinics to discuss the direct impact they are facing from republ…
i also got to meet with canton high students working to educate the public on substance abuse prevention - and juni…
ty  theochocolate  hilliardsbeer  pike_place 4 backing my n f c championship wager w  pryan  repgwenmoore  repronkind go  seahawks  we are12
i m proud to have supported the caa reform act  which passed the house today  for too long  members of congress hav…
congratulations to mckenna marsh  a senior at swartz creek high school  for winning this year s congressional art c…
rt  repjimmygomez  i led a letter w/ my  hispaniccaucus colleagues  urging ag jeff sessions to scrap his plan to impose quotas on federal i…
companies say they ll turn over most gains from corporate tax cuts to shareholders  not to middle class wages under…
some inspiration for earth day  young people competing with  illinois4h at john t  magee middle school to design  e…
so far  140 house democrats have signed onto a resolution introduced by ms  castor expressing  no confidence  in yo…
  repalgreen says  we must  bbog  and never let this happen again  4 years too long
today on holocaust remembrance day we remember the 6 million jewish people and countless others murdered during the…
learning of shooting at central michigan university  everyone take shelter and stay safe  monitoring this situation…
thank you golden years senior program for sharing your monday with me  this was a great way to kick off the week …
congratulations to las vegas  own  will hernandez  on being drafted by the new york  giants  nevada is proud of you…
some hard-working americans get a raise 
data released today shows california s uninsured rate has dropped by more than half since the aca  get covered for…
the best way to understand the house intelligence committee s majority report is to understand that trump=russia  s…
⚡️   reprichmond hosts health care twitter roundtable 
a majority  nearly 2/3  of all americans receiving  snap  food assistance are children  seniors or disabled persons …
however  the president must work with congress to devise a bipartisan plan that sets a clearly defined strategy and goals for syria   2/2 
the deadline to apply for federal disaster assistance is on march 16th  get the most up to date information and fin…
i stand with father conroy s decision to rescind his resignation and serve through the duration of his term  he has…
rt  nancypelosi  today  we announce an ambitious new addition to our plan to give america a better deal 
my thoughts are with my republican colleagues – i m relieved to hear there were no serious injuries among members …
no more help with substance use disorders  no more coverage for maternity care  no more preventative care to help control diabetes 
republicans in congress have tried to sabotage the  epa s authority for years by restricting its use of science  no…
  pparizona provides vital health care and family planning services to arizona women and families  we stand with p p…
just finished a press event in my  roc  office  thank you to the leaders from our community health centers and dr  b…
an independent prosecutor must be appointed to investigate collusion with russia during the 2016 presidential election 
clean water is a basic human right  and the flint water crisis should be a wake-up call  lead poisoning is a real d…
it s wonderful to be  quonsetri for today s keel laying ceremony for ssn 795  the navy s newest submarine  i m prou…
small businesses have a huge impact on our economy  did you know  small businesses employ over 57 million workers i…
renewal for daca is still available  if your status expired on or after september 5  2016  applications for renewal…
rt  repswalwell  flashback friday to 1971  when 18 y/os got the right to vote  young people have shaped the nation since  let s keep that g…
classic—lung-damaging smog pollution prevention takes a backseat when a political victory for scott walker is at st…
the trump admin is trying to weaken u s  public education  no two ways about it  that s why we must continue to spe…
here s one of my newest ads about getting things done for western minnesotans 
zuckerberg mentioned ai dozens of times in testimony this week  ➡️ statement from  aicaucus co-chairs  repjohndelaney  reppeteolson 
yet house republicans propose cutting  15 billion from federal student aid  that s wrong  i m working to make colle…
when i return to washington on monday  i will continue to demand that speaker ryan bring up legislation immediately…
rt  reploisfrankel  equal pay day recognizes that women must work 3 extra months just to earn the same pay as men  closing the gender wage ga…
rt  janschakowsky  today  all 11 dems in the house sent governor rauner a letter asking him  yet again  to get engaged and work with us on…
the response to the natural disasters in puerto rico and the  usvi  has been woefully inadequate  i m calling on…
today marks one year since the  housegop rammed through their shameful trumpcare legislation that would have pushe…
today i had a great  cheri on shift   learning how to bottle beer at lena brewing company  lena brewery is a true m…
members of the house armed services committee debated the  ndaa  for 13 hours yesterday  this year s bill does many…
rt  gmfus  congresswoman  replawrence   equality is essential if we want to rebuild trust in our economy brussels forum
rt  repjohnlewis  i oppose this conference report with every bone in my body  this tax bill is a  2 3 trillion holiday gift for wall street…
reprorights are a priority for most americans  and yet they re under siege by the trump admin  and congressional g…
rt  repdebdingell  the flint water crisis is not an anomaly—it can happen anywhere in any community across this country  as flint continues…
fish and wildlife are vital to the pnw s environment  economy & culture  this afternoon  i ll be working with…
pres trump said the economy was terrible under pres obama but now says slightly worse jobs numbers in his first yea…
rt  talkpoverty  snap is vital for rural farmers  who are increasingly struggling to put food on their own tables  hands off s n a p
despite being one of the largest drivers of the economy  the tech industry is leaving diverse talent on the field t…
today  french president emmanuel macron told congress that we must work together to address climate change  he said…
joining  davidgura on  msnbc 
for 21 years   newurbanarts has fostered creativity through arts mentoring programs and become an invaluable member…
🇺🇸 end zombie campaigns 👉 encourage members of congress to cosponsor honest elections and campaign  no gain act -…
rt  sethmoulton    speakerryan fires the house chaplain for praying about protecting the poor  but can t fire rep nunes for not protecting…
remember former hhs secretary tom price   he wasted nearly  1 million of taxpayer cash on luxury travel …
the decision to allow a lawsuit to continue alleging that  realdonaldtrump violated the emoluments clause is welcom…
saddened by the passing of barbara bush  an authentic first lady and great american 🇺🇸 may she rest in peace 🙏🏽
thanksgiving is a time to be with our families  share memories & give thanks for the blessings we received this year
rt  officialcbc    reprichmond to a g sessions  how do we reconcile the federal government s disparate treatment of opioid and crack addic…
this is a big deal   nctaitv has never before weighed in like this on a merger  i m worried about the sinclair-trib…
  emmanuelmacron  thank you for joining us today and expressing your strong support for women s rights  the fight a…
  voxdotcom   republicans said their tax bill would go to workers  instead  it s going to wall street   working fam…
rt  lgbttech  some schools are unintentionally blocking access to helpful lgbtq sites because of filter  repmikehonda dont block l g b t q act…
 rotc  prepares our military leaders of tomorrow  read my full statement on  rotc100  here 
trumpcare was nothing short of a moral monstrosity which would have imposed an age tax that would have allowed ins…
today  i testified on behalf of fy19 funding for  vawa  &  voca   these laws have fueled undeniable progress towards…
remember that these cuts to  snap  represent just a tiny fraction of federal spending  while the g o p tax scam  a han…
 creative industries are 6 8% of the economy  we matter  and piracy is a problem for us   - ruth vitale of  creativefuture
black women in the u s  are more likely to die from pregnancy or childbirth than women of any other race  we need s…
 tbt  to 25 years ago when renowned humboldt county duck decoy carver bill pinches carved these garlic cloves for me…
  realdonaldtrump won the state of wisconsin because of the issue of trade and re-entering the…
rt  garymartindc    repjackyrosen tells  secretaryperry that developing yucca mountain as the nation s nuclear waste repository could prev…
it s clear the  gop  doesn t want to talk about gunviolence  but americans are demanding that congress address this…
given recent reports  i have major concerns over russian efforts to interfere in our election process and support a bipartisan investigation
amen 
rt  oversightdems  just in  democrats ask gowdy to subpoena irs inspector general for documents on flawed so-called  targeting  report
had the pleasure of meeting with staff & residents of st  michael s veterans center & yarco to discuss transportati…
today our community made it loud and clear that weapons of war have no place on our streets  i m proud to stand wit…
rt  centeronbudget  most who benefit from snap do work  however  they are often in jobs with high turnover  unstable working hours  and no…
in reflection of their outstanding work  the  snrschldrnfndtn has been awarded a  1 9 million grant for their…
how much longer will the trump administration allow scott pruitt to endanger the lives of the american people with…
 dianehessan is right  hardworking families across the heartland are sick and tired of turning on the tv and seeing…
according to new  cdcgov report  ohio has the 2nd highest rate of drug overdose deaths in the country  congress sho…
republicans falsely sold the g o p tax scam as a bill for the middle class  in reality  people at the very top will ul…
i m proud to have the continued support of  emilyslist
    this funding increases the chance that necessary renovations at the va hospitals in brockton and west roxbury g…
small business week is a chance for us to remember the incredible local businesses that boost our economy and crea…
instead of wasting tax dollars on a wall  president trump should be coming to california to thank our immigrant com…
rt  drfriedencdc  i spoke recently with  npr about zika and the urgent need for emergency funds to fight the virus  listen at 
rt  bigkarl8   alangrayson  theresamax in the words of our stupid leader   this job is hard  
disheartened by ruling temporarily blocking anti-discrimination protections for trans students  all students should be treated with dignity
thank you  patty ruybal and  nmparkinson  for organizing this walk to bring awareness of something that has affecte…
tomorrow is the last day to vote for your favorite piece in rep  tulsi gabbard s kaha kiʻi…
americans want action to end gun violence   dyk  that 97% of gun owners want to see congress require background chec…

the rohingya cultural center in my district is the only of its kind in the country  serving more than 400 rohingya…
rt  awayhomeamerica  icymi  truecolorsfund 5 true facts on what the fy18 federal budget means for youth experiencing homelessness  huge th…
hope you ll take a look at this  nationaljournal piece   nolan bill goes extra mile for charity   referring to the…
i had the opportunity to welcome students from  delaware4h to my office today to talk about the first state s proud…
rt  demsespanol  el senador  marcorubio lo ha dicho  la fraudulenta ley fiscal republicana sólo esta ayudando a las grandes corporaciones …
sending heartfelt congratulations to my friend and former colleague  toniatkins as she makes history as ca senate p…
 civilrightsorg in selma   repjohnlewis & brave activists risked their lives to ensure the right to vote for all americans v r a chat
for a party that prides itself in lowering budget deficits and taxes  the  gop leadership s fixation on the border wall is nonsensical 
dod s annual report providing a plan for the nuclear weapons stockpile  delivery systems and command & control is a…
transgender folks deserve equal housing  fair employment  and accessible health care  it s time to pass the…
fires continue to sweep through ventura county & many have had their homes destroyed  here s how you can help …
rt  executive_tea  why trump would benefit from a war on the media
i m deeply concerned about president trump s unilateral decision to back out of the iran deal 
rt  gennalab  thanks  reptimryan for the press release announcing the awarding of our nsf grant  m o fchemistry
rt  waysmeanscmte  there is no  maybe   a vote for the republican tax law is undoubtedly one of the very worst votes any elected officials…
celebrating public schools week is a reminder of the value that public schools bring to our country  committing ours…
we enjoyed our discussion with lea hong from  tpl_org hawaii and her team  lea is a fellow  uhlawschool grad and lo…
we cannot let radical political influences shut science out of the public arena  my colleagues & i demand that spea…
rt  reptedlieu  today w/  gerryconnolly  repdonbeyer  repjayapal  reprubengallego  peterwelch we re asking  fbi director wray to look into…
news  u s   repmcgovern and  repeliotengel call on guatemala president  jimmymoralesgt to grant migratory relief t…
rt  repyvetteclarke  the trumpbudget guts housing benefits for families struggling to pay rent  for this reason  repgregorymeeks   repjose…
 stinebaker  johnsonfortexas  chronfalkenberg  one-eighth of the whole population were colored slaves  not distribu…
i m glad  barackobama listened to our concerns and acted to bring openness to equal pay among federal contractors 
rt  hardball  here s our full segment with  joaquincastrotx 
this action may be a death sentence for them and is an example of how brain dead policy is dangerous and destructive
rt  tulsipress  we must never forget the high cost of war & debt owed to our veterans  intro d resolution w/  repmarktakai to commemorate …
i congratulate the hanover and the tri-creek school corporations for successfully seeking out this federal grant pr…
in almost five months on the job  mulvaney admitted today he hasn t initiated a single enforcement action or fine a…
 townhallproject details here 
✓aumentar los créditos fiscales para viviendas de bajo ingreso para aquellos que perdieron sus hogares ✓permitir q…
congrats to my colleagues  senjackreed &  sencapito on passing the childhood cancer s t a r act  i m committed to work…
la ley agrícola de los republicanos dificultará que las personas alimenten a sus familias y no hará nada para ayuda…
rt  interior  free entrance to all national parks on april 21 to celebrate the start of national park week  retweet to spread the word  fi…
thank you to the more than 100 constituents that came to my town hall meeting in south la last night with la city c…
this mothers day  i can t imagine the horror of being a child forcibly separated from my mother at the us border  i…
town hall
connecticut is built on its strong manufacturing tradition and thrives as a national leader in manufacturing  parti…
it was great meeting with high school students from  asd_1817 in west hartford  thank you for stopping by today 
rt  repteddeutch  the students of stoneman douglas have been clear – america must neveragain allow the profits of gun manufacturers to com…
while republicans voted for the trumpcare monstrosity that would have sent health costs soaring  democrats are sta…
never be afraid to express yourself 
proud to lead a bipartisan effort emphasizing all of the atl region s qualifying factors for amazon s new hq …
when wh press office uses  alternativefacts   it hurts more than trump s credibility  it hurts america s
rt  repalgreen  in 2018  i resolve to defend democracy from bigotry emanating from the presidency  2018 resolution
rt  ascap  thanks  repdougcollins  repjeffries  repjoecrowley  repdianeblack  marshablackburn  repcohen  reptedlieu  petesessions  repchuck…
rt  mariamsvk   repmikehonda thank you for standing up for muslim americans and by doing so  all americans 
happy birthday  rep   jimlangevin 
rt  foxbusiness    repgaramendi   iran was on the cusp of actually building a nuclear weapon  they could have built one within one year  ma…
as a long-time supporter of net neutrality  i am incredibly disappointed with chairman pai s decision to roll back…
proud to join 54 other house democrats in calling on interior secretary zinke to halt trophy hunting imports  we wi…
small businesses and entrepreneurs want to see their taxes simplified  however  just 7% of small businesses who tho…
you can also visit  nowatnpl s civil rights room and  woolworthon5th to experience nashville s rich history during…
a pleasure to help welcome french president macron to the house chamber today  appreciated his thoughtful address…
can t believe this little guy graduated today  cullen  i m so proud of the man you ve become and can t wait to see…
 bettymccollum04 thank you   bettymccollum04 
now that the dust has settled with the g o p tax plan  we re finding out just how bad it is  turns out  the bill will…
 frankly  the united states is under attack   - director of national intelligence dan coats  time for american to r…
we asked  fl10  students what would make them feel safe at school  they all said that there should be a level of con…
 there is but one coward on earth  and that is the coward that dare not know   – w e b  du bois 2/5
  potus keeps highlighting that kushner wasn t getting paid for his work in the white house  like it was a sacrifi…
thrilled to join house democrats in a panel discussion to hear how we can continue to expand apprenticeship program…
rt  senwhitehouse  a good read from  ri_infrabank s ceo and executive director to kick off this year s infrastructure week  investing in i…
despite  edworkforcedems  request for hearings examining school shootings  no such hearing has been scheduled  that…
praying for his wife rose & all their loved ones  blessed to have known james & forever grateful for his service  rest in peace 
yesterday i met with a group from  toyotatexas from san antonio  texas  we discussed nafta  steel and aluminum tari…
it s official – the bill to save net neutrality has been introduced in the house – hjres 129  link to the text and a…
the va greater los angeles healthcare system has announced a proposal to enter into a 75 yr lease w/ a principal de…
a great piece on the significance of the bill i introduced to the hmong people &  laoveterans  both in our…
actually  it s a shelby cobra mustang -- 662hp
rt  deathwdignity  live  our national strategist  markcglaze speaking against congress nullifying  dc  deathwith dignity act at rep   eleano…
help shape future development at the port of long beach at a special  let s talk port  community forum  6 to 8 30 p…
had a great evening with suffolk city councilman donald goldberg and the members of the suffolk sister cities inter…
great to attend the grand opening of the brand new vernon senior center last week and get the chance to tour the f…
rt  chopadvocacy  thank you to  repdwightevans for cosponsoring the children s hospital gme support reauthorization act of 2018  we greatl…
sitting in on the  facebook  social media privacy  and the use and abuse of data  at a joint session of the senate…
icymi  honored to be ranking member of the house oversight & gov t reform subcommittee on intergovernmental affairs…
 jmajkrzak  dorismatsui don t take my word for it  consumer reports said in a recent report that the average buyer…
it was great to be shadowed today by alexis from  spelmancollege as part of their day on the hill 
since that historic day  the act has added more than 20 million americans to the insurance rolls and granted peace…
delaney  gop tax struggles show hyper-partisan plan won t work  time for a bipartisan approach tax reform
jewish values like tzedakah and tikkun olam are something i try to live each and every day  as we reflect on these…
 ameliafrappolli *turns poster back over* *looks around empty house chamber*  smooth  john  smooth  i bet no one saw that  
rt  workforcega  know a veteran transitioning back to civilian life  interested in work-based learning or apprenticeships  check out great…
in wisconsin  because of the aca  ✅211 000 people gained health coverage ✅41 000 young adults  under 26  were ab…
rt  lustgartenfdn  the weather was no match for the incredible energy brought by our walk leader  volunteers  and walkers at our lustgarten…
i fully back  repadamsmith &  repjayapal s dignity for detained immigrants act of 2017  dignityand justice
rt  christinawilkie  we have reached out to at&t and novartis about avenatti s claim that they paid cohen  200k and  400k respectively  if…
scott pruitt is undermining the epa s mission to protect our health & environment  the latest example  plans to wea…
this earth day  we must commit to protecting our planet for future generations  it s time to accept the fact that…
the facts in yemen are clear  40 000 killed or injured more than 1 million cases of cholera 3 1 million displaced…
proposing a balanced budget amendment to the constitution just months after passing the trump tax scam  which cbo w…
interior secretary zinke has announced he s increasing the fees to access our national parks  he ll only need to s…
rt  nature_ohio  thank you  repmarciafudge for being a leader for healthy soils & clean water with the  collaborative water and soil enhanc…
rt  ttdaflcio  without civilian mariners  america would be forced to turn sealift responsibilities over to foreign flagged  foreign-crewed…
rt  housenewdems  congrats to  repcuellar   repsinema  and  repjoshg who were some of the top 10 most bipartisan members of congress based…
this country is great because we uphold our values  and congress has an opportunity to prove that by passing the bi…
2017 was a busy year  here s a look at the work we did on behalf of the people of  il11  in 2017 
i m ready & willing to do the work to open government – but republicans are doing nothing to put an end to the…
rt  amjoyshow  celebrities rally behind teen sentenced to life in prison via  nbcnews
happy founder s day to  westpoint_usma  for 216 years  you have produced outstanding servicemen and servicewomen fo…
social security matters to women  who earn less & live longer  it s the only income for nearly 3 in 10 senior women  social security80
this study is a major step towards getting our community members the answers they deserve  and i m pleased we were…
join us tomorrow night at 630pm in  cityofmiagarden for a gun violence and school safety town hall  never again…
as always  i m so proud of seattle for taking a compassionate  research-based approach to this epidemic with the le…
my statement on the  equifax hack 
reminder  today i am hosting a discussion on gun violence prevention starting at 10am at the heritage presbyterian…
i intro d hr 3870 last year  it has 86 bipartisan cosponsors  lets call for action for our atmoic veterans 
happy veterans day  thank you to all those who have served our country 
president trump must condemn putin  whose statement echos stereotypes that have led to discrimination and violence…
proud to stand with  davidcicilline as a co-sponsor of the automatic gunfire prevention act 
  realdonaldtrump just terminated legal protections for nearly 200 000 salvadoran immigrants who have *legally* cal…
a mind to work   see 12 powerful photos of martin luther king jr 
two significant rulings this week from the supreme court  upholding a key provision of the aca & ruling in favor of marriage equality 
rt  repgonzalez  live  tune in to a congressional forum on deported veterans with  repmarktakano   joaquincastrotx  &  repraulgrijalv
i made good on my  ncaa  bet with repdingell today  congrats to both  ramblersmbb and…
thank you for all you do and for stopping by 
honored to attend a celebration for the recently formed state of indiana national guard partnership with the republ…
glad to hear that  ct  will be receiving additional funds to combat potential election hacking by cybercriminals  i…
looking forward to seeing you at our town hall on friday -- 10am at the el paso community foundation room  eager to…
many are saying that  realdonaldtrump s decision to deploy national guard to mexico border is based on animus that f…
my full statement on  facebook advertisements release yesterday 
rt  dr_cmgreer   repbobbyrush line of questioning asking about  facebook parallels to cointelpro is very important  and now his time is exp…
in honor of national women s history month we recognize martha george ripley  founder of minneapolis  maternity hos…
the winner of this year s congressional art competition is leonardo bueno from carter high school in rialto  i m exc…
four years after flint and there are still communities across america that don t have clean drinking water  this i…
the charges filed today against russians for interfering in american elections allege an attempt to undermine the v…
friday deadline  this week is your last chance to sign up for affordable 2018 health coverage  go to…
there is no excuse for forcing public servants to lie to the american people so the administration can score politi…
congress simply can t allow president trump to follow through on his threats to remove special counsel robert muell…
deeply honored   botb18 
affordable homes are critical to climbing the economic ladder  we must invest in affordablehomes to increase econo…
on december 15th  when the conference report on the tax bill was released  speaker ryan announced   this is what th…
it s an exciting night for connecticut women s basketball  
rt  foxbusiness    repgaramendi   the problem is all of the other things that iran is doing  hezbollah  the support they re giving to syria…
rt  christian15g  the man  the myth  the legend   repkihuen thanks for taking the time brother  you re an inspiration to many including mys…
dr  dan alexander and his wife gail return to the seneca-babcock community center he visited as a boy to break grou…
congratulations  reptomemmer for winning this year s mn congressional delegation annual hotdish competition 
  flotus  hope that you are comfortable & best wishes for a speedy recovery 
another hearing with veterans advocates  another reminder that veterans overwhelmingly oppose the koch-funded agend…
 icymi   join me tomorrow at 7 p m  cst for my telephone town hall  i will take questions from constituents of distr…
great seeing  texastechpres dr  lawrence schovanec and  chancellorrld last night 
rt  106th  harlem s own charles rangel  cbrangel voting next to me   election2016 election day
rt  votevets  hi  realdonaldtrump  this retired admiral says we deserve the truth on your russia ties  airing this on  foxandfriends and  …
democrats believe quality higher education must be accessible and affordable to empower america s students to succe…
my message is clear  lovetrumpshate  i am proud to be joining forces with army veteran lynda bengtsson-davis at to…
a picture says a thousand words –
proud to announce that my bipartisan bill to protect older veterans from predatory practices passed the house this…
rt  repdankildee  four years later  flint families are still recovering from the water crisis and having to use filters & bottled water  in…
we need to get back to the work of serving veterans  i don t know a lot about admiral jackson  but i know he has a…
rt  repraulgrijalva  climatechange increases heat waves  severe storms  air pollution & the spread of disease  yet many of trump s cronies…
august is national immunization awareness month  vaccines save lives of kids & adults on the central coast and around the world   niam16 
honored to serve at bethel s heavenly hands on this dr  mlk jr  day of service alongside pastor walter august and t…
this sobering report is just further proof that congress must come together and pass commonsense reform to finally…
1 way to expand social security & preserve it for future generations is scrap the cap & have all pay their fair share
wonderful speaking with fellow greek-americans with  orderofahepa and  dopheadquarters on capitol hill this morning…
 injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere  we are caught in an inescapable network of mutuality  tied i…
  risca1967 is dedicated to supporting rhode island s vibrant arts community  and i was pleased that executive dire…
i told them about my bill  the law enforcement mental health and wellness act  which the president signed into law…
i expect to hear a detailed accounting of how the data of millions of americans – most of whom didn t know they wer…
 icymi  —  usdol to stop enforcing rule that makes advisors and brokers put consumers  interests first  key for reti…
6 months after maria puerto rico has shamefully still not received adequate help from the federal government  this wa…
my full statement here 
rt  housenewdems  new dems  repronkind and  repgregorymeeks introduced the bipartisan tap act  a bill that creates a cra-style process allo…
join us this saturday  4/28 for our annual world of women for world peace conference where we will discuss ways to…
condolences to the families and loved ones of the victims of the savannah wc-130 crash  and to the brave men and wo…
glad to be part of  habitat_org s national women build day  there s no better way to celebrate mothers day than by…
4  it includes language from h r  5126  a bipartisan bill i intro d with  repbrianmast to deter attacks against isr…
i ll be asking mark zuckerberg about cambridge analytica and the misuse of consumers  information in just a few mi…
this park renovation is one example of a neighborhood renewal in our city  thanks to everyone involved  including a…
  realdonaldtrump is  the one who canceled daca last september and he s the one who keeps getting in the way of sol…
  protectrdfnders - i couldn t have said it better myself   surprised john kelly would overlook abuse  the military…
it s 420day&just like on 4/19  4/21&every other day marijuana shouldn t be in same class as drugs like cocaine he…
rt  housesbcdems  when it comes to meaningful tax reform  we need a simpler and fairer tax code  it s shameful that 90% of smal biz owners…
pleasure speaking at the  westsidewea this morning  thanks for being a strong voice for portland area businesses 
first 16th seed men s basketball team to beat a 1  go retrievers 
our bipartisan bill would update and ensure the tools necessary for public health officials to eliminate tb in the…
since the great recession  small biz have created 2 out of every 3 new private sector jobs  yet the g o p tax scam wil…
senate democrats are forcing a vote to protect net neutrality  i am prepared to do the same in the house in standi…
it was an honor to recognize ms  theresa dimaggio as ca-16 s heroine of the month  she has dedicated her career in…
the stink of corruption wafting up from this white house is so strong  seagulls are flying in from the jersey shore…
rt  thehill  just in  gop tax bill could cost  2 2 trillion  study
 hr36  is opposed by civil liberties groups  women s organizations  medical providers  and a coalition of 15 nationa…
rt  repdankildee  republicans excluded flint aid in the bill to fund the government  unbelievable  fund flint do your job
the country cannot thrive without proper roads  bridges  airports  water systems  and all other aspects of infrastr…
never has there been a more important time to guarantee that each voice can freely speak up and speak out  we canno…
15 years ago  our country invaded iraq  a move i opposed in one of my proudest votes in congress  the loss of life…
trump continues to reject fundamental facts about the iran nuclear agreement  we did not ​ ​withdraw ​ ​ instead ​t…
the hollywood nursing home tragedy was preventable  we can never let it happen again 
ban weapons of war or do nothing  you tell me  vote below  enough is enough
thank you  thereval for inviting me to speak at  nationalaction network legislative and policy conference …
lots of laughs and inspiration with  sarahemcbride and so many of her fans last night  we will fiercely & urgently…
disappointing news  i will continue to do all i can to support buy america requirements for infrastructure projects 
i ll keep fighting for legislation to stop gun violence  i m cosponsoring bills to reinstate the assault weapons ba…
tbt last year s winners of the congressional art competition  to learn more about how to participate in 2018  visit…
trump budget includes a  3 billion loss in humanitarian assistance  23% cut to global health funding  and 20% cut t…
this is a dumb idea  that aside  if trump were to pull all border patrol agents from the ca-mexico border that woul…
 if you can t fly then run  if you can t run then walk  if you can t walk then crawl  but whatever you do you have…
happy thanksgiving tx-33  hope you are celebrating with your family and loved ones  what are you thankful for this holiday season 
rt  nitalowey  scott pruitt must go 
my statement on the shameful  so-called tax reform bill passed by house republicans today 
congrats to the 31 grads of  svccollege s parks law enforcement academy  one of just seven  natlparkservice certifi…
from funding the house wounded warriors program to the capitol police  today s legislative branch appropriations bi…
if the president will not change course  congress should act swiftly to block this dangerous expansion of offshore drilling  3/3
rt  travelleadershq  we care  advocating for agents on capitol hill  ceo ninan chacko   nexionllc president  jackiefriedman and  astaagents…
rt  tribelaw  madison s vision for our constitution was that  ambition must be made to counteract ambition   that s why every self-respecti…
 jacksonleetx18 at the joint session of the u s  congress welcoming  emmanuelmacron before delivering his dynamic s…
the fact that &gt 5 300 us communities  including milwaukee have water systems in violation of  acceptable  levels of…
rt  csgv  members of the connecticut delegation &  housegvp welcome  montefrankct  rideonteam26 to capitol hill for a petition delivery cal…
 aynrandpaulryan  pattymurray  senatorcantwell  davidhogg111  nra i stand with them in saying  never again   we mus…
apparently   maga  includes  potus increasing the number of americans without health insurance  protect our care
budget dysfunction hurts folks in our neck of the woods more than almost anywhere else  today i was named to the bi…
  cchmuseum turned 50 this week  thank you for preserving our history and helping tell nevada s story for generations to come 
impeachment is supposed to be rare  in history  house has impeached 1 cabinet member  in 1876   & never impeached a sub-cabinet officer  1/
it s been six months since  realdonaldtrump cruelly rescinded the  daca  program and filled the lives of d r e a mers w…
it s national retirement planning week  take action to better your future  start planning today 
thank you to all of the teachers across the country who work every day to shape our children s futures  your dedica…
senate democrats move one step closer to forcing vote to save the internet  proud to support similar net neutrality…
 woefully inadequate   bay area leaders decry trump s  puny  infrastructure plan via  mercnews
rt  edmond_frost  congrats to  md  4th district congressman-elect  brownformd   m dpolitics election2016
tune in  i m joining  squawkcnbc s tax day coverage live from the capitol around 7 50 a m  to discuss the g o p tax scam 
rt  senschumer  be best
it s a sad day in america when our young people need to lead because the grown-ups have failed them …
president trump essentially called the 65% of americans who disagree with him traitors  i m proud of the company i…
administrator pruitt s aides even considered leasing a private jet for him at a cost to taxpayers of some  100 000/…
rt  reprubengallego  the dreamers i ve met are hardworking  patriotic young people who want to give back to their communities  deporting t…
rt  nancypelosi  tune in as i speak live from the floor  sharing the stories of d r e a mers & demanding  speakerryan bring bipartisan legisla…
on tuesday  april 3rd at 1 30 p m   i will be hosting a community town hall meeting for constituents on social secu…
today  on world press freedom day  we recognize the power and importance of a free press  a functioning & healthy dem…
rt  hascdemocrats   we have to have a credible deterrence  but i think the nuclear posture review goes way beyond credible nuclear deterren…
last night  president trump said he wants to work together  but his actions demonstrate otherwise  we will show him…
if you re traveling out of the country and need a passport  the boston passport agency is hosting a passport fair t…
rt  ourocean  thanks to  maziehirono &  repmarktakai for introducing legislation on coral reef research 
 farming is not the mule and the plow  it is not the master s whip  it is opportunity   c b c ag 1890sin action…
rt  usprogressives  this mothers day  we must fight to end inhumane family separation now  no child should face the unspeakable horror of b…
rt  aacnpolicy   reploiscapps   nurses are the backbone of the healthcare system  and we need to keep that backbone strong   markup of hr 2…
on earth day  we celebrate the beauty of our district and our nation and recommit to protecting our natural resourc…
i want to thank  repdesaulnier for cosponsoring the house bill to save net neutrality 
there s no federal law to stop employers like the  nfl from asking about sexual orientation or firing employees for…
even a broken clock is right twice a day  talk is cheap  we need action to stop gun violence in america never again
please take a moment to read my statement following the military strikes in syria last night  calling for a strate…
just a few of the times my democratic colleagues and i have called for chc funding -
while at  huddlecowork  i heard directly from local startups about how the entrepreneur lab s incubation program ha…
there is so much that happens in congress each week  sign up below to receive my personal weekly email updates and…
looking forward to getting the chance to speak with everyone  a better deal pelosi at g u
rt  cspanwj    congressmanruiz  d-ca  discusses the future of the  aca 
rt  phsathleticfdn  beautiful baccalaureate ceremony  palmaceiapres  bittersweet for parents of  plantclassof18  mia grace jackson an inspi…
rod rosenstein has the backbone to defend our democracy   i can tell you that there have been people who have been…
thank you to the  fdny  nypd first responders and emergency personnel who assisted residents  families and children…
the president is threatening to veto the farm bill  unless it includes strict work requirements which would cut acc…
are you a student from my congressional district  do you have a question you d like to ask me  submit it here for m…
rt  hascdemocrats    hascdemocrats and  hfacdemocrats speak with one voice on south china sea decision
celebrating our amazing educators this teacher appreciation week  teachers are the backbone of our country - that s…
rt  caucusonclimate  scc members  repdonbeyer and  reptedlieu lead the charge to hold scott pruitt accountable for his wildly wasteful spen…
earlier this week  team dutch s ashley presented a citation to csi support & development at the dedication of the n…
want an update on what congress can do to reform our campaign finance system so people--not special interests have…
rt  johnreichardwes   rwitherspoon participated in great town hall meeting called by  repdarrensoto in osceola county fl about finding ways…
today the  uscpsc can order the recall thousands of defective products—from bicycles to high chairs—but if a firear…
rt  rachelpleven  i have a new story out today on coal-fired power plants  sulfur dioxide  so2  emissions and new source review with  bhoja…
sorry i can t make it to the louisville women s rally today  stuck in dc  but there with you in spirit  if you re i…
i stand with  delta
 repespaillat hosted the family of fallen  nypd  police officer miosotis familia in washington  d c  in honor of…
disappointed  conawaytx11 has chosen to mark up a partisan farm bill that includes severe cuts to nutrition assista…
today at our oversight hearing  i exposed the trump administration s decision to add a citizenship question to the…
rt  housedemocrats  our kids deserve better 
rt  grammyadvocacy  we had a great meeting with  replindasanchez  we thank her for hearing our stories and for her support  g r a m m ys on the hi…
whether its talent in the arts or a willingness to serve  these students make me optimistic about our country s fut…
 househomeland is holding a hearing on global terror threats  ill be asking  fbi &  dhsgov for answers on the…
if you are having trouble with a federal agency  please call my district office at  805  379-1779  since 2013  my o…
rt  fpaction  thank you  repdwightevans  you are a true goodfoodchampion 
scott pruitt s time at epa has been mired with secrecy  waste of taxpayer money  and widespread conflicts of intere…
californians do not want to put our fisheries  our beaches  or our coastal economies at risk just to enrich the fos…
wonderful to talk with constituents from  nv_advocates  these interns and volunteers are working hard to educate th…
hey there - i ve been working on bipartisan solutions all  year  👉https //t co/kgdjksmzj4
can t believe it s been 20 years  congrats  jovitamoore 
as of dec 15  i ll no longer tweet from this account  please stay in touch by following me  donnafedwards thank you for the privilege  ❣️🇺🇸
in honor of earth day  let s make sure the resources that go into producing food don t go to waste  check out these…
rt  emilyslist  california  your primary is today  vote for these emily s list-endorsed candidates 
enough moments of silence  we need moments of action   speakerryan  give us a vote no fly no buy close the loophole gun vote disarm hate
 haygoodjason  congboyle  housedemocrats  housegvp that s a definition of a semi-automatic weapon  it needs a milit…
on this international workers  day  join me in recognizing the enormous contribution that workers and the labor mov…
billions of taxpayer dollars are spent every year gathering intelligence to protect the nation  yet neither the pub…
rt  repcummings  it s time to send a clear message on the 2020 census that everyone counts  an undercount will hurt people in red states to…
last year   realdonaldtrump struck syria  w/o congressional approval   what s changed  zero  they re still using c…
the u s  needs a clear & consistent policy when it comes to dealing with syrian president assad  who is a war crimi…
it s been 8 years since the affordable care act became law  the result – historically low uninsured rate …
as a longtime advocate  i echo  potus obama s commitment for  90 mil to clear uxos in laos  it s a  moral obligation  
this is not a democrat or republican issue -- it s just a good for america issue   mycentraljersey
rt  tusk81   my mother had the choice to send me across the oceans for a better future  but many mothers have no good choices  leaving thei…
rt  angelurena  pres   billclinton   governormapp  & rep   staceyplaskett are touring the schneider regional medical center on st  thomas …
rt  susanwbrooks  the adapt act requires prescribers to complete continuing medical education  cme  courses on the potential dangers & risk…
rt  kylegriffin1  reps  denny heck  leonard lance  and karen bass have introduced a bill requiring the executive branch to enforce the exis…
house republicans say the g o p farm bill doesn t kick a single person off  snap   that s not true  400 000 households will lose benefits 
jerusalem is the capital of the state of israel  and since 1995 congress has repeatedly reaffirmed that fact  my fu…
graham cassidy will strip health care from millions of hardworking americans  we must defeat this bill 
rt  legalaidnyc  we re at city hall with  nydiavelazquez   repjeffries   repespaillat and others denouncing  hudgov secretary ben carson s…
open enrollment for the aca health insurance marketplace ends december 15  next friday is the last day to…
thanks for the quick response  it s clear  facebook has the power to measure its reach  it s my hope that the compa…
trump only comments on local matters when it conveniences him  when he can disparage immigrant and minority communi…
the national day of prayer is an annual observance held on the first thursday of may  inviting people of all faiths…
rt  chelseaclinton  it is impossible for me to imagine the caller asking the question he posed to  repjayapal to a white congressperson  ht…
rt  remsaofficial  thank you  repdavidscott for visiting our member  tensarcorp in morrow  we had a phenomenal discussion on the importance…
so proud of  cityofindepmo for working hard to become the  greenest city in america   yesterday  team cleaver was a…
rt  repdankildee  the flint water crisis is not an anomaly—what happened to flint is a warning to all americans  many communities are one m…
honored to speak at an event hosted by the aetna foundation and  fadaa12 to discuss the opioid crisis in florida  p…
rt  thebeatdc  congressman juan vargas   repjuanvargas  leads the chc asking dhs about the detention and treatment of pregnant immigrants b…
it s my honor to do so  and i will never give up the fight for our brave transgender troops and their right to con…
today i voted on a long-term bipartisan  faa  bill  i was proud to have helped craft several key provisions includin…
rt  repyvetteclarke  congratulations to  jordanpeele on making history & becoming the first african-american to win the academy award for …
today is 1 year since house gop voted to repeal aca & rip healthcare away from millions  while the attempt to repea…
rt  prochoicecaucus  as head of  ppfa   cecilerichards has been one of the strongest allies to the pro-choice caucus  tirelessly supporting…
met with inspiring group of advocates from san diego here on behalf of the national ms society  we need to do more…
govt funding bill & 21st century cures funds are important but aren t enough to stem the tide of opioid epidemic  t…
icymi  last minute filers  you have a little more time  tax day
rt  huffpostwomen   abuse in the workplace is not about sex  it s about power   said  reploisfrankel  who chairs the democratic women s wor…
rt  usatoday  20 cities are now doubling down to compete for a  5 billion capital investment and 50 000 new tech-oriented jobs 
 drain the swamp   donald trump said  and look what we have at the  epa —  epascottpruitt  who missuses taxpayer mo…
proud of the work that went into my new cyber security report to empower  dhsgov warriors to continue protecting us…
thank you  to members of the u s  council of muslim organizations for meeting with my staff to discuss our shared p…
 secshulkin responded to my letter on medical marijuana  veterans can use marijuana in states where it is legal w…
rt  sbcountyfire  as the winter storm warning continues  s b co f d reminds you to turn around dont drown  never cross a road that is covered by…
millie dunn veasey was one of the last surviving african-american women veterans of world war ii  she returned from…
the trump administration has tapped a long time anti-transgender advocate to negotiate the agreed conclusions docum…
rt  junemonroe3905  got an email today that congressman kihuen cosponsored hr1270-the living donor protection act💚    my work is paying off…
this tax day is also a bitter reminder that tax cuts don t pay for themselves  the gop tax law paves the way for fu…
  heraldtribune cites our letter w  tedyoho & joins call for speedier hurricane relief funds for citrus growers 🍊…
rt  abcworldnews  house judiciary democrats hold presser to deliver  united message  to pres  trump   do not meddle with the special counse…
rt  repmaxinewaters  the men & women of the  cfpb fight to protect consumers every day  we can t let trump ignore the law and congress by u…
trump s decision today to cut refugee admissions to an historic low of 45k is an affront to us legacy as a protect…
rt  mayorharrykim  eruption update on may 8  2018 at 1000 am  lava has covered 104 acres  35 structures destroyed  county is taking care of…
it was an honor to meet these remarkable young people at  fresno_state last week  their strength & determination is…
i m pleased community-based orgs across ny  including in my district  will receive this robust funding to provide c…
thank you to the  btu66 for endorsing my candidacy for reelection mapoli
in case you missed it 
rt  housedemocrats  fifty years after the loss of his mentor and friend  dr  martin luther king  jr    repjohnlewis reminds us that real pr…
there s no better woman to honor at the intersection of black history month & womens history month than my shero   s…
maternal mortality for black women in the united states is devastatingly high  momsdontneed lawmakers who ignore t…
so proud of students in the lower hudson valley & across the nation taking part in national walkout day  now is the…
house republicans exploded the deficit with a reckless tax cut for millionaires/billionaires and now want to compla…
joining  ricardolara4ca & the ca delegation calling on  potus to approve california s health4 all waiver 
 bpetercongress  kasiedc  msnbc yep 
this  tax plan  is a  tax scam   speaking today on the g o p tax scam that gives big tax breaks to the most wealthy wh…
this is good for san diego and our region s economy  as a senior member of the house armed services committee  i ta…
rt  replloyddoggett  since 2006  the average cost for a year of medication for someone with a chronic disease has more than doubled to over…
the t-mobile-sprint merger is part of a broader corporate concentration trend that has decreased competitiveness  c…
  epascottpruitt continues to dig himself into ethical holes by handing out large pay raises to his friends and pas…
applications are now open for my congressional youth cabinet for the next school year  my cabinet meets with me  ot…
mahalo to  ahla   afgenational   ifpte  & my hasc colleagues for supporting this important measure  team rep takai
the g o p tax scam rewards companies for sending jobs overseas  a better deal means creating good-paying jobs at home &…
polluting pruitt s thoughts on being  epa administrator  treat yourself to the high life on the taxpayer s dime whi…
dreamers & millions of their family members  friends  & coworkers are depending on congress and  whitehouse to tak…
trump wants to keep families apart by expanding the definition of  public charge  to include programs related to he…
last night  i had the opportunity to witness history & celebrate the first-ever graduating class of  echs_at_dsu  a…
rt  repalgreen  you don t want to miss my impeachment update from the floor of the house of representatives this morning between 9am cst/10…
thanks to our  nasa and  esa astronauts for advancing science – infinite possibilities for the future …
you know we re in a bizarre time when the gop breaths sigh of relief that its voters defeated a racist candidate w…
for more information about the eligibility requirements and how to apply  visit and search…
if the ethics committee was about to levy a fine against him  it no longer can because farenthold is no longer a member  coincidence 
austin bomber is a domestic terrorist  who apparently targeted people of color  why can t the white house acknowledge that simple reality 
the house just voted on a stop-gap funding bill that would continue an unsustainable path of funding our government…
rt  nwindianalife    repvisclosky announced a  2 6m grant to improve access at the east chicago  southshoreline station
rt  alzgla  thank you  sencapito   stabenow   peterroskam   replindasanchez   senatorwicker   senatormenendez are helping change the approa…
rt  unfpa_dc  why  repeliotengel supports full funding for  unfpa 
rt  mayorharrykim  6 pm eruption update – new photos  maps chart volcanic fissures
as the holy month of ramadan begins  wishing observers a happy  reflective & peaceful time with family & loved one…
you know who talks like this  you know who else thinks the law doesn t apply to them  you know who else takes the 5…
trump did not consult a single veteran service organization before secretary shulkin s sudden replacement  this is…
republican party leadership waited 4 months to reauthorize the children s health insurance program   chip 
supporting the iran deal meant supporting our allies & a safer world with oversight of iran s nuclear program  scra…
always enjoy stopping by the canteen when i am in ottumwa over the lunch hour 
my staff and i are so happy to work with crosslakers on this dog park  as anyone who knows me will tell you  i can …
justice was not served today  and my condolences go out to the family of jose antonio  we must pass legislation tha…
i was proud to join my house tech accountability caucus colleagues  reprobinkelly  repbonnie and  repcleaver on urg…
📺 i sat down with ted simons at arizona horizon to discuss the latest news from washington and my work for  az01   w…
honored to have the opportunity last week to speak with members of the southlake hispanic chamber of commerce 
thank you  ny13  for supporting my efforts to ensure affordable housing housing throughout the district  create 5 00…
in the 21st century  access to a free and open internet isn t a privilege  it s a right  i m fighting for…
excited to keynote the 6th annual opening lecture for  utarlington s center for african american studies tonight   utarlingtoncaas
it s not easy to stand out in the trump cabinet for retrograde policies and ethical lapses  but credit to scott pru…
i believe our nation needs to openly address the fact that donald trump s bizarre and dishonest behavior in office…
    a  3 2 billion increase in funding for opioid addiction prevention and treatment  nearly 2 000 people in massac…
honored to meet with president tsai ing-wen to discuss our shared values and security interests and how we can work…
democratic lawmakers are united in our support for  daca  recipients protect d r e a mers
polluting pruitt continues to mislead congress and the american people  new reports show that the extent to which s…
a better deal will provide our nation s infrastructure with  -family-sustaining jobs and use for american products…
macron calls on us to meet the threats to democracy and freedom  the world counts on us  fight for our values and a…
enough
our nat l parks & monuments promote education  tourism  & conservation  we must protect our legacy for future gener…
happy nurses week to all the hardworking nurses who keep us healthy  happy  and thriving  we ve highlighted nurses…
i m calling on congress to pass a bill protecting the russia investigation from president trump  in order to avert…
we need more access to quality health care  not less  this change in priorities will not reduce the rate of abortio…
q3  there are significant obstacles to obtaining a voter id for low-income  disabled  or older americans  v r a chat
honored to congratulate new eagle scouts during court of honor ceremony held by boy scout troop 888 in flushing …
thank you to the friends of ireland caucus for joining me for this important meeting today with  maryloumcdonald…
i carry a keychain that says  here s to becoming what you were meant to be   i carry it b/c it means that we re all…
 there are serious national security risks when the f a a  approves an aircraft registration but does not have all…
tomorrow  i ll be welcoming students from my district & mi who will be in dc urging congress to take immediate acti…
rt  thebeatwithari   we are sick and tired of women being undermined  being dismissed and black women in particular   repmaxinewaters htt…
sba s office of native american affairs provides free technical assistance  and paths to secure capital  to native…
in the united states  women who work full-time earn only 80 cents for every dollar earned by a man  i am a proud su…
i will always especially remember meeting mrs  bush when her husband   georgehwbush  was vice president  our then q…
rt  jacob_frey  took the show on the road to lowry hill neighborhood tonight to talk about my affordable housing agenda -- and why we need…
a native of macon  georgia  by way of dawson  georgia   otis ray redding  jr  was a world-renowned musician whose t…
happy birthday   reploisfrankel  grateful for your leadership and work on  housedemwomen 
happy mothers day i m looking forward to running this morning in the  susangkomen raceforthe cure in chicago  i ca…
enjoyed spending time with  il05  students & seniors this afternoon  thanks to mannheim middle school & northlake…
rt  keithellison  ajit pai s appointee to chair a key fcc committee was arrested by the fbi for an alleged  250 million dollar wire fraud s…
there have been 18 school shootings since the start of the year  this is not normal  this is not natural  this is n…
i am firmly against the president s proposed cuts  & i will work to make sure these chr & health education programs stay funded 
walking away from the  jcpoa   undermines our ability to prevent iran from developing and restarting its nuclear wea…
zilch
if congress fails to act on  daca   hundreds of thousands of young dreamers will be at risk for deportation  we mus…
rt  umichbball  back for the second half  let s make some magic happen  go blue | national championship
rt  reprorights  thank you   repraskin  act for women
hosted passport fair at brookdale community college in long branch with  usps and community affairs and resource ce…
we need commonsense measures to prevent gun violence because kids deserve to be safe at school  i m inspired by s…
rt  lapdhq  the sepulveda basin is being closed due to rising water levels from l a rain  closures at burbank blvd/405 freeway  burbank blvd…
rt  mayitaalcaldesa  honored to be rep   whiphoyer s guest alongside  prkdmc at the democratic caucus meeting where we are having a dialogu…
i thank all participants for attending this budget event and  concordc for fostering such productive conversations 
my statement on black history month
honored to celebrate the opening of the new us embassy in wassenaar  it will demonstrate the lasting bond and impor…
this article is deeply troubling  paying membership dues at mar-a-lago benefits the president personally  and can a…
rt  fema  if you re instructed to evacuate for harvey  -bring supplies like food  water  meds -take your pets -check on neighbors who may…
happy mothers day 
today  i helped include  96 5 million and language in the fy19 ag appropriations bill for the  usda_aphis cattle he…
a mind to work  
we had a great turnout and good conversation at this morning s congress on your corner in libertyville - our 21st o…
rt  afjustice    repjoekennedy  we will not allow the bigoted beliefs of two men to unwind the progress of millions who came before them  o…
122 american dreamers lose their status every day during the trump shutdown  uprooting their lives and opening them…
since the time congress passed the communications decency act  perpetrators of human trafficking have become more…
rick perry does not have the experience or expertise necessary to lead the department of veterans affairs  he is si…
social security is the single most important source of income for many senior citizens  in  sv   80k  residents receive an avg of  1 322/mon
at  sxsw   we re doing a shark tank-style session with  dell to hear public-private policy ideas for preparing our w…
this certainly is an american disgrace 
stay dry and please drive safe hitraffic pay attention to the hiwx
happy easter  enjoy this special day and the start of the spring season with family  friends and loved ones 
rt  housedemocrats  house democrats are calling on republicans and president trump to protect our democracy from russian meddling  our elect…
to all the young folks demonstrating today in montpelier and across the country  together  you are powerful  keep f…
the trump administration continues its war on science by scrubbing any mention of human activity contributing to…
alfred david from  nothingbutnets had an important message when he dropped by my office yesterday  check it out …
perfect day for a trip through wisconsin  had a great time talking w/ farmers about how we can work together to gro…
to all who begin celebrating passover tonight  i wish you a happy  healthy and joyous holiday  chag sameach 
assad is a murderous dictator who kills his own people  we don t know if these strikes will work  but president tru…
six months after the hurricanes our fellow americans in puerto rico are still suffering  we must focus on ensuring…
need help  my staff will be at the orangevale library on wednesday from 10 00 am to noon to help you with backlogge…
spoke   september11th remembrance ceremony on  arsenal_island today  we must never forget those who passed  our mi…
learning how the government works  from the local level to the federal level  is the first step toward making it re…
rt  zabalaaldia   repespaillat encabezará cumbre de líderes dominicanos sobre demografía y desarrollo social en el alto manhattan este sába…
let s go 4-0 loyola chicago
my full statement on why i voted against the budget agreement 
earlier   repsenfronia and i met with the labor community to discuss ways to protect and improve workers rights in…
my bipartisan legislation  signed into law yesterday  will improve phone service in rural america by requiring phon…
my annual youth opportunities fair is this monday  i hope you will stop by the central library to learn about all t…
rt  browardpolitics    repjoekennedy pays tribute to stoneman shooting victims and survivors  delivered passionate and emotional call to ac…
peter s statement following trump s announcement that the united states is withdrawing from the iran nuclear deal 
it was great to speak with and hear about the good work that crec is doing for puerto ricans who have been displace…
on average  90 americans a day are killed with guns  that means more than 33 000 grieving  heartbroken families a y…
he continued   let us rise up tonight with a greater readiness  let us stand with a greater determination  and let…
wishing you and your family a very happy thanksgiving  many of us will spend the day surrounded by loved ones  but…
day 13 of womens history month -  speakerryan  it s not ok to just ignore the fact that 60 million americans don t h…
it s small business week and today i stopped by frank s famous hot dogs in san luis obispo to hear from small busine…
  sethmoulton &  senmarkey and i introduced a bill to ensure that the federal government continues to be a strong p…
rt  repmikequigley  for the first time in us history the uninsured rate has fallen below 9%  great to see  aca  helping americans in need ht…
important new information coming to light   sanctuary cities  don t  breed crime   they encourage people to report…
my o f f act would build on hawaii s progress and transition our country toward a 100% clean energy future  earth day
i m inviting titles of the satiric novel of the trump administration that you want to write  retweet w your submiss…
my office hosts  congress on your corner  coyc  events throughout memphis to help tn09 residents w/questions&concer…
rt  theoacc  thanks to  repmarciafudge for speaking to campus leaders at the ohio community college national summit luncheon today  we are…
today and every day  we are grateful for the service and sacrifice of our nation s veterans  and our thoughts and p…
i ve always said i m willing to work across the aisle to deliver results for my community  this bipartisan compromi…
we need commonsense gun legislation supported by a majority of the american people  no bill no break
  speakerryan &  potus callous dismissal of bipartisan healthcare is another example of the gop putting politics over people
i am praying for everyone hurt and killed in toronto during this horrific incident  i send my deepest condolences…
protecting our elections from foreign interference is not a d or an r issue  it is an american issue  we must put p…
i am honored to receive the  friend of farm bureau  award from the  mnfarmbureau   thank you for your support 
on this 4th  we celebrate what makes america great  importantly free speech & free press 
i stand with  housegvp in demanding a vote on gun violence prevention legislation no fly no buy close the loophole gun vote disarm hate
rt  franchising411  thank you  repstephmurphy for all you do for small businesses franchises in florida and around the country 
rt  hispaniccaucus  let s call this what it is--the president is using the lives of 800 000 dreamers as bargaining chips to further his an…
rt  jonathanweisman  do you think a democratic congress might  say  hold a hearing about this 
organizations – including  americasvoice   adl_national   naacp   nwlc   unitedwedream – are speaking out in suppor…

rt  edworkforcedems   icymi  today  ranking member  bobbyscott spoke with  ncte about the importance of  essa  and the future of highered  …
jared kushner s complex foreign business entanglements and relationship with the president is making him a target f…
i had a great time bringing books to the moore memorial library in hillsdale  there s nothing i love more than gett…
i joined  congressmanraja for a future forum to listen to  elgincommcoll students  here s what s most important to…
a little over 3 hours until the polls close       go team mike  masen
rt  repteddeutch  the students of stoneman douglas have been clear – america must neveragain allow the profits of gun manufacturers to com…
the republican agenda is riddled w/ policies that are meant to harm our most vulnerable group of people  for ex  …
president trump  the great negotiator  is the only president in history to shut down the government when his party…
the president and his team must be held accountable for their blatant attempts to undermine and obstruct the muelle…
amid all of this  in mid-april  house oversight & government reform chairman  tgowdysc wrote to scott pruitt  again…
we ve come a long way in the past 40 years on equalpay – including the lily ledbetter fair pay act and the pregnan…
i met with  centurylink today and we discussed the importance of broadband infrastructure  especially in rural sta…
today  i told press that i am disappointed in  housegop s partisan farm bill  which faces opposition from both side…
rt  officialcbc  on thursday   reprobinkelly &  repbonnie  2 of the 3  cbwgcaucus co-chairs  spoke at a  blkwomenshealth briefing about the…
rt  houseagdems  paul ryan voted against the farmbill conference report in 2008  saying that  our agricultural policies are in desperate n…
great hearts will reinstate san antonio teacher who assigned  positives  of slavery worksheet via  mysa
you can read more about the nda act here 
icymi i called on the president not to cut geothermal incentives that boost clean energy development and support ou…
tune in as i speak with reporters in the wake of tax day 
administrator pruitt must resign  he has failed in the agency s mission to protect the health and environment of ou…
had a blast delivering  citymeals to seniors in northeast queens  this morning i delivered food to several homebou…
day 29 of womens history month -  speakerryan is still refusing to take tangible action to stop workplace sexual har…
we ve seen discrimination in the military before with  don t ask  don t tell   trump s transgender military ban att…
son dignos de admirar  un matrimonio de fe que vivieron en la esperanza y aceptaron con valentía la voluntad de dio…
using our military to enforce our borders is a knee-jerk reaction that does little to solve our broken immigration…
republicans held a hearing last week and heard it firsthand from small business owners & entrepreneurs they invited…
rt  reptimwalz  to those who are currently serving overseas  get home safely  to those here at home  enjoy the time you have with your fami…
thanks  travelcoalition for the honor & for your work to increase travel to and within the u s  
3  i secured language in the defense bill to strengthen orlando s world-leading modeling  simulation  & training co…
rt  blackpressusa  op-ed  don t delay  sign-up for affordable healthcare today  clyburn  officialcbc  drbenchavis  …
stock buybacks have doubled this year thanks to the g o p tax scam  wages  not so much    
a group over 200 women volunteered w/the u s  army as telephone operators  the hello girls provided crucial support…
   repanthonybrown you re dreaming  i ll bet you some virginia peanuts and a bag of popcorn that we ll be done at 1…
an inspiring piece by  gwaynemiller highlighting how harvest acres farm is  growing awareness and raising hope  amo…
do gop senators seriously think american consumers have too much power over wall street and corporations like equif…
cambridge analytica  - trump campaign s data firm in 2016 - brought in by jared kushner - accessed private data of…
  whoisgarylee thank you gary for speaking up and standing strong  indeed   what a beautiful  incredible nation of…
el voto de hoy fue un gran éxito  y me siento sumamente satisfecho  estoy esperanzado de q la votación final será igual o más contundente 
congratulations to my friend  former house colleague  and working mom   senduckworth  on the birth of her baby girl…
i m horrified and heartbroken to hear of yet another school shooting - this one close to home at sal castro middle…
staff attending  wnylc mtg featuring  cfsem director tom woiwode presenting on dequindre cut  a project converting…
first up in washington  meeting with  nancypelosi to discuss the path forward on the  aca   child welfare  and the t…
my statement in response to  realdonaldtrump s announcement on opioids 
rt  edworkforcedems   icymi  this morning  ranking member  bobbyscott gave remarks at a  naturbanleague briefing which discussed the dispari…
rt  usatodayopinion  from  repswalwell  ban assault weapons and buy them back  it might cost  15 billion  but we can afford it  consider it…
let s break our silence  watch my full interview today with  wolfblitzer on  cnn 
it s approps season &  housegop is handing out special interest policy riders to their friends & their corporations  clean budget no riders
tom is also a member of the intel committee 
i wrote a letter to  speakerryan months ago asking him to let us have an  aumf  debate & vote  96 democrats and 10 r…
you can t upend the tax system without creating serious problems – & we re already seeing the g o p tax scam creating…
strong congressional oversight – focused on smarter military spending  clearly defined authorizations for the use o…
political courage is required for our nation s leaders  it is disappointing that the  gop  leadership prematurely an…
pain management cannot be one-size-fits-all  i m working on legislation to expand dr  franklin s innovative work th…
rt  chesapeakupsers  dressed for success   repbrochester is ready to start her  temp job  as a  ups package delivery driver 
nothing could be more important than ensuring that all workers receive equal pay for equal work  it s time for…
who will be at  turnofcorkscrew tonight  bigguns gunlobby enough is enough
i promised nellie ice cream to celebrate her award  so i had to settle up  congratulations again  nellie  you re an…
the facts are clear   realdonaldtrump is slow walking the process on his own  he has failed to nominate people for…
using our child welfare system as a way to deter immigration is an egregious abuse of not only the child welfare sy…
mr  mark schulte has taught for over 33 years and currently teaches government at summit high school in fontana  th…
 amtrak  chris_maag
yesterday  i addressed the national shooting sports foundation  nssf at their annual congressional fly-in breakfast…
  useeoc s commissioner  charlotte a  burrows explains that sexual harassment & discrimination in male-dominated jo…
i support a responsible balanced budget amendment  in fact  i introduced one   but my proposal protects social secur…
gotta watch this   and don t forget to show love 
jump to 22 55 of lakeshore public radio s show to hear some of the questions and answers from the town forum held i…
i met w/ secretaryross to urge the administration to focus on china s aluminum market distorting practices instead…
in may  we celebrate the invaluable contributions of the  aapi  community in michigan and across the country  happy…
did you know april is school library month  thank you to all of the school librarians for the work that you do  sch…
don t miss  dkiinstitute 2nd annual lecture w/sec  mineta & sen  simpson  re  nat l security & civil liberties 
to mark public service recognition week  i introduced a bill w/  call_me_dutch to provide free lifetime identity pr…
great news for our songwriters in nashville 
today  the hawaii state leg passed a measure to ban the sale of sunscreens w/ 2 toxic chemicals  and it now heads…
rt  repanthonybrown  puerto rico hasn t recovered after hurricane maria  thousands still without power  scores of schools & businesses shut…
check out  nmpovertylaw s op-ed about  snap  
it was an honor to join mayor tom koch at the swearing-in of the quincy city council last night  congratulations to…
rt  lvchamber  we re in a room with  nv  power players this morning  hon  shelley berkeley  touronevada   repjackyrosen & chairman mike bolo…
great news  raising wages for hardworking americans is the right thing to do  let s keep up the fight for15 
san luis obipso is home to the traveling vietnam memorial wall this weekend  honoring the men and women who served…
house republicans and the trump white house have deliberately kept the american people in the dark  with virtually…
45 has called for the death penalty of drug dealers as a solution for the opioid crisis  criminalizing drug addicti…
dear privateprisons  take our 2017 advice  no more   for you until you invest in real criminal justice and immigra…
praying for victims  families  and all impacted by despicable new york attack  thankful for brave first responders 
enjoyed attending the elizabeth river trail announcement at plum point park in norfolk  pictured with mayor kenny a…
 nra anything you have to say about the 2nd amendment and gun ownership  you should be able to say to the faces of…
happy rail day2018  did you know  railroads support 250 000  mn jobs and  4 billion of our state s gdp …
here s to tom wolfe  the writer  the journalist  the man in the white suit  his legacy can be evoked with some of h…
students in delaware and across the country  without exception  deserve protections under law   snda  spells out tha…
it is laughable that the same  housegop who wrote the g o p tax scam which added  1 8t to the deficit in dec would thi…
social security most important source of income for many senior citizens & lifts 56 million americans out of poverty expand social security
the pay gap isn t a myth  it s math  today  on equal pay day  i m stepping up our fight for equality in the workplac…
 fcc net neutrality protects innovators and small businesses—they can t afford  fcc efforts to undermine the open internet  save the internet
rt  protectneighbor  we re with  eleanornorton and  mayorbowser at the capitol today to call on congress to protect dc s local laws from be…
the spending bill we just passed included an additional  8 300 000 for the runaway and homeless youth program  part…
community health centers are playing an expanding role in providing health care to millions of american families  i…
rt  seec    seec members  repbarragan &  repdavideprice are leading the safe c o a s t act to block trump s safety rollback and help protect our…
i just introduced a bill banning any paper products imported from countries that refuse to meet the u s  s high env…
on set  msnbc w  nicolledwallace in 3 pm hour 
so the house passed the g o p tax scam  read my blog if you re looking to understand what happens next
at a time when illegal crossings at the u s-mexico border are at historic lows  president trump wants to exploit ou…
and although this bill makes needed investments in the care and services of our veterans  it continues to bloat de…
great news for chicago coming from  neaarts  2nd major round of fy18 grant funding  congrats to  il05  recipients …
today  i stand with those marching across the world to end gun violence and i remain committed to working in congres…
rt  frontierpolicy  thrilled to work with  congressmanruiz and others in california to close the digital divide and bring broadband access…
it s obvious to me that the new tax law is a raw deal for the american people  the american middle class deserves…
meet steve  a local doctor who was owed thousands by the irs  steve lives in sacramento with his family and cares f…
rt  mgdemocracy  just spent 3 hours on the phones for  capuano4senate after voting in allston  gotv  masen // thank you  go team mike 
the community has also been working together to help each other during this extremely difficult time  for updates o…
spoke out today on the many issues the 3 5 million americans in puerto rico are still facing after hurricane maria…
to every woman who is underpaid  under-promoted  and under-valued in the workplace  i am fighting for you  it s tim…
 amid all the partisan maneuvering  one can easily forget that these are real people — americans  for all intents a…
rt  jakesherman  something extraordinary just happened on the floor  republicans closed the vote while democrats were yelling they wanted t…
thank you sherrard high school for your hospitality  i learned about their growing industrial arts program  how the…
just sent a letter to sec def mattis calling for a review of general kelly s handling of cases of complaints agains…
int l women s day   iwd2018   comes on the heels of unprecedented global movement for women s rights  equality & jus…
productive meeting with the new palo alto va director  looking forward to working with him on solutions to va s pre…
on yom hashoah  we remember more than 6 million lives tragically lost to hate and division and renew our vow…
i am proud to have the support of the national women s political caucus  i look forward to working with the nwpc in my upcoming election 
today  all 11 dems in the house sent governor rauner a letter asking him  yet again  to get engaged and work with u…
team peters joined  srcivic for their volunteer recognition night  we recognized loraine burley and gordon boerner…
congrats to  ucsandiego  which was awarded the most  deptofdefense research equipment grants out of these universit…
thank you  enjoyed talking about the importance of public service loan forgiveness and continuing funding for the l…
rt  cnn  rep  ted lieu  if president trump fired ag jeff sessions or special counsel robert mueller   that would be obstruction of justice …
if the wagegap closed   aapi  women working full time  year-round would have enough money for nearly 1 additional y…
estimados  foxnews – háganle un favor a la nación  reporten una historia verídica durante el  tiempo executivo  del…
i am deeply saddened by the horrific slaughter of at least 52 palestinian protestors and injuries to thousands more…
he went to jail for us  goodtrouble
i was proud to stand with  senatordurbin and announce new guidance from the army that will help manufacturing at th…
happy passover for all those gathered with friends and family around the seder table this weekend 
on this opening day  our hope springs eternal for the  rockies  here s to the start of a great season 
 youtube recognized in the science community in america 
in light of the serious allegations brought to the attention of the u s  senate against adm  ronny jackson by more…
rt  cnntonight  democrat rep  denny heck   firing rod rosenstein is akin to firing bob mueller 
in cities across the country  marches have been organized by young activists who have had enough of the gun violenc…
at the oak harbor senior center  which provides important services to seniors and families  including family caregi…
republicans have a deal on their tax plan -- bad news for long island and queens families that rely on salt  this a…
inspired by  sofiewhitney s strength & resilience tonight on  ac360  👏🏾you go girl👏🏾 i can t wait to see you & yo…
special elections &  rumpelstiltskin races 
banks who discriminate against people need to be held accountable  please see my questioning of witnesses in the fi…
  officialcbc delegation is at  merrittcollege to discuss techquity and education  tune in now to watch live …
rt  kylegriffin1  rep  rosa delauro gets in a heated exchange with betsy devos over a potential plan to preempt state regulations on studen…
housing and community development investments at hud and usda are critical to the success of our neighborhoods and…
 fairer taxes  – the richest americans are receiving  51 140 in tax breaks  while the poorest are only receiving  6…
an abundance of outdoor recreational opportunities is just one of the many reasons colorado is the greatest place t…
team fattah real results / fattah tax credit bill for students permanently extended after house vote via  yahoonews
 a moment of reflection  
rt  dispatchalerts  ohio taxpayers get extra day to file state  school district returns
rt  repsires  four months later  the g o p tax scam is showing its true colors  meanwhile  american families desperately wait for real legisla…
i spoke with  alexwitt on the need to sound the alarm on the dangers of the latest trumpcare  our conversation here
we are looking for the truth – not the republican truth or the democratic truth – we are looking for the simple tru…
pleased to see the senate judiciary committee move forward on this bill  i am a cosponsor of the house version  i c…
rt  keithellison  trump heralding the rise of hate  listen to reveal  very important 
rt  whiphoyer  we hope that poland will stand behind the democratic principles our nations share and the recognition that ignoring history…
happy earth day  in the land of enchantment we have a deep connection to the land and natural resources around us …
rt  deptofdefense  gen hyten helped build a resilient space enterprise that ll strengthen nuclear deterrence  important work he ll continue…
my thoughts and prayers are with my good friend   repanthonybrown  i look forward to his full recovery and return to congress 
 repbrodeur  melroseps  melrosehigh2018  meateachers  melrosefl  ctmelrose great night celebrating the importance o…
mick mulvaney said there was a  hierarchy  in his office in congress   if you re a lobbyist who never gave us money…
this short-sighted decision ruins already damaged us global credibility  sending a message to the world that the us…
happy teacher appreciation day to all of the amazing educators in michigan and across the country  your tireless ded…
rt  igorbobic  pruitt says he doesn t recall ordering use of emergency lights and sirens to cut traffic in dc  udall submits to record an…
the failed war on drugs destroyed lives  as we move forward with cannabis legalization  our solutions need to includ…
in oregon  282 020 girls are enrolled in k-12 schools  but across the globe  130 million girls don t have access to…
the chemical attacks on the syrian people are horrific  tonight  the international community responded  but prevent…
wow  congrats to the students at half hollow hills school district that won the top team prize for the 2017 siemens…
as my ad in   thevillageratx states  your vote matters  early vote now 
rt  tulsigabbard  the people of flint have endured lead-poisoned water for four years  clean water is at risk all across our country  it s…
 jasonrantz it doesn t have a handle  but just visited sno-isle skills center in everett yesterday and it has an au…
too many hardworking families are one emergency away from falling behind on their bills  congress must work to grow…
rt  johncornyn  good to meet this afternoon with my friend henry cuellar and other members of congressional hispanic caucus  including rep …
rt  auwcl  prof   laguarda introduces co-founder of the  lawgovauwcl program   repraskin  during the program s 25th anniversary celebration…
team doggett was pleased to join the great turnout in  atx  to honor the memory of mlk in the annual community march…
it s game time  good luck  huskerfbnation and bring home the win for sam   gbr 
rev  dr  martin luther king jr  helped start a movement to combat inequality  and that progress didn t end with his…
at a time when tensions are high in the middle east & smart diplomacy is critical to preventing conflict  withdrawi…
rockland is already doing the best it can with limited resources  and an emergency declaration would help make it…
rt if you agree  clean drinking water should be a basic human right  dont forget flint
rt  sxmprogress   there s no other way to say it  but he was a terrorist  he was terrorizing americans   -  reprubengallego tells  deanobei…
rt  reviewjournal  nevada s entire congressional delegation   dinatitus   repjackyrosen   repkihuen and  markamodeinv2  voted against the b…
the united states has a moral responsibility to clean up & help heal laos  still scarred by the cia s  secret war 
life science companies and hospitals are among north jersey s largest employers  and i m committed to do everything…
honored to meet joe samaha & paul friedman of  vtvfofoundation  joe lost his daughter at virginia tech 11 years a…
90 000    of children & pregnant women in colorado who rely on  chip   102    of legislators  including me  who a…
polluting pruitt has proposed drastic budget cuts to  epa programs that protect americans  health – all while wasti…
members of the baha i community of nevada stopped by my district office with cookies representing each of the issue…
 otd  in 1861  america was put to the test as the civil war began  today in 1945  our nation mourned the loss of fra…
rt  wanda_lucas   repraskin thank you emma norvell for an awesome meeting this afternoon  we appreciate your support   nbcconthehill   gtown…
at the edmund pettus bridge in selma remembering those who marched across this bridge and sacrificed so much in th…
i m joining  mariabartiromo on  morningsmaria tomorrow at 7 am et to discuss president macron s address to congress…
i respectfully ask for your vote today and please cast a ballot for our democratic nominee hillary clinton  vote2016 im with her
how could you be around trump and not feel at least at times that he acts an idiot and/or moronically or that he ac…
thanks to  toyotapolicy for taking the time to talk with me about how they re working to improve mobility for every…
rt  hispaniccaucus  🗣🗣🗣 césar chávez risked his life to overcome the very racism & bigotry that rep  gohmert espouses  for him to twist & w…
our allies can t trust america anymore  this administration s foreign policy isn t strategic  it s one knee-jerk re…
people of faith want all souls2 enroll in health coverage  there is one week left in open enrollment 
rt  unitedwaynnj  thanks so much to patrick sheehan  sussex/warren county liaison for  repjoshg  who visited our  centenary_nj student volu…
a committee in the arizona state legislature has approved a bill to provide female inmates with unlimited tampons a…
as  atmosenergy service restoration continues  i ve checked in w/ dallas residents to make sure you are getting th…
rt  crisponthehill   socworkcaucus member  cbrangel receives phoenix award   the  cbcfalc16  - congratulations & thank you for your service…
i m with the  pokjournal editorial board  more than 140 people die every day from drug overdoses – this epidemic is…
today  i voted in favor of increasing our investment in supporting medical research  combating the opioid crisis  r…
while big corporations and  housegop s wealthy donors get huge tax breaks  the g o p tax scam will raise taxes on 86 m…
the director of the consumer financial protection bureau  mick mulvaney  was clearly hostile toward the bureau when…
we received a lot of great questions from attendees at my cybersecurity awareness educational forum  thanks to…
rt  housedemocrats  we must ensure americans impacted by the opioid epidemic have access to the quality care and treatment they need   ways…
the g o p tax scam was not written for middle-class workers  in our state of texas  the top 5% of earners get 65% of t…
 i call upon  potus to resist the loud calls of war and instead wield the power of the presidency to help bring pea…
too many republicans in congress have sought to sweep the question of russian interference into u s  elections unde…
rt  councilmanviera  great article by  haltman on local efforts to pay tribute to our vietnam veterans  including effort by  usrepkcastor t…
rt  vetaffairsdems  trump should spend less time undermining 2020census & focus on questions that matter   uscensusbureau  if we are to se…
sin promesa  el gobierno de pr probablemente colapse   
on yom hashoah  we remember the 6 million jewish lives taken from us during the holocaust and we pledge to…
proud to join  repjohnlarson to reintroduce the social security 2100 act in support of ma09 s 185 000  beneficiarie…
rt  wsu_cougar_pres  aerospace industry in wa state provided 136 100 jobs at 1 400 establishments- to remain competitive we must partner wi…
touring kelly s point conservation project  a beautiful area of the skagit land trust  this week  usfws awarded a  …
reminder to our vets  please join me at my veterans town halls in la crosse & eau claire 11/10  learn more here …
president trump has disrespected the service and sacrifice of our brave transgender troops all for the purpose of d…
rt  repmaloney  i am proud to be an original cosponsor of the resolution to censure  realdonaldtrump for his racist and derogatory comment…
thousands of jobs and the fate of one of america s foundational industries hangs in the balance  the u s  steel ind…
rt  nancypelosi  it s been a long time coming  time to vote 
sexual harassment is a very serious matter and cannot be tolerated   1/3 
rt  energycommerce  rms  frankpallone &  repjohnconyers  president trump s declaration  is essentially meaningless  w/out new     to fight…
rt  healthcaregov  get covered before it s too late  open enrollment for 2018 coverage ends this friday 
small businesses like jack s bike shop in bay city are an important part of our economy in mid-michigan  over the p…
john kelly and i have very different definitions for  integrity  and  honor   i m sure the american people wouldn t…
19 years ago  a mass shooting took 13 lives at columbine  the need to end gun violence once and for all has only become more urgent 
tonight at 7pm  i ll be on  wgby with  carriesaldo talking guncontrol  healthcare  g o ptaxbill and more 
may is national foster care month  a time to recognize our nation s more than 400 000 foster youth in addition to t…
on april 4 1949  the north atlantic treaty was signed to establish  nato  in the decades since its formation the us…
thanks for coming by 
science is fundamental to implementing effective environmental and human health protections  polluting pruitt is tr…
we all have responsibility to ensure safety of our constituents  we call for flint funding to help families recover  no flint no c r
barbara bush made our country a better place  she touched countless lives  and always graced us with dignity and ci…
well thank god the  nra convention will be safe  kids at a school  not so much 
i believe when people have opportunity  they have hope  and when they have hope  there is nothing that can stand b…
proud and so pleased memphis int  airport chosen for drone program  innovation is memphis and in the air  it s…
still waiting for president trump and his son-in-law jared kushner to provide solutions to our criminal justice sys…
during another period  we knelt  there is nothing wrong with kneeling down to stand up against injustice  it s prot…
that s absolutely unacceptable  and it s part of why thousands of teachers across the country have gone on strike 
rt  repbillfoster    realdonaldtrump has denied the science of climatechange and let  epascottpruitt gut environmental regulations  it s d…
for the entirety of  epascottpruitt s tenure  he has proven time and again that he is more interested in self-servi…
rt  pbs39channel  have a question for congressman cartwright   repcartwright tweet it at us  we will ask him on january 24th during our tow…
lgbtq students are faced with harassment  bullying and at times  violence in the classroom every day  this discrimi…
joining  cnn  cnnsitroom tonight with  jimsciutto to discuss the release of the majority s russia report today and…
 this is an issue ripe for more rigorous congressional oversight — even an independent commission to investigate ch…
there is no question that our current tax code is in need of reform  however  i believe that the current…
we should not be spending millions of dollars and tearing up our roads just to amuse  potus  
interested in attending a service academy  join  repgonzalez and myself this saturday to learn more about how to ap…
i asked  ustreasury secretary mnuchin about his comments that the administration s infrastructure plan will depend…
rt  joaquincastrotx    devinnunes seems to think it s his job to hit sacrifice flies so  realdonaldtrump can go untouched  he should take a…
lets go 3-0 loyola ramblers
the jewish festival of lights begins tonight at sunset  happy hanukkah to all who celebrate 
i introduced the jobs  not waste act  legislation that would prohibit  energy from moving forward with its dangerou…
rt  evanmcmurry  rep  tonko on allegations of  seemingly endless misconduct  against epa head scott pruitt   imagine if a democrat acted in…
 edround2 🙄
rt  hascdemocrats  markup of the  fy19ndaa  starts today at 10 00am et  watch it live here 
if you need assistance navigating an issue with a federal agency  team carson can help you  my office will be hosti…
  speakerryan  where are those  4 000 raises our middle class families were supposed to get  instead 86 million ame…
i m proud to stand with them  march for our lives
rt  repbobbyrush  every illinois olympian and when they re competing  olympics
loser s bluff  go ahead and veto the omnibus over daca  we dare you  everyone knows you re the reason daca recipie…
additional work requirements in snap are nothing more than artificial barriers that would leave more people hungry…
we must continue working to combat human trafficking and ensure that survivors have access to the resources and sup…
rt  energycommerce  today  e&c democrats joined their  housedemocrats and  senatedems colleagues in the fight to savethe internet  time is…
john kelly is also complicit in knowing that porter had a history of wife beating  this would ve been revealed in t…
it s teacher appreciation week  thanks to the tireless  aftunion educators who are raising their voices for educatio…
rt  senmarkey  it appears as if the color of money isn t the only color  realdonaldtrump cares about  these are words of hate and we must c…
in proud of of our youth today who are rallying against gun violence  you are that generation that nelson mandela…
happening now  a bipartisan women s caucus hearing about combating sexual harassment in the service sector  watch l…
today i offered  housegop the chance to save the a c a s individual mandate and  salt   sadly  they refused and conti…
  tammybaldwin respects all who served  not just those she agrees with  her opponent is attacking public service  t…
rt  ceigateway  a huge thank you to  reprubengallego for taking the time to meet with our entrepreneurs last week  your support for small b…
rt  wa_marysville  welcome home to the sailors and staff of the uss sampson  returning today to naval station everett  we ve missed you  c…
 epaoig in late september 2017  it came out that  epascottpruitt had been using private planes and had even used a…
barbara bush was a graceful first lady who has dedicated her life to improving education and promoting literacy  ou…
congrats to  usacesacramento  reclamationcvp  ca_dwr on successfully testing new auxiliary spillway at folsom dam …
this is just one of the reasons i oppose the sinclair–tribune merger  sinclair
my thoughts and prayers are with the  nra after today 
 uscbo shockingly  the g o p farm bill would force  snap  recipients to confront former partners to demand child suppor…
ready for the big game  let s end this series tonight  n b a playoffs dub nation
rt  civildefensehi  no new outbreaks have emerged  fissures continue to emit hazardous fumes  at this time  5 homes have been destroyed htt…
excited to start the mark-up of the national defense authorization act  honored to be part of the armed services co…
thank you for a lively discussion   jaredhuffman &  repmcgovern 
team m l g is spending time at connect to success presented by  abqecondev  the presentations touch on programs and in…
while we grieve the passing of first lady barbara bush  we celebrate a life well lived  thank you mrs  bush for you…
3 things you can do this week 
it s teacher appreciation week  a time to thank the hardworking teachers educating and shaping our next generation …
yesterday i discussed congress  role in debating plan to combat  isis  in syria iraq on  wegoted radio show link 
our veterans deserve a strong and steady hand leading the va  sadly  the chaos that the white house has wrought thr…
kingv burwell decision means hard-working american families will continue to enjoy the benefits of dependable  affordable health coverage 
america is a nation of immigrants  and our immigration policies need to reflect that  visiting the border this week…
enjoyed visiting  kc_uya on opening day  the finished product looks fantastic  i look forward to seeing some future…
mike pompeo must not be our next secretary of state  the senate foreign relations committee should reject his nomin…
while  potus and his cabinet live the high life  he s asking the  gop  congress to strip  15 billion from programs t…
when a veteran tells me they re finding relief  i believe them  that s why i introduced the va medicinal cannabis r…
 pkcapitol for 8 straight years between 1980 and 1987 the eastern conf champion was either the sixers or celtics  no one else 
glad that father conroy has decided to keep serving as house chaplain  and that  speakerryan has accepted his decis…
i ll be on  soundofideas at 9am to discuss the president s first state of the union address   sotu 
wearing purple on pancreatic cancer day to raise awareness about the need for earlier detection of this terrible dis…
a z vets should receive high quality  timely care no matter where they live  i cosponsored the va mission act to ens…
today is the fourth anniversary of the tragic oso landslide  which in an instant took the lives of 43 of our neigh…
follow the link below for more information on how the change could affect you and what to do if you have any questi…
i posted a new photo to facebook
i am joining 149 of my colleagues in cosponsoring legislation that will save the internet net neutrality
join dpoe tonight 
wishing everyone celebrating a joyful holi 
the increase of women  people of color  and lgbt individuals in the labor force is a gift to businesses  they offer…
v for victory  let s go ramblers   ramblersmbb ramble on onward l u no finish line
happy mother s day  thinking of my mom susan mclane who continues to inspire me to this day 
rt  housedemocrats    repallawsonjr  fl-5  had the opportunity to connect with several local pastors  elected officials  faith-based organi…
as lawmakers  we have a responsibility to protect our communities  now  not after the next tragedy  is the time for…
trump is the one who ended daca  said he would sign whatever congress proposed  and then rejected every bipartisan…
rt  hn_tg_editor    usrepkeating says tonight s opioid forum for clergy is meant to help change lives fall river
hey major  if you re talking about hr 4909  the s t o p school violence act  i cosponsored it  voted for it  and spoke o…
proud to cosponsor the special counsel independence and integrity act  congress must move to protect the mueller in…
applications are now open for our need-based  paid summer fellowships for our nashville and dc intern programs  cur…
happy earth day2018 to all 
rt  thomasyabroff  knocktober winds of change here for manassas dems  thanks  luannbennett and  brownformd   coming together for vir w i nia…
rt  edshow  ➨ 30 minutes to edshow with  repjimmcdermott on economy republicansgotitwrong and kerry walsh on air asia at 5pet/4pct on  m…
rod rosenstein served md well  do same for america and appoint special prosecutor to investigate russian interference and trump s collusion 
six million jews were killed during the holocaust  they were killed by hate  that s why prejudice matters  that s w…
this week is the 30th anniversary of the pogroms against people of armenian descent in sumgait  the pogroms failed…
if we re going to hold a militaryparade  let s hold it for our veterans
rt  taracopp  on thurs   usmc  iraq vet army  nationalguard wife alejandra juarez will be on capitol hill w/  repdarrensoto   icegov set t…
this earth day  consider visiting one of california s 110 beautiful state parks 
i was so proud to join ron onorato and the inserra family to break ground on the new wyckoff shoprite  which will b…
visited the wonderfully innovative glenner alzheimer s family centers town square today  town square is a simulate…
  camdencountynj is celebrating the  eagles win  fly eagles fly eagles parade
the hearing is scheduled for tomorrow 
polluting pruitt s serious ethical lapses continue to pile up  the  usgao concluded epa broke the law by constructi…
last call for  az09  student artists  just one week left to sign up for our congressional art competition  contact o…
parents should be able to rest easy that their children will get the help they need during a largescale emergency …
rt  housedemwomen  ⚡️ as womens history month comes to an end  check out 25 great tweets from the month by dwwg members  like  nitalowey s s…
agree 100% with this ⬇️
rt  repwilson  today we are being presented important testimony on sexual harassment in the service sector at a hearing hosted by the bipar…
thanks  maxinewaters for the kind words 
 otd  1933 us & ussr set diplomatic relations  pres roosevelt expressed hope us-soviet relations would  forever remain normal and friendly   
i ve returned from puerto rico  my statement on my visit to the island 
my hope for the future in cuba &  us  is for governments to listen to the people of both nations who want change  e…
rt  seiulocal1  happening now  nonunion workers wanting good union jobs are rallying with  seiulocal1   seiuhciimk   seiu73   chifightfor15…
rt  fscdems    repmaxinewaters   senwarren   repalgreen   keithellison   senblumenthal &  senjeffmerkley sent a letter to acting  cfpb dire…
proud to join  replloyddoggett  davidcicilline  repraskin to introduce this legislation  firing special counsel mue…
stronger families / stronger future  
hud secretary ben carson to be sued for suspending obama-era fair-housing rule working families need and deserve…
thanks   jimmyfallon  i m definitely not a fan of the president provoking trade wars  but that doesn t sound like a…
we must also speak out when atrocities happen to other communities  whether syrians under attack by chemical weapon…
mahalo russell & cindy from honolulu for stopping by my office  hope you enjoy your visit to washington
it s inspiring to see so many young people excited and engaged to make our community and country a better place  a…
tune in now as i join gustavo gutierrez-gomez on  radiomovimiento kpcn
mark zuckerberg now admits that he s responsible for the massive breach of americans  data  that s exactly why he n…
tax cuts don t pay for themselves  so how does the gop want to pay for the g o p tax scam  with harmful cuts to  snap… 
if you re having trouble reaching my district office in cherry hill  please call my dc office & staff will pass alo…
rt  aterkel  scoop by  jbendery - some members of the house freedom caucus are working with dem rep  gerry connolly to reinstate the house…
thank you to everyone at amundsen high school—especially the students—for organizing a chicago…
it s official – the omnibus includes funding to begin construction on a new federal courthouse for south florida …
want to learn more about my work in congress on behalf of arizona s 7th district  sign up to receive my e-newslette…
this year s  apahm2018  celebration is particularly exciting as we are releasing the first ever official history of…
no better way to start your oktoberfest weekend than the slicing of the golden brat  hope everyone has a safe and f…
today we honor the more than three million americans who served in the vietnam war  vietnam defined a generation …
president trump s infrastructure proposal would gut bedrock environmental  clean water  and clean air protections u…
at  dstinc1913 s d s t4 gun reform press conference today  i assured members and friends of dst that  i believe in the…
in 2018  it is unacceptable that women on average continue to earn less than their male counterparts for the same w…
the right to vote is the foundation of democracy  proud to stand with my colleagues in the fight against voter suppression restore the v r a
smart farm bill implementation is important to farmers across  mn07   including jackie and stuart selchow from glencoe
once again  it is clear that the ortega regime does not care about justice or liberty but instead has allowed corru…
dreamers shouldn t have to put their futures on hold because congress refuses to act  we must pass the bipartisan…
farm bill energy programs play an essential role in our rural economy  helping to create thousands of jobs  yet  t…
rt  d33dems  your ticket if voting in maryland  cd4   judge_barber  brownformd  vanhollenformd  hillaryclinton
traveling with  vp &  repjenniffer &  marcorubio &  senbillnelson 2 survey post hurricane damage v i strong
this week  i introduced an amendment to prohibit the use of military construction funds to build a border wall in t…
tune in to  cspan around 6 50pm  et  to watch  repmaxinewaters and i host a  special order  on the  cfpb w/ our dem…
rt  benniegthompson  in 2016  russia launched a massive cyber-attack against the us to undermine faith in our democracy  yet trump & the go…
rt  fscdems   release   at powell hearing   repmaxinewaters warns of republican efforts to undermine the  federalreserve and diminish its a…
rt  hispaniccaucus  trump s anti-immigrant policies are hurting small businesses across the country that can t find americans willing to do…
congressman butterfield s birthday is today  please join us in wishing him a happy birthday  -team butterfield  t…
we paid our respects at nat l law enforcement officers memorial today for those we lost  sgt sam howard - kissimmee…
my thoughts are with the bush family today as we mourn the loss of barbara bush – an advocate  author  loving wife…
this week as we celebrate national womens health week  let s remind women everywhere to make their health a priority …
last week  sailors from carrier airborne early warning squadron 113 returned home to naval base ventura county afte…
tomorrow  i ll be hosting a townhall for our lives to discuss gun safety reform and efforts to protect our communitie…
so much for drain the swamp  83% of the benefits from the tax reform bill go to the wealthiest 1% of americans  read 
texas filed a lawsuit with the sole goal of eliminating millions of americans  healthcare  now they are attempting…
rudy giuliani  as  realdonaldtrump s newest attorney  thinks the job of the attorney general of the united states i…
as we celebrate mothers day  we cannot forget that the trump admin is tearing kids & moms apart at the border  the…
the reckless trump budget slashes  213b from  snap  & changes part of it to an ill-conceived  blue apron-type progr…
tonight  6pm  i can t wait to hear your questions ✔️
withdrawing from the iran deal will harm our transatlantic relations  as european companies in iran are soon going…
rt  bklyneagle    nydiavelazquez proposes  superfund tax  to combat  realdonaldtrump epa budget cuts
rt  leagueofcities  congratulations to our 2018 nlc  littlerockmayor president s award winners  representatives  call_me_dutch and  rephult…
we have had far too many moments of silence  we now need a moment of action on gun violence  students demand action
i spoke with  lcf_orlando about their work to help people who are blind achieve personal independence and learn ski…
spending taxpayer money to build a wall or deploying resources like the national guard will not fix our immigration…
 indivisibleyolo  epascottpruitt  epa i m happy to report that i m a proud co-sponsor  pruitt must go 
this afternoon  i met with the  bmsnews foundation to discuss their important work improving access to health care…
after exploding the debt by nearly  2 trillion with their g o p tax scam  republicans are trying to pass a  balanced b…
today marks one year since  housegop passed trumpcare  which would have stolen health care from 469 000 new jersey…
thanks to all who came out to see senator merkley and me today to talk about the issues that matter to you most  it…
over the weekend  i sent an email to my constituents on how i hope congress responds to the shooting in parkland …
we need to make strategic investments and help our communities  instead of throwing individuals in jail for small v…
there is nothing more precious in this world than a mother s ❤️ 💕 💗 happy mother s day    💐🌸 🌺
rt  sarahdwire   reploiscapps urging noflynobuy vote  it is time for the speaker of this house to call a vote  
in addition to countless academic and cultural benefits  international students bring  41 8 million and 491 jobs to…
getting ready to retire and claim your social security benefits  you can do so 4 months prior to receiving your fir…
last week  i joined  repdarrensoto and other  hispaniccaucus members in a press conference about active military a…
scott lloyd needs to go  now 
i am a strong supporter of net neutrality  we must keep fighting for an open and free internet  net neutrality
as a survivor of hurricanes katrina & rita  i will continue to urge congress to support the virgin islands in their…
i am deeply disappointed in the  fcc s decision today to repeal net neutrality  all citizens should have fair and e…
i am encouraged these strikes were targeted towards chemical weapon facilities & carried out w/our allies in the un…
reminder  we re holding *two* town halls in el paso on friday -- a general town hall at 9am and a veteran town hall…
upon learning of this news  i immediately informed homegoods s leadership that i want to work with them to find sui…
or will inaugural champs  nbpublicschools return to the winner s circle in the ma09  congressionalac   deadline for entries is november 2 
86 million american middle class families will see their taxes ultimately go up thanks to the g o p tax scam  now…
another oil spill on the central coast  now in ventura county  i am closely monitoring and awaiting further details 
washington in 2018 
i ve never met a person who wakes up in the morning and says  i want to be poor today  that s just not a reality …
thanks to forest park hs  pwcsnews students for visiting capitol hill today  great questions on congress  partisans…
good visiting  dynomaxinc in wheeling  which manufactures precision components of aerospace  space communications …
eastern connecticut lost a great cop and a great person with the too-early passing of steve chipman  he spent 23 ye…
it s tax day and unless you re among the wealthiest  the g o p tax scam is not helping you  if your company had its ta…
rt  univision34la  los hispanos tienen mayor riesgo de desarrollar diabetes que empieza a manifestarse cuando tienen mucha sed  hambre  v…
my statement on the passing of winnie mandela 
we cannot afford to wait for one more tragedy  the time to pass common-sense gun legislation is now  end gun violence
thank you  mclyburnfcc for giving me the opportunity to submit my statement for the record  today s decision is a d…
 recent efforts at  thejusticedept with regard to u s  immigration courts raise serious concerns about the departme…
wishing a happy passover to all who celebrate on the central coast  chag sameach 
join me today in voting for  edmarkey for senate  he has been a powerful voice in the house  & he will serve all of us well in the senate 
  replawrence  we will not stop until all of the chibok girls are home 
the ryan/mcconnell tax bill should be named   the republican donor-class relief act   read my full statement here …
congratulating my good friend james campos on his presidential appointment as the director of the office of minorit…
at summit pacific medical center in elma  grays harbor residents can get great care close to home  thanks for the t…
devos and the republicans are making it easier to defraud students  we will fight even harder for these students  r…
please be careful in the bad conditions   njsp says  stay home if you don t have to go out & if you are driving  ke…
a mind to work  
this stroke month make sure you know all signs 
it was a pleasure participating in the wbca celebration yesterday  congratulations to acting cbp commissioner kevin…
we had a great time at the  honolulupride legacy foundation gala  vision without limits  congratulations to 2018 ho…
 iamkimazing  charlaneo is the lead  our office number is 615/736-5295 
recent studies show that minority communities are overcharged for auto insurance  this is not acceptable  today i i…
congrats to odle middle school for advancing to the national science bowl finals this weekend  you can watch them c…
rt  waysmeanscmte  dems decry social security sneak attack
happy teacher appreciation week to all the educators around the us who do some of the most important work in the cou…
rt  queenstrib  local pols seek aid for hindus in russia religious freedom vladimir putin russian orthodox hinduis…
there are 176 000 children in pa who rely on children s health insurance program  chip  for stability   survival  c…
thank you   roslehtinen 
adding a citizenship question to the 2020 census will suppress participation  we can t let that happen  we need acc…
it was my honor to give the invocation and benediction for the congressional ceremony commemorating the life of dr …
despite intense opposition  the trump administration continues to explore ways to cut access to  snap   today  i tol…
at stake is our global leadership  about 1 8 million u s  jobs  and a huge hit to multiple domestic industries  it …
rt  verifiedvoting  voting infrastructure in the us is protected by firewalls but has holes that hackers can exploit   kimzetter writes  vo…
 ny03  has someone competing in the winter games2018  u s  army sgt   and luger  matt mortensen  of huntington stati…
a recent poll showed that 7in10 americans support roev wade  i m proud to be one of the 7in10for roe
it is comforting to me that new jersey has adult leadership again   govmurphy s budget proposal is a big step towar…
friday  april 13 is the deadline to submit entries for the annual congressional art competition  learn more about h…
during small businessweek  we celebrate entrepreneurs in the hv who are working hard creating jobs & driving econom…
nice work  elizabeth  catherine  omar  and all the hudson valley folks who participated in the nyc half marathon 
  wusa9 march for our lives town hall starting in just a few minutes  tune in live at
rt  chrislu44  another day passes without a trump apology to mccain  proving true these astute comments from 2017   matthewjdowd   he has…
rt  repjohnyarmuth  live  omb director mulvaney is testifying before the house budget committee  watch here 
this military spouse appreciation day we recognize the families who make it possible for so many brave men and women…
today i intro d hr 5173  the homeowners access to visitability enhancements  have  act to increase accessibility in homes age in place
last night  18 bipartisan colleagues & i read aloud stanford rape survivor s victim impact statement on house floor
rt  senatorduff   all of that stuff is a is a way for republicans to sort of normalize the idea that the legislature should be scrutinizing…
the east side access project will bring new public transit options to  nyc  and set the stage for metronorth s expan…
 fcc a free and open internet is a vital part of free speech today & one of the cornerstones of a free society …
celebrated the community health initiative s dedication to improving health outcomes last night  did you know they…
pompeo has also expressed support for bringing back torture  wants to continue indefinite detention at guantanamo b…
rt  cassiem0ren0  today  teammoulton members marched in 3 cities  joining millions around the world in calling for political courage from t…
rt  johnjharwood  gop chair of house armed services subcomittee   without proof that iran is in violation of the agreement  it is a mistake…
i share judge woodcock s confusion as to why it s in the national interest to bar mr  monga from competing in…
always honored to work with  replindasanchez  especially when we have the chance to improve the lives of working fa…
net neutrality means you can use the internet how you  not some company  see fit – even if that s debating about…
however  it is all too clear that leader mcconnell and speaker ryan will not allow this bill to come to the floor o…
during the final quarter of 2017  we had democratic tax policies in force  janet yellen running the fed  dodd frank…
rt  kaneskrew2017   repdannydavis thank you for meeting with us and agreeing to join the congenital heart caucus  chdadvocacy
communities & families across the country deserve real action to address the opioid epidemic  the bipartisan heroin…
president trump s plan to move the u s  embassy in israel to jerusalem threatens american credibility in the region…
let us remember that dr  martin luther king  jr  faced tremendous opposition and many setbacks in the courageous fi…
this is reckless and misguided  250 000  ny03  families rely on the state & local tax deduction  we must fight this 
tomorrow  come to our veterans engagement summit to meet with representatives from the va  receive financial counse…
 scott pruitt has become ridiculous 
in minnesota  when a neighbor is in need  the community steps up  this is why it s no surprise that when 300 minnes…
today  students all over the country  including my son  walked out of their schools demanding lawmakers support gun…
to all who are celebrating today  wishing you and your family a very happy easter 
the people of puerto rico have endured immeasurable pain - from the slow recovery response after hurricane maria to…
scott pruitt has never believed in protecting public health or our environment  special interests have always come…
rt  liuna110  in honor of harry s  truman s birthday  here is one of our favorite quotes of his  president truman harry truman
rt  oversightdems  during sunshine week  we focus on government transparency  but some argue that the trump administration is the most secr…
if 1 in 10 homes in the us installed  epawatersense labeled faucets in their bathrooms  it would save 6b gallons of h2o  w a t e r use act now 
it was great to talk with members of the woodinville rotary today  thank you for sharing what you believe congress…
it was great meeting with the center for dialogue and resolution today to learn more about their services  i ve dec…
mueller time
the senate is voting on net neutrality today at 3pm est  access to a free and open internet is a racial justice i…
rt  duque_omar  at  ushcc legislative summit -  nydiavelazquez speaking now about holding the administration accountable on rebuilding puer…
 chakafattah
bravo   mikaelashiffrin - joining  arielletgold and  redmondgerard as a medalist from colorado  so proud  i have…
this past december  the  fcc was the grinch that stole a free and open internet  there is bipartisan concern and ou…
rt  femaregion9  it s a beautiful morning in  cityofduarte with  gracenapolitano and california emergency managers  universities  public sc…
rt  repdonbeyer  cambridge analytica  - trump campaign s data firm in 2016 - brought in by jared kushner - accessed private data of million…
i want to thank act for women for meeting with my office  it s imperative we do everything we can to protect a woman…
in the event of a military attack   pacificcommand should be the source of the information and the lead in notifica…
icymi  i joined the  ctcapitolreport to discuss st  patrick s day  augie & ray s and my a c t i o n4 service bill  learn…
deeply appalled & saddened by the innocent murders in orlando  my prayers are with the victims of this hate crime and act of terrorism 
don t miss out on your chance to get covered  aca s open enrollment period is now open  head over to…
 ny04  has been speaking out loud & clear against g o p tax scam  calls & letters so far  oppose  1 316 support  3
 2urbangirls  asmmikegipson i m sorry that we weren t there today  we have a schedule for our compton satellite off…
rt  repbarbaralee  by illegally bombing syria  president trump has once again denied the american people any oversight or accountability in…
impressive work underway at  uconnresearch  a team of niuvt engineers are developing an energy-efficient tracking s…
the holidays are a time for renewal  to rejoice and reflect  thankful for your support  i am ready for the many cha…
finally  some long-overdue justice  in the age of me too  abusers everywhere – celebrity or not – must always be he…
and that is exactly what my bill  the promoting women in aviation workforce act  is all about  ensuring education …
trump pardons  scooter  libby in cia leak case  libby leak
rt  kylamandel    repdonbeyer is calling for a hearing on puerto rico recovery   since hurricanes maria and irma  the federal government…
we need to reform our forest management practices and we need to do it now  enough is enough  eagle creek wildfire
my take  act on climate pruitt must go climate change is real
had a great afternoon at the 3rd annual corporate leadership alliance luncheon at the chrysler museum  pictured wit…
a message to mueller  stay strong and stand tall  continue to investigate them all  you are indeed answering the pe…
rt  prochoicecaucus  the reported censorship attempts by these trump administration ideologues are a complete distortion of our country s v…
 as the weeks go by  the voices of change get louder   says-chris powell  a student at…
glad to see a step in the right direction – i continue to work on a permanent fix to protect dreamers https //t co/nwikubqr9u
team gottheimer attended the rededication ceremony for the william c  ryan memorial bridge in bogota to honor marin…
i am holding mobile constituent services hours this month in hollister  watsonville  and soledad  for more informat…
you can also read my full statement on  ahca  on my website 
it s essential that special counsel mueller s russia investigation continue unimpeded by trump and this administra…
rt  joaquincastrotx    devinnunes seems to think it s his job to hit sacrifice flies so  realdonaldtrump can go untouched  he should take a…
i stressed that it s not enough to only look backwards at this crisis  we must take the necessary steps – like pro…

while hundreds of my colleagues were mia  it was important for me to join students this weekend at a…
truly heartbreaking 
1/2 -- the many contributions that asians and pacific islanders have made to the community in silicon valley and to…
president  realdonaldtrump not only gives special access to wealthy lobbyists  he gets paid by them too 
the cbo estimates that the gop tax law alone will add  1 852 trillion to the deficit over a decade  after acctg for…
read about h r  3444 the food recovery act which aims to reduce foodwaste at all levels 
congratulations to  aztec_mbb on its mountain west title and making it to the ncaa tournament  san diego is proud a…
for the full article  d r e a mers protect dreamers comprehensive immigration reform
reminder  taxes are due april 17th this year  here are some resources that may be useful to you as you prepare your…
programming alert  rep cicilline will be on  cnn in a few minutes 
the economic case for passing the dream act is strong  it is not just the right thing to do for our economy  though…
rt  waysmeanscmte  the republican tax law adds  2 3 trillion to our nation s debt  all that irresponsible borrowing can make your life more…
rt  cnnsitroom   life in america should not be the way you re doing it  mr  president  you have a very  very important position in this nat…
so glad i had the chance to host  tommysheppard on the hill this week  looking forward to watching his future in pa…
every child should have the opportunity to grow and learn in a safe  supportive environment  my press conference t…
i have especially appreciated  as have my constituents in  ma3   the bipartisan tradition that annually allows us to…
rt  repjohnlewis  50 years ago today  i learned the painful news that my friend  my mentor  dr  martin luther king  jr  had been assassinat…
on this day  50 years ago  dr  king was in memphis to fight for workers who were demanding fair wages and dignity b…
may marks asian pacific american heritage month  we celebrate and recognize the extraordinary contributions  cultur…
today  the senate may pass a tax bill that effects every american without reviewing the impact it will have on our economy  unacceptable 
rt  kellypow  my capuano sticker on my jacket reminded 2 ppl on the orange line to vote-don t assume everyone will remember-call  vote mike 
in the wake of historic rain and flooding in hawaii  many people have had questions about flood insurance   fema ha…
serena cruz leading the 101 victory celebration    
congratulations to my friend  senduckworth on the birth of maile pearl  your daughters - and young women across the…
today  we pay tribute to one of our nation s most valiant and respected leaders  dr  martin luther king  jr  let us…
rt  onenorthside   repschakowsky and il tax experts explain what to expect post-g o p tax scam this saturday 
rt  wrcommission  immigrant mothers simply seek a better life for their children  we must stop inhumane family separation now  mothers day…
 appropsdems  epascottpruitt because of  epascottpruitt s policies   realdonaldtrump s first year in office has dam…
founded in 1903 in albany  georgia   albanystateuniv is 1 of 10 hbcus in georgia  and 1 of 2 hbcus in georgia s 2nd…
rt  repterrisewell  need more evidence that the g o p tax scam is about giving the rich a tax cut  because republicans are serving it up on a…
it s an honor to welcome president  emmanuelmacron to a joint session of congress this morning  america is fortunat…
rt  huffpost  maxine waters tears into trump  the  most despicable human being 
while i would prefer funding the government through the regular appropriations process  this is a good  bipartisan…
my live telephone town hall is happening tonight at 6 30 p m  mt  i m looking forward to giving constituents an upd…
rt  officialcbc  during b h m& every other month  it s important to remember who and what truly helped make this country great – folks like…
proud to stand with america s students  your voice is making a difference in the fight for action to prevent gun vi…
linda brown left her neighborhood  walked 15 blocks past a white-only school to reach her segregated school   i re…
rt  energycommerce  watch live  health subcommittee markup on 64 opioid bills →
rt  vetaffairsdems  trump should spend less time undermining 2020census & focus on questions that matter   uscensusbureau  if we are to se…
the trump administration s new census question about citizenship could lower the response rate  affect accuracy & i…
rt  hispaniccaucus    repfilemonvela  tx border congressman  calls  1billion borderwall request the most fiscally irresponsible way to pro…

joining  seiu members in support of a  15 minimum wage  the time is now to end the injustice of poverty wages 
rt  tedxrainier   i want you to write your advance directives  don t take death lying down  -  repjimmcdermott
rt  houstonobo  congresswoman sheila jackson lee speaking on supporting smallbusiness owners at  facebook communityboost 
rt  sarahdwire  rep   lorettasanchez  staff says she is returning from a foreign trade trip  which is why she isn t at dems no bill no break…
  speakerryan &  housegop seem to have forgotten that americans will not stand for their attacks on medicare &…
watch live  joining  cheddar to talk about how  housedemocrats are standing up to stop  housegop attack on poor fam…
she spoke for 8 hours and 5 minutes in 4 inch heels because d a c a dreamers kids are worth it  d a c abuster
rt  rulesdemocrats  the  housegop s unacceptable 2018 farm bill attacks our country s most vulnerable by cutting  snap  benefits by over  23…
rt  emgageactionfl  thank you to all who came out to our orlando gala  it was a successful night that would not have been possible without…
want to make our world a better place  here are some opportunities to do just that 
if you clock-in & out  you deserve a fairwage that allows you to survive & even get ahead  coloradans voted to inc…
happy valentines day to all of our veterans and active duty service members  last week i delivered valentines cards…
i m proud to announce that  aug_university research institute  inc  was awarded a  310 950 competitive grant throug…
we celebrated the 5-year anniversary of the chula vista promise neighborhood program and recognized the resident le…
pleased to hear  irsnews has extended the filing deadline to midnight on wednesday  april 18  tax day
 president trump is out of step with the american people  american values — and as this situation has made clear  h…
hey  az09  students  just 2 weeks left to sign up for our congressional art competition  contact our office by frida…
the president and his majority allies in congress need to treat dreamers fairly and avoid a government shutdown  i…
politicians shouldn t lie in general  especially not to our friends and allies  canada is our top trading partner a…
 nytimes gets net neutrality   ajitpaifcc plans to let isps dictate how you use the internet 
congrats to all of the women recognized tonight by the  sanpedrochamber for womens history month  ty for paving the…
rt  scalzi  next 24 hours  every rt this gets  i put  1 in a pot for  simonwiesenthal   naacp   transequality and  splcenter  up to  10k  y…
sleeper  spam sprinters
rt  gensunited    repdannydavis today submitted for the record the report on the role of ssbg in addressing the opioid crisis during the ho…
rt  wttw  icymi  rep  mike quigley on election security  russian interference chicago tonight
russian opposition leader alexi navalny jailed over protest—another example of putin s crackdown on any political…
scott pruitt told congress he doesn t  recall  ordering his security detail to use sirens and flashing lights to cu…
it s one thing for  realdonaldtrump to rescind daca on a whim without any plan to replace it  it is entirely anothe…
continuaré trabajando junto a nuestros aliados  para garantizar que esta propuesta de reglamentación esté incluida en la determinación final
rt  sdut  state bar warns immigrants to watch out for fraudulent legal help
calling for  usdol oversight after careersource allegations 
rt  crampell  the united states is the only — yes  only — advanced economy in the world expected to have its debt burden get worse over the…
proud to have joined community members at a press conference in chicano park this morning  we are standing together…
thank you  mn teachers  for the work you do every day to support your students and our future  this…
rt  katieshuck  congratulations  repmaloney  junior league mary harriman community leader award recipient  jlac18  unstoppable
congratulations to jayna from glastonbury for winning this year s congressional art competition  her piece was insp…
in  housejudiciary  we re discussing the opioid crisis with the  deahq administrator  the dea found most drugs aren…
honored to speak last sunday at the 11th annual men & women s day service at  4thstbaptist church
just heard orr yakobi has been released from  icegov custody  thanks to everyone who got involved  i hope this so…
a g o pshutdown will slow even more  fema recovery efforts in puerto rico & u s virgin islands  it will delay approval…
rt  hfacdemocrats  rm  repeliotengel s statement on the syria strikes 
i don t even know what to say  the absolute best 
amazing things happening at clearwater s own  tech_data - a fortune 500 company driving innovation right here at ho…
rt  spartatap  congressman josh gottheimer joins sussex and warren county law enforcement roundtable
on this remembrance day i call on congress & the us gov to recognize the armenian genocide  we must set an example…
great to meet with dale digennaro from napa & george tribble in washington today with the california association of…
here s baby gracie  a christmas miracle  who had to go through excessive treatment for a respiratory virus  and pne…
while ebola may not be a fixture in the headlines as much anymore  it certainly has not been eradicated  we must c…
rt  repdankildee  four years later  flint families are still recovering from the water crisis and having to use filters & bottled water  in…
rt  housedemocrats  there has been a school shooting nearly every other day in 2018  congress could act now to end gun violence  but repub…
from rebuilding our crumbling roads and bridges to strengthening our schools to expanding access to broadband  a su…
rt  bobbyscott  today is the last day of open enrollment  please visit if you have not already done so and review y…
on yom hashoah  we remember the 6 million innocent jewish men  women&children murdered in the holocaust  in their m…
2/ and i was excited to join the urban-rural coalition that has traditionally made this process a bipartisan one  u…
congratulations representative-elect  goodforflorida  it s now more clear than ever that voters in florida and ac…
due to technical issues  the irs is giving taxpayers an extra day to file and pay taxes  taxes are now due april 18…
rt  whitehouseaapi  today   uscis announced the fil am vets parole policy  paving the way for some families of ww2 vets to be reunited → htt…
rt  housebluedogs  we agree with you   senjohnmccain  a bill that impacts so many american lives should be done in a bipartisan way 
i m hiring one wounded warrior or medically retired veteran for a position in my birmingham office  in congress and…
rt  bpc_bipartisan  see the highlights of our 2018 legislative action awards event  where we acknowledged award recipients  sencorygardner …
last year 8 8 million americans received a tax deduction that helped them afford health care expenses  g o p tax scam…
thanks for having me to talk about how we can lead in promoting 21st century trade policies 
the fire in the  abq  bosque is largely contained  thank you  abqfire for your hard work   nm  appreciates each of y…
rt  usgsvolcanoes  new map of locations of first three eruptive fissures in leilani estates subdivision  hawaii  as of this morning  may 4 …
heading to the dover days festival tomorrow  be sure to stop by our woodburn open house  🗓 details  saturday  may…
8 years later  citizens united has wreaked havoc on our politics and on our democracy  our government needs some se…
applaud dick s sporting goods and walmart for listening to the american people and taking these commonsense actions…
happy national ag day  did you know that california accounts for 2/3 of u s  fruit & nut production  and 1/3 of u s…
paul ryan left out a few details last night when he talked about gop plans for medicare 
rt  irsnews  tax day update   irs  provides an extra day for taxpayers to file and pay their taxes following system issues  file by midnight…
rt  rephanabusa  the real issue here is that the administration ignored one of the most racially motivated periods in american history by d…
can t imagine anything more swamp like  betsy devos is scaling back investigations into for-profit colleges  and  s…
rt  repdavidyoung  i m with  secretarysonny and  chelliepingree for a round table on food waste  as co-founders of the food waste caucus  r…
wonderful time speaking with queens girl scout troops 4297  4272  4274 and 4079 during recent world thinking day ev…
rt  rulesdemocrats   repmcgovern   nearly three-quarters of adults who participate in  snap  in a typical month work in either that month or…
proud to announce over  500k in federal funding to help combat the opioid crisis here in the inland empire 
wishing these scholars from my alma mater  fisk_university the very best luck at the  hcasc national academic tourn…
 vijethiyengar thank you 
infrastructure needs aren t limited to the ground  aviation supports more than 30k wa jobs  i m pleased congress is…
as our hearts are with the victims of the school shooting in maryland  i joined my democratic colleagues to hold a…
rt  oversightdems   repcummings  repjohnconyers  camanalytica  gilesparscale  deeprootx  thedatatrust consultants which provided data analy…
president trump and his administration don t understand the future of the economy or american manufacturing  ohio i…
keeping the bush family in my thoughts and wishing president bush a speedy recovery 
thanks to all  fl07  residents who joined me at our coffee with your congresswoman event at  ucf  it s great to hear…
i made a commitment that i would not support a funding package until we addressed the glaring shortcomings in our i…
russian twitter bot targeted maxine waters  a prominent trump impeachment backer via  thedailybeast
so-called president continues to play political footsie w/ david duke  shameful
i led a bipartisan letter to the leaders of the appropriations subcommittee on transportation  housing and urban de…
it is national park week - and to celebrate   pinnaclesnps national park is offering free admission today  april 21s…
i urge all california local governments & agencies to apply for a new prop56 grant program that aims to reduce the…
rt  oversightdems  top dem members to speaker ryan  fully investigate russia s threat to our democracy and national security 
every year  my friend  repblumenauer brings me fruitcake to keep my spirits high during the holidays  this year  i…
nothing like a beautiful puppy to brighten your day  had a great time visiting  aspca s paws for luck event last wee…
rt  oversightdems  just in   repcummings and gowdy statement on new ig report regarding abuses by senior tsa officials 
  uber  s decision to end forced arbitration of sexual harassment & assault is good news & proof that our movement…
in america  if you have a million dollars or you look like a million dollars  you can get a visa  but if you look…
rt  hfacdemocrats  140 house democrats to trump  follow the law  impose sanctions on russia 
more than 9 million children & their mothers rely on  chip  for quality  affordable healthcare  it is abhorrent for…
dems are ready to work w gop to write a farm bill that meets congress s commitment to growers & to those who consum…
today marks 50 years since the fair housing act was signed into law  this historic legislation created protections…
on average  women are paid just 80 cents for every  1 paid to male counterparts  for women of color  the wagegap i…
i would encourage any individual impacted by the recent flooding to visit this state-sponsored assistance center -…
52 years ago today  the voting rights act of 1965 was signed into law by president lyndon johnson  we must defend a…
remember  while it is star wars day don t try hugging any chewy lookalikes in our national parks  if they appear to…
supremo de eu confirmó decisión del tribunal d apelaciones del 1er circuito q la ley d quiebra criolla invade el campo ocupado por el cap 9 
six years ago today  my father  the late congressman donald payne sr   passed away from colorectal cancer  my fathe…
a brave man whose wound stands out for fact that beneath the skin we are all the same however some are heroic and s…
6 months after maria puerto rico is still in crisis  national attention may have waned  but tens of thousands of amer…
may is national foster care month  as a member of the congressional caucus on foster youth  i am proud to renew my…
it is wrong to roll back the fcc s privacy rule & use the congressional review act in this context  consumers deserve better 
congratulations to the teachers and staff who were presented with certificates for their work at southwest career a…
smart and focused  hcpsrobinsonhs  ib_rhs  robinsonknights students  let them know i have high expectations for th…
proud to cosponsor the gun violence restraining order act  this is a common-sense bill that will help save lives –…
the uw center for human rights  uwchr relies on data collection and research to advance human rights for all  my le…
while  realdonaldtrump and his cronies look to sell our environmental protections to the highest bidder  i m proud…
 cte  fulfills employer needs in high-skill  high-wage  high-demand areas and provides family-sustaining jobs…
rt  cnnnewsroom    lorettasanchez on fourth of july weekend   see something  say something  we are the first defense  
this week  i was proud to unveil my three-part senior security strategy  which will help cut taxes for seniors  pro…
sca was the 1st step in many on the road to criminal justice reform    
rt  sportsguymarv  the youngest chik-fil-a owner in history  at 26 yrs old ashley derby opened her first location and now a 2nd location o…
scrubbing information about breast cancer from shows just how little this administration ca…
rt  edworkforcedems   icymi  this morning  ranking member  bobbyscott spoke at the  nccmp  about the multi-employer pension plan crisis  sav…
rt  repjoecrowley  the g o p tax scam will devastate middle-class americans  it will devastate students  working men and women  and seniors  w…
nearly 3 2 million students attend public charter schools across the country  charter schools week celebrates school…
i will be at long island litfest on sunday  april 29  2018  looking forward to seeing you there …
today we honor the veterans who served in vietnam  and remember the 58 000 americans who sacrificed their lives and…
the assad regime s use of chemical weapons against innocent civilians  including children  was a violation of inter…
take care of yourself  take care of your family  spread the word and help make sure everyone in your community sign…
it s always a pleasure meeting with constituents and discussing their concerns  thank you to everyone who stopped b…
america cannot be a country that allows discrimination against people w/ pre-existing conditions  graham cassidy allows this discrimination 
for world i p day  i was honored to sit down with women music executives to talk about the challenges of being a woma…
congrats to edward noble  n y04 s 2017 congressional app challenge winner for his basic spanish app  so proud of ed…
we passed a strong and bipartisan resolution condemning chechnya and sanctioning the behavior of those involved  t…
in mn alone  16k vets receive  snap  benefits  if we let one be denied the basic human necessity of a meal  we are f…
pearl harbor remembrance day we remember a day of great pain  sacrifice and courage and with reverence the lives lost on that violent day 
thanks  cappress  sens   ronwyden &  senatortomudall for joining today s call to discuss reforming the federal coal program coal royalties
were it not for those debilitating bone spurs    
rt  repteddeutch  last night  our community stood together with the mourning families  now  we must turn our thoughts and prayers into acti…
my guess is trump just doesn t understand how the government works  after about a year in office  that isn t a dif…
rt  kamalaharris  the continuing blackouts in puerto rico are the worst in american history  we have failed our fellow citizens 
so much for the start of spring 
thousands of people joined the long beach march for our lives  if you can speak out— speak out  if you can march— ma…
tune into  nhpr at 11 00am today to listen to the  wordofmouth me too nh episode with  verginger  thank you virgini…
rt  freshenergy  adding organic matter to our soil  helping it capture more carbon  thank you to  rephuffman for introducing a bill that wo…
important discussion today—thanks for having me 
saddened by the passing of former first lady barbara bush  a woman of wit and strength who loved her family and her…
rt  efillercorn  impressive student leaders at  gerryconnolly students demand action town hall meeting
today s small business week feature is the village of flossmoor  home to family-owned meijer  siam thai  lou malnati…
stay loud  this isn t because  realdonaldtrump has found religion  it s because you care and the pressure is on 
fact  just one year ago  trump and republicans repealed a rule to keep firearms out of the hands of some people deemed mentally ill 
many soldiers are engaged in high skilled jobs while in the military  my veterans advisory committee asked for my h…
it was good to meet with  lacosheriff  thank you for all your great work to keep our communities safe 
rt  frankvitoragone  congratulations   brownformd for your win  thank you for supporting all of us with  ms  in the 4th district  accessto…
tune in  coming up next on  cbs46  atlpluggedin for  ga13  health fair info 
el grupo de trabajo congresional sobre el desarrollo económico de pr extendió el plazo para presentar propuestas hasta el 14 de octubre 
you work hard for your paycheck  and of course you hate paying taxes  but it s even worse watching your hard earned…
i want to send my condolences to the family  friends and first responder community of state trooper kevin miller wh…
this is cruel  this is heartless  this is trump 
rt  abc  james shaw jr   the hero of the april 22 waffle house shooting  has raised over  183 000 for victims of the deadly attack 
an accurate 2020census is critical to our nation  and the political decision by the trump administration to add an…
rt  elenaglez_  la congresista por california  normajtorres ha presentado el proyecto de ley stop predatory bail contracts act para acabar…
i ll never forget that meeting with ryan where he detailed the unscrupulous operators and unethical treatment pract…
i ve introduced the filipino veterans fairness act to support our  aapi  war heroes and their families  tell me how yo…
check out this jellyfish adrift in a vast ocean by shelby from  mesdschools   cac2018  congressional art competition
thank you to greg peters and joan gibson from keysight technologies in santa rosa for stopping by to discuss your w…
fighting for the people against  hr620   protecting the rights of americans with disabilities 
rt  kelliemeyernews  usvi rep   staceyplaskett opens the discussion at  oas_official on rebuilding the caribbean after the hurricane season…
it has reduced its stockpile of enriched uranium to no more than 300 kilograms enriched no higher than 3 67 percent…
 aca  is the civil rights act of 21st century  putting discrimination back into healthcare is a backwards step that history will not forgive 
but a little known court case on friday could stop the whole thing 
we can solve homelessness  but too often  nimbyism stands in the way of solutions  we need everyone in  today i am…
congratulations to james dean jr  on being selected  uofnh s next president  we wish you the best and thank your pr…
today  i met with the family of kissimmee police officer matthew baxter  last year  officer baxter lost his life in…
breakfast with canadian members of parliament  attended the labor & legislators summit  and visited with the canadi…
rt  edshow  ➨ 45 minutes to edshow w/ jyangnbc   repjimmcdermott   scclemons on terrorthreat d h sshutdown at 5pet/4pct/3pmt/2ppt on  msnb…
congrats to businesses in ca-52 that were just awarded over  11 million in cal competes tax credits from  cagobiz t…
at today s oversight cmte hearing on 2020 census  john gore  doj political appointee behind the citizenship q  didn…
praying for my good friend and mentor   senatorreid  and his entire family  wishing him a full and speedy recovery 
last week  i had the opportunity to see nuro s exciting new autonomous vehicle technology in person at sleep train…
equal pay for equal work not only the right thing to do  it s the economic thing to do  on equal pay day let s work…
rt  completenevadan  mineral county independent-news  rep  kihuen visits schurz elementary school
and just when we thought they had already gone low  they go lower  we just witnessed the political crucifixion of t…
our team was honored to attend the renaming of balsz elementary after an american hero  pat tillman  congratulation…
on earth day18 we recommit ourselves to the protection and preservation of our shared land  air  water and wildlife…
i m proud to launch the entrepreneurship caucus  we ve got to become more entrepreneurial and we ve got to make it…
today we remember all of those who lost their lives and bravely responded on 9/11 
need health insurance  tomorrow is the last day to enroll in a health plan for 2018  find a plan that works for you…
our san joaquin valley is blessed w/ the rich culture & countless contributions of our vibrant immigrant communitie…
make sure you never miss an update from me  subscribe to my  youtube channel to see my floor remarks and interviews…
icymi  i raised a number of privacy concerns i have with the way facebook manages our personal data yesterday durin…
rt  capac   capac  member  repmaloney says the idea of the citizenship question is not about voting rights  it s about being unfair to commu…
today is hunger action day - in the year 2016  absolutely no child should go hungry end hunger hunger action month
trump russia this stinks to high heaven  the truth is closing in and the coverup is falling apart  collusion…
amidst the chaos and alarming reversal of progress  i believe that 2018 will be the year in which we protect our de…
congratulations  senduckworth on your newest addition  you re a true example of the countless ways that working mom…
congratulations   senduckworth 
i met w/students from marjory stoneman douglas in my dc office  they re in our nation s capital for today s march f…
taking tim and karen harris and their girls grace  mollie and devon through the white house this morning in support…
rt  ilrf    repjayapal is the first indian-american congresswoman  as well as one of few congresspeople born outside the united states  we…
millions around the world stand with the armenian community to honor  remember  and demand justice for…
i oppose hr 1  the gop tax bill that its supporters claim will create big tax cuts for the middle class  it actuall…
rt  jhurbanhealth  50 years later   repcummings will join a panel of national leaders to reflect on the significant events of 1968 that sp…
rt  ohiochc  what a great opportunity to see  repmarciafudge - thank you for always seeing the value c h cs bring 
fact  americans are 25x more likely to be shot & killed w/a gun than people in other developed countries…
we will be working on the  ndaa  through the day and night  watch live here 
rt  fentriced  inspirational night with friends at the children s home society s imagine gala in support of joshua house & mort elementary …
clinics like  pphp provide medical services to thousands of people in the hv every year  we can t let the political…
by a vote of 9-4  a 2nd federal court has ruled that trump s muslim ban is  unconstitutionally tainted with animus…
rt  chicagosmayor  today  repgutierrez and i are leading a delegation of local officials on a humanitarian visit to puerto rico to support…
wishing good luck to the students of  ddmsbuzz as they participate in  doescience s 2018 national science bowl  the…
happy 65th birthday to  uakron s own zippy    long before today she s held a place of honor in my dc office 👀 
shortly  i ll be on  bloombergtv with  sheryahnnews and  davidwestin to talk about president trump s appearance at…
new off the cuff podcast  i speak with  repmcgovern and  chelliepingree about what we d like to see in the 2018…
today is world press freedom day—important we remember cases like wa lone and kyaw soe oo in burma   reuters journali…
did you know that may is older americans month  learn more on how to engage at any age and celebrate…
though this spending bill is far from perfect it includes many priorities and resources that will strengthen ohio …
these women  along with men and women from across the merrimack valley went on to fight fearlessly for workers  rig…
rt  jrosenworcel  according to the  fcc there are 24 million americans without access to broadband today  how about infrastructure plan…
no woman or man should fear that she or he might face their attacker alone  stop the abuse domestic violence awareness month
learned the hard way to never follow  johncena on  jimmykimmellive  tune in tonight at 11 35pm 
i just published  fsu v boise game a huge win for jacksonville 
my favorite ballerina has her first recital tomorrow
each day brings a new story about how epa administrator pruitt has put his own interests above those of the america…
great to see the portrait of dudley dudley hung in the new hampshire state house  dudley is a trailblazer and inspi…
this weekend is the annual minnesota fishing opener  there s nothing quite like the tradition of fishing on one of…
russian interference of our democracy isn t a republican or democratic issue – it s an american issue  what happene…
the women s congressional policy institute  wcpi  is recruiting fellows for its 2019 congressional fellowships on w…
good news  despite republicans  repeated attempts to sabotage the affordable care act  more than 233 000 ohioans si…
with sister jean on our side  coach porter moser calling our shots  and the ramblers exhibiting the team work and a…
the president s view to the contrary is ignorant as well as bigoted  all americans need to speak out to condemn thi…
april is national social security month  learn more about  socialsecurity tonight through a live facebook discussio…
opioid overdoses have become one of the leading causes of death in our country  killing an average of 115 americans…
congress has got to invest in our failing water systems  there is no more time to waste  dont forget flint
wednesday night i met with  holyoke_chamber at  garyromehyundai to discuss the economy on both the national level…
thankfully  the trump budget request stands little to no chance of being enacted 
rt  dispatchalerts  tax relief available for homeowners hit by storm
during asian pacific american heritage month  i join in celebrating the diverse cultures that form a critical part…
rt  usatodayopinion  from  repjoekennedy  donald trump and republicans are trying to gut medicaid and its role covering treatment for menta…
on nov  13  1956   scotus  unanimously affirmed ruling that segregated bus laws in montgomery  al  to be unconstitut…
we made our valentines for veterans deliveries at  vadetroit &  vaannarbor & the cards made by local students broug…
rt  googledoodles   just like moons and like suns  with the certainty of tides  just like hopes springing high  still i ll rise   -dr  maya…
rt  officialcbc  what s better than one african american on the senate judiciary committee  two  *in our  s_c_ voice* yes  we re still cele…
the state of our union is heartless and cruel 
free health fair offers life-saving screenings via  wsbtv
today  repteddeutch  who represents parkland  joined  mayorbowser   joshuamhorwitz & me to demand that  marcorubio…
rt  reptimwalz  2 million people will have their access to food threatened if the  housegop passes their hyper-partisan farm bill  that s…
 singhizhem staff  actually  rep  garamendi did publicly call for obama to seek congressional approval for any acti…
on tax day  i spoke out against the republican tax scam  which rewards those at the very top at the expense of work…
tillerson  spicer  flynn  price  scaramucci  bannon  gorka  porter  cohn   bebest
four years later  flint families still must use filters & bottled water  in the richest country in the world  that …
best of luck to  westfield_ma native  kbells22 and the rest of  usahockey  opening ceremonies for pyeong chang2018…
right now  you can still apply to renew your daca  if you meet the requirements to apply for daca renewal  you shou…
some advice  if you find yourself in the position of attacking the motives of students who survived a massacre week…
great interview of  sarahemcbride on npr s  nprfreshair sarah is an important leader in the fight for achieving true equality for all   hrc
on friday  i hosted a briefing in partnership with the  lufthansa group   lsgskychefs  and  gacc_midwest on expandi…
i posted 2 photos on facebook in the album  10th annual sergeant barrientes middle school celebration 
tomorrow  team clark invites you to our monthly office hours dedicated to helping seniors with any assistance they…
   but  the trump order discriminates against those identified as muslims  following their faith 
happy mothers day to all the moms and grandmothers who do so much for all of us  let s also take time to think abou…
corporations shouldn t be able to decide what programs you watch  what news you read  what music you hear  and what…
rt  angelawoolsey2  local student activists discuss gun violence and ongoing work of building a movement at town hall with  gerryconnolly h…
rt  rulesdemocrats  the  housegop s unacceptable 2018 farm bill attacks our country s most vulnerable by cutting  snap  benefits by over  23…
career and technical education equips students with the vital skills that demanding jobs require and prepare them for…
congratulations to my friend mayor  robertgarcialb  the superman of long beach  on your re-election 
i am pleased that the administration has retaliated against russia for the brazen attacks they have launched on wes…
rt  repgregorymeeks  i just introduced h r  5106  a bill that would require public companies to disclose substantial financial relationship…
rt  gretchencarlson  i m with you  repcheri international womens day
proud to lead this bipartisan and bicameral effort with  sengillibrand and more than 20 of my colleagues to protect…
dear taxpayer  you work hard every day to provide for your family  in the interest of transparency  we thought you…
lead in the water at home *and* school is a dire situation we must protect children from  rt if you agree …
great step forward on a change long overdue 
i got to live out a childhood fantasy today   flying  an f-35  this was an incredible demonstration  i have such re…
looking for the nearest sandbag distribution centers  make sure to call ahead to check for availability 
rt  thebizjournal  ryan signs on as cosponsor of  frac  act  hydraulic fracturing fracking community health safe water  reptimryan
one year ago   housegop cruelly celebrated passing a bill that would have stripped health insurance from 1 2 millio…
very unfortunate as this undermines protections for those with a disability and their civil rights protections 
i am calling on chairman  ajitpaifcc to delay the vote to repeal net neutrality 
judge ruth bader ginsburg encountered constant gender discrimination throughout her personal life  education  and c…
rt  wecounsellemont  thank you  replipinski for celebrating our blue ribbon school with us today   lhs210principal  lhs210supt go lemont htt…
congrats to the  pghsymphony on two grammy wins  it s a well-deserved tribute to this outstanding organization  an…
this veterans day  and every day  i m grateful to our nation s veterans and their families for their dedication  sacrifice  and service 
join us  on wednesday  april 4th  i invite you to join a video conference about the omnibus approps act of 2018 to…
tune in now to news radio  1190kex where i ll be taking to mark mason about what s going on in washington 
en entrevista con carmen jovet hoy a las 10 35 hora de pr y 9 35 hora de ny y el este   notiuno y
ending tps for 57 000 hondurans is another callous decision by the trump administration  honduran citizens in the…
it takes a village to raise a child  and i m grateful to have the villagers out in force today for our community yo…
getting fully involved in another middle east conflict absolutely demands congressional approval  which is why i ha…
  epascottpruitt is the clearest example of the culture of corruption we see on a daily basis from the trump adminis…
don t believe  realdonaldtrump for a minute  he wanted to fire andrew mccabe in december and did it this spring …
the g o p tax scam exploded annual deficits by  2 trillion – and now  housegop wants to fill the gap by ransacking med…
my top priority has always been looking out for the working families across san bernardino county  and i believe my…
proud to stand in solidarity with the students today to say never again  gun violence should not be tolerated and s…
rt  kamalaharris  it s time to make equal pay a reality in america  equal pay day
there are extreme forces in american democracy that are attempting to thwart the will of voters  that is why we nee…
rt  housedemocrats  live now   repjoecrowley   nancypelosi  and  davidcicilline host their weekly press conference 👉
the deadline for the 2018 congressional art competition is coming up  high school students in the 2nd congressional…
⚡️  national gun violence walkout 
don t wait  you and your family may qualify for a plan that s cheaper than you think  but time is running out  go t…
 hr620  undermines the civil rights of americans with disabilities by making it harder to enforce their rights to ac…
proud to announce this grant which will provide elf zone inc  in loma linda with critical cancer research funding 
rt  repteddeutch  horrific reports of another chemical attack in syria  this time on a hospital  assad is a ruthless dictator with no regar…
as we recognize the anniversary of flint  where state and federal support came years after the contamination of loc…
moms dont need some half-baked idea for paid leave  concocted by an administration that couldn t care less about wom…
great to see the work anderson quality springs is doing to create jobs in canby and produce advanced manufacturing…
our men & women in uniform undertake enormous sacrifices to keep us safe  in return  we promise a fair shot at a go…
great to catch up with former newport news mayor and president/ceo of the virginia chamber of commerce  barry duval…
today and everyday  thank you to the men and women who sacrifice so much so that the rest of us can have peace and freedom  veterans day
last month i brought clinical therapist faith ann rys to the state of the union address to bring attention to the r…
we should be working to bolster pgrms like medicare  that s why i intro d medicare buy in w  repjoecourtney &…
today w/  repkathleenrice we re calling for the  fbi to investigate the questionable campaign payments made by…
as a member of the blue dog coalition  i launched a special task force on rural america to help achieve commonsense…
rt  msnbc  watch   repswalwell says vp pence s call to end the russia investigation is  extremely irresponsible for somebody who should kn…
this morning  i was proud to join  bgov and my colleague  repwalberg for an engaging conversation about the bill he…
rt  houseradiotv  news conference   repdarrensoto  chc members  et al on military and veteran spouses deportations  media rsvp to oriana pi…
with  nygovcuomo   ricardorossello & members of the ny congressional delegation continuing to support puerto rico s…
i am ashamed to be a member of the us house of representatives on a day when we have yet another school massacre  i…
trump s nefarious immigration plans don t solely target undocumented immigrants--but legal ones as well  by determi…
gop blew up bipartisan  urban-rural coalition essential to passing a farm bill through both chambers & risk doing i…
john kelly needs to resign 
today i stopped by the nw school of wooden boatbuilding in port hadlock  for 40 yrs  the boat school has equipped f…
today i m signing the abandoned cultural property act— legislation that started as a policy brief assignment by…
on this day in 1952 i came at the age of 8 from puerto rico to new york  on this day in 1990 i became a member of congress 
no surprise here   govwalker wants  speakerryan to cut the programs many wisconsinites rely on to make ends meet …
rt  repjayapal  while they cut taxes for the wealthy  republicans want to cut the supplemental nutrition assistance program  food stamps  b…
rt  robinlynnekelly  this is it  today is your last chance to sign up for affordable 2018 health coverage  go to and…
wishing a happy birthday to my friend   repteddeutch  thank you for your commitment to supporting the students of m…
school library month and national library week are a time to celebrate all that libraries can transform – minds  cl…
rt  nmpaorg  happening now  watch the  housejudiciary markup of the music modernization act here 
  repjimcosta  happy birthday  proud to join you in your fight for our country s farmers 
joined by  repmikejohnson on bipartisan bill to help israel combat growing threat of drone attacks  urgent action n…
happy teacher appreciation day to all of n v03 s wonderful teachers  thank you for your dedication to our kids and t…
today  i filed a friend of the court brief in support of the plaintiffs  stay of removal in hamama v  homan  i was…
rt  dougjones  proud to support this legislation to explicitly ban discrimination against  lgbt  people when it comes to employment  housing…
thanks to everyone who came out to my redlands town hall last night  your input makes me a better rep for the  ie  
as we stand together as one nation  under god  i would like to extend my heartfelt wishes to the muslim community a…
fact  the g o p tax bill overwhelmingly benefits the super-wealthy and well-connected 
the revelations of corruption  incompetence and cronyism coming out of the white house are so frequent it s hard to…
 repdinatitus same here  and my office stocked up on cookies  just in case  omnibus
thank you   repanthonybrown  for highlighting the importance of taking meaningful steps to address poverty & expand…
rt  apainc  since it was signed in 2008  the second chance act has been the foundation for smart  sensible criminal justice reform  learn mo…
rt  repsandylevin  today  i along w/  repdankildee   repdebdingell &  replawrence sent a letter to mi gov snyder expressing concerns over l…
if this doesn t show that declassifying the misleading nunes memo was a politically motivated stunt  i don t know w…
 2/2  thanks to the parents  coaches and players for their participation and bravo to the deer hill band for a spir…
rt  replujangrisham  for every year we don t have equal pay  a hispanic woman will lose over  25k  close the wage gap & fight for trabajad…
rt  housejuddems  🚨  breaking  🚨  housegop passes  hr4712   a bill  like many other  gop  bills in recent years  designed to deny women access…
thank you to  greencountyedc for hosting a roundtable this week  your dedication to assisting and expanding the bus…
when the gop talk about priorities  we won t forget that the tax cuts given to the top 1% under the g o p tax scam are…
ag committee ranking member peterson  we will take your suggestions back to dc with us  we will take this back for…
4 394 173 michiganders live with a pre-existing condition  if trumpcare had become law  they would have faced disc…
please call us at  916  635-0505 or visit to learn more  10/ [end] veteans day
today marks the beginning of the 2018 midterm election season  we can help states take steps to secure our election…
hoy con mayor fuerza mis oraciones y las de mi esposa  mecpierluisi están con nuestros hermanos de república dominicana  cuba y haití 
the johnson amendment protects the integrity of houses of worship & other charitable organizations   1/4 
fight to protect our care   2/2 
happy easter to you and your loved ones  today is to reflect on hope  new life and renewal 
  usdol  secretaryacosta has proposed to let employers pocket the tips of their employees  that is outrageous 
tune into  cspan this evening between 5pm and 6pm to watch the debate on my bill – the kennedy king establishment a…
rt  maziehirono  today  i joined my colleagues in honolulu for an important field hearing on january s false missile alert  over the past t…
don t forget  open enrollment in california ends on january 31st  visit to find the best pl…
rt  hfacdemocrats  rm  repeliotengel   repcummings  and  senatormenendez demand an investigation into the  statedept  cleaning  of career e…
5 ways you can resist this week 
for teacher appreciation week  we celebrate and recognize the countless contributions educators make to better stude…
i stand with the public defenders speaking out against ice s predatory tactics at courthouses in queens  the…
rt  vetaffairsdems  trump should spend less time undermining 2020census & focus on questions that matter   uscensusbureau  if we are to se…
rt  housedemocrats  thanks for taking part in ask house dems  chairman  repjoecrowley has a message for  sr_simone on what we must do to me…
arizonans deserve to know who funds the ads in their facebook news feeds  just like on tv  i cosponsored the…
exhorto a mis colegas a votar a favor de esta legislación
the  nfugrr is designed to help visitors learn and grow as individuals  while at the same time growing opportunitie…
since then  the trump administration has worked relentlessly to sabotage the law – which has only led to higher pre…
today  i introduced legislation to boost the growth of the national fab lab network and provide access to the tools…
rt  memorybrain_uw  thanks to  repadamsmith for visiting our center to discuss alzheimers research  we focused on the value of continuing…
the allegations made yesterday against the now former ag were dark and deeply troubling  violence against women can…
president trump s indifference towards russia s attack on our democracy breeds incompetence across his administrati…
rt  sams_usa  the aerial bombardment campaign over aleppo continues  92 killed today  including children  medical personnel & hospitals ar…
rt  transportdems  icymi  ranking member  reppeterdefazio and  homelanddems rm  benniegthompson sent a letter to pres  trump regarding debr…
this week alone over 400 wisconsinites have called  emailed  or written letters strongly opposing trumpcare  wrong for w i
watch  repespaillat video tribute to congresswoman louise slaughter via  youtube
tens of thousands of students are taking to the streets in cities across the nation and in one hour— the students w…
rt  j_rivera2017  some members of congress usually don t have time for a 5-minute conversation with a 21-year old college student   repkihu…
the internet doesn t belong to  ajitpaifcc and  realdonaldtrump  we need to save the internet  the fight for a free…
rt  housejuddems   icymi    repjerrynadler &  repzoelofgren s statement on trump administration decision to end temporary protected status f…
 cinnamonbaby__ looking forward to visiting  also  you and your class are invited to visit us for a personal tour of the capitol 
rt  waysmeanscmte  today  the ways and means committee will consider a series of bipartisan bills that strengthen and modernize the irs  im…
happy orthodox easter to all those celebrating  to my fellow greeks  kaló páscha 
i can think of at least one concrete action that trump s epa can take in honor of upcoming earth day  boot pruitt …
  speakerryan  give the american people a vote on commonsense gun violence legislation  we must act  no bill no break
rt  repmarkpocan   most sweeping action in history to lower drug prices for the american people      realdonaldtrump can t even start this…
loebsack announces start of online voting for 2017 congressional art contest
socalgas should not be responsible for conducting research on the future of the aliso canyon natural gas storage fa…
here s another example of the trump administration putting wealthy special interests ahead of hardworking students…
rt  hfacdemocrats  rm  repeliotengel s remarks on the house floor in support of his bill  the no assistance for assad act  which passed the…
pleased to see iraqis voting today  dc soldiers fought and died to help secure that democratic right  yet they and…
this morning i spoke to  theciab s legislative summit about commercial insurance and what the g o p tax bill means for…
fuel economy standards not only help the environment  but help increase investment in our manufacturing sector  cal…
the disingenuousness of prime minister netanyahu s claim that the new u s  embassy is any part of a  pursuit of pea…
titan up  what a second half 
rt  davofmn  representative tim walz speaking to our members at dav mn convention 2018  — at canadian honker events at apache
i ll be going live with  buzzfeednews  am2dm  at 10am et  i m looking forward to sharing what the  officialcbc is wo…
rt  edworkforcedems   read  today  house democratic leaders unveiled  a better deal  tools to succeed in the 21st century   read more here  h…
6 400 workers in fl are honduran tps holders  in the two decades that they have lived in the united states  they ve…
rt  ucirvine  uci freshman chemistry student &  daca  recipient leslie martinez will join  reploucorrea as his guest at tonight s  sotu  urge…
this national women s health week  we are reminded of the importance of routine check-ups and healthy habits  i m f…
rt  townnewsguy  windsor high students singing along to john lennon s imagine  national school walkout
if you said what donald trump said today the secret service would be knocking on your door right now 
today   ajitpaifcc published his order to completely repeal net neutrality protections  he has now set in stone the…
today we thank the millions of hardworking americans who keep our country thriving  happy labor day 
investing in public health – everything from vaccines to seat belts – has made us a safer  healthier country  as a…
wonderful to join  nhnonprofits impact awards tonight to honor incredible contributions of individuals & organizati…
former first lady barbara bush lived a long and great life in service to others  i extend my condolences to the bush family 
with the balanced budget amendment   housegop wants to leave families and workers holding the bag for their  2 tril…
new mexico is known as the land of enchantment because of our people  beautiful landscapes  clear skies  and fresh…
having a great time at  powerrising18 with my  officialcbc sisters and colleagues   repwilson and  repterrisewell …
d r e a mers  today is the deadline for renewal  my colleagues & i have your backs & we ll fight to pass the d r e a m act…
i came to congress because i care about the people of alabama s 7th district  and i want to grow jobs  strengthen e…
rt  oversightdems  hurricane season is approaching   staceyplaskett asked  fema official  are we prepared for a hurricane in the virgin isl…
no  you did it   astrostarbright  you are a remarkable reflection of the jacksonville community  with you as a lea…
i successfully incorporated  fy19ndaa  amendment to determine how  deptofdefense can integrate new technologies – bi…
senate votes today on legislation to save fair & open internet from  fcc s dismantling of net neutrality  house res…
 our country expects and deserves a state dept  that upholds its mission to advance the national interests of the u…
     5 4 billion in total funding for all of our fantastic community health centers across the country and in the 8…
rt  faithpepp  great to visit with  sanfordbishop staff today  they care about ga agriculture and farmers 
proud to stand with  repyvetteclarke to honor chisholmin u s capitol 
i m joining  teamcavuto on  foxbusiness today at 1 35 pm et/10 35 am pt to discuss syria  the trump vs  california…
visit team titus at the s a l t  council senior safety fair at  samstownlv today till 12pm  constant contact  nv01 
i had another great supermarket saturday listening to hardworking families at the hy-vee in milan 
join me and ram for senate for a gotv event on sunday 
rt  dennisgmoriarty   drdenagrayson  alangrayson more healthy progressives leading the fight for humanity
congratulations senator elect  gdouglasjones on this inspirational victory for decency over bigotry  with this win …
we must harness 21st century technology and solutions to rebuild america s roads  bridges and ports  democrats have…
2 million people will have their access to food threatened if the  housegop passes their hyper-partisan farm bill …
proud to join my colleagues and be an original cosponsor of h r  5607  the handgun licensing and registration act o…
1/2 -- during better hearing and speech month we can all raise awareness about communication disorders  this year t…
 realdonaldtrump today  the 2nd district is opening an  amazon facility creating 2 000 new jobs in monee …
deeply saddened to learn about passing of esteemed journalist & newscaster  pbs  newshour s gwen ifill - our voice of reason   rip 
rt  rachelgonkcmo  congressman cleaver   repcleaver  and  mayorslyjames today at march for our lives k c i still can t believe i was part of t…
the school resource officer in parkland who stood outside while a mass shooting took place was suspended and resign…
i m pleased to announce five  neaarts grant awards totaling more than  900 000 for organizations in maine s 1st co…
so sorry i couldn t be there to celebrate with you and san diego  i m very happy for you and us   toniatkins
happy easter from my family to yours 
since taking office  the trump administration has systematically dismantled defenses for working people against pol…
this international worker day i am honored to come from a union family and have had the opportunity to fight to prot…
i m so proud of oak ridge high school students zion  tatiana  gedeon  hans  and daniel  who are florida s state cha…
i sent a letter to the dept of justice urging them to block sinclair s dramatic expansion plans  as we saw with the…
rt  rosadelauro  the ideas democrats are pushing for aren t controversial  we should be helping our veterans  we should be fighting the opi…
50th anniversary of the my lai massacre has me thinking that great nations  like great people  should prize reckoni…
equal pay day is only part of the story  black women & latinas have to work even longer to reach their own…
trump &  dhsgov must be held accountable for  fema s failure to oversee disaster response  recovery and ensure adeq…
rt  senmarkey  while the broadband ceos are toasting to the repeal of net neutrality   repannaeshoo and i are getting ready to file an amic…
 uscbo congressional republicans also threw in some nasty anti-environment provisions including weakened protection…
and massachusetts has been a leader in treatment and prevention nationwide  while interdiction and law enforcement…
kyle duncan  trump s nominee for the fifth circuit  has a long history of opposing civil rights  i led a cbc letter…
take a look at the submissions for my congressional art competition  it s clear we have a tremendous amount of tale…
public science helps us see how laws & policies impact american families & our communities  we need to know if tha…
my final vote as a member of the u s  house of representatives to bring clean water to the children of flint  mi & keep govt open  grateful
congrats to  camdencc s class of 2018  honored to speak at commencement & announce the new alumni trustee  khyia…
very moving story about holet family of new mexico  my favorite part of the speech so far 
rt  longbeachpost    supjanicehahn today offered the award for anyone with information that can lead to the conviction of the hit-and-run d…
if you weren t able to attend  you can share your comments with me here  you can also wat…
i am proud to work alongside  repmarcykaptur  i want to congratulate her for being the longest-serving women in hou…
rt  kylegriffin1  maxine waters leads a group of democrats pressing steve mnuchin s treasury dept  to provide info relating to potential mo…
rt  repdwightevans  tmrw  10am  my colleague on the  housesbcdems ranking member  nydiavelazquez will be joining me for a women business ow…
rt  wagnernancy  honoring  congressmanraja at feded for his support of public education 
rt  anna_boroff  thx 2  usda secretary vilsack 4 joining  reptimwalz  collinpeterson  amyklobuchar  alfranken &  mnagriculture & talkingfa…
today  we commemorate the 50th anniversary of the assassination of rev  dr  martin luther king  jr  dr  king dedica…
trump s immigration approach is pretty simple  if you are white  you re alright  if you are brown  you are lower…
had a great time yesterday visiting with folks at the greater waukegan development coalition cincode mayo festival …
the trump admin will stop at nothing to undermine our health care system   cmsgov s recent rule change will lower p…
join us  next week   tamiu and i will be hosting the 2018 stem alliance annual event for educators and students in…
  mhaoferieco ex dir ken houseknecht said the agencies partnering w/  jrchbuffalony at 1021broadway will support 5…
rt  mikewferguson  i m here in haines city for a civil rights forum  which will touch on voting rights restoration for felons  those speaki…
happy teacher appreciation week to all of the amazing teachers in sacramento and across the country 
the law only deterred because some people were afraid it would be implemented  that fear is now gone  not to mentio…

from my family to yours  we wish you a happy easter with friends and family 
yesterday  i took part in a veterans day ceremony in greenlawn  so many people out honoring our vets this weekend …
congratulations to jashua veerasammy and arun budhoo  juniors at thomas edison high school in jamaica  queens  for…
as a woman  i am deeply offended by bs attacks on  repstratton5 who beat ilgop by being strong smart & relentless 
back then  i was tasked with the responsibility of approaching it from a criminal side  but i learned this is much…
a huge thank you to the organizers of tonight s racial justice forum as well as rcc for hosting and sheriff…
i encourage all members of the baltimore community to take part in the public comment period  open through january…
republican tax cuts are failing small businesses
this week  the house will vote on a five-year faa reauthorization bill  my top priorities include helping the aviat…
 centeronbudget  amermedicalassn  aarp i encourage you to share your story by replying to this tweet or by using protect our care 14/
on my way to vote against the g o p tax scam  the leaders of the  people s house  are about to cut taxes for corporati…
team castro attended a presentation organized by  lisc_sa  bexarcounty  westcarewecare texas  and recast to discuss…
rt  eastcarolina  in honor of national nurses week  take a look at the excellence in health care that  ecunursing brings to pirate nation  t…
   y que llegue a manos del presidente a ser convertida en ley a la mayor brevedad posible 
when asked by me &  repjoekennedy during an  energycommerce hearing  the trump administration wouldn t commit to re…
it s transgender dayof visibility - a time to raise awareness and celebrate the millions of transgender people  i m…
proud of my original co sponsorship of this life saving / changing legislation  
i m grateful to the firefighters  first responders  and all of those who are battling the chetco bar fires and others on the front lines 
a house divided cannot stand and that s why we come together today  thank you  whiphoyer for supporting…
wishing the muslim community a peaceful and blessed ramadan 
it was great to have michael woody  ceo of cranston s trans-tex  and his colleagues come into the office yesterday…
60% of the benefits in your g o p tax scam go to 5% of north carolinians  looking forward to hearing how a  2 3 trilli…
today  president emmanuel macron delivered an excellent statement  macron s tough emphasis on protecting the envir…
don t forget to votes in for your favorite piece of art before our congressional art competition showcase next satur…
proud of the  cuesta_college drama dept for winning 9 awards at the kennedy center american college theater festiva…
rt  adalewhittaker1   repstephmurphy  ucf thank you representative murphy  i appreciate your partnership and dedication to lifting lives i…
rt  nationalcouncil  congresswoman  gracenapolitano is here to kick off this afternoon s congressional briefing on  mhfirstaidusa  be the di…
rt  housedemocrats  on holocaust remembrance day we pause to remember the 6 million jewish people and countless others who were murdered dur…
rt  socal_redcross  blood donations are urgently needed for hospital patients  please make an appt  give now
proud to join anti-poverty  labor  civil rights  faith  and progressive leaders for a rally against trump s budget…
the way forward has never been more clear  we desperately need leaders who will put country ahead of party  stop th…
rt  brandikruse  u s   repadamsmith on president trump s decision to expel russian diplomats  close consulate in seattle   i give him due c…
when it comes to tax policy  our goal should be simplifying taxes  creating jobs  and helping main street  unfortun…
the senate has the chance to save the internet today  we can get there if we all raise our voices for net neutrality…
congrats to  lowellhigh air force jr  rotc on becoming the 2018 afjrotc national champions  this remarkable achieve…
great convo happening now on the pell divide w/ thirdwayedu  pell grants are a great tool  but the tool is getting…
mahalo stacey hayashi  dean sensui  & ron darby for inviting me to be part of this westpac documentary team rep takai
proud to have  uminjurycenter in washington today to discuss the work injury prevention centers are doing in mi & a…
making it easier for businesses to pay workers less doesn t make sense  working families need every dollar they ear…
epa administrator pruitt s severe ethical issues aren t stopping him from meeting his real goals  weakening environ…
enjoyed talking with  thereval on  politicsnation this morning  from president trump s war on those in need to gove…
rt  nancypelosi  this is completely false  the gop 2018 farm bill cuts over  23 billion in snap benefits from hungry americans 
last night  another court struck down the president s cruel decision to end  daca   while this is encouraging  it is…
colleagues & i recently urged  speakerryan to explain support for  realdonaldtrump s unnecessary border wall which…
rep  tulsi gabbard visited a  honoluluhabitat national women build week site in kaneohe on saturday  where she tha…
last week  my colleagues and i introduced the handgun purchaser licensing act  which provides federal grants for st…
i supported the continuing resolution to give republicans time to make good on their promise to hold a vote on the…
the mail delivery problems facing many of my constituents and other lower hudson valley residents are serious and w…
closure of mitchell street social security administration branch office jeopardizes vital service to those who call…
rt  housejuddems  🆕  repjerrynadler statement on  realdonaldtrump s administration including citizenship question in 2020 census
regístrese para votar hoy  debe registrarse antes del 21 de mayo para votar en la elección…
during small business week  i want to thank all the  az01  small business owners in coconino co  who are stepping up…
rt  antitrustcaucus  tomorrow  the  antitrustcaucus will host a public briefing on  restoring our democracy  the impact of corporate concen…
shameful - the trump administration s continued sabotage of the  aca  will make it harder for americans to access he…
snow d e update  the statewide state of emergency and level 1 driving warning for kent and new castle counties will…
rt  dberrygannett     benniegthompson said the beauty of being a member of congress on recess is you get to interact with constituents at…
today i met with  plainscotton ceo kevin brinkley and general manager of sales and marketing keith lucas to discuss…
net neutrality protects innovators and small businesses in our district — they can t afford  fcc efforts to undermi…
last week  the  american_heart and congressional caucus for women hosted the annual congressional wear red day phot…
thank you nj  jnfusa for honoring me with your tree of life award  i will always support israel - our country s d…
rt  daniaperiodista   repdarrensoto se une al llamado del gobernador  ricardorossello en la petición a fema para extender la asistencia tem…
rt  lpoedmorgan  thanks to  repcartwright for speaking at the pa  nalc_national congressional breakfast
i ask my colleagues to join me in mourning the passing of commander paul bauer  please pray for him and for his fa…
 louiseslaughter i will always be thankful for louise s leadership and guidance  and know that she will be greatly…
larry hamm has been  making black history every day  for nearly fifty years by using his voice to speak for the peo…
today   senatedems are spearheading an effort to force a vote on defending net neutrality to preserve the internet…
still waiting on that 4% economic growth  realdonaldtrump promised  broken promises
june 19 is the deadline to file w/  sba for drought loans in chattahoochee  muscogee & talbot counties  more info at
tax day is yet another harsh reminder that 86 million middle-class families will see their taxes go up because of t…
the truth about the  caravan  of immigrants that trump is attacking  it isn t a group of immigrants  invading  the…
rt  oversightdems  just in  top dems release detailed new info from senior  epa whistleblower - letters sent to trump and epa after pruitt …
  keithellison  we won t give up until we bring back our girls  4 years too long
he s willing to be far more belligerent all across the globe  he thinks that we don t need to work with any other c…
happy birthday   repsusandavis  grateful for your leadership supporting our country s veterans 
rt  housesbcdems  today  two bills authored by committee democrats  nydiavelazquez and  repdwightevans  passed the house floor  both receiv…
rt  susan_hennessey  here s what the fbi was actually saying about  comey in the days after he was dismissed  contrary to the white house s…
fattah in action on brain health / science via  youtube
moving the us embassy to jerusalem  doing nothing to halt the expansion of israeli settlements  and remaining silen…
if only military leadership treated sexual violence/harassment as seriously as dinosaur puppets  we might actually…
thank you for the tour this morning   amberpharmacy  i m happy to know a pioneer in the specialty pharmacy industry…
excited to welcome  aplheureux – my chief of staff starting today – to salem  alexis brings a vast level of experie…
rt  juliancastro  what a terrible  heartless action by the trump administration 
the trump administration s decision to add a divisive and untested question to the 2020 census this late in the pro…
rt  dorianwanzer  thank you for supporting health centers  repbrochester 
congratulations to conor lamb  who just officially became congressman conor lamb  i look forward to working with yo…
the wage gap is not determined by what field a woman enters into  what her education level is  or even her race  th…
rt  repteddeutch  the students of stoneman douglas have been clear – america must neveragain allow the profits of gun manufacturers to com…
rt  housejuddems  this weekin committee  1⃣ ag guestworker act 2⃣  hr3711   legal workforce act 3⃣ refugee programs hearing 📝
my heart is with hawaii  the beautiful big island has been hit by an earthquake and a volcanic eruption  let s sho…
several of  realdonaldtrump s judicial nominees – like stuart kyle duncan – have a history of attempting to hinder…
shirley chisholm  the first black woman elected to congress  was a fierce advocate for children and families  she t…
today is a historic & monumental step forward for the cuban people & the u s -cuba relationship  this gives me hope for a brighter future 
spoke today in favor of an amdt to prevent the milcon-va approps bill from funding a border wall  we can t let unne…
solar technology is driving the future of clean energy for nevadans and americans everywhere  we need policies in w…
today we honor our vietnam war veterans for their sacrifice and thank them for their incredible service to our nati…
do you enjoy a 40-hour work week  sick leave and vacation days  and guaranteed safe working conditions  then you ha…
rt  housejuddems  🚨  breaking  🚨 ahead of  thejusticedept oversight hearing  house judiciary committee dems put sessions on notice
extending my deepest condolences to those affected by the explosions in manchester  my prayers are with victims and first responders tonight
 ronlieber hey  ron  please ping my comms director at 202 225 6231 on monday 
rt  waysmeanscmte  listen all y all  it s a sabotage 
if  housegop continues trying to advance agenda impeding collective bargaining & denying unions a seat at the tabl…
rt  replowenthal  my statement on the trump shutdown  
rt  nancypelosi  must watch tax day video  the g o p tax scam is simply useless when it comes to creating jobs 
trump s reckless solar tariffs are a threat to our booming solar industry & could cost thousands of american jobs …
rt  fwd_us  19 republicans have signed on to  repjeffdenham s discharge petition which would allow the house to vote and debate immigration…
to  ny09   as your representative  i am working hard to fight against this budget & the effects of these tax cuts  i…
my deepest condolences to families of brave us soldiers who died fighting taliban in afghanistan  wishing quick recovery for the wounded 
perfect end to a great day  lovely night at the victorian stroll in albia  happy and safe holidays to all 
dr  martin luther king jr  would have encouraged every responsible human being to march for justice  to march for…
tornado and flood warnings issued in counties across western wisconsin  take shelter from the storm in underground…
 realdonaldtrump and worst of all  taxpayers foot the bill for all that travel  /2
net neutrality is critical for consumers and small businesses in new hampshire and across the country  that s why i…
read my statement about ag sessions  unbelievably cruel announcement that the u s  will be intentionally tearing…
having read both nunes and democrats  memo  the only reason to release the nunes memo is to undermine the work of s…
i had the honor of meeting with lieutenant general charles d  luckey with the national guard reserve yesterday to d…
this story is extremely alarming  i encourage all co-op city residents w/ symptoms of legionnaires  disease to seek…
 ralexandis i have a natural resources markup hearing that started at 10 15 am  votes 
 hascdemocrats secdef mattis remains committed to an independent and full audit of the department of defense  first…
speaking at the  va today for vietnam war veterans day -- we honor all veterans who fought and served during the viet…
join our fight for economicjustice for workers across missouri help me raise the wage
today  i met with local marine industry leaders and water safety experts to discuss how to keep kids safe when part…
yesterday  i met with representatives from the  usdot and the  cityoflaredotx to discuss the city s infra grant app…
the police shot at stephon clark 20 times in his own backyard because he raised his hands while holding his phone …
our regional economy depends on businesses like  eqbrewery– that s why i co-sponsored the craft beverage modernizat…
had a great time touring the new interim  bklynlibrary space in sunset park  families in all neighborhoods deserve…
rt  usrepkcastor  the trump gop wears its sabotage of americans  health care as a badge of honor  the truth  americans deserve lower cost…
join me in celebrating national nurses week  being a nurse can be an incredibly challenging and stressful job  and…
rt  youthincongress  congratulations ashlynn jenkins of  ucityschools - winner of the 2018 congressional art competition   bleeding pain  w…
african american mothers in illinois are 350% more likely to die than illinois mothers who are white  let s pass th…
great joining  weareunidosus and  repdarrensoto for a roundtable in orlando on federal issues affecting central fl…
keeping hope and faith alive that we will bring back our girls 
 the father of soul   ray charles  was born in albany  georgia in 1930  this musical genius helped establish the mu…
rt  therac  there are more verses on poverty than any other subject in the bible  says  repmceachin at the  faithpubliclife press conferenc…
i m proud to be one of the 196 members of congress who are demanding the house bring the dream act up for a vote  t…
i took this on my walk to work this morning  the whole city is shut down due to this so-called  snow storm   a hear…
rt  repalgreen  aca reminder  get covered
rt  jengilligancole  do you know a 14-16 year old who loves the arts   metroartsnash and our partners have more than 12 project sites for t…
oregon has a long tradition of dairy farming  and it was a pleasure to meet with the oregon dairy farmers assn to t…
the g o p tax scam  trump budget  and the so-called p r o s p e r act all have one thing in common  putting corporate profit…
gop sabotage of the affordable care act is increasing the uninsured rate & raising costs  read what health care org…
rt  630pov  tonight is the first  mn07  debate between rep   collinpeterson and  torreywestrom at 8 00 on  pioneerpublictv 
fyi for those in the durham area 
yesterday  i met with members of the texas association of broadcasters  txbroadcasters   we discussed a variety of…
rt  alisonkingnecn  rep michael capuano at  hillaryclinton boston event says he can t wait to beat the heck out of  realdonaldtrump
rt  capac  happy  apahm   throughout the month of may  we will be highlighting various  aapi  facts & stories  follow  capac to learn more  …
the  nysdot plans to close the skyway in one or both directions over the next two years as they spend  30m on a a b…
rt  arlogilbert  proud to see my fraternity brother  lloyddoggetttx winning & keeping my district blue  a genuinely good guy 
our volunteers are knocking doors all across vc today  come join us to  gotv  at field offices in oxnard  to  camarillo 
60 000 honduran working people just had their temporary protected status taken away  sec  kirstjen nielsen s bad de…
inspired by parkland students advocacy – from tallahassee to the white house  let s turn their courage into action …
what do flat bottomed paper bags  kevlar  and laser cataract surgery all have in common  these were all invented by…
why is  realdonaldtrump working so hard to push kim jong-un s buttons  let s try real diplomacy  realistic objectiv…
whether  realdonaldtrump likes it or not  the future of american energy is renewable 
happy world down syndrome day  as a congressional task force on down syndrome member  i promise to keep fighting fo…
i think the students down in parkland  florida have shown us the definition of that persistence  we need to follow…
rt  gensunited   replloyddoggett and advocates call on congress to reject the tax reform plan not one penny
america is an idea  with ideals and values  we don t exclude people  but that s what this cr does  it includes noth…
what an amazing and inspirational story  congratulations to scott foster and the  nhlblackhawks on the big win last…
like many who came of age in the 60 s  i still remember where i was when we learned of dr  king s assassination  in…
for generations  asian pacific americans have defended our nation & shared their culture  while overcoming persecut…
rt  acogaction  representing more than 560 000 physicians  docs4 coverage meet with  congressmanruiz
rt  nashtuworks  thanks  rephuffman for speaking at the 19th annual nashtu conference  2018nashtuconference
today is the start of wny saying goodbye to the toll booths on grand island  the new system will improve traffic f…
trump budget apparently believes that housing isn t a problem for millions of americans & eliminates community deve…
americans deserve a congress where every voice is heard  but  housegop and  speakerryan are turning this into most…
rt  housedemwomen  if the wagegap closed   aapi  women working full time  year-round would have enough money for nearly 1 additional year o…
rt  coreykrisc  grand opening of fairfield- vacaville railway station  repgaramendi and mayor price 
rt  cfundadvocates   childfund can t do its work alone  you need sound policy that will ensure children are shielded from suffering   thank…
rt  ohiostate  congratulations  ohiostatefb on your strong finish to the football season  🏈go bucks
1  trumpcare = higher costs  higher premiums  deductibles & out-of-pocket expenses   2/6 
from your lips  to god s ears    
rt  housedemocrats  democrats  congressional to-do list  ⚪️fund the government ⚪️protect d r e a mers ⚪️reauthorize  chip  ⚪️fight for the amer…
rt  repteddeutch    realdonaldtrump tries to explain obstruction of justice as  fighting back  in the same way a shoplifter tries to explai…
survivors of crime deserve justice  plain & simple  as co-founder & co-chair of the bipartisan congressional vict…
 most sweeping action in history to lower drug prices for the american people      realdonaldtrump can t even star…
this year  one of the dedicated individuals i honored w/ a congressional victims  rights caucus award was fresno s…
pleased to announce a bill i authored with  repbuddycarter to help fight the opioid epidemic by improving resources…
there s a tornado warning in some parts of orange county right now & our area is going to get hit hard by some thu…
this legislation closes a loophole that has existed for more than 20 years  i m glad to see this legislation pass t…
happy paczki day  today we celebrate one of our favorite polish traditions by sharing paczki with friends & remembe…
too often leftover medications can be misused by children  family members  or friends  saturday  april 28 is…
we ve hosted listening sessions  town halls  roundtables & coffees with your congresswoman events—& i ve attended 2…
earlier this week paid tribute to  louiseslaughter on the house floor  where she served as a champion for the peopl…
congratulations 
starting a business is hard work and requires significant planning  take a look at this short guide to make sure yo…
hope to see many of you tomorrow for our town hall  2pm at chapin high school 
see my statement on next week s consideration of the nuclear waste policy amendments act  or as it should be referr…
rt  prochoicecaucus  wonderful news in our ongoing fight to ensure justice for jane  we ve been informed that  hhsgov office of refugee rese…
deported 15 times by age 20 jose vargas became a citizen & 1 of  ca  best police   usa  = immigrants kates laws
rt  repjeffries  blasted so-called president on house floor this morning  how dare this guy lecture us about treason
this friday  my office will be hosting our annual second congressional district arts competition at the…
rt  scpsinfo  special thanks to  repstephmurphy  scottplakon &  seminoleso for joining us tonight for our 2nd annual school safety & secur…
i am pleased that this terrible bill died in the senate  but i believe we are still far from the finish line on this issue 
rt  cgrshastings  cgrs decries the  zero tolerance  policy now being enforced at our border  announced by ag sessions yesterday  separating…
it was great to spend some time yesterday with a great friend and mentor   joebiden  a total class act 
sending my prayers and condolences to the bush family on the passing of barbara bush  former first lady and classic…
rt  jamesmartinsj  christians should be aware of candidates who call themselves progressives  progressive is more often a way of describing…
congrats to  mht_nh_police  chiefwillard on his nomination as us marshal for nh  chief willard has worked tirelessl…
keeping students safe in our schools must be a top priority  i supported the stop school violence act today b/c it…
rt  housedemocrats  📣 80% of republican tax cuts exclusively benefit wealthy americans making more than  912 000/year 
rt  ketv    repbradashford   along with sen  fischer s leadership  we are keeping our promises to veterans   senato…
from sonoma county  fire victims in need of help or answers can call 2-1-1 sonoma strong
thank you to the members of the general assembly for passing the angel investor job creation and innovation act  i…
from the delaware to the susquehanna  the poconos to the lehigh valley  people in pa-17 have much to celebrate on earth day
rt  cbsnews  more   there is still an active shooter that has not been arrested by police    cbsmiami says of reported shooting at marjory…
today  as ranking dem on fsgg approps subcommittee  i pressed the admin on possible conflicts of interest & constit…
thank you to all the dedicated and passionate teachers who inspire and educate students everyday  🍎📚…
so proud of you  cj_hende  cacje 
the fair housing act protects renters and home owners from discrimination  as we mark the 50th anniversary of this…
looking for a job  thinking about starting a business  join me and  hot1079atl  gotreec at my jobs fair this friday…
assault weapons are meant for battlefields  not for our streets and schools  i am proud to join  davidcicilline and…
quarterly reports are in  showing that the g o p tax scam was a huge gift to wall street--the u s  is borrowing  20 bi…
rt  alsflorida  thank you  repstephmurphy for taking the time to meet with  alsflorida to learn about the critical needs of the  als  commun…
rt  repesty  charlotte daniel rachel olivia josephine ana dylan dawn madeleine catherine chase jesse james grace anne emilie jack noah car…
  realdonaldtrump s pardon of scooter libby demonstrates once again his total disregard for the rule of law  if he…
muslim americans contribute greatly to our nation  and it is important that all communities remain a safe and welco…
my final stop on the small business tour was  wearebpt to discuss how we can support small businesses like theirs …
rt  repjayapal    realdonaldtrump  you haven t drained any swamp  you just brought in swamp monsters  really  really big ones  it s way pas…
rt  repmarciafudge  on this 5th anniversary of  daca   the story of my  chci summer intern francisco reminds me why i fight every day to de…
rt  cspanwj  rep  jared huffman  d-ca  joins us to discuss the newly formed congressional freethought caucus to promote science & secularis…
discriminating against those who step up to serve their country based on gender identity is bigoted & deeply misgui…
columbus = top 10 best city for millenials  get more info now  c bus  oh 
rt  asmmikegipson  tomorrow  i will be joined by  supjanicehahn and others in support of  ab1795  during a 12pm presser  as the author of th…
you can t buy a pound of coffee with a buck fifty a week  but  speakerryan keeps celebrating the g o p tax scam as a win…
happy mothers day to all the loving  caring  hardworking moms in nevada 
this shameful decision by  potus will make birth control unaffordable for thousands of women  contraception is care
  ridepsta advocating new transit solutions for pinellas in washington – keeping our community moving forward  🚍
as the fifth largest economy in the world  californians need federal tax policy that creates jobs  empowers our l…
icymi - i joined the climate solutions caucus this week because we need bipartisan solutions to reduce human impact…
hope to see you at our town hall on monday 
rt  arizonadot  reminder  an extended closure is expected on sr 87 from milepost 290 at clints well to milepost 312  two miles north of the…

rt  albanycityhall  congratulations to the  albanysym for being selected to perform this evening at  kencen  this prestigious recognition i…
candidate trump in 2015   i was the first & only potential gop candidate to state there will be no cuts to social s…
[picture is circa 1970-1971  while sal was serving in cam ranh bay  vietnam] 8/ end
i was honored to provide closing remarks today at  nih  allofusresearch launch event  this is truly an ambitious an…
every worker deserves equal pay for equal work  we must keep fighting against a rigged system that pays women 80 ce…
just some of the incredible art my constituents submitted to the congressional art competition this year  every yea…
happy easter   wa01  
i lean on the stories and advocacy of the  iiicenter and guests of their business leaders breakfast to push our fede…
rt  wildlifeaction  wildlife can depend on  repgaramendi &  repannaeshoo  thank you for cosponsoring the recovering america s wildlife act…
in sept  2016  realdonaldtrump vowed to be a champion for haitians  call  dhsgov & ask it to save t p s
it would also recognize that school safety is one piece of a larger puzzle  that aurora  san bernardino  orlando  l…
just in   realdonaldtrump s nominee to run a labor department agency has  no apparent public service experience or…
today  we laid to rest edgecombe county deputy sheriff david lee sean manning  my prayers are with deputy manning s…
when hard times hit  moms dont need congress making it harder to feed their children
russian meddling in the  16 election is a serious matter and should be treated as such  protecting our democracy sh…
barbara bush exemplified the decency and grace we expect in a first lady  her public service  especially her charit…
today i met with mr  jonatan vseviov  permanent secretary of the estonian ministry of defense  we discussed a vari…
¡si tienes daca  puedes renovarlo  uscis tiene que aceptar renovaciones  aplica ahora 
rt  sylvesterturner  congratulations to the 1 213 students of  texassouthern who graduated this morning  you make us all proud and i wish y…
 icymi   i talked to  wolfblitzer about nunberg s media meltdown today and what it means for the ongoing…
rt  anca_dc       it is imperative that the united states stand with armenian people and the newly formed government   - founding co-chair…
rt  glfop  thank you  billpascrell and  davereichert for leading 175 members of congress in support of funding for key law enforcement gran…
 reporterjoe it s turtles all the way down 
here s pretty much all you need to know about who benefits from the  realdonaldtrump administration   hint  wealth…
this weekend  i m joining  repjohnlewis leading a delegation of nearly 30 members of congress to see the historic c…
rt  sonuratra  advancing women and girls in tech & creating opportunities   repannaeshoo repannaeshoo  dearbornjenny  thanks  svleadershipg…
with an avg   130k debt load facing psychology students  we re seeing less pursue behavioral health services when t…
the house agriculture committee knows what it means to compromise to get things done 
journalists are defenders of democracy  as american citizens  it is our duty to defend pressfreedom  world press freedom day  wpfd2018 
 onlyorganic  senbobcasey the homegrown organic act would make small tweaks to federal conservation programs to bett…
this world autism awareness day i light it up blue in  ct01  for everyone with autism 
in this week s e-newsletter  i recap the latest  including opposing  potus  iran deal decision  advancing legislati…
rt  who  it s world asthma day  asthma is a chronic disease of the air passages of the lungs which inflames and narrows them
rt  leoshane  in  fy19ndaa  debate now   reprubengallego proposes eliminating marine corps rule that bars individuals who have used marijuan…
great to talk to  cecilerichards today and thank her for all her work for health care and reproductive rights at…
new developments in the fight for a free and open internet – the senate votes today  i support the same…
the student non-discrimination act  introduced today  will put an end to discrimination in schools based on sexual…
that effect was made even worse by the trump administration s adoption of  association health plans   skimpy  cheap…
rt  housedemwomen  guaranteeing paid sick days makes for fairer workplaces & allows workers to care for themselves & their loved ones withou…
rt  repalgreen  the gop has voted for the faulty corporate welfare and billionaire benefit plan again  how do you explain making the same m…
family unity is good for children and parents  but the trump administration has cruelly separated about 700 immigra…
it is critical that we address this crisis and help these retirees whose retirements are now at risk by no fault…
rt  repadamschiff  breaking  gop just shut down house intel investigation  leaving questions unanswered  leads unexplored  countless witnes…
enough is enough  scott pruitt needs to resign or be fired  immediately  he has gutted the core mission of the epa …
title x exists specifically to ensure comprehensive  evidence-based contraception  and reproductive health services…
the gateway project is too important to be unfunded  it shouldn t be sacrificed b/c of  realdonaldtrump s political…
rt  nitalowey  i ve been told  this nita lowey list is 🔥🔥🔥   take a listen on  spotify  in honor of womens history month &  iwd2018   and r…
protecting the freedoms and rights of some does not impede on the freedoms and rights of others  that is an anti-lg…
happy to hear the  mta is finally bringing elevators to subway stations in astoria  but these upgrades must be mad…
completely unacceptable 
rt  officialcbc  we send our thoughts and prayers to linda brown s loved ones  may she rest in power  the struggle to end  separate but equ…
no surprise that president trump still has no idea what he s talking about  he is the one who unilaterally ended…
rt  caitlinmcarey   repdannydavis offering statements now  lots of bipartisan love and shoutouts  and a s/o for  unitedway and our partners…
rt  nyseandg 
the trump administration s proposal to essentially end net neutrality is an enormous threat to a free and open inte…
we can t understate this crisis  as rx drug costs continue to grow  millions of people face a choice between their…
roll tide  national champs at the white house today   rtr  national champions
wishing all of the incredible moms out there a very happy mother s day 
a warm thank you from the bottom of my heart to all of the incredible idea mcallen college prep students  joanna   
what s your credit score  get  fico estimate now   flm2018  question of the day
rt  buzzfeednews  rep  debbie dingell called out zuckerberg for the questions he didn t answer in his testimony before congress  then  he d…
my office is now accepting submissions for the 2018 congressional art competition  for more information on how to e…
tomorrow  admission at all national parks is free on saturday for national parks week  we ll work to keep national p…
rt  meredadjohnson  100 black women decatur/dekalb our young girls with hatitude 👍🏾
enjoyed attending today s  sba_nevada small business awards luncheon hosted by  vegaspbs  congratulations to all th…
on thursday  the  usmc celebrated its 241st birthday  i say with great pride  happy birthday marines   mclbalbany
rt  joaquincastrotx  i joined  housejuddems rm  repjerrynadler and  repespaillat in a roundtable discussion on immigration reform & ongoin…
  repveasey  the chibok girls must be reunited with their families   bbog  4 years too long
in oct   when  energycommerce dems & i voted in favor of letting medicare negotiate lower drug prices—which the pr…
never again
important read in the  washingtonpost about the health impacts of climate change – saving the environment means sav…
congrats to  repmarcykaptur who recently became the longest serving female member of the house of representatives …
former  hhsgov sec  price confirming what we already knew  the g o p tax scam stacks the deck against hardworking fami…
i am deeply disappointed by  housegop proposals with would threaten nutrition assistance programs for millions of t…
military families are our heroes on the home front and make sacrifices for our nation  today  a grateful nation hon…
rt  shannonyoung413    reprichardneal  white house should focus on opioid treatment  prevention m apoli
  repdebdingell – let me know when i ll be wearing michigan blue 🙄
 housegop  housedemocrats it s wear something red wednesday  please show your support for the 112 still-missing…
rt  housedemocrats    repmarkpocan  wi-02  visited a tech start-up in madison  dems at work
the g o p tax scam is nowhere close to real tax reform that families & smallbiz were seeking  it doesn t simplify the…
debbie 
for centuries  america has served as a beacon of hope to those seeking a better life  the trump admin must answer w…
while far from perfect  the iran deal was negotiated by a broad coalition of our allies and moved us towards the go…
my op-ed in today s globe  why we need an independent commission to investigate this administration s ties w/russia
rt  usprogressives  happy teacher appreciation week  we salute all of the educators across the country who continue to be the bedrock of o…
rt  amherstsurvival   mcgovern  farm bill is shameful attack on poor families  thank you  repmcgovern for supporting our neighbors and thei…
congrats congressman butterfield hb👏🏾
rt  osceolasheriff  sheriff russ gibson and  repdarrensoto engage with the st cloud community on a gun control townhall
rt  transportdems  fact  the a i r r act hands over billions of taxpayer assets to a private corporation for free  dont privatize our skies
honored to be recognized tonight at the cobb county  naacp  freedom fund banquet 
ending health care csrs raises premiums & destabilizes the marketplace  intentionally hurting american people for political gain  shameful 
getting a tour and visiting the hard working employees at brady linen  brady linen is the premier commercial laundr…
wishing everyone a happy and blessed easter sunday  resurrection sunday
rt  repjerrynadler  last week  i joined  hardball to discuss  housegop s irresponsible attacks on special counsel mueller and their failure…
to the mothers in  tx29  and throughout the country  happy mother s day  moms do it all and today is a day where we…
great time touring the  patriotsjetteam hanger & byron airport  and hearing how the team is encouraging kids to exp…
rt  sahallen  honored to host a great ai roundtable with 30  from academia  corporations and government   congressmanraja  citizenibm great…
amazing crowd yesterday in pershing square  i was so moved to see so many come out to stand with the…
rt  rokhanna  we seem to always have the money to get involved in wars around the world  and can give massive tax cuts to billionaires & co…
the flint water crisis should have been a wake-up call  lead poisoning is a real danger that must be taken seriousl…
today i sent a letter to the u s  postmaster general calling for the postal service to develop a comprehensive plan…
president trump s lack of concern for farm country is deeply troubling 
rt  mcdonaldscorp  today  we announced we will allocate  150 million over a five-year period to our global archways to opportunity education…
don t tell me this is about anything other than greed and money and fear  gun violence
in the wake of the parkland shooting  i m thinking hard about where we can compromise and come up with commonsense…
talking immigration  bipartisanship and the u s aact with  hurdonthehill and  julissaarce yesterday  our full conver…
the chaos of the trump administration continues with the departure of secretary of state rex tillerson  trump can…
the allegations against congressman john conyers are very disturbing  and i am aware he has emphatically denied them   2/3 
rt  hillsboro_patch   deeply troubled  bonamici stands up for student equity
i am committed to continuing to fight for you and will work with my colleagues to push for these measures to be bro…
rt  marta_planning  hearing from  rephankjohnson regarding the upcoming federal infrastructure bill dropping on monday 
army 14  navy zero  beat navy 
 nvamchicago  yorkd205  taft_hs excited to announce the winning submission from the  il05  congressional art competi…
rt  officialcbc   i stand on the shoulders of women who refused to accept the status of being a 2nd class citizen – a 2nd class woman or a…
young people finding their voices today on capitol hill on gun reform & gun control  national walkout day…
i shared my thoughts on the white house s tariff proposals in the  appealdemocrat over the weekend  i m very concer…
last chance  open enrollment for  aca  health care ends today  find a plan and get covered for the year …
can t make it but want to tune into the event  we ll be live streaming it on my facebook page as well  be sure to check it out 
g o p tax scam the haves will have more   and everyone else will pay for it  gop tax cut not why economy is booming v…
rt  theplumlinegs  also in this piece   gerryconnolly tells me in an interview that father conroy privately confided to him that he believ…
no single law will prevent gun violence  but we owe it to victims and their families to act  common-sense gun contr…
each year  our crumbling roads and bridges cost illinois drivers  16 billion  that s why i support a better deal to…
rt  nalandau18   bradsherman  it s world malaria day  join the fight to endmalaria with me and  nothingbutnets by posting a statement or re…
middle class families deserve tax reform that helps them get ahead  instead  the republican tax bill takes us backw…
today  on international womens day  we celebrate the progress we ve made and reflect on the work ahead 
rt  repjerrynadler  read my statement following notice of  repgoodlatte s proposed subpoena of  thejusticedept for comey memos 
this earth day  congress should recommit to doing more to strengthen environmental protections & resist assaults th…
i cosponsored the abuse of the pardon power prevention act to create a disincentive against use of the pardon power…
democrats have no illusions about the iranian regime  we remain strongly committed to stopping the advancement of i…
rt  amjoyshow    repmaxinewaters on gop colleagues  they cannot credibly come before the american public and defend donald trump  they re a…
today speaker ryan asked for the resignation of the 60th chaplain of the house of representatives  reverend patrick…
rt  jamesmartinsj  re  fatherconroy  the idea that a priest can t be house chaplain because he s not a  family man  is absurd  and borderl…
while i welcome developments between north & south korea  i urge caution as we gauge whether the kim regime is seri…
roughly 1 in 8 u s  women will develop invasive breast cancer over course of her lifetime  eliminating information…
rt  metaltradesafl  the metal trades department  afl-cio strongly supports the energizing american shipbuilding act  we urge congress to mo…
looks like the g o p tax scam isn t responsible for today s economy  one-time bonuses are merely a distraction from t…
this week i intro d a bill to help us authorities crack down on terrorist financing & return stolen funds to citize…
rt  nmaahc  mahalia jackson  born otd in 1911  was for many the soundtrack of the civil rights movement  hidden herstory
rt  repdankildee  four years later  flint families are still recovering from the water crisis and having to use filters & bottled water  in…
to celebrate small business week week  i m highlighting cities & companies throughout the second district  today  i …
rt  barackobama  there are few issues more important to the security of the us than the potential spread of nuclear weapons or the potentia…
the  cclcontracosta promotes sensible environmental policy  during our meeting in walnut creek  we discussed how ad…
icymi  members on both sides of the aisle agree  there is a problem  but starting a trade war with our responsible…
a mind to work   less shrinkage  this is your aging brain on the mediterranean diet
i will be on  msnbc live speaking with  kwelkernbc about the false charge of rigged elections 
thankful to the hardworking men & women of the  machinistsunion for coming out today to share their stories of how…
rt  apaadvocates  ty  jean_stothert   repbradashford staff  & omaha planners for kicking off planning month today  a p a great places
rt  foodandwater   repbarragan thank you for sponsoring the w a t e r act to make water service safer  more affordable & accessible  water for a…
rt  housebudgetdems    repjohnyarmuth now challenging  mickmulvaneyomb on why the trump budget makes deep cuts to national and economic sec…
congress must protect the mueller investigation  this is a dangerous moment for america that requires full bipartis…
my amendment  requesting the  deptofdefense brief the house armed committee on the task force s findings so that we…
it was my honor to recognize  kindtokids and  delkids division director  carla benson green today for their commitm…
need help with a federal agency or service  come out and speak to my staff at the show low vfw during today s  az01… 
23 years ago today  eileen marie collins became the first woman to pilot the space shuttle  colonel collins remains…
watch live as i fight to hold powerful special interests to the same standard as hardworking wisconsinites 
rt  repmceachin  it s tax day – which means my republican colleagues will be talking up the g o p tax scam until they are blue in the face  ju…
today i joined  repjaredpolis  roslehtinen  repmarktakano &  senatorbaldwin in introducing the student non-discrimi…
thanks to  mbamortgage s ri representatives for giving me the latest on rhode island s home-ownership market 
rt  salnews  hartnell college is one of the first locations in the country to display the free exhibit housed in its steinbeck hall through…
rt  repteddeutch  the billof rights was ratified 226 years ago today  it s time to add another amendment - my democracy for all amndt to ove…
the trump administration has gutted the epa  denied climate change and proposed drilling off the jersey shore  this…
the fcc is proposing to roll back the net neutrality protections that allow innovators and small businesses in my d…
our firefighters put themselves in harm s way daily to help our communities  it was an honor to speak w the  upffa…
thanks for sharing  dasheikaruffin -- looks like  dicks is doing what  gop is unable to do  congress …
rt  andiezd  a big thank you to  cbrangel for his dedicated service to nyc   
rt  royhouseman  thanks  repvisclosky for testifying in support of standard pipe trade case  7th trade case he s testified in support for t…
rt  jstreetdotorg  now live   how j street has helped transform the israel conversation on capitol hill   moveon s  dankalik moderates the…
i m proud to have a  f  grade from the nra  thank you to the young people who attended march for our lives putting pr…
 3/3  as a result  we haven t seen another fatal regional airline crash since  ironically  these are the same stand…
national drug take back day is on april 28  2018  10 00 am – 2 00 pm  safely dispose of your unused medications an…
i recently toured the construction site for  soundtransit s northgate link light rail station  recent fed budget tr…
congratulations to redmond high school for winning their regional and advancing to the national finals of the…
rep cicilline on  foxnews with  tuckercarlson earlier tonight
rt  msnbc  rep  connolly says president trump pulling out of the iran deal was  one of the most sordid and destructive decisions  any presi…
rt  fscdems  mulvaney s cfpb priorities checklist  help out predatory lenders ✔ starve bureau of resources ✔ curb fair lending enforcement…
meet 12 incredible young leaders appointed to us military academies from our district   hispaniccaucus…
delta jewel  mrs  deloris m  gresham s  of drew  ms  father was murdered at a gas station by a white man connected…
yucca mountain is a dangerous  costly  ill-conceived plan that poses a direct threat to the health and safety of my…
wishing all the best to the wonderful couple  happily ever nafter
today is primary election day  be sure to make your voice heard and vote today  visit to find your polling place 
as we kick off infrastructure week  it s time for a better deal that invests in our infrastructure to drive our eco…
happy 166th birthday to california  happybirthday felizcumpleanos
follow  houseadm_dems today to watch this morning s hearing on preventing sexual harassment in the congressional wo…
this new law  co-authored with rep  david young  r-iowa   will improve phone service in rural america and require t…
 name  
last year  the house gop took us backward with their tax plan – increasing the debt by trillions to reward corporat…
after 30 successful years of hawaiian language immersion programs  we must continue to build on this progress and e…
ethical leadership and ethics in journalism are vital for a healthy democracy  jim boren exemplifies both  and de…
 tbt  to my post last week  protect trans kids you are loved
honoring m l k jr m l k day m l k day2018
the central thesis of the usa liberty act is that we can have both security and privacy  we can give the governmen…
every american who wants to serve the u s  in our military should be allowed to do so openly & without shame …
looking forward to appearing at 7 pm on  off script  with  brucejohnson9 on  wusa9 to discuss mlk s legacy 
proud to receive the humane champion award from the  humanesociety for my perfect voting record on animal welfare i…
we faced attack after attack on our environment and public lands in 2017  i m honored to stand with  lcvoters as we…
rt  fightcrc  thanks for flexing the strong arm selfie with our advocates  jovannielorenzo &  aliveandkickndd 
on may 6th  contra costa and alameda counties will host a tour of 37 gardens to showcase native plants requiring le…
rt  kcchambergov  cleaver says watch for new  opportunity zone  opportunity for kc to invest in economically disadvantaged areas  in rule-m…
butterfield announces 2018 congressional art competition via  daily_dispatch
congratulations to  bouldercitylib on 75 years of service to the boulder city community  national library week  nv03 
a little under 4 hours to get out the vote for mike  if you haven t voted  go vote  if you haven t talked to all your friends and family-do 
rt  repdwightevans    speakerryan  nearly 9 000 low-income children and their mothers in my district receive healthcare through  chip   any…
i ve asked mr  zuckerberg if the lack of diversity in facebook s c-suite is a reason in which the company could not…
congratulations to kendall coyne of palos heights and the entire u s  women s hockey team on winning gold at the ol…
dr  jackson didn t demonstrate he would stand up for veterans in san diego and across the country  still  the chaos…
 sullied18 these are the manufacturing stats  looks alot was done in the obama years   
tune in to news  1190kex at 1 50 while i speak to mark mason about what s going on in washington 
russian meddling didn t stop with the election  we need to address it  and to stop playing politics with national s…
i m spending the day with folks who serve our neighbors that count on the supplemental nutrition access program  sn…
had a great convo w/  md02  members of  nc100bwinc promoting leadership development for black women and girls  gende…
i am glad that the funding bill signed into law included the bipartisan taylor force act  i was proud to cosponsor…
rt  thebeatwithari  breaking  house freedom caucus supports govt  funding bill  making shutdown less likely  rep   peterwelch says  that s…
  reprobinkelly  may the chibok girls feel our spirit and know we re not giving up until they re home   bbog… 
50 years after the assassination of martin luther king jr   we reflect on his legacy & honor his life by continuing…
rt  repjohnlewis  today  dr  king s legacy is a guiding light  as we push and pull for a more just and more equal society  dr king s campai…
good luck to ridgewood s  rebeccarosnthal on tonight s  jeopardy college championship semi-finals  rebecca  thanks…
this week  i dropped in on the training center for  ironworkers_pnw  local 86  it is time to invest in our bridges…
 this isn t about republicans or democrats or independents  this is about our election process  the bedrock of our…
rt  senjohnmccain  an american president does not lead the free world by congratulating dictators on winning sham elections  and by doing s…
many d r e a mers whose families & careers are hurt by trump admin decision are service members  small biz owners  teachers  doctors & students
it s not too late to join congreswoman johnson on her telephone town hall tonight  dial-in now   1-877-299-6003 or…
yesterday  i cosponsored the zero tolerance for domestic abusers act  this bill will save people s lives by updatin…
 otd  in 2008  i introduced the  fostering connections to success and increasing adoptions act of 2008    tbt 
every dollar we invest in infrastructure is an investment in our neighborhoods  our communities  and our future …
about to give my s o t u response  sotu2018  on  wbalradio w/  bretthollander   tune in 
four years ago today  we were shocked and sickened to learn about the phoenix va crisis  today we reflect on the pr…
rt  housejuddems    repjerrynadler   music modernization act establishes a uniform rate standard for digital public performance royalties  i…
congratulations to the university of arizona for being the first state university in arizona named a hispanic servi…
this week  i had a great discussion with madison vaccines  inc  about the incredible strides they re making in rese…
rt  edwardjgraham1    susanwbrooks &  repannaeshoo intro d bipartisan bill that would direct  fcc to facilitate creation of a unified wirel…
the g o p tax plan gives tax breaks to corporations on the backs of hard working  middle class americans 
  rosadelauro & i have released a report on our recent trip to puerto rico  we traveled to the island to assess the…
general mattis is the only cabinet member with true and bi-partisan respect on the hill proud to have helped move…
last month  i accepted an award from canadian consul general james villenueve to mark arizona s first congressional…
instead of working together with democrats in good faith  house ag republicans are taking up their partisan…
  realdonaldtrump  only took ~30 lawsuits to visit world s 6th largest economy  not looking to pick fight but if ca values threatened  ready
thanks everyone who took time out to join our congresson your corner this afternoon in long grove  it was great to h…
 danarohrabacher   danarohrabacher voted to raise taxes in  ca48   hurt his constituents  and hurt the california economy  enough is enough 
rep   louiseslaughter s passing is a huge loss  she was a groundbreaking leader & spirited representative for ny-25…
thanks to aif for being the  voiceofflbiz from pinellas to tallahassee to washington – putting florida and our econ…
rt  rachels23  thank you congressman  cbrangel for your service and voice in the battle against hunger  nohungernyc
9th best female rap collaboration  monie love - my buddy this old school classic features a guest appearance by…
my response to the  sotu  
enoughis enough  sometimes we need good trouble
 they don t have a wagon for him to ride in right now   is part of the challenge the dem senate nominee faces in al…
i had a wonderful meeting with dreamers this morning from my district and around il  we owe it to these talented y…
so incredibly proud of all the students in louisville and throughout our nation participating in today s…
rt  alexgangitano  shout out to  nitalowey for putting all my favorite girl power songs in one place international…
rt  namigeorgia  september is national suicide prevention awareness month—a time to share resources  suicide preven…
our great government is closed for business  this is the first time in history that the government has shut down wh…
visited  biotronik_us & micro systems engineering inc  in lake oswego  top innovators in the medical device field p…
as we recognize international womens day and celebrate the countless contributions women have made throughout our hi…
i join in wishing the people of israel and all who cherish it a very happy yom ha atzmaut as we continue to stand u…
the house armed services committee rejected my amendment to stop refueling the saudi bombing campaign against houth…
it was incredibly powerful to meet rose gunter  niece of recy taylor and  repbonnie s guest to the  sotu   thank you…
rt  yolieoc   repgutierrez  repraulgrijalva  repespaillat  repjayapal  gracenapolitano  keithellison  repbarragan  repschakowsky  reprubeng…
congratulations to  hfhs59 on this grant to help students better learn and explore science 
while republicans claim to be fiscally  responsible   the pattern of irresponsible spending under republicans is cl…
rt  bostonherald    repjoekennedy now questioning facebook founder mark zuckerberg     mapoli zuckerberg
rt  abcpolitics  in contentious exchange  rep  rosa delauro presses education sec  devos on potential plan to preempt state regulations on…
koch-funded groups remain hell-bent on making a quick buck off of our veterans by privatizing the va  we should b…
on the campaign trail   potus explicitly advocated banning all muslims from entering this country  the hateful  dis…
our veterans make our country proud  on veterans day  we honor their sacrifices and their bravery
happy onam to the kerala community   sv   ca17 
i ve introduced a bill to create a website through which consumers can find info about pro…
it was great to read a book with kids from  bgccf yesterday at the  ocps_ace  when we inspire the imagination of c…
democrats have now flipped 40 state legislative seats from red to blue 
we need to invest a minimum of  124 billion a year to improve the conditions & performance of our roads and bridges  /3
rt  keithellison  remember this history  not until 1964 with the passage of the 24th amendment were poll taxes banned  don t let that work…
rt  fcnl  thanks again  jahimes for giving us words of encouragement as we work today and moving forward for citizenship for dreamers …
this week  repstefanik and i introduced a bill to require foreign media outlets operating in the us to disclose tie…
rt  edworkforcedems   icymi  after a 13-hour markup  republicans passed the partisan  prosper  act under the cover of night
it s great to have  anthonyfoxx back in district 1 for  rtcsnv s  todsnv  transportation infrastructure smart city
good news  the  deptvetaffairs just released new data showing that the el paso va cut the opioid dispensing rate by…
 how wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world   -anne frank than…
small businesses not only provide good paying jobs to our neighbors and friends  they also invigorate our local com…
…threats like contaminated drinking water or polluted air caused by powerful businesses that do not live in the area affected 
it was great to have lt  governor justin fairfax at the hampton roads chamber diversity in business forum this afte…
rt  house_drtf  today  democracy reform task force chair  repsarbanes joined a group of bipartisan lawmakers calling on  realdonaldtrump to…
together with  phxwater   scottsdaleazgov and  gilbertyourtown  we re working to protect clean drinking water for a…
rt  heraldradio  on now with  repjoekennedy talking parkland school shooting and more  listen  mapoli
i introduced the nope act to bring much-needed accountability to washington  it s time our elected officials are he…
rt  whiphoyer  i join in congratulating  repbradashford on the passage of the chip in for vets act--legislation he introduced to help nebra…
today is international womens day  retweet & tag the women in your life you think should be honored  as we celebr…
it was a humbling experience visiting the new gold star families memorial monument in san jose this week  we must n…
no better way to start the day in southwestern wi than with a stop  kickapoocoffee in viroqua  great local biz with…
i ll be on  cnnsitroom with  wolfblitzer in about 10 minutes  i hope you can tune in 
dr  susan la flesche picotte was the first native american woman to earn a medical degree in the u s  she worked as…
rt  nancypelosi  whether it s separating immigrant children from their families or stealing from funds dedicated to children s health to pa…
before you leave   speakerryan  how about finally working with dems on bipartisan priorities like  - passing common-…
rt  repdankildee  four years later  flint families are still recovering from the water crisis and having to use filters & bottled water  in…
rt  repjoekennedy  on may 4  2017  all of these men gleefully celebrated passing a bill that would have taken mental health care from milli…
great to talk education  science  and sports with fellow  uoregon duck  fitness advocate  and two time olympic cham…
today is national black hiv/aids awareness day  nbhhad   please take the time to go get tested  it s important  test…
as a member of the house education and the workforce committee  i was excited to attend an open house of the new en…
on holocaust remembrance day  we take a moment  pause  and pay respect to the millions who were killed and to honor…
thanks to the texas association of business   txbiz  for having us and for the great questions and conversation abo…
 may their efforts these days guarantee that there are not winners and losers under new tax laws  but benefits bala…
flying under the radar on capitol hill  the house ag committee is considering the farm bill – a massive piece of le…
rt  mycommtrans  today  a personal call from  fta_dot acting administrator k  jane williams lead to our ceo emmett heath pushing the button…
yes  i m very impressed w the smart  informed and passionate  letoleadership  letohighschool students  i see publi…
one of my concerns w/housegop cr bill- there are provisions that are not included that might have been… i just look…
rt  sandyhook  thank you  reprutherfordfl  repteddeutch  rephalrogers &  repderekkilmer for introducing the bipartisan s t o p school violence…
rt  houseforeign  10amet  cmte considers  repschneider s global engagement center authorities act
thank you for stopping by 
best of luck to three of ann arbor s own -  maiashibutani   alexshibutani and  evan_bates - in tonight s…
oh yeah  this is happening  on my way to poulsbo  lutefisk   ediblewithbacon
rt  hfacdemocrats  140 house democrats to trump  follow the law  impose sanctions on russia 
rt  housenewdems  welcome to the new dem coalition   replawrence 
from chicago to parkland   reprobinkelly makes clear gun violence is a national epidemic  time for  speakerryan to…
rt  repyvetteclarke  clean water is a basic human right  and the flint water crisis should be a wake-up call  lead poisoning is a real dang…
today  i joined with bipartisan committee leadership in a letter calling for robust funding to support the ongoing…
today we are standing with advocates and allies outside the supreme court to raise our voices and say…
rt  repcohen  james comey can t handle  lyin  comey  site  is leaving the republican party a  party  with no soul s…
it s a bird  it s a crane  check out how you can view the largest container cranes on the west coast coming to the…
puerto rico is facing another blackout - seven months after hurricane maria  millions of americans are without powe…
a little wind wasn t enough to stop us from coming together to kick off the teaneck baseball organization s opening…
the g o p tax scam gave a trillion dollars to billionaires & massive corporations  now  republicans want to gut the ch…
proud to see 2 of my bills pass the house to strengthen the nursing workforce and improve access to maternity care 
rt  hascdemocrats  will president trump s military strikes in syria advance u s  interests  what should we make of  comey s new book  watc…
i hosted a roundtable w/ wa01  housing authorities   ccsww &  snocounty at sebastian place to talk about how we can…
rt  yvetteclarke  fact  91 people per day die from gun violence  rt to say it s far past time we disarmhate 
tuesday thoughts the continued failure of  usps to remedy issues and implement structural fixes in  ny17  is unacc…
congratulations to chief greg baker  mary dankowski  deloris janota  yvonne robinson  doug ulreich & the non-partis…
it s not enough just to win  you have to make people s lives better  i m running for congress because our progress…
proud to have signed onto a letter to  secnielsen from  nydiavelazquez &  sengillibrand demanding that the trump ad…
if you have student loans  you ve benefited from an interest break   housegop is cutting that because to give…
teachers understand that an investment in public education is an investment in our future  unfortunately  this sent…
parents like nicole and mark did not ask to become a part of this movement  a part of this narrative  nor did folks…
 wjcrew anyone posting results today from winslow regatta 
rt  alliance4youth  icymi -  younginvincibles hosted a press conference to announce the help students vote act  with  corybooker&  congress…
the board directs the exercise of the powers of the postal service  directs & controls its expenditures  reviews it…
rt  housejuddems  🆕judiciary and  oversightdems release key takeaways from interview with cambridge analytica whistleblower
  sunrun is helping fuel co s alternative energy boom  and today i was pleased to tour their denver design center a…
rt  mitchellreports    reprubengallego  the fact is - the president lost  he wasn t able to get his border wall  congress tried to give him…
rt  hispaniccaucus   repeliotengel thank you  repeliotengel for standing with puerto rico and the usvi 
 madangel07  garywhite13 our district includes e orange  all osceola and e polk counties  takes over 2 hours to get across 
walking away from the iran nuclear agreement  a tool that makes the us and our allies safer  is among the most ludi…
during national police week  we thank the brave men & women in uniform who protect our communities & honor those who…
great to be with my youth cabinet at our last meeting before summer break  talking about the value of public servic…
rt  senatorserrano  great being with my friend councilwoman  vanessalgibson at today s caucus weekend reception in albany  bronx
 tericbakutis we have tried  each side of the aisle has their own staff  website  and social media  here is the democrats   scicmtedems 
earlier today  house democrats provided an update on the trump shutdown  watch the video here 
rt  housesbcdems  committee democrats are thrilled to kick-off national small business week  follow along as we highlight all things small b…
fewer than 45 of 500 corporations have shared their tax benefits with workers through bonuses  which – again – is n…
 sammamet  co_municipal  caroldodge17  northglennco thanks for taking the time to meet 
great celebration in baldwin park today  happy lunar new year to everyone across the san gabriel valley and around t…
i will remember ed as a good friend and one of the kindest individuals i have ever met  he will remain the epitome…
today i joined my colleagues in the house as a cosponsor to  repjerrynadler s bipartisan legislation to protect spe…
rt  nashobabrooks  thanks to  nikiinthehouse for meeting with our grade 8 students as they toured dc  no worries about the bowling  just le…
more than 55 000 consumers sign petition urging  nestle to label gmos on the package  justlabelit
hawaii  alaska  guam & the mainland have been placed in the crosshairs of the intensifying nuclear threat posed by…
small businesses are the bread and butter of our economy  they make up 99 7% of employer firms and account for 64%…
it was inspiring to see so many new faces eager to stand up against deplorable trump policies at the  tcdp  atxlt  y…
i find my courage from your support  thank you 
budgets are about priorities and choices  president trumps proposed budget would hurt working families and the vuln…
∙  realdonaldtrump would  love to see a shutdown  ∙  speakerryan controls the house ∙  senatemajldr controls t…
rt  thegrio  last night at the gridiron dinner  trump stated  repmaxinewaters should get an iq test  auntie maxine clapped right back 
thanks👏🏾👍🏽
recently met with canadian mps and discussed how we can build upon our trading partnership and address global steel…
the trump budget would mean cuts to medicare  medicaid  science  and education  while wasting countless taxpayer do…
 as executives tell investors what they intend to do with their tax savings & their spending plans are tabulated in…
congresswoman slaughter was a true leader  i am proud to have served with her in congress  her memory will live on…
fue un gran honor colaborar con  repjoseserrano y  nydiavelazquez en este proyecto que le rendirá homenaje a mi ído…
high school artists have until april 17th to submit work for the congressional art competition  details …
what a week  about to join  alexwitt on  msnbc to discuss the release of the nunes memo  tune in
a mind to work   the link between stress and heart disease may lie in the brain via  forbes
in connecticut  women make just 82 cents on average for every dollar a man makes  proud to see the ct house taking…
tomorrow i would appreciate your vote to continue working as your common sense congressman in  mn07   
congrats to my good friend  repmcgovern on being named the ranking member of the house rules committee  very proud…
rt  vetaffairsdems  trump should spend less time undermining 2020census & focus on questions that matter   uscensusbureau  if we are to se…
rt  housejuddems  rm  repjerrynadler s statement for the hearing by the subcommittee on crime  terrorism  homeland security  and investigat…
rt  repjerrynadler  if  realdonaldtrump were to move against dag rosenstein  it is clear the president s intent would be to interfere with…
it s been 17 days since the worst mass shooting in us history - & congress still hasn t taken action to help end gun violence 
it s overwhelming to see the sheer magnitude of lynchings across the state of alabama and across the country  these…
great to get back to my roots as a doctor and drop by kaiser permanente medical center to see how they re working t…
rt  pcoschallenge    pcoschallenge worked w/  repdavidscott & 20 other leaders in the u s  house of representatives to recognize  pcos 
i stand with 171 of my colleagues against the trump administration s medicaid work requirements  these requirement…
photo of the day- an early retirement and birthday gift from my staff in seattle 
april is donate life month  visit to learn more about helping to save lives by registering…
rt  bluevirginia  video  rep   gerryconnolly rips trump foreign policy  says steve bannon s  ghost…continues to haunt the white house   htt…
this new report by  cthealth shows how many people in ct benefited from the aca s medicaid expansion  we cannot let…
i had reservations  given admiral jackson s lack of administrative experience  and recent allegations have only added to those reservations 
 health insurers say higher obamacare premiums are coming  and it s republicans  fault 
 johnnizich  royalmrbadnews  woodpecker785 👏🏻
tmrw  10am  my colleague on the  housesbcdems ranking member  nydiavelazquez will be joining me for a women busines…
comprehensive immigration reform is the moral imperative of our nation  america needs a fair & just immigration system   scotus   daca   dapa 
i ll be joining  cnntonight with  donlemon tonight at 10 30pm et to discuss the president s upcoming state of the u…
getting ready for today s  waysmeanscmte hearing with  hhsgov secretary azar on the department s 2019 fiscal year b…
today we celebrate 13 yrs of service of  usnavy  aircraftcarrier  gipper_76 - ty sailors who have & do serve aboard 
millions of americans have been gathering to raise their collective voices & demand change  without your activism a…
commitment to equality is not measured in words  it s measured in actions  nine years ago today  democrats passed a…
everyone should be paying attention  the gop farm bill approved by house ag committee includes the king amendment …
i want to work with my republican colleagues to enhance our nation s health care in a thoughtful  bipartisan manner…
my statement on today s senate agreement to temporarily fund government operations through february 8th 
a decision like  realdonaldtrump s steel tariff plan requires careful & strategic consideration  not an off the cu…
make no mistake  trump and his anti-immigrant administration wants to punish communities with significant minority…
this teacher appreciation week  i m grateful for the many teachers who made a difference in my life--bob caruso  jef…
wonderful discussion going with community members in idaho springs coffee with your congressman town hall
 openletterbot  amfulay many thanks for your thoughtful letter and kind words on my service  hope you enjoyed two trains as much as i did 
net neutrality = free & open internet  fighting to save the internet for consumers & smallbiz 
pleased pa received extension for real id through october 10  2018  current pa ids will allow you to board commercial aircraft through then 
i really enjoy being able to take a few minutes out of my day to sit down and talk to young people from  la02 
rt  autismvotes  thank you rep   nydiavelazquez for meeting with  autismspeaks and  autonomyworks to discuss employment opportunities for i…
congress and the country have lost a great leader  and i have lost a great friend with the passing of congresswoman…
i had a great conversation on the  bpshow  we discussed everything from my bipartisan efforts to end workplace sexu…
rt  aldiaceo  thank you for your participation in this a l d i a live event  u s  congressman  repdwightevans  brought memories from my first…
martin luther king s final speech   i ve been to the mountaintop  via  youtube
 rd32_era &  eagles better win that super bowl       don t let me down 
we get one shot at a farm bill every five years  are you willing to trade it for  speakerryan s last shot at taking…
today  i was proud to reintroduce a bipartisan resolution in honor of pi day and the important investments we need…
ventura county airports drive local growth  i voted for faa bill to support their operations  improve airline consu…
thank you to the  uscg  who rescued a lost eugene man who was stuck in the remote wilderness earlier this week 
an economy that works for everyone has opportunities for workers to learn the skills they need to compete  this art…
more proof that this administration and the  gop  have failed our fellow citizens in puerto rico  this is outrageous…
fun time playing catch and baseball today in carson  we ll be in compton next sunday at wilson park and will conti…
as  potus talks about a wall that would waste millions of taxpayers  dollars  i will work to ensure real investment…
    and instead nominate someone who has had experience running a large organization  and one who would have garner…
rt  fwd_us  leslie is a dreamer from ca and a guest of  reploucorrea at  sotu   thank you congressman for standing with dreamers  protect dr…
rt  zjmodi  thanks to maddie in  daveloebsack office for meeting with our team about the importance of kidney donation and funding  kidney…
rt  hascdemocrats    repadamsmith statement on trump withdrawal from iran nuclear deal jcpoa  jcpoa 
the people of my district depend on federal housing subsidies  i will fight relentlessly to ensure  secretarycarson…
 baltimoresun i voted against this bill  and i m working with  housedemocrats to fix our government and our politic…
rt  transportdems   the commercial application of drones has incredible promise of benefits across a multitude of disciplines and applicati…
rt  donnayoungdc    repgenegreen  economic cost of opioidcrisis is  78 5 billion per year  says a bill he s working on would give  fda  aut…
rt  cacadmissions  o halleran visits cac workforce program via  cgdispatch
rt  nulpolicy  our friends at  phone2action are getting  marcmorial set up to send his members of congress a letter advocating for the vot…
rt  repcohen  proud to introduce fair fees amendment to f a a  americans too often faced w/absurd fees in airtravel--penalties for schedule…
the president s rash action calls the united states  treaty-making ability into question and places doubt on our co…
rt  sandrafluke  congrats to  mikebonin  juliabrownley  senricardolara on their  sierraclub awards 
republicans  self-professed love for president reagan is hard to square with their rejection of his common-sense ap…
in northwest oregon  we celebrate the mighty columbia river  the vital willamette  hundreds of streams  creeks  mar…
assad s horrific chemical attacks on the syrian people cannot go unchallenged  but our constitution requires that c…
wishing everyone a happy easter 
rt  amjoyshow    repmaxinewaters  some republicans now are talking about the tariffs & the harm that it s going to cause  but they re not s…
rt  repjoecrowley  whether it s healthcare  jobs  security  or equality   housedemocrats are fighting for all americans at our policy confer…
  epascottpruitt is currently the subject of at least seven different independent federal investigations  he needs…
trump budget cuts  25 million from school safety initiatives/eliminates school violence emergency response program …
this magnificent earth was created for all of us  united  we can preserve its wonders for the next generation  happ…
did you know the  irs  offers steps you can take now to ensure smooth processing of your taxes in 2018 …
the time may be finally coming when the voices of grieving parents and terrified students will be heard over the bo…
rt  repcheri    speakerryan s strategy  step 1  pass a tax scam that explodes the national debt by trillions to give billionaires tax cuts…
happy nowruz to my persian friends and constituents  i hope the year 1397 brings you all good health and joy 
rt  waysmeanscmte  republicans promised that giving corporations massive tax cuts would lead to investments in workers  but big companies a…
great to speak with students from belleville s mcbride middle school about the issues that matter to them today in…
rt  giffordscourage  watch  combat veterans explain why weapons of war don t belong on our streets  hear their stories and join them this w…
join us on saturday  june 3rd for the coalition for a better illinois 6th town hall featuring special guest jan   
 icymi   rep  tulsi gabbard calls on epa administrator scott pruitt to resign
joined by ms  nahrain hamama   sotu  her husband is among  100 mi iraqi christians arrested & detained last year by…
ranking member  frankpallone &  repgenegreen are right  it s time for congress to look at the rising number of amer…
and it goes beyond what happened in my office—this issue is systemic across the board  it spans across organization…
after being denied acceptance into lsu law school because of his race  charles hatfield filed a lawsuit against the…
happy birthday to  doloreshuerta  today & every day  thank you for all that you do to improve the lives of workers…
rt  rulesdemocrats  flashback friday  a year ago today   housegop rammed trumpcare through to raise costs and rip healthcare away from mi…
rt  replancenj7    repjoshg & leonard lance were listed as being among the most bipartisan lawmakers in congress by the lugar center  a pub…
and special thanks to the people and families who shared their stories in the report  chris in newberg  tiffany in…
the administration s move to reopen atlantic drilling will jeopardize the economic  environmental  and public healt…
to all those celebrating  i wish you a happy  peaceful  and fulfilling ramadan 
   housegop claims the g o p tax scam is a cut for the middle class  but it eliminates popular deductions that help mi…
rt  homelanddems  decision to cancel temporary protected status for salvadorans is just the latest in a string of heartless  xenophobic act…
congratulations to my ever-inspirational friend and colleague   senduckworth   on her new baby girl – and for advoc…
proud to stand with  repmaxinewaters and  fscdems to fight against discrimination in auto lending  hardworking amer…
tomorrow is the last day of  coveredca s open enrollment period  to sign up  renew or learn more about your health…
there is overwhelming support for a  daca  solution  but the house has not been allowed to vote on a single proposal…
ut grad students spoke out against the g o p tax scam tax on tuition waivers  i proposed to repeal this tax in the way…
today s discoveries provide great hope for the future of cancer prevention & treatment  while it is uncertain what…
gop falsely sold g o p tax scam as bill for middle-class families – but that couldn t be farther from truth  not only…
black history month may be over  but black history in the making never stops  i was proud to co-host an event with t…
the immigration debate is not a war of words between two parties  it is about real people s lives  thanks to…
rt  uscgaux  the coast guard presented the coast guard medal for heroism to petty officer 1st class jacob hylkema at coast guard station gr…
rt  public_citizen  we knew scott pruitt was in bed with the energy lobbyists  we didn t know it was literally true  boot pruitt
rt  nancypelosi  reminder   trickle-down economics  has no basis in reality  g o p tax scam
had a chance to catch up with two centennial state visitors representing  naralcolorado  here in dc for a rally as…
rt  congressmanraja  we don t have to choose between being safe and living our values  a compassionate america *is* a safe america  refuge…
the sokolow family & supporting plaintiffs in this case deserve to seek justice for enduring terrorist attacks in i…
rt  vtdigger  rep   peterwelch met with service providers  law enforcement and health officials to hear about how federal funding could hel…
rt  allinwithchris  vote to impeach trump will happen next week  rep  green inners
rt  blanca_e_rubio  great  sierraclubca political leadership awards honoring cm  mikebonin & rep   juliabrownley  congratulations 
wishing a happy independence day to the people and nation of pakistan and to the pakistani americans in  ca17  
rt  scicmtedems  read ranking member  repdonbeyer opening statement for second blockchaintechnology hearing
rt  housebudgetdems    repdankildee  america s cities and towns are where innovation occurs  yet the modest federal support they receive is…
a8  i m glad that he s now traveling coach  his misuse of taxpayer dollars to fund first-class travel and accommoda…
great to talk to the maryland delegation of the council of insurance agents and brokers this afternoon   theciab
you can take a stand against sexual assault w/ everyday actions  stand up against victim blaming  shut down rape jo…
sessions doesn t remember what he said  when he said it  & where he was when he said it  don t blame him  time to go back to the plantation 
i have many serious questions about facebook here 
had a great conference w/ anti-drug coalitions   cadca  thanks to all who participated  more here via  macombdaily
 dyk  nearly 143 000 of the bridges in the us are structurally deficient or functionally obsolete  nearly one in every four bridges    2/
i ve joined colleagues on legislation to reject the  fcc order that eliminates netneutrality  we need a free & o…
 kevinabullard62  groovephigroove thank you  brother 
a moment of silence won t ease the suffering in parkland  fl  i m calling for swift passage of gun safety legislati…
diverse viewpoints and backgrounds bring new perspectives that will only help tech companies become more successful…
there is nothing  small  about the impact of small biz on our economy  they have created 40% of all new jobs over t…
our criminal justice system is broken and unsustainable  according to the hawaiʻi department of public safety  psd …
2/ guess who trump hired at  hhsgov to oversee the pharmaceutical industry  an executive from a major bigpharma fir…
a move that will cost americans both at the pump and the doctor s office  polluting pruitt boot pruitt
rt  khaaliss2  i am so ecstatic   keithellison officially provided me a copy of the official congressional record recognizing meda for its…
the horrific  despicable  and racist practice of lynching spawned their activism  african-american women stood at t…
rt  gregorymeeks  tbt to laughing w/  cbrangel as we often do  thank you charlie for your dedication  decades of service  & most of all fo…
why do 47% of white men have unfavorable opinions toward oprah 
the comments this morning by john kelly are offensive and they don t represent the america i know  my mom came here…
yesterday i discussed the ongoing farm bill negotiations with members of the southwest council of agribusiness in w…
i strongly support meals on wheels and its invaluable service to provide our seniors with nutritious meals  friendl…
the vast majority of the american people support the dream act  it s time for  speakerryan to bring it to the floor  dream act now
proud to announce this grant for  redlandsfd  which will allow them to make upgrades to critical safety equipment 
i call on mr  pruitt to resign because americans cannot and should not be the victim of his abuse of power 
rt  officialcbc  today  we called on the senate to reject the nomination of kyle duncan to be a judge on the u s  court of appeals for the…
this inequality holding back women and working families back  women are increasingly the sole or co-breadwinner in…
proud to have signed onto a letter to  secnielsen from  nydiavelazquez &  sengillibrand demanding that the trump a…
just spoke to the united auto workers union  uaw about manufacturing and jobs in america and maryland  i ve known…
a national embarrassment that our fellow americans are left to suffer without the aid they need  the administration…
rt  pennsylvaniagov  happy pride month  pennsylvania  love is love
rt  indivisibleatx  reasonable gun safety measures keep us safe  by  replloyddoggett
in congress  i ve supported similar approaches allowing the federal government to negotiate drug prices under medic…
our economy is thriving but it has put a strain on colorado s housing supply and infrastructure  on 3/31  i m hosti…
reminder  tomorrow  my d c  office will be hosting an open house from 3-5pm for constituents in town for the…
thanks for joining me for another telephone town hall  i value your time  and it s always helpful for me to have a…
rt  latinofocus  tbt leadership forum  capitol hill a necessary step to economic success  homeownership is a bipartisan issue 
immigrants make up every echelon of our workforce  skills don t matter to this administration  to the immigrant co…
semi-automatic doesn t mean semi-deadly  these are weapons of war  thank you   dicks  for stopping the sale of assa…
rt  transportdems  icymi  ranking member  reppeterdefazio released the following op-ed in yesterday s washington times expressing concern o…
i m so grateful to have had the opportunity to share this experience with my mom  this is a very important reminder…
i am proud to work with my colleagues  billpascrell and  pattiberi to address this issue by introducing the stop ac…
the fta juts approved a  75m grant to double the size of tacoma s lightrail and add 6 stations  that s great news f…
rt  evanhalper   i am concerned you have no idea what is going on in your name in your agency    reppaultonko says after pruitt argued the…
joined  nancypelosi and other members of the problem solvers caucus to meet with  technetupdate leaders to discuss…
unfortunately  president trump has taken steps to retreat from american global leadership in the fight for a better…
3  trumpcare = gutting key health protections  waives protections for pre-existing conditions and essential health benefits   4/6 
rt  lcvoters  thanks  repmikequigley for calling out  epascottpruitt for refusing to tackle climate change 
rt  senjohnmccain    potus s pardon of joe arpaio  who illegally profiled latinos  undermines his claim for the respect of rule of law
today i introduced the collaborative water & soil enhancement act to address topsoil loss and protect drinking wate…
tune in to  msnbc today at 1 00pmet/12 00pmct for my conversation w/ alexwitt on  mlk50  &the historic week ahead  p…
a more diverse tech workforce leads to higher revenues and more creative teams so why aren t companies doing more t…
proud to bear an f rating from the  nra  joining with  repjohnyarmuth to call on our republican colleagues to take…
rt  admzukunft  in my final testimony today  i thanked  judgecarter   reproybalallard of the hac-hls committee for their unwavering support…
rt  repmarciafudge  snap is the country s most effective anti-hunger program  helping 1 in 8 americans afford a basic diet  with most recip…
trump s decision to pull the u s  out the of iran nuclear deal will inevitably bring us to the brink of war  those…
rt  randimarshall  lots of news in today s point  will  amtrak respond to  reptomsuozzi and others  who are requesting more workers to get…
rt  hascdemocrats  there is zero credible evidence that this policy has negatively affected readiness  by issuing this decision   realdonal…
rt  officialcbc  since nine h b c us are celebrating 150 years of excellence this year  the cbc decided to honor them and other h b c us across…
appreciate the response of all federal  state  and local entities addressing the dangerous threat of asian carp 
even now  hope remains  cities and states are leading the fight to combat climate change  and americans remain enga…
today we celebrate the life of crystal bird fauset  she was the first black female state legislator in america  i…
these opportunity zone designations will help build on our ongoing community development efforts  and encourage add…
on this gold star spouses day  please keep in your thoughts the wives and husbands of us servicemembers who have gi…
attention veteran parents/parents-to-be  va is hosting  nationwide baby shower  to increase awareness of va benefit…
rt  repdankildee  four years later  flint families are still recovering from the water crisis and having to use filters & bottled water  in…
every day of inaction on  daca  costs 122 dreamers their status  this is unacceptable - congress must pass the…
in the aftermath of g o p tax scam  we re witnessing how bad it really is  massive tax breaks for the wealthiest ameri…
if  drain the swamp  had any meaning for  realdonaldtrump  he would have fired  epascottpruitt long ago 
we must continue to honor the life and legacy of dr  martin luther king jr  by speaking out against injustice and n…
looking forward to our next congress on your corner this saturday at libertyville high school  district128  hope to…
may is military appreciation month  to all of you who are serving or have served  thank you  we honor and recognize…
mayor  johnostenburg   we need to look at the quality of life issues  if your community can t maintain your parks a…
rt  repswalwell  congress must vote immediately to protect mueller and trump russia investigation  integrity of your democracy is at risk 
i m honored to have earned an f rating from the  nra for supporting commonsense gun safety legislation  alongside…
proud to cosponsor a bill to protect the mueller investigation  we must make clear to the president that firing the…
just so i m clear on this  it s perfectly safe to have guns in schools filled with innocent children  but not at an…
 nometrealtors  nickalbares  labudgetproject q1  who will be most negatively affected by the g o p tax plan  how will…
excited to have king felix  robbie cano  and ichiro back in town  go  mariners 
had a visit from the ri funeral directors association s raymond butterfield iii and jeffrey wilson to discuss buria…
joined  powayunified students at a town hall for our lives event this weekend  seeing the next generation be leaders o…
rt  alexlimonnews  this is what  reploucorrea told me after the congressional  hispaniccaucus met with the president s chief of staff to di…
rt  maryscenter  thx  repraskin s for acknowledging our work in moco  maryscenter  cornerstonemoco  mercyhealthc &  mobilemed9309  carefir…
kids who get the opportunity to learn and grow in head start & other early childhood education programs are better…
proud to join my colleagues 
evaluating options can be confusing  but pros listed at are ready to help nh families navigate this year s plans 
enjoying campaigning today and meeting new friends 
rt  naacp  the justices unanimously agreed  on june 12  1967  proscriptions against interracial marriage were declared unconstitutional   l… 
 senbobcorker donald trump lacks integrity and has not been willing or able to assume the moral leadership and seri…
later this month  i m hosting a commemoration ceremony in wheeling  illinois for local veterans of the vietnam war…
i m not surprised that  realdonaldtrump s idea of an infrastructure package means giveaways to the wealthiest & hig…
rt  buddmishkinny1  830pm   ny1  our 2015  ny1oneon1 profile   cbrangel re growing up in harlem  surviving korean war  & singing adler s sh…
rt  cnntonight   we should be ready for the president to fire rod rosenstein and then for the republicans to do what they ve done all along…
all communities benefit from  snap   it s a critical program that 40 million americans count on to lift themselves &…
it s been 5 months and  mickmulvaneyomb hasn t let the  cfpb issue a single sanction  he has utterly failed to unde…
rt  dorismatsui  social security keeps 22 million americans – including 1 million kids – out of poverty  happy 80th anniversary  social sec…
happy easter to  nj08  
last week  i voiced my concerns w/  thejusticedept ag sessions abt  proposed changes in doj that could impact acces…
it was an honor to meet w/ the remarkable students & educators at charlie keyan armenian community school today …
last evening i honored our  mercedcounty students who entered the 2018 congressional art competition at  mercedarts…
what trump meant by draining the swamp  promoting trump biz from the oval office flouting emoluments clause privat…
you know who will be most affected by janusv a f s c m e  black women  to be clear  janus is nothing more than the…
town halls are the most effective way for me to talk directly with my constituents  thanks to everyone in clackamas…
rt  senatorcarper  earlier today  i questioned the  commercegov department s chief human capital officer about the lack of nominees for the…
 dhsgov indiscriminate and aggressive raids throughout california make californians less safe  i joined…
rt  repjimmypanetta  louise slaughter was a trailblazer  a champion for women & diversity and a cherished colleague  i will miss her leader…
so happy  thepointsguy recognizes the need to protect small business 
stunning that  mickmulvaneyomb wont drop this plan-it will harm the thousands who rely on the world trade center he…
rt  cgagroup  yesterday  repdarrensoto visited cornerstone client  kratossatellite s expanded facility in orlando and spoke about the impor…
rt  umdsga  thank you fellow terp and a former sga director of city affairs  repswalwell for meeting with us today to talk about  uofmaryla…
we were elected to lead  have courage  have the raw courage to make a down-payment on ending gun violence in america  we cannot wait 
i was honored to join  aaiusa this morning to talk about important issues at home & abroad that matter to arab amer…
pleased to be joined by  repbarbaralee  cosponsor of h res621 articles of impeachment in memphis as we honor…
while i am glad that the omnibus appropriations bill provided much needed resources to important progressive priori…
rt  townhallproject    repbarragan is holding another  catch with your congresswoman    ca44   bring your mitts and your pressing question…
our servicemembers have earned certain basic benefits like knowing their families & homes are taken care of while t…
  kuhoops loses in the first round and  mizzou  mizzouhoops goes all the way   let the madness begin   miz 
happy passover to all celebrating this special time  peace and joy   
rt  jaclyncorin  i will march for the 7 000 kids who once filled these shoes 
great meeting this weekend w/  judibosworth s veterans advisory committee about work we re doing in congress & what…
there have been over 25 oil spills in the united states alone since the deepwater disaster in 2010 and yet  trump s…
rep  cicilline is calling for mark zuckerberg to appear before the house judiciary committee to answer questions ab…
 during jewish american heritage month  we reflect on the rich history and culture of jewish americans     from re…
icymi  as the most trade dependent state   eximbankus is crucial to expand market access for  wa  exports  i urge th…
tomorrow  team clark invites  ma5  seniors to join them for our monthly office hours  can t make it  find more oppor…
visited the center for employment training yesterday  which provides job training to santa maria residents  i was p…
my thoughts & prayers are w/ the victims of the n y c terrorist attack- & i thank  nypdnews for their swift response n y c strong
rt  hispaniccaucus   the chief of staff s bigoted comments about immigrants seeking refuge are a slap in the face to the generations of peo…
rt  aflcio  while the us drags its feet on investing in infrastructure  the world is passing us by  we can t wait any longer  the time to bu…
today i m calling on the house ethics committee to make it crystal clear that members of congress are required to r…
so pleased to hear that professor syed jamal has been released and will be reunited with his family  while this is…
honored to join  repryancostello to intro a resolution designating the week of april 23-27 as  skills for today wee…
tonight — join me at a student town hall on gun violence at west haven high school 
important story in  newsday  i ve sent a letter to the irs urging them to let residents pay their 2018 property tax…
100yrs ago 2day  jeannette rankin is 1st woman to hold federal office  was elected to serve 2 non-consecutive term…
you won t believe this  the republicans had to admit they don t spare the disabled from cuts to food assistance du…
unless congress acts by end of week  funding to support chcs will expire putting access to care for 300k  oregonian…
rt  tribelaw  i worry that trump s allies in congress will trump up a contempt citation against rosenstein  recall holder    or even a bill…
i commend the  nsf for taking steps to stop taxpayer money from going to sexual abusers  and hope other federal fun…
the wage gap is even more egregious for women of color  black women earn only 63 cents per dollar  native american…
my thoughts and prayers are with former president george h w  bush and his family during this difficult time of los…
 gop remember the  wellsfargo scandal  with this vote   gop is protecting big banks  like  wellsfargo  from being sued by abused customers 
 greggorman3 i wasn t joking  it wasn t hate speech  and it s  you re  
rt  repalgreen  habari gani  i want to wish a joyous and happy kwanzaa to all celebrating this holiday season 
being briefed by incident commander john pierson at the eagle creek fire site 
this picture speaks volume  houston and texas strong  it s great to see former presidents  former first ladies  and…
rt  aguscipolicy    repcartwright &  replancenj7 introduced the prepare act to enhance government preparedness for extreme weather incident…
congress has just 60 legislative days to restore net neutrality  i ll be joining  usrepmikedoyle and  senmarkey tom…
show your lake erie love today  great lakes
rt  darienldavis  kicking off the morning by watching enviro champ  repbarragan join the hill newsmaker discuss working across the aisle to…
  fcc s repeal of net neutrality makes it harder for small businesses and innovators in the inland empire to compet…
does this mean  realdonaldtrump is considering firing deputy attorney general rosenstein instead …
with coach  nicksabanuofa and the crimson tide at the white house  national champs roll tide
we were originally assured that this page was removed for routine construction  enough time has passed for it to be…
join  officialcbc on tuesday  may 8  2018 from 9 am - 5 pm est for c b c demands justice – a twitter town hall on comm…
senator s passionate advocacy on behalf of hawaii  native hawaiians  his students  veterans  and his contributions…
another example of how  realdonaldtrump promises the sun  the moon  and the stars - but the devil s in the details …
i will vote to support the bipartisan budget agreement when it comes to the floor  here s why 
alan is an intern in my office studying in the united states from france  glad i could bring him as my guest today…
constantino brumidi s  apotheosis of washington  in the capitol dome  figures are supposedly jefferson davis and al…
rt  rbreich  this is no time for complacency  the midterms are over 6 months away  typically  only 40 percent of eligible voters take part…
for more  read my 2015  sacbee_news op-ed on why we need to study gun violence as a public health problem  5/  tbt… 
2/3 it was an honor to work alongside him to improve education for all children  and his legacy will impact the suc…
joining  ncpssm s max richtman shortly for  behind the headlines  via facebook live to talk about our effort to add…
we had a blast yesterday at the bangladesh community annual event in jamaica  nyc 
it s clear that the billionaire wish list has been met  today s g o p tax scam helps the wealthiest families avoid pay…
gearupworks in the west  
last month  our  az_aarp-endorsed senior safe act passed the senate  we re working together to protect az seniors …
this world science day  let s commit to fighting for science and truth 
   dado que el gobierno de puerto rico busca poder proveerle a los residentes de la isla una calidad de vida comparable a la de los estados
some have been here for years  they re part of our communities  they own homes & businesses  removing them would hurt families & the economy
kudos to netherlands law enforcement for taking down anon-ib  the epicenter for nonconsensual pornography  aka…
tune in  i ll talk with  mitchellreports in just a few minutes about  realdonaldtrump visiting california 
rt  jamiedhancock  bill to protect special counsel mueller clears senate panel despite opposition from  johncornyn   tedcruz |  nicolecoble…
tomorrow is the last day to submit art for the 2018 congressional art competition  can t wait to see the amazing di…
rt  beschlossdc   nixon blasts  false charges   
today was the date  realdonaldtrump determined  daca  would end  march 5 is here & dreamers are thankfully here  go…
we need forward-thinking solutions to tackle this issue  and my amendment would help us turn the site into somethin…
rt  hildasolis  day 3 of our  countyofla dc trip & today i met with  jimmygomezca &  repbarragan  ty for your hard work to defend  protect…
san pedro s korean friendship bell rang 39 times today- once for each year dr  martin luther king lived  dr  king …
well said 
on yom hashoah  we remember the 6 million jews who perished at the hands of the nazis  today we join together to ho…
my food and farm act  expands permanent funding for programs that help beginning and socially disadvantaged farmers g…
one of my favorite people stopped by our office today -  billnye  mars2033 sciencematters
i was deeply honored to join the fresno  usmc league in yesterday s celebration for one of our san joaquin valley…
for more than 2 years  russians used thousands of facebook ads to influence voter sentiment in almost half of the u…
it is really simple  women in congress get paid the same as men  must do the same for the rest of america  fair pay…
thank you  cecilerichards for your many years of service  the fight continues to make sure women are able to access…
standing in front of the epa calling for polluting pruitt to resign   afgenational and americans across the country…
introduced h r  5532 with my colleague  repsanfordsc to expand the reconstruction era national monument in beaufort…
watch rep  correa on the house floor now 
one year ago  our community became the latest to experience a mass shooting we never thought would happen here  aft…
2010 was the tea party  is 2018 the teen party  read here  march for our lives
 a collapse in the rate of union membership for private-sector employees — to 6 5 percent last year from the upper…
   realdonaldtrump claims to want to protect dreamers  but the first dreamer has been deported under his administra…
rt  matteroffacttv  do we need to return to  citizen legislators   a bipartisan group of lawmakers want to limit terms in federal office t…
 cspan on the floor of the house of representatives arguing for the rule of law  it s time to protect the special…
serving the amazing people of the 2nd district is the greatest job in the world  thank you to the center for disabi…
don t forget  this friday is the deadline to get covered through the health care marketplace for 2018  visit…
great to have students from  nardinacademy in d c  for this week s  rocketcontest rocketsonthe hill  tarc2018   stem 
reminder  tomorrow i ll be hosting a tax teach-in on what the g o p tax scam means for sacramento  sign up here …
the decision to add a citizenship question to the 2020 census will have long-lasting consequences for cities & stat…
fifty years ago today  our nation lost an extraordinary champion for justice and equality  dr  king s unflinching f…
the same president who excoriated clinton after fbi found her handling of classified info extremely careless  now u…
congrats  repbarbaralee   prochoicecaucus is in good hands with you &  repdianadegette defending reproprights & a…
misconduct allegations aside  there were many concerns about adm  ronny jackson s qualifications to head the va  ho…
thread  on a daily basis  phl teachers work with students who suffer unbelievable trauma from exposure to violence …
  realdonaldtrump has no idea how the border works  millions of jobs and livelihoods depend on a strong economy on…
great to meet the students at downers grove south high school this morning 
you will want to keep this in mind as you hear the  housegop spin the g o p tax scam today  tax day
joined  repesty and the whole ct congresscrew to greet student protestors from dc  sustain the fight …
coloradans know too well how gun violence causes suffering without end  across our state for nearly two decades  fa…
rt  thisweekabc  scott pruitt pressed on reported significant raises given to two aides  saying he was not aware of the amount or process …
fact  black students  boys  and students with disabilities are disproportionately disciplined in k-12 public school…
omnibus boosts investments for  neaarts  nehgov  which will improve the quality of life for many oregonians and americans 
this morning i will be speaking at the ways and means oversight subcommittee meeting on the opioidcrisis  live str…
 repjoseserrano reitera problema principal de pr es el estatus  al anunciar su voto por  promesa 
i joined  snocosheriff sgt  huri for a ride-along today from the diversion center to monroe to see firsthand how ou…
we should be moving forward  not backwards  on developing more efficient energy sources  it s critical for protecti…
  eximbankus fulfills a critical function in helping u s  business & workers compete on a level playing field when…
polluting pruitt s gotta go  today i joined over 120 of my colleagues on a resolution calling for him to resign  we…
icymi  rep  cicilline laid out democrats  plan to address the high cost of prescription drugs on the house floor  t…
if the president wants to deploy the national guard  he owes us all some straightforward answers about how this dep…
thank you to the national emergency management association for giving me your congressional award  i m proud to be…
snap helps lift people out of poverty and homelessness  the republican proposals to snap are counterproductive to t…
 housebudgetdems according to the  ladepthealth  444 198 louisiana residents have gained affordable health care bec…
ak-chin indian community farmers count on a farm bill that protects az from snap cuts & supports az s family farms …
join me tomorrow at  chicagobotanic for a series of community conversations on the economy  environment  and educat…
thrilled for  provlib which will receive roughly  550 000 through  us_imls s national leadership grants for librar…
thank you to third district residents from  alzheimersmanh who met with me today to discuss ways in which the feder…
honored to serve as commencement speaker  acdcnv s asian and pacific islander student graduation  proud to recogniz…
here s a map of what the proposed routes would look like  to the members representing these districts  do you conse…
as republicans vote to push forward with their irresponsible g o p tax scam  i continue to oppose this bill that raise…
last night i had a wonderful time at the  ndss reception  i spoke with their researchers and learned more about som…
attended a send-off party for the 333rd & 310th military police brigades over the weekend  they will be stationed i…
today students across my district are taking a stand to demand action and end gun violence  i join them in solidarit…
people with an autism spectrum disorder too often face stigma and discrimination  this world autism awareness day  le…
rt  joanne_antoine  13 caribbean american women in politics you need to know  via  carryonfriends black women lead h…
congratulations to melissa for winning this years congressional art competition  and thank you to everyone who subm…
 kennychesney as the rep  for the vi we appreciate your dedication and offer of help to st john  please stay in touch w/me 4 updates  onevi 
they should not be degraded by  potus  in the oval office  no one should  president trump s racist language is just…
my first grant request in congress was to fund the veterans treatment court  which helps address wrongdoings by vet…
rt  justinverlander  roadtripin  with bae
books not bullets  i couldn t agree more  march4 our lives
may is lupus awareness month  this horrible disease affects thousands and is difficult to diagnose  learn more about…
rt  senschumer    realdonaldtrump should heed his own words   if there is a shutdown i think it would be a tremendously negative mark on th…
happy 242nd birthday to the united states marine corps  we wouldn t be the greatest country on earth without the me…
stand with me   housedemocrats  congressmanraja and let s spread the word and vote  it s time for a better deal
house republicans are once again trying to gut the benefits working people have earned – like social security and…
citizens more than others in a time of crisis  puerto rico s colonial status has always put the island at a great d…
wishing everyone of mexican heritage in  wa01  and around the country a safe and happy cinco de mayo  in these challe…
rt  congressmanraja  the gop farm bill would slash snap  our premiere anti-hunger program  by  20 billion  meals from  snap  and its predece…
actually   realdonaldtrump  the mueller investigation has charged 19 different individuals with crimes  including y…
while i am in dc for votes & meetings  my staff back in ct will often attend meetings on my behalf  today  billy fr…
rt  tinderfireinfo  tinder fire 8 623 acres  0% containment - significant growth expected with wind driven fire activity
the deadline to sign up for health care coverage through is this friday  i m also pleased…
yesterday s announcement designating lake erie s western basin as impaired highlights the need for the collaborativ…
fact  60% of americans oppose the construction of a u s  southern border wall  he should listen to the american peo…
attempting to use his security detail s sirens to circumvent dc traffic is just another example of unethical action…
rt  repgwenmoore  this mothers day  i can t imagine the horror of being a child forcibly separated from my mother at the us border  immigra…
i look forward to working with my congressional colleagues on these commonsense digital security solutions that wil…
today  we honor our vietnam war veterans for their sacrifice and thank them for their service  vietnam war veterans day vietnam veterans
one week ago  these students  lives were changed forever  tonight  they re speaking out for change …
rt  uptownadvocate  🔊please spread the word  this sat  3/24  resource fair  hostoscollege for those who were affected by hurricane maria an…
the so-called  pro-life  trump administration s decision to detain pregnant women is shameful  pregnant women need…
if trump faces a primary challenge in  20 he likely wins re-nomination however his chances of winning the general e…
are you a local entrepreneur  my office is hosting a new small business and startup workshop tomorrow in elk grove…
 1/2  my wife  margaret  and i were grateful and humbled to receive the paraclete center s  founders award  last ni…
might as well have called it the donor payback program  government handouts to the wealthy and big corporations are…
rt  postopinions  what do black americans have to lose  under trump  we ve already lost a lot  by  reprichmond
while  epascottpruitt proposed drastic budget cuts to  epa programs that protect americans  health  he blatantly an…
  hunter_college s  roosevelt_house in the room where  fdr  asked francis perkins to be the first woman to serve in…
rt  heliaebrahimi  john sarbanes  son of the senator who brought in corporate transparency   accountability bill sarbanes-oxley asks   are…
be safe and follow northwestern university for updates on this situation as it develops 
choose your spin of the pennsylvania election  pennsylvania election steve israel bi guns…
investigators from the va s office of the medical inspector will be visiting both the roseburg and eugene va facili…
true on 4/21 and more needed now 
right now  you can still apply to renew your daca  if you meet the requirements to apply for daca renewal  you shou…
glad to see my friend bernie sanders has endorsed marie newman for congress here in illinois 
rt  housejuddems  🚨 breaking  🚨 judiciary dems urge  repgoodlatte to bring gun violence prevention legislation before judiciary committee f…
rt  ttdaflcio  the house  faa  bill gets it right  flight attendants need 10 hours of rest and not a minute less  fightfor10 cc  afa_cwa ht…
 reprobinkelly  may the chibok girls feel our spirit and know we re not giving up until they re home   bbog… 
to all those celebrating  i wish you and your family a very happy easter 
rt  riogguardian    repfilemonvela &  utrgv president guy bailey are live on fb discussing federal funding 4 education in south texas 
rt  davideryu  meeting on shared challenges and opportunities in the southland with  normajtorres and  repcardenas today  another great day…
today is national tax day but the deadline to submit your taxes is tuesday  april 17  2018  remember that you can…
discussing my efforts to modernize federal it and the transformation of tysons  redhat congress at your company tow…
love my cousin and esteemed colleague  repmaxinewaters she persisted
rt  susanwbrooks  📱i m proud to join  repannaeshoo to introduce the national non-emergency mobile number act  this commonsense  bipartisan…
by trying to block this court order  thejusticedept is punishing police in cities & states across the country to pu…
i am proud to see nj step up to help puerto ricans displaced by hurricane maria and will continue to fight for hurr…
as i told polluting pruitt last week  i can t  for the life of me  imagine why an  epa admin would be in morocco pr…
one year ago today  the  housegop passed trumpcare which would have caused 23 million americans to lose health ins…
wishing all mothers a day of love  laughter and happiness  happy mothers day
is there any reason why u s  citizens are being ignored in these times of desperate need  we must help puerto rico…
rt  agripulse  georgia rep  david scott  this is absolutely without question the most terrible farm bill that we ve ever had  this farm bil…
the senate healthcare bill is out & we are looking for a copy of it  send it to us 
this is chilling
rt  energycommerce  news   uscbo letter confirms 10-year reauthorization of chip saves  6 billion  extend c h i p
i grew up in the segregated south  i know the pain of discrimination all too well  nominees like wendy vitter thr…
proud to say that i received a 100% on the national environmental scorecard from  lcvoters  i will always work to protect our environment 
rt  everytown  martin luther king jr  was shot and killed on april 4th  1968  his activism sparked a movement that changed the world  and t…
i am proud to sponsor the bipartisan prepare act  a bill that would improve government response to extreme weather…
i will not allow someone else to be responsible for liberty and justice for all  i will rise to the occasion and sp…
rt  karynregal    repjoekennedy talks to and hears from kids at the epiphany school in dorchester  he explains what congress is  and asks…
rt  r2bnation  damn   repcohen just made our easter morning with a series of upper cuts on all things  realdonaldtrump  solid takes on mela…
rest in peace to stephen hawking  a man whose determination not only defied his prognosis  but what was known in qu…
trump threatens gov shutdown in sept  if congress doesn t fork over billions in taxpayer dollars for a ridiculous b…
the congressional art competition is underway & i want to encourage young folks from the hv to submit their work to…
rt  appropsdems    nitalowey will deliver remarks on the house floor regarding the fy2018 omnibus appropriations act shortly
rt  oversightdems  just in  top dems demand answers on the white house s security clearance process & jared kushner s interim clearance  ht…
rt  metronashville  it s not too late for a flu shot   nashvillehealth is now offering free flu shots at all three health centers on a walk…
every veteran should receive the medals they ve earned during their military service  so i m proud to join…
my amdt requiring a review of the design of oxygen masks was also passed  we all saw the photos of terrified passen…
rt  sbcountyfire  san bernardino update  s b co f d  meyers fire  holding at 34 acres  80% contained  full containment expected by 3pm today …
even trump s own allies are warning him against firing mueller and rosenstein  what are you afraid of
politically-motivated assignments in the dept of interior disproportionately target native americans and seem to be…
rt  craigcaplan   mn07  house debate between rep   collinpeterson &  torreywestrom airs 3pm et on  cspan
icymi  repespaillat announces federal funding for district weatherization via  hwmag
rt  lyliannasea  today the lummi nation begin their 2018 totem pole journey  qwel lhol mech ten  our shared responsibility   this 9 000 mil…
on earth day  we recommit ourselves to preserving our planet for future generations who deserve clean air & water &…
thank you  hurdonthehill  i couldn t agree more  glad to work with you to actually get things done 
just before this announcement to move the dirtyenergy agenda forward - the  lungassociation released their state o…
rt  meowwolf  thank you rep  ben ray lujan for visiting our business   looking forward to working with you to positively impact nm s econom…
enough sneaking around  if there s something truthful to say to the american people  we should say it  but not behi…
rt  repdonnabullock  proud to join  governortomwolf  meekmill  michaelgrubin  repdwightevans & other leaders today to call for criminal jus…
epa administrator scott pruitt has to go  he has failed to protect your health  failed to safeguard the environmen…
i enjoyed meeting with the nevada cattlemen s association to hear from them about how ranching plays a pivotal role…
i am fighting to protect your net neutrality rights  good news  senate democrats vote today to save the internet 
i applaud tennessee students participating in national walkout day  it is important to stand up  speak out and take…
on april 2nd  we found out one of those clients had their pipeline project approved by  epagov at the time the admi…
rt  travelcoalition     ustravel announced the recipients of the fifth annual distinguished travel champion award   senatorcollins  r-me  …
the nra has met its match  while elected officials have all too often bowed down to the pressures of the gun lobby …
thanks to  futureiq   umnext and our local leaders panel incl   smifound   isd2752 and  greenseamregion  your contr…
the trump shutdown disrupts our economy and services that communities count on   housedemocrats are ready to get to…
please read my statement on the horrible shooting at the high school in parkland  fl
rt  energycommerce  news   uscbo letter confirms 10-year reauthorization of chip saves  6 billion  extend c h i p
jim- you are my older brother  my role model  and my friend  i am proud to be your sister and i am proud of your pu…
great to spend time w/shakira today for girls on the hill —she s passionate about the environment & i was happy to ta…
it s wrong to exclude needy  daca  students from  trio  programs that support college access & success for disadvantaged students   trio4all 
as ranking member of the veterans  affairs health subcommittee  i am committed to ensuring that veterans have acces…
my district staff presented the  als  association nevada chapter a certificate at their ribbon cutting ceremony  tog…
 repdankildee during my career in environmental law  i learned many toxic exposures take years to have an effect  a…
puerto rico is far from recovering from the impact of hurricane maria   fema & the federal government must make inv…
  repjohnlewis was 25 years old when he led the march across edmund pettus bridge  this weekend  with the…
icymi  the  usedgov will soon provide funding to schools that enroll displaced students from puerto rico &  usvi   t…
instead of cancelling votes tomorrow   speakerryan should do the right thing & bring up dream act  it s time congre…
starting july 1  all single-user restrooms in public spaces in vermont will become gender-free  this legislation is…
rt  reploisfrankel  equal pay day recognizes that women must work 3 extra months just to earn the same pay as men  closing the gender wage ga…
ever wondered  can you recycle that   the winners of this year s congressional app challenge can answer that questi…
6 months after a gunman killed more than two-dozen people during sunday service  a new church in sutherland springs…
great news   the house just passed my bill to name the u s  post office in oviedo after  usarmy sergeant first cla…
rt  studentcam  congrats to julianne garnett  marijke friedman  & kinsey lee  from silver spring  md on their 2nd prize win with their vide…
it was great to tour the saic office at the purdue technology center in crown point this week  i enjoyed hearing ab…
rt  fscdems   icymi   ranking member  repmaxinewaters  letter to the editor on republican efforts to undermine fair housing read 
i joined the call for  fema to extend housing support to families displaced by hurricane maria  and i m relieved th…
omnibus provides critical funding to battle the opioid crisis  bolster our infrastructure investments  support the…
rt  mbhssco  congressman jamie raskin addresses the audience at the climate summit and discusses student involvement in social justice and…
great show today  joyannreid  telling it like it is 
as a teacher for 24 years  i can tell you that our schools need more textbooks  educators  and art programs  they do not need more guns 
rt  repcummings  it s time to send a clear message on the 2020 census that everyone counts  an undercount will hurt people in red states to…
students around the country have stepped up to say enough is enough and now it s time that america  and specifically…
make sure to tune in 
rt  bnuppereast  sun s out  guns out… big guns  that is   repsteveisrael s political satire about mandatory firearm ownership is out  and w…
happy mother s day  mom  🌺go betty go bolts ⚡️⚡️⚡️  tblightning tampa
i m calling on  realdonaldtrump to make sure his infrastructure proposal includes our new deal rural broadband act…
well done  tanner  congratulations on your success and enjoy your upcoming trip to such historic and important wwi…
ahora se están llevando a cabo 3 votaciones relacionadas a puerto rico  culminando con votación final sobre promesa 
rt  officialcbc  watch our press conference on the jobs and justice omnibus legislation we re introducing 
we cannot erase away scientific research that shows climatechange is real  largely man made  and poses a threat to…
quiero expresar mi profundo agradecimiento  a los funcionarios de cms como a su agencia matriz y al dpto de salud y servicios humanos de eu 
thank you  oureric for the wonderful feature in  ellemagazine  the interview can be found here …
indeed  thank you for your work and advocacy to bring awareness and create solutions to our growing environmental c…
sign up for evacuation alerts at
rt  reptedlieu  last year we wrote to jared kushner w/ concerns he was leveraging his wh position to seek financial assistance from foreign…
50 years ago today  i learned the painful news that my friend  my mentor  dr  martin luther king  jr  had been assa…
really important discussion this morning with members of the  texaslandtrusts about how our state can lead when it…
lemont is only the second illinois public high school to receive this award since 2010  special thanks to the am…
rt  ilretirees  kicking off our annual senior power lunch with special guests  senatordurbin  repschakowsky
how can students focus on learning when they re afraid that a shooter will come into their school  never again
rt  officialcbc  today   reprichmond   repzoelofgren and  repyvetteclarke sent a letter to  realdonaldtrump criticizing the administration …
rt  officialcbc  do you remember when we hand-delivered  realdonaldtrump the 130-page policy document we wrote titled   we have a lot to lo…
the g o p tax scam is a national shame and a terrible sham that only benefits large corporations and the mega rich 
today  the house transportation and infrastructure committee passed h r  3288  which included legislation i authore…
 bhm  spotlight  called the jackie robinson of bull riding  in 1964 myrtis dightman became the the first african ame…
on this yom hashoah  holocaust remembrance day  we remember the 6 000 000 jewish lives that were lost from senseless…
proud to stand with students from my alma mater  mcclatchy high school on national walkout day to protest inaction o…
today  we remember the millions of innocent lives lost to bigotry  hatred  and violence  we also honor the survivor…
great to host  cpca ceo and san jose native  carmelacgarcia at today s ca delegation lunch 
russia sought to divide us by our race  our country of origin  our religion  and our politics  they attempted to hi…
in delaware  we re performing better than the national average  but we must press for equal pay now to ensure that a…
i hope that the president is ready to move forward with a 21st century economic agenda instead of a 19th century one 
rt  cnnpolitics   i was not aware of the amount   epa chief scott pruitt says when asked whether he knew about the pay raises for agency ai…
the soldiers being honored at today s ceremony are gen  suzanne vares-lum  col  ed gayagas  and spc  james gabriel   rotc100 
trump is trying to torpedo the aca and take healthcare away from millions  we can t let that happen 
i m also a cosponsor of h r 3947  the automatic gunfire prevention act to ban bump stocks like those used in las ve…
today  on yom hashoah  we remember the six million jews and millions of others brutally murdered during the holocau…
thank you to suicide prevention task force chairs   repjohnkatko &  repdonbeyer  for facilitating this important di…
enjoying this beautiful saturday with one of my favorite people  repjohnlewis it s a blessing to share this journey…
rt  repcurbelo    repcurbelo &  repdarrensoto are on live with  bloombergtv discussing the bipartisan  vita  permanence act to permanently a…
thank you   audubonny for all the work you do in educating and protecting our flora and fauna 
on 52nd anniversary of the civil rights act  we honor those who fought against incredible adversity to make the civil rights act a reality 
new mexico is one of the hungriest states in the country  & i cannot support any farm bill that cuts life-saving be…
conducted & will likely continue to conduct hostile cyber attacks  in order to thwart this  we must first acknowledge its existence   2/3 
i ve pushed for comprehensive immigration reform since my first day in office  and i support legislation such as th…
rt  townhallproject  some great perspective on how to make the most of town halls from  repdesaulnier  his big three points  -do your res…
i was so glad to join an amazing group of women on equal pay day to speak about the importance of of equality  fairn…
there s legislation ready to be voted on that would protect mueller right now  all we re waiting on is  speakerryan…
rt  housedemocrats  there s no plan et  b  earth day
rt  coconinonf  smoke will be visible in flagstaff & surrounding areas from 2 prescribed burns this morning  lake mary and munds park  smok…

we must break the stigma around mental health and make sure all americans receive the care they need  as a psychiat…
rt  demsespanol  en promedio  las mujeres ganan 80 centavos por cada  1 que sus contrapartes hombres ganan  para las mujeres latinas y afro…
hago un llamado a los latinos de ascendencia puertorriqueña q viven en los estados a registrarse y votar en estas elecciones presidenciales 
rt  housebudgetdems  the trump budget calls for extreme cuts to blunt deficit-exploding impact of the g o p tax scam  instead  congress shoul…
5 = what is the number of times  housegop has voted against lifting the unconscionable 19-year ban on federal research on gun violence 
there are fewer veterans serving in congress right now than almost any other time in our history  why should we el…
for decades  black people have been at a disadvantage economically  black men earn only seventy cents an hour for e…
 hudgov sec ben carson proposal to raise rent for low-income americans receiving housing subsidies is one more exam…
we need proven  strong leadership now more than ever  that s why i stand with nancy 
help spread the word⬇️⬇️   realdonaldtrump new executive order will hurt tens of millions of vulnerable americans …
to every student raising your voice– your voice matters  you give us hope & you are making a difference  to my col…
  gop midnight monday health proposal is a rx for disaster for everyone 
rt  nydiavelazquez  proud to have helped secure federal funding to expand sec  8 vouchers & provide more nyers w/ affordable housing despit…
today we celebrate the 44th anniversary of the endangered species act  we must continue to protect the beautiful cr…
now more than ever we need to put country over party  thank you  repstefanik for having the courage to support the…
we need to allow the va to research how marijuana can help our veterans  that s why i cosponsored the va medicinal…
proud of  chrismurphyct &  senatedems for standing up for all americans tonight & filibustering against inaction on gunviolence  enough
happy mothers day to my amazing mother  nancy  and all moms around the world 
rt  ananavarro  the same was once said of italians and of poor  irish immigrants like john s kelly s ancestors  when they came to the unite…
rt  mariaforpa  a great evening with  repperrywarren  repmjdaley  phillymayor and  repdwightevans honoring the hard-working nurses of  penn…
from the military to health care  the trump administration continues to attack the transgender community  this disc…
joined  jimrenacci to introduce a bill to combat over-prescribing opioids in the medicare part d program  it will h…
big trial | philadelphia trial blog  judge s argument for dismissing 12th juror doesn t hold water
rt  officialcbc  read the letter the cbc   hispaniccaucus &  capac sent to  betsydevosed 
children are our future  unfortunately  affordable child care & paid leave are out of reach for too many working fa…
currently in a homeland security committee hearing that is examinig  tsa s outreach and traveler engagement efforts…
the health impacts of failing wastewater treatment are destructive and costly  in parts of rural alabama where stra…
so proud of students in new york and across the country for participating in the day of silence  we must all work to…
rt  hascdemocrats  smith  thornberry letter to trump on information warfare efforts
today america lost a remarkable woman  i join with our country in offering my gratitude for her life of public serv…
cool and far closer to the way it s supposed to work
rt  lifelongmedcare    repthompson  d-ca 5th district  visited two  lifelongmedcare locations in the east bay on thurs   march 29  we appr…
wishing jimmy carter well as he starts treatment  he is a tireless advocate for all things good  a true fighter who will keep fighting 
pres  trump s rx drug costs announcement rejects 2 of his own campaign promises  using the medicare program s enorm…
at chittenden locks  usacehq in seattle watching the benefits of the maritime trade to the pnw
rt  nickalbares   reprichmond  labudgetproject  taxpolicycenter again  taking into account all tax changes  in 2027  1 out of every 5 middl…
rt  thebeatwithari   we re ready for new leadership  we re getting it now from our children and grandchildren  - rep   eleanornorton
america must stand up for human rights at home and around the world  today i join the  dalailama   un and many mor…
today  i discussed gun violence prevention w/students from royal oak high school & lincoln high school  for them  t…
today i filed an amendment to the g o p tax scam bill that adds provisions to support the working class by strengtheni…
rt  march4livesnyc    repjerrynadler got over 280 postcards from his constituents  we told him we will be there for the long haul and will…
california is home to about 10 million immigrants who have helped our state become the 6th largest economy in the w…
 potus deports  good hombres  trumps7 traps trump7 trampas
there are just five days left to get covered at find a plan that works for you and your fa…
thanks rep   repcurbelo to improve the vita program     
  realdonaldtrump ended the  daca  program in sept  2017  democrats have been working ever since to restore the prog…
standing w colleagues & advocates once again to fight against the trump admin s attacks on the 2020census 
thank you   govsandoval  for once again showing true leadership and statesmanship  sending troops to our southern b…
🇺🇸 in other words  fed judge tells gov scott and ag bondi that it is long past time to bend the  arc of the moral u…
without paid leave  working american families are struggling to balance providing for their families & the demands of caregiving   fmla23 
fifty years after his assassination  we still see dr  martin luther king s legacy in delaware through students marc…
russian spies met w/ trump campaign  to discuss dirt on clinton  dnc/clinton hacked by russians  documents released…
  marcorubio s  plan to address gun violence  won t be credible as long as he refuses to withdraw his bill to elimi…
breaking news  our provision to permanently protect castner range in the franklin mountains of west texas became la…
rt  lcvoters   repcartwright earned a perfect 100% score on the 2016 l c v scorecard  check it out here 
our region leads our country in standing in solidarity w/ the victims of today s shooting and all at great mills h s …
we must modernize their electric grid and make it less vulnerable to future hurricanes and flooding 
breaking   usgao finds epa administrator scott pruitt broke federal law for the spending of taxpayer funds on his p…
san diego is the newest city selected for the faa s unmanned aerial systems pilot program  it s a mark of our top a…
congrats to  nasa s new administrator  jim bridenstine  best of luck as you lead the brilliant scientists  engineer…
in  homelanddems  i asked secretary nielsen if her highest priority was a  building a wall or  b  supporting first…
stamford march also rocking  miss you guys  stamford ct march for our lives
may is national foster care month  a time to recognize our nation s more than 400 000 foster youth in addition to t…
teacher appreciation week has me thinking about my favorite teacher – mr  ballino  not only did he teach me a lot ab…
rt  oversightdems    chrisinsilico  a cambridge analytica whistleblower  reported that cambridge analytica was a  pass-through company  tha…
rt  keithellison  ramadan mubarak to all 
the tubman museum in macon  georgia is a museum that has been dedicated to preserving the rich history of african-a…
a difference made  
rt  energycommerce  trump administration s cruel action on medicaid today endangers the life support systems millions of vulnerable america…
pinellas stands with broward in honoring the victims of the marjory stoneman douglas high school shooting  let s tur…
rt  voxdotcom  rep  rush to zuckerberg   [this] much influence comes with enormous social responsibility  of which you have failed to act…
our thoughts & prayers are with the people of gulfcoast enduring devastating floods  congress must provide emergency aid in a timely manner
on international women s day  let s all unite in support of gender equality   iwd2018  time is now
proud to join  senatorcarper &  chriscoons for an important open enrollment message  go to
today we lost a dedicated public servant  seasoned leader  and good friend to many  condolences to the loved ones o…
it s almost graduation season – a reminder that college is way out of reach for millions of kids  i m working to ge…
  nfugrr director ally spongr discusses the opportunity to build the niagara falls community through history by con…
today i announced the introduction of the fairness in student loan lending act  learn how it helps students & parents
republicans promised their tax law would benefit america s workers  but nearly 90% of s&p 500 companies have not an…
a7  working together  we can ensure that we leave a better world for future generations  act on climate
the northport va has some serious problems  yesterday  the director laid out a plan to address those problems 
the trump administration s response to the opioid crisis has been absolutely pathetic the decision to cut funding f…
take a moment to rt & get covered before friday at
nebraska s economy is growing year after year with nearly  6 6b in merchandise exports in 2015  i m committed to h…
it s national library week  get to your local library to start celebrating 
the tax law eliminates or reduces deductions middle class home owners count on to make home ownership more affordab…
come speak with my staff at today s  az01  mobile office hours in camp verde from 9am to 1 pm  they ll be there to a…
thx birth control for helping states like california lower our teen pregnancy rate 65%   bc  helps make for healthier  more stable families 
i used to think this was reality tv  now it s becoming a crime drama 
i m proud to have sponsored the outdoor recreation s economic contributions act  understanding the economic impact…
i voted no on the gop tax plan  we are missing the opportunity to invest in our people  where are my republican col…
during my education listening tour  we visited every school district in contra costa county and saw firsthand the h…
had a great telephone town hall yesterday with folks from across western and central wisconsin  we talked about eve…
ready for latino expo at the indiana state fairgrounds tomorrow  opening ceremony   9am  resource fair until 5pm …
happy 4th of july  i hope today was filled with family  friends  and good memories  happy birthday america 
rt  bobbyscott  happy founders day from the alpha phi alpha brothers in congress   repalgreen  repdannydavis  repcleaver  repgregorymeeks  …
this admin s decision to repeal net neutrality gives internet service providers the ability to stack the deck again…
the rural energy for america program is a big deal for our small towns  cutting these energy efficiency & renewable…
rt  newsradio930  dredging equipment waiting along an outer harbor pier in advance of work that will be detailed shortly for the buffalo r…
the iran deal was by no means perfect  but by all accounts it was working  the decision to leave the deal and our a…
rt lynnelyman  i just voted for mike capuano for senate  let s beat turn out predictions  get out and vote before polls close at 8pm  masen
congratulations to kaytelyn paige figueroa first place winner of our annual congressional arts competition  her wor…
during the campaign  trump promised he d lower rx drug prices  today  he announced a proposal that does nothing to…
congress should strengthen pell grants and perkins loans so fewer students are reliant on financial aid  unfortunat…
we need to turn moments of silence into moments of action  las vegas
it s hard to keep track of the priorities republicans have for the american people  1 day they care about chip  the…
rt  librarycongress  how did you become a baseball fan  join the great american conversation during the 9-week countdown to our baseball…
this is a group truly committed to public service  and to doing what s best for delawareans in their districts and…
big pharma has continued to buy its way into congress—purchasing influence & crafting legislation that insulates th…
rt  uniteherelocal1  in order to change the power structure  how important are organizations to making that happen  -  janschakowsky - if…
rt  drdenagrayson  📻tune in📻 my hubby   alangrayson  and i will join  johnfugelsang on his awesome show —  tell me everything  — **today a…
this valentine s day  guess who paid my office a surprise visit to bring us candy  my fellow congressman…
opinion  trump s gamble on iran nuclear deal via  newsday
not sure what you need to get covered  this checklist can help 
despite requirements in free trade agreements   ustraderep has not taken concrete action to address worker rights v…
  rgb_lights had some big shoes to fill as cybersecurity coordinator  but he has done a fine job continuing the tra…
rt  capac   she s not new to it  she s true to it   - congratulations to  capac  member  repmaxinewaters for being named to the  time100  lis…
following mothers day  i joined  repgenegreen in calling for a hearing on maternal mortality as more us women die f…
thank you for stopping by  phantompearl  
i would love to see some of these while parked on i-4 
big news   interior has backed off its proposed price hikes on national park entrance fees  our public lands are a…
earlier today scotus heard the second case on partisan gerrymandering in this session  benisek v  lamone is another…
rt  ssnalerts  proposals from  repstephmurphy--with help from  repcurbelo   repbrianmast--included in ndaa  s s nale…
air ambulance service can mean the difference between life and death in an emergency  especially for rural communit…
rt  fscdems   this budget again makes it perfectly clear that donald trump has no interest whatsoever in standing up for hardworking americ…
today  my friend  toniatkins continues to make history & break glass ceilings as she becomes the first woman & firs…
happy king kamehameha day2016  today is the 100th anniversary of this commemoration  ty to all who participated 
had a very well-attended and engaging town hall meeting with my constituents last night in cambria heights  to make…
congressional staff will be in watsonville today for mobile office hours  stop by the watsonville public library to…
celebrated may day2018 in nyc by standing up for policies to protect workers & immigrants  talked abt protecting dr…
our mother  my sister  & niece have been a source of strength & support in our family  they are role models for me…
the g o p tax bill wasn t created for hard-working americans  it was created to give the richest 1% more tax breaks  
seniors  workers  and young people shouldn t have to foot the  1 5 trillion bill for tax cuts for billionaires and…
thanks to the organizers of this great event to welcome home our vietnam veterans  it was a great honor to be invit…
rt  gigibsohn    repannaeshoo says it straight - the debate about paid prioritization  is about money   net neutrality
updates on all sonoma county fires 
rt  housedemocrats  fifty years after the loss of his mentor and friend  dr  martin luther king  jr    repjohnlewis reminds us that real pr…
read my statement on nyu s bds campaign 
rt  studentvets  sva presented  housevetaffairs chair  drphilroe & ranker  reptimwalz w/ its 1st ever sonny montgomery student veteran cha…
if you want to know how brownfields cleanup will affect the lives of real people  look no further than waterbury  w…
rt  whiphoyer    realdonaldtrump & congressional republicans said their g o p tax scam wouldn t benefit the wealthy  but the numbers tell a di…
 bhm  spotlight  luling  texas native   tamronhall is an award-winning journalist  and a 2010 recipient of…
last august  the u s  department of justice agreed to make tampons and other menstrual products available to federa…
if you re a daca recipient in north carolina or elsewhere  you can still apply to renew your daca status here →…
rt  repgutierrez  148 members send letter to  speakerryan requesting information on his decision to remove house chaplain | thanks to  gerr…
scott pruitt is so mired in scandal that his aides are trying to save his job by planting damaging stories    about…
 but the number of companies letting workers know they are getting a bonus  raise or other form of financial compen…
rt  whiphoyer  today  i join in wishing a very happy birthday to my good friend   vp 
historic day as paris agreement enters into force much earlier than was predicted  though works remains  step forwa…
rt  civilrightsorg  happening now  the senate is voting on the confirmation of kyle duncan to serve for life on the 5th circuit  senators w…
clean car standards save us     at the pump  protect public health  support innovative technologies we need to addr…
as a result of the stock act and the work of a strong press  we know that brenda fitzgerald made several questionab…
rt  hackensacktap  great opportunity for artists in bergen county
more than 2 262 people have already been killed by someone using a gun in 2018  this is a public health issue and c…
midterm elections are on november6th  between now and then  ask yourself  do the people who represent me share thi…
yet another consequence of  housegop decision to leave town without a bipartisan spending deal
it is with deep sadness to hear of the passing of my dear friend & partner zell miller  his contributions to ga are…
starting soon  while  realdonaldtrump tours  i will announce the latest action by the california department of just…
trump speech casts dark shadow  eclipsing the facts 
the sanitation workers had told their managers – many times – that some of their equipment was faulty  but managers did nothing   iam2018  3/
my full interview with  msnbc  kasiedc  kasiehunt last night 
now is the time for us to join together to stand up for the constitution and our democracy  the american people des…
rt  hispaniccaucus  our members are standing in support of our military families  active military and veteran spouses should not be separat…
facebook has become too powerful to ignore the voices of the american people  it s time for mark zuckerberg to appe…
this week the republican tax bill that hurts middle-class families is scheduled for a house floor vote  where i wil…
sat w/ teddeutch during forum on preventing school shootings  the unthinkable happened in his district at…
urgent  make sure your voices are heard  today  the senate votes on whether to save net neutrality  if it doesn t p…
well said   naparegister  while there is still more to be done to rebuild  our work together to recover has been in…
need help with a federal agency  my staff will be in woodbury tomorrow to assist  learn more & make an appointment…
rt  repjohnlewis  62 years ago today  rosa parks stood up for what is right  what is fair  and what is just  by sitting down on a montgomer…
william  billy  leo  former mayor of la joya  was a great texan who leaves behind a legacy of tireless labor in his…
our natl  security is directly dependent on investments in diplomacy & development & competent execution of our for…
it was great to meet with lt  gen  bruce crawford  army chief information officer from columbia  sc  and…
today i questioned senior defense officials about plans to cancel jstars replacement  congress must question assu…
last year  i challenged area elementary students to read 20 books by spring  and these young people went above and…
thank you to the point west rotary for letting me drop by recently  it was great to meet your members and talk abou…
caught up with planned parenthood of the mid-hudsonvalley today  i m fighting  housegop s efforts to gut funding fo…
parade loving  potus is turning into a little napoleon  minus time in the trenches  donning fatigues  or fighting f…
great to feel at home in washington yesterday  surrounded by ct s next generation of leaders  the ct student recept…
shameless friday clickbait 
the power of the internet is rooted in the principles of net neutrality -broadband companies cannot pick internet w…
happy to see  lacity take the number one spot on  epa s 10th annual  energystar  top cities  list  los angeles earn…
i encourage anyone who has received a suspicious call to contact my senior scam hotline at  800  974-1301 or email…
as a vet who almost died in north korea in 1950  i hope to see the end of korean war & unified korea during my lifetime 
russia attacked our democracy and they will attack again  in light of today s serious indictments by special couns…
in my short time in congress  i ve learned it s a lot easier to find a reason to vote against something than to vot…
rt  housesbcdems    sbagov s hubzone program helps small businesses in economically disadvantaged areas get federal contracts  to learn mor…
rt  aflcioglobal  thank you to  repjayapal for her support for worker rights in the us and worldwide   ilrf  uniteherelocal8
today is a sad day for america s global leadership  the trump administration s dangerous & impulsive action is no…
right now  you can still apply to renew your  daca   if you meet the requirements to apply for daca renewal  you sho…
president trump and congress must protect the iran nuclear agreement—it s key to keeping iran from developing a nuclear weapon 
this mothers day let us give working mothers what they really need - paid family and medical leave  and fair pay  t…
rt  whiphoyer    realdonaldtrump & congressional republicans said their g o p tax scam wouldn t benefit the wealthy  but the numbers tell a di…
i welcome  usdot awarding a tiger grant to  newhampshiredot to help rehabilitate bridges that connect new hampshire…
i urge scotus to uphold prohibition on states collecting sales tax on companies that don t have physical presence i…
rep  cicilline statement on trump decision to withdraw from iran deal
forbes  right now   merit-based  just means fewer immigrants analysis of what trump/miller…
thank you for your letters  i encourage all students in  ny04  to keep speaking up & making your voices heard …
exactly 73 years after the us helped create a better world on v-e day  trump has chosen to erode us diplomacy and e…
 mike_pence  nra  gop new report  in america today  more kids are dying from gun violence than car accidents  let t…
the manchester vamc needs significant infrastructure investments  i am pleased the government spending bill we just…
a budget is about more than dollars and cents  it s about human beings  under the president s budget  millions of people will suffer 
 i hope  repconorlamb will bring his military training  capabilities and instincts to lead the charge from our fron…
president trump s decision to withdraw from the  jcpoa  is a reckless move that undermines our credibility on the wo…
i will never forget the lives lost or effected by the tragedy at columbine high school  i am committed to help ensur…
discussed continued resistance to iran s hostile behavior & strengthening the u s  – israel relationship with  nj08… 
a mind to work   now 60    11/21    beginning a private consulting firm   focused on brain science  the fattah neur…
rt  coreyoconnorpgh   carnegiemellon   carnegiemellon s work at mill 19 will make hazelwoodgreen home to a state-of-the-art manufacturing…
rt  modadvocacy  thank you  repeliotengel for your leadership and introducing the quality care for moms & babies act  we share your commitm…
hours before the house  edworkforce committee holds its first hearing on mine safety in more than two years  resear…
they continue to turn their grief into powerful action by traveling to and from washington  d c   often at their pe…
today  i joined  senatorserrano for our annual black history month celebration  it was a great event honoring member…
ursula le guin was a literary giant and a portland icon  i think her science fiction talent made her political obse…
the iaea has verified iran s compliance with the jcpoa 10 times  president trump is tearing up the iran deal and en…
yet again   potus is governing by tweet  pompeo and i have worked together and he s a solid legislator  but he has…
rep  cicilline thanks the 2018 small business award winners for their hard work and dedication to moving rhode isla…
on cesar chavez day  we stand together with everyone who is working hard to build a better california 
important reminder for d r e a mers  you can still apply to renew your  daca  protections  learn more & reapply here …
team castro met with rotc students at jefferson high school today to share information on military academies and th…
today  i was pleased to take part in groundbreaking of  portofhueneme s new intermodal infrastructure project  i he…
homelessness and a severe shortage of affordable housing affect too many oregonians and americans  we must do bette…
to sign up for my electronic newsletter w/updates on my work in congress visit my website at the link→https //t co/zm5vtgcdge
medicaid d s h payments ensure that vulnerable new yorkers have access to care through our state s safety net hospita…
el gobierno tendrá que aceptar nuevas peticiones de daca si en 90 días no argumenta mejor por qué canceló el progra…
rt  minnesotadfl  congratulations  keithellison  our dfl-endorsed candidate for  mn05  
my heart goes out to the victims & families in parkland  in the face of unspeakable tragedy  if all congress offers…
marylanders  it s election eve  state website w hours  locations  rumor control info & more  m dvotes2016 just do it
happening tomorrow  my annual veterans resource fair  come join to get valuable information on housing  employment …
pell grants cover 25% of college costs for hispanic students  we need to restore strength & length of pell grants 
join us with your loved ones this monday  12/4 for our senior living conference  there will be screenings  counseli…
rt  scottunitedway  thank you congressman sanford bishop for helping us to live united  neilparekh_uww  steve_taylor_dc  sanfordbishop
 sba_maine  goodtogofoods congratulations  goodtogofoods 
wishing a happy  joyous  and peaceful passover to our friends  neighbors & co-workers of the jewish faith 
rt  stophandguns  many shooters have history of dv  background checks should check it  thank you repryancostello &  repkathleenrice
congratulations to 13-year-old dina miranda  the first ever lbusd student to qualify for the scripps national spell…
those who are sick will suffer  and some of them will die  this is a shame and a disgrace  may god have mercy on us all 
update - today  fema has decided to unconditionally extend  tsa  until may 14 for relocated families from…
rt  theview    repjoekennedy challenges republicans who blame the florida school shooting on mental health   don t turn around and tell me…
looking forward to hearing him explain how the american people have benefited from his   100 000 in taxpayer-funded…
thanks to my friends at  lirsorg  i m proud to reintroduce my help separated families act  and to stand for family…
in the next 10 minutes i will be questioning facebook ceo mark zuckerberg about what he can do to regain the public…
if you re a veteran in  tx29  and in need of assistance with navigating va benefits or you just want to know more ab…
i m proud of these young students  attending one of our nation s service academies is an honorable undertaking …
19 years to this day  13 people were killed at columbine high school  this year  we re seeing a tremendous amount…
rt  reprokhanna  i m headed to the floor to share the story of sarah broughton  a young woman frm san jose who didn t receive treatment for…
 debbids  dickersonfors20 we would love your help   charlaneo will dm you 
testifying in front of  housevetaffairs to call attention to the dangerous  pfas  chemicals found in drinking water…
administrator pruitt has brought secrecy  conflicts of interest and scandal to the epa  in any other administratio…
the use of chemical weapons is an absolute travesty and bashar al-assad must be held accountable for these actions …
the notion that this bill for the middle class is untrue  it s a fib  billionaires first
it was wonderful to visit  aaciorg today to receive an update on the important work they are providing for the san…
 hr38  will allow dangerous people to carry guns nationwide w/o regard to local state laws  n y s strong gun safety…
a reminder on tax day that  realdonaldtrump still hasn t released his tax returns  breaking a 40-year precedent goi…
it didnt make sense then  and def makes no sense now 
tomorrow is election day  please take some time to vote for my friend  edmarkey so we can send him to the senate  mapoli m a sen
this white house continues to sink to new lows  the president should demand this white house staffer resign 
great to see  aftunion s lessons to help prevent school bullying  i hope teachers will use them to create dialogue 
the 50 000  hondurans who will be impacted by president trump s heartless tps decision came to the us fleeing unimaginable violence 
america has protected 765 wilderness areas  nearly 110 million acres   all that started 52 yrs ago today
rt  rhokjr  ty  ctcsta for hosting yesterday s celebrating of the 2017 ct  congressionalac winners  looking forward to next year s challen…
people are smarter than house republicans are giving them credit for  they see this bill for the scam it is  tax cutsand jobs act
without the iran deal s rigorous inspections  iran can resume its illegal nuclear weapons program  pulling out of t…
to recap  after bipartisan concerns re dr  ronny jackson s lack of experience  allegations of a demeaning managemen…
rt  repdwightevans  for teacher appreciation week  i want to give a big shout-out to my favorite teacher  the late ms  fannie burrows  who t…
rt  clayton_kazan  made it through the assembly health committee 9-0  hoping we can eventually sway  californiaacep to join us   lacofd  …
five years ago  we learned once again that hate & terror are no match for strength & compassion of our commonwealth…
a touching reminder of how immigrants and their children contribute to the success of our country every day  and…
join me on facebook for a facebook live town hall event this thursday at 2 00 pm ct/3 00 pm et  i ll answer your qu…
voting no on h j res 2  which would destroy social security
rt  wbalradio    call_me_dutch is on now with  bretthollander  listen 
here s a look behind the scenes at my harvest select tour this afternoon  harvest select is a major employer in my…
washingtonians deserve the best budget deals from congress  not guilt-ridden proposals like the balanced budget ame…
rt  johndingell  👀
the trump administration s dangerous race to eliminate as many environmental protections as possible will leave us…
rt  craigcaplan   cspan nevada democrat  repdinatitus opposing yucca nuclear waste storage bill   you heard the legislation before you now …
no one fix will end gun violence  but we have a good idea of where to start  -pass the bipartisan thompson-king bill…
at 12 30pm  i ll be joined by  repespaillat  assemblyman  mikebenedetto82  councilman  markgjonajny  &…
thanks to  countitall_joy for coming by the office to discuss the importance of mental health for mothers  together…
community health centers  which provide essential help all throughout my district will receive an extra  135 millio…
throughout our the  usa   students are standing up and walking out of their classrooms demanding action  i m glad…
i am proud to be introduce a bill to honor captain joshua e  steele by renaming the post office in alpha  illinois …
honored to help lead foreign affairs committee hearing on development finance recently  financing helps developing…
the  gop majority leadership of the house intelligence committee says they re done investigating russian interferen…
we know  the g o p tax scam mortgages the future of seniors and working families in order to hand massive tax breaks…
rt  zjlord  shout out to  repyvetteclarke for continuing to push for answers related to why lgbt resources are still missing from the small…
i was honored to join national center for the prevention of community violence at the 2018 gang prevention conferen…
today i voted against the so-called  balanced budget amendment  because it would have ransacked funding from medica…
 apartmentwire  repcardenas  newseum thanks for having me  i enjoyed participating on today s n m h cfall panel 
proud to stand with america s students  your voice is making a difference in the fight for action to prevent gun vi…
i ll be live on  officialcbc in 15 minutes to discuss excessive use of force by law enforcement & strategies to reb…
rt  alexghrz  had a powerful and engaging meeting with  repebj s sla justin maturo  and i m happy to report rep  johnson is co-sponsoring h…
rt  hfacdemocrats  rm  repeliotengel  today  i informed  bbggov leadership that the trump administration was plotting to illegally replace…
it is a sad day when a jesuit priest and member of the society of jesus is punished because he had the audacity to…
neuroscience research & progress may suffer      at a critically important time  
in feb   repcummings and i asked the defense dept to provide info related to reports that paul manafort received a…
 johndmcguigan  realglenmacnow and as a member of the pa house i joined colleagues in honoring geno for his accompl…
today we observe human rights day  please take a couple minutes to read my op-ed on the enforced disappearances ac…
it comes as no surprise that  potus would place his own interests ahead of the country  but it is tragic that so ma…
 sdonnan  dandrezner making china great at our expense  mcgaoe 
march for our lives
rt  acibc  i know it s so important that we keep this industrial base as strong as possible bc that keeps the  usnavy as strong as possible…
rt  nytimes  ida b  wells is considered by historians to have been the most famous black woman in the u s  during her lifetime  and for goo…
i just sent a letter to  jeffsessions &  thejusticedept calling for a reversal of recent cruel  anti-lgbt workplace discrimination policies
did you know the pay gap grows even wider for women of color  black women s equal pay day won t come until aug 7 & l…
thanks  thechildrensinn for tonight s honor & a special thanks to avery for presenting me with the award  the inn s…
thank you to  jstreetdotorg for stopping by my office today to continue your advocacy for peace and for the securit…
rt  jamesmartinsj  this is bishop daniel flores  the bishop of brownsville  texas 
rt  cnnsitroom  rep  ted lieu  fox news host sean hannity should apologize to his viewers for not disclosing relationship with michael cohe…
i proudly stand with the 92% of veterans who support research into medicinal cannabis & call on  deptvetaffairs to…
the nra has a tremendous amount of influence on republicans in congress  who have blocked every opportunity to vote…
i had a great time hearing from constituents in green county about the issues you re most concerned about including…
rt  pomgarrison  in recognition of national vietnam war veterans day  veterans of the vietnam conflict were honored at the omc commissary and…
rt  movetoamend  thanks  janschakowsky  repschakowsky for supporting the we the people amendment  tell your rep to too 
all the students from westchester  the bronx  and across our great country who are participating in today s…
speaking with residents & caregivers at the birches at concord this am about the challenges of alzheimer s  i ve se…
rt  irsnews  tax day update   irs  provides an extra day for taxpayers to file and pay their taxes following system issues  file by midnight…
congratulations to  senduckworth on the birth of her daughter  maile pearl  and for becoming the first sitting sena…
rt  nemaupdates  manufacturing industry contributes  2 trillion to u s  economy - it s clear that workforce development should be at the…
rt  reptedlieu  proud to join  repjudychu to introduce h r  4944  the reuniting families act  supporting our family immigration system is m…
happy teacher appreciation week to all the hard working teachers in our community who go the extra mile to take care…
big thanks to  pattymurray and  senatorcantwell  all three of us have worked to support the fta s capital investmen…
for any american who cares about the integrity and security of our elections  the shut down of our investigation in…
thanks to the members of the eastern region of zeta phi beta sorority  inc  for awarding me their trailblazer servi…
members are gathering in the capitol rotunda to join national school walkout national walkout day neveragain twill
rt  gracenapolitano  standing w/ my  hispaniccaucus colleagues to voice our serious concerns about the commerce dept s wrong decision to in…
i am more concerned than ever about russia meddling in our elections  past and present  and i am committed to fixi…
this is the latest front in the trump administration s effort to disenfranchise people of color and suppress the vo…
high medical expenses should never be the reason why families can t afford to pay other bills on time or buy grocer…
proud to see detroit leading the way to a more sustainable automotive future  congrats to  gm on this bold plan
rt  beingalexp  in april 2017  a letter requesting the addition of the mcclintock-polis amendment to appropriations bill garnered the suppo…
my condolences to the entire espino family  such a lost for the northside community 
congress must take swift action and bring a vote to the floor to preserve daca   1/4 
 md02  communities need to invest in roads  schools  hospitals  police and fire stations  proud to lead bipartisan…
open enrollment for covered california health coverage in 2018 is still happening now  if you want to be covered th…
rt  heatherscope  democrats fume at speaker ryan over ousting of house chaplain   he was fired   rep  gerry connolly  d-va   said   paul…
rt  cnnnewsroom  democratic rep  paul tonko on epa chief scott pruitt  there s  an avalanche of reports about an abuse of power  unethical…
most of my staff will be furloughed for the duration of a shutdown  but my offices will remain open monday to frida…
trump must immediately cease talk of pre-emptive war and   
thanks again to everyone who stopped by my monroe and deerpark townhalls this weekend  listening to you is the mos…
the senate gop healthcare bill cuts medicaid by more than 35% over 20 years  we can t afford to mournmedicaid - we…
afternoon read  no one is above the law  not even the president  speaker ryan and leader mcconnell must stand up fo…
rt  nancypelosi  when will this end  congress has a duty to act  never again end gun violence
rt  conservationco  members of congress today objected to blm proposal to waste  1b in taxpayer owned energy  especially without any public…
april is sexual assault awareness month  we passed legislation holding members of congress accountable for sexual h…
it was good that in 2014 we forced al-assad to turn over 2 8 million pounds of highly toxic chemical weapons  we ne…
rt  repraulgrijalva  looks like the american people are recognizing that the g o p tax scam was nothing more than a massive transfer of wealth…
 icymi   last week  the women s caucus  which i co-chair with  susanwbrooks  hosted a bipartisan hearing on service…
today  i stopped by  deltechpark to see some exciting new companies and their cutting-edge technology  innovation
rt  repjayapal  this month  the trump administration began a terrible blanket policy of separating undocumented kids and parents at the bor…
when i was in college  students were able to graduate without crushing debt  unfortunately  that is not the reality…
make russian sanctions great again   realdonaldtrump  america s response to election interference should be unwaver…
know a high school artist  my office is now accepting entries for the 2018 congressional art competition  the winne…
deadline   az09  students  contact our office by this friday  april 6th  to enter the congressional art competition …
rt  laurenweberhp  update   repbera says   admiral ziemer s departure is deeply alarming  especially when the administration is actively wo…
  cecilerichards  you have led  ppfa with strength  dignity  and grace  thank you for tireless commitment to women …
there are clear signs that  epa has taken steps to undermine our nation s ability to have the cleanest air possible…
rt  drdenagrayson  🇷🇺sanctions🇷🇺 deadline is today for treasury to impose sanctions on entities doing business w/russia🇷🇺defense & intel…
rt  capac   the term  chain migration  stigmatizes something that has always happened in american history – immigrants who succeed later he…
i posted a new photo to facebook
i ve introduced two amendments with  replancenj7 to help alleviate the fiscal burden the president s visits create…
yesterday  house republicans passed a gop tax scam that will raise taxes on millions of hard-working american famil…
wendy vitter is a  realdonaltrump judicial nominee  she can t decide if she supports desegregated schools  read…
congratulations to all of this year s  sba_rhodeisland small business week award winners 
honored to be participating in this year s  faithnpolitics civil rights pilgrimage  yesterday  we laid a wreath at…
rt  usda  today is national farmer s day  thank a farmer
after all his promises of a big infrastructure bill to create jobs  it turns out it s still tbd  🤷🏾‍♂️
if reports are correct that iran launched a drone intended to strike a target in israel  that would constitute an…
rt  iava  breaking  historic burn pit legislation for post-9/11 veterans introduced by two post-9/11 veterans  repbrianmast  tulsipress  tu…
rt  reptimwalz  2 million people will have their access to food threatened if the  housegop passes their hyper-partisan farm bill  that s…
pastor pamela jones from linden  nj  is  making black history every day  by helping people reenter the job market …
despite  housegop efforts to shield him from tough questions  i let  stevenmnuchin1 hear about how trump policies a…
rt  hispaniccaucus  those who know the border the best  companies  lawmakers  both rs & ds  border communities  trade groups  economists  &…
thanks to  cvtc &  uwstoutmoc for showcasing great manufacturing work in the chippewa valley  wi is working hard &…
last week  i had the pleasure of meeting this year s winners of the congressional app challenge from our district …
rt  nbcnewsthink  the ronny jackson fiasco says more about the president than it does the doctor  argues  tedlieu  it s unclear whether th…
proud to stand with the flight3407 families this morning and fight alongside them for strong airline safety reform…
wishing everyone on the central coast a safe and fun st  patrick s day 
rt  statesman  one former austin police cadet said instructors told the cadets they would  punch you in the face  if you said you wanted to…
the aca extended the life of the medicare trust fund by 11 years  giving health insurance to millions  we cannot turn back  protect our care
rt  herbnjdc  bill pascrell  president donald trump is a  liar  on mental health checks for gun buyers -- but he s hoping for bipartisan ac…
yesterday  rep   herrerabeutler and i introduced the bipartisan ending maternal mortality act to halve rates of mat…
mr  president  you have continuously spewed contradictions  you have a strategy of offering a smorgasbord of lies f…
from my family to yours  happy mothers day 
top colleges produce black and latinx tech grads at two times the rate that top tech companies hire them  creating…
rt  senblumenthal  cohen received russian-linked payments  met pres  trump in the oval office  and hand-delivered proposal for lifting sanc…
i was honored to be invited to speak at a special ceremony this afternoon celebrating lemont high school being nam…
happy mothers day to all the wonderful and loving moms across the 1st district of illinois and around the world 
senator akaka was a champion for hawaiians and a dedicated public servant  he was loved by many and his memory will…
i m looking forward to speaking about the need to save net neutrality tomorrow 
kalashnikov usa  the assault weapons producer based in pompano  may be violating federal laws by importing gun part…
 even with unemployment at a 17-year low of 4 1%  the proverbial rising tide has not lifted all boats  the fancy ya…
rt  repschneider  i remain committed to working across the aisle to find a solution  rather than continuing to try to go it alone  i urge p…
my democratic colleagues and i are adamantly opposed to the reversal of the 2016 methane waste prevention rule and…
rt  brendankrose   reprichmond  ladepthealth  nwlc  aarplouisiana  nationalcouncil it will devastate older americans  a 62 yr old today w/i…
rt  repricklarsen  looking forward to  staceyplaskett testimony on usvi needs as result of hurricane maria devastation  great public servant
   darrellissa and i look forward to seeing you all at the launch of our congressional smart cities caucus happening…
rt  opershockwave  we are definitely better together
rt  repsarbanes    housedemocrats are fighting so all americans have a greater voice in our democracy  stronger america by the people
rt  oversightdems  breaking  repcummings seeks subpoena for documents ontrump administration s secret collaboration with anti-choice group…
congrats to my military academy nominee  michael flores  for his appointment to the u s  merchant marine academy …
we re calling on the secretary of education to do her job and protect students  not fraudulent for-profit colleges …
rt  house_drtf  here are 400 ways that  realdonaldtrump has broken his promise to drain the swamp 
we have seen dark days in our democracy  but the path to a brighter future is paved with the protections of a free and open public dialogue 
honored to join the falmouth community at 9/11 events  praying for peace and for our 1st responders never forget
proud to be among these finalists for creating a healthy work-life balance for my staff and working toward the same…
rt  nickalbares   reprichmond  nometrealtors  labudgetproject everyday americans will pay the price for this tax plan  while 1 in 5 middle…
rt  nathanhale7476  got to meet  repdarrensoto today  classroomwhereithappens  mrbettsclass  avalonelem_ocps  gilder_lehrman  senbillnels…
since the trump administration has made it clear that they have no interest in protecting our environment  congress…
rt  waysmeanscmte  today  oversight subcommittee ranking member  repjohnlewis spoke on the house floor in support of his bipartisan legisla…
working together to improve arizona schools is common sense  but arizona has more to do to give our kids the educat…
rt  bearsread  thank you  repstevestivers and  repbeatty for the donation to the  ua_highschool library  free books are the best restorec…
thanks to sheriff russell gibson &  osceolasheriff office for hosting gun return event  that s 39 unwanted guns off…
it was an honor and a privilege to help kickoff the 15th annual hestec initiative last night at the congressional   
rt  usgpo    repraskin meets with members of afge local 2876 at gpo 
rt  momsrising  today we re talking about how to take action to stand with immigrant women  protect families
currently protesting on the house floor-our nation deserves a vote on gun control legislation including my bill supporting local gun laws 
today in jersey city  a safer america is possible  a town hall for teens and young adults on gun safety note that…
a barbaric practice  disappointed trump administration backtracking from the president s initial analysis 
rt  ourrevolution  what s happening in arizona is proof that when working people unite and stand up  they have the power to demand real cha…
happy military spouse appreciation day to military spouses  as a senior member of the house armed services committee …
last december  i joined my colleagues to launch the bipartisan congressional reformers caucus  our goal is to work…
  realdonaldtrump s decision and ag sessions statement fail to recognize that dreamers  by definition  are law-abiding americans   2/4 
please pause for a moment of silence today september11 never forget
i love my district  never again
apparently donald plans to deliver an  inclusive  message that appeals to all americans  save the phoniness  we kno…
our nation s progress depends on increasing female leadership across industries  thank you   emkinstitute  for putt…
my staff will be in sedona and snowflake today to answer your questions about medicare  veteran benefits  and assis…
tonight s attack had no such congressional approval  did he change his mind today in order to change the headlines…
  eqca  it s my pleasure to speak with everyone tonight about our fight for fairness and opportunity for every cali…
joined  sengianaris   aravellasimotas   barnwell30  assemblymember catherine nolan  &  jimmyvanbramer in urging cit…
glad to see someone is holding russia accountable 
allowing certain individuals & companies to profit off of our veterans  health issues is a new low--even for trump…
a pleasure to meet with east la s maravilla community advisory cmte  i reminded members about my office services  a…
a president s most fundamental responsibility is to the security of the american people at home and abroad  one of…
rt  hansilowang   repjimmygomez  uscensusbureau  loyolalawschool former obama doj official justin levitt of civil rights division  now of  …
rt  amyklobuchar  joined my friend  collinpeterson at fargo va women veterans appreciation day  about 9% of u s  veterans are women  thank …
congress should have a say in how we proceed in response to assad s attack on his own people  and our strategy shou…
rt  housedemocrats  we re answering ask house dems questions   repsarbanes has an answer for  everyvoice 
did you miss me on  1a  tune in here  big guns rep steve israel big guns
rt  theplumlinegs  newsflash  the dreamers aren t actually going anywhere  meanwhile  the wall isn t getting built  and legal immigration…
rt  houseadm_dems  we call for the quick adoption of mandatory sexual harassment prevention and response training for members of the house …
while a handful of super rich families rake in  33 000 from the g o p tax scam  most illinois families might save  40…
a mind to work  
thank you  defensecomm for putting together yesterday s panel to discuss the evolving needs of military families 
rt  oversightdems  breaking   repcummings and  staceyplaskett obtain new documents showing  fema failed to respond to  emergency requests …
i have seen this crisis firsthand in rural alabama  in our state s rural black belt  i have toured rural communitie…
team titus welcomes consul general uyama of japan at the kizuna japanese spring festival only in district1
rt  lcvoters  breaking   epascottpruitt announces plan to weaken clean car standards -- one of the last policies we have in place to combat…
dr king dedicated his life to demanding freedom  fighting injustice & delivering on the promise of a brighter futur…
one thing that the  nra and  realdonaldtrump have in common is that they are both under investigation  oh  and both…
happy mothers day  our job isn t always easy  but the hard work is worth it as we love  nurture and instill good va…
republicans have repeatedly said that their nearly  2 trillion tax cut will pay for itself  they re either lying to…
this veterans day  let s once again pause as a nation to remember and thank those who have worn the uniform  as we…
bait and switch – the republican-controlled joint committee on taxation says taxes will go up 5 years from now  in…
i think that scott pruitt and mike pence are going to try to revoke macron s visa 
rt  voxdotcom  rep  debbie dingell pressed zuckerberg at his hearing to do more to protect facebook users  privacy 
those who have borne the battle to preserve our freedom often face challenges upon their return to civilian life  m…
great to be at the  detroitzoo today w/ outstanding partners in our effort to pass the recovering america s wildlif…
rt  joinjoyner  very proud of my community members this evening  it was my pleasure to honor thomasina bushby and shaquille bent for their…
public science helps us see how america s laws and policies impact american families and communities  we need to kn…
don t forget to vote for your favorite piece in rep  tulsi gabbard s kaha kiʻi congressional art competition now th…
there s only one way i know how to work in washington  the nebraska way   ne02 
in may  we honor the contributions our country s  aapi  communities and celebrate the contributions they ve made to…
join me & the  fbi on oct 17 to discuss your personal cybersecurity cyber aware cyber security awareness month
i will be sharing more congressional art competition submissions tomorrow on twitter and instagram  there is so much…
as if making it easier for his corporate pals to pollute our air  water  and land wasn t egregious enough  more lig…
it is also important to remember the role african-american women played in the anti-lynching movement  it was black…
rt  housedemocrats  this is a blatant effort by the trump administration to undermine the census process and intimidate immigrant communit…
 i look forward to working with williams on employment policies that will create a more inclusive economy     meek…
today we recognize equal pay day – the day when women have finally made  dollar-for-dollar  what male coworkers mad…
the 2015 congressional art competition is now open  to learn more about how to enter visit 
rt  waysmeanscmte  do you care about the federal government s fiscal responsibility  as this chart shows  budget deficits have shrunk under…
…and what about american jobs or u s  national security  our workers deserve to know why trump is all of a sudden…
please join me tomorrow at 11 am at the allendale bar & grill for my 23rd  cup of joe with josh  town hall 
90 000 children & pregnant women in colorado are still waiting for congress to fund  chip   time is running out  save c h i p
as  realdonaldtrump tours his wall prototypes today  it s important to remember that walls dont work  we need to foc…
according to a report by nine maternal mortality review committees  60 % of maternal deaths are preventable  yet in…
  realdonaldtrump callously proposed eliminating federal heating assistance program  liheap   which serves over 21 …
i am watching these hearing today  you should too  📫 watch live ➡️
it s national small business week  the u s  is home to 30 million small businesses  since 1995  small businesses have…
rt  wakefield_arts  congratulations to ciara bryant  truman deree and maddy wood who won hm s in the congressional arts competition  wakefi…
rt  replloyddoggett   repraskin  reptedlieu  davidcicilline thank you to  pogoblog  openthegov  sunfoundation  crewcrew for endorsing this…
mind you  this is the same  housegop that handed out a trillion dollars in tax giveaways to millionaires  billionai…
we lose 142 people every day to drug overdoses  let s continue to fight the opioid epidemic and keep our families s…
we all want what s best for our kids  i m leading a bipartisan call for the department of health and human services…
we grieve for philando castile alton sterling & dallas police shooting victims  we can t defeat violence w/ violence 
the american people deserve to feel safe in church  at school  at a concert  everywhere   1/4 
i stand with the students of marjory stoneman douglas high school in observing 17 minutes of silence in honor of th…
joined  petegallego and many others at san antonio s vfw post 9186  we want pete working with us again in washingt…
this week  i visited schools and early learning centers across de  i spoke with educators  students  school leaders…
we need to do this in pa 
you ve got it all backwards  it s because you have all these important responsibilities that we are concerned what…
rt  repcummings  it s time to send a clear message on the 2020 census that everyone counts  an undercount will hurt people in red states to…
good visit w/ norma gonzales  bexar dem nominee for judge of the 131st district court  get out to vote tmrw for all…
rt  whiphoyer  to d r e a mers  democrats hear you  and we are taking action throughout hispanic heritage month to bring the d r e a m act to the f…
as we continue to celebrate black history month & the 50th anniversary of the passing of dr  martin luther king  jr …
any original app created w/i the last year is eligible  deadline is 12 noon on wednesday 11/2 
on this international womens day  we re reminded of the great women that came before and those that are inspiring th…
tonight i will sign a discharge petition to bring the dream act to a vote  we must protect our d r e a mers 
62 years ago  rosa parks sparked a movement that changed our nation for the better  while the fight for equality a…
in just six weeks  congressional republicans wrote and passed a 500-page bill  they didn t have a single hearing on…
powerful article from  txmommydoc on the importance of addressing the growing rate of maternal mortality in the us …
rt  reporterjoe    repohalleran proposed a measure to give congress greater oversight of trump cabinet officials  military travel and the c…
if your daca expired on or after the september 5  2016 you may submit a daca renewal application  apply with uscis…
rt  rachren1  today i m headed to dc to testify to members of congress at a bi-partisan women s caucus on workplace sexual harassment put o…
however  responding with violence will not bring peace  the previous airstrikes ordered by president trump have not…
  epascottpruitt s mounting scandals make it impossible for him to lead the epa  his anti-environmental agenda has…
rt  vets4amerideals  thank you  repgonzalez  repmarktakano  repbarragan  repgrijalvacs  joaquincastrotx and others for your leadership and…
rt  repcicilline  democrats have a real plan to give people a better deal through investing in our workers & reprioritizing groundbreaking r…
the  gop  is proposing  1 5 trillion in new deficit spending & leaving the door open for gutting healthcare  to pay…
the gop house farm bill guts nearly  20 billion from  snap--  our nation s most important and effective anti-hunger…
while our community has faced an incredibly difficult and harrowing past few weeks during the thomas fire  i am in…
 hr6392  weakens oversight of 27 large regional banks holding  4t in assets & lets trump s treasury sec-nominee set banks free once again  3/
it s sad to hear of the passing of linda brown  as a young student  linda challenged school segregation – all the w…
senate democrats move one step closer to forcing vote to save the internet  proud to support similar net neutrality…
rt  hispaniccaucus  this is unacceptable   fema must do better for our fellow citizens in puerto rico 
just like harlem-native storm  hurricane matthew is destructive  those in the storm s path  stay safe  visit…
proud that my senate colleagues  senjackreed &  senwhitehouse are fighting today to save the internet  i joined my f…
a mind to work  
rt  johnjharwood  in 2018  new tax-cut gives top 1% average of  4 261 per month it gives bottom 20% of earners an average of  5 per month…
rt  clarkcountysch  congratulations to the winners of the 2018 congressional arts awards ceremony from  rosenfornevada congressional distri…
 pcoschallenge proud to stand with you and fight to raise awareness and find a cure for  pcos  
the gop house farm bill guts nearly  20b dollars from  snap   our nation s most important and effective anti-hunger…
rt  reptimwalz  2 million people will have their access to food threatened if the  housegop passes their hyper-partisan farm bill  that s…
on the phone with my constituents talking about the new g i bill and how it helps our veterans
best of luck to all the runners making the 26 2 mile trek in boston today from texas  33rd  make us proud  boston marathon
you really outdid yourself  washington  our state ranks 1 in economic activity 
thanks  holyokestpats &  holyokeparade for another terrific year celebrating st patricks day  parade413
a mom shouldn t have to beg a ceo for life  medicarefor all   her only chance at life is a new liver  but her insu…
earmarks encourage the worst behavior because they tempt people in congress to steal taxpayer money to benefit big…
rt  hardball   the special counsel is asking all the questions that the republicans on the house intel committee were not willing to ask  …
rt  msnbc  rep  nadler says  congress is failing its duty  in holding the trump administration accountable 
thank you  deeleyforphilly
as we all know  in recent months  allegations of sexual harassment and assault in the workplace have emerged across…
instead of protecting students from predatory for-profit universities   betsydevosed is hiring individuals from tho…
rt  hrc  happy birthday to  scotus  justice and  lgbtq  ally ruth bader ginsburg  for nearly 60 years  she has devoted her career to promotin…
in our state  56% of all new mexicans are employed by a small business owner or are an entrepreneur themselves  in…
i m proud to see these heroes receive this recognition  the highest national award for valor for public safety offi…
victims of sexual harassment deserve to be heard  including and especially within the halls of the capitol 
great meeting today with  ga13  members of the  atlhomebuilders and georgia home builders associations  we discussed…
michigan workers deserve good wages  safe working conditions and benefits that afford them greater economic securit…
  marcorubio is right  republican tax cuts are benefiting the richest americans  not american workers  g o p tax scam
discussing math coaches at central middle school in dover   csdsenators net d e edu d e
this is inexcusable and profoundly upsetting  examples of this violence at the hands of some law enforcement office…
rt  transportdems  watch ranking member  reppeterdefazio s statement on h r 4  the bipartisan  faa  reauthorization act✈️ 
i am pleased to have also participated at the hestec superintendents  leadership summit on educator s day   
rt  repblumenauer  proud to have earned an  f  from the nra       again  enough end gun violence march for our lives
calling on all business and restaurant owners in laredo  join us for dhs image and i-9 workshops next week april 23…
a well-deserved congratulations to rep  kennedy 
thank you to  repcharliedent for your years of service and tireless dedication to working together to find common-s…
we ll need to interview george nader & receive further testimony and documents from erik prince  prince s testimony…
first tap of the season here in connecticut  flowing well  perfect day/night temperature differential  there will…
rt  repdonbeyer  welcoming  nancypelosi and democratic leaders to alexandria s  novacommcollege to unveil our new economic plan  tools to s…
the administration s decision to add a citizenship question to the 2020 census is a grave mistake  it will cause tr…
rt  fscdems  the  cfpb  was created by dodd frank following the financial crisis to ensure that americans have an independent regulator work…
greyhound passengers had to mutiny when their driver was falling asleep at the wheel  that s why we need to pass h …
rt  officialcbc  watch our prebuttal state of the union press conference on how the cbc will  stare racism in the face  tonight 
live on periscope  interview with neil cavuto on fox business to bring some fair and balance 
 timothy_sheetz which phone   are you trying  we check and clear them everyday  perhaps wrong number 
today the house voted unanimously to pass my bill with rep  karen handel to increase accountability and transparenc…
after 70  votes to repeal obamacare  knowing they wouldn t pass  now  speakerryan dismisses vote on daca   i don t…
what s happening in washington has significant impact in colorado  i m convening a community forum this sunday  mar…
 dreamers  — there s still time  if you re eligible  make sure to submit your daca renewal  👉…
a few yrs ago rushford was hit by a devastating flood  facing high costs  a local grocery store applied for a reap…
honored to once again serve as grandmarshal of  seasidelemans cape cod - kudos to organizers for a great event
rt  reprobinkelly  russia attacked our 2016 election to help  realdonaldtrump become president  why is the trump administration hiding doc…
we must do more to make it easier & more convenient for all americans to exercise their right to vote  that s why i…
9 years ago  our nation experienced a devastating plane accident that impacted so many families across wny  through…
if you want a friend in washington  get a dog  happy our legislative fellow s pup nino could join us for…
on monday  the senate passed the african growth and opportunity act & the millennium challenge act modernization ac…
today  delaware joined the statesfor gun safety coalition  this partnership will help us  — share data across state…
rt  housedpcc  watch  repcicilline   repdankildee   rephankjohnson   repmarcykaptur   repbeatty &  whiphoyer speak out on the g o p tax scam…
dc area woman thrown under bus
 perrybarber perry  thanks for the kind words  i m passionate about baseball and helping improve the lives of our c…
as american muslims come together across the nation to celebrate ramadan  we hope this sacred time brings the bles…
the use of chemical weapons against innocent civilians is a crime against humanity  if assad is guilty of this hein…
behind the scenes of these corruption stories  scott pruitt s epa is adopting a rule to limit the science used in i…
it was great visiting disability rights ct last week to hear about the work that they do  and how the enactment of…
this is how systemic racism hurts generations of american families  congress should be doing more  not less  to mak…
rt  repjohnyarmuth  just like trumpcare & the g o p tax scam before it  the trump budget will force america s working families to pay the pric…
saddened to hear al swift died  al started as my rep  became a mentor and then friend  i will remember al for his w…
since  potus   first day in office  his admin &  housegop have relentlessly attacked women s reprorights & access to care 
joined  repcharliedent at the national association of counties this am to talk the importance of bipartisanship & i…
local news stations now required by sinclair broadcasting to parrot the talking points of the president  moving ame…
very proud of blake high school young artists at my 2018 congressional art competition  blake students had the larg…
rt  tcss_schools  we appreciate  repterrisewell visiting  crestmont2017 yesterday and challenging our students to w o r k  for success  wha…
statement of danny k  davis on anti-semitism
what constitutes a  great job  according to trump  looks like flying first class and safeguarding the interests o…
this morning  i was honored to join  amprog for a moving discussion about what proposed changes to the snap program…
it was a 14-hour marathon session in armed services committee to complete  fy19ndaa   i secured a number of provisio…
 rayvra southfield
rt  kristina_wong  hasc adopts  repmarktakai amdmt reversing per diem reductions contained in the joint travel regulations  costing dod per…
there is more rain and heavy winds in store for our region this week  make sure you & your family are prepared  • m…
tipsheet   gop s new tax plan 👇 👇 massive giveaways for the wealthy 🧐💰 🍞 crumbs  or nothing  for everyone else
so many have generously donated to the one fund in support of marathon bombing victims  please consider donating 
rt  johnjharwood   after taking office last year  pruitt drew up a list of at least a dozen countries he hoped to visit and urged aides to…
it was a great morning at farm share in quincy  we were able to feed several families through today s activities …
bring your teens to this event discussing  stem  opportunities  join us this friday  3/23 for our annual math & scie…
net neutrality is about protecting fairness  openness and competition  glad to see the senate move one step closer…
a full day in the district yesterday  met w/students from  fatoday &  ngp_blog re my work in congress  also met w/m…
glad to meet a fellow marylander who loves crab cakes as much as i do  i sat down this morning with maritime admin…
commonsense reforms that will help us feed more people in more places—our legislation is a critical piece in our ef…
please share  in effort to prevent identity theft among seniors  the federal government is issuing new medicare id…
it is critical that special counsel mueller s investigation continues without interference from the white house or congress 
while  housegop has passed special-interest bills  they have refused to bring up key bills that americans support & would help millions  1/
the future of agriculture is bright  today   rodneydavis and i visited  corteva to learn about how they are using s…
vaccines work to give life-long protection from polio to children everywhere  thanks to determined vaccination tea…
around 250 000 undocumented children ages 3-17 are enrolled in ca public schools  and nearly half of all ca childre…
  housegop s claim that the g o p farm bill doesn t cut  snap  is a bald-faced lie  it cuts a staggering  9 2 billion i…
cyberstalking is a serious threat to the safety of our children and we must do everything we can to stop it  i m pl…

rt  reproybalallard  this mothers day  we affirm the truth that no child should face the unthinkable terror of being forcibly separated fro…
rt  repterrisewell  the g o p tax scam provides a windfall of benefits for big corporations and special interests but fails america s working…
i have been so proud to work together with  actforparks to vote for parks and act for parks 
rt  travelgov  us citizens in turkey should shelter in place & stay indoors  update family/friends of your status when possible 
a free & open internet is critical to the economy & a functioning democracy  internet providers should not be allow…
when i talk to people about my bill to finally ratify the  era   h j  res  53  most are stunned to learn our constit…
thanks to everyone who came out to my office s service academy information day  i look forward to seeing some impre…
wow  we ve come a long way since i had carry my kids from place to place 
there is great power in the sound of the marching feet of determined people  goforit restore the v r a votingrights
contrary to what trump said today  the aca has not been repealed  and we ll be in westbury tomorrow to help  ny04  c…
wishing all our friends celebrating easter a happy one 
attention d r e a mers  the white house doesn t want you to know that if your daca expired on or after the september 5…
no   realdonaldtrump  you said you would sign whatever congress proposed  and then you came out against every reaso…
rt  nationalcouncil  greatly increases out-of-pocket health care spending for individuals w mental illness & addiction who will become unin…
rt  townhallproject  time to show up and speak out   va11   town hall for our lives
in this week s e-newsletter  i recap the latest from dc  including my efforts supporting common-sense gunsafety re…
new yorkers are not shaken  we remain strong and vigilant  chelsea explosion
in light of  realdonaldtrump s pardon of scooter libby   housejuddems wrote a letter to  repgoodlatte demanding hea…
an accurate 2020 census is critical to our nation  and the political decision by the trump administration to add an…
rt  roslehtinen    repeliotengel   i welcome  usaid s announcement that it will be assisting with venezuelan refugees in colombia  our bi…
trump pardons  scooter  libby in cia leak case  libby leak
encouraged by  flotus understanding of the serious impact of the opioid epidemic on children & families  the americ…
like you  i m disturbed by reports of a third party gaining access to private information of facebook users  congre…
two years after helping to add more service to  metra heritage corridor  i was proud to be part of the opening of r…
kelly is a student working toward becoming a medical assistant and a d r e a mer whose  daca  and work authorization ex…
madison  tonight i ll be hosting a town hall from 6 30 – 7 30 p m  at the  goodmancenterwi  i look forward to heari…
america has never truly atoned for slavery  conyers has pressed the issue for nearly 30 years  via  myblackmindd
el senado federal acepta llevar a  promesa  a votación con 68 a favor y 32 en contra  la medida deberá ser aprobada sin mayor dificultad 
i want to thank all the veterans today  i happen to think there s no higher calling  thank you…
rt  jeffflake  to say that  democrats want no borders  is inaccurate  every senate democrat voted for bipartisan immigration legislation in…
rt  oversightdems    repcummings   repjerrynadler  and  repadamschiff  these republican attacks show their desperation at the fact that mue…
barbara bush understood the deep importance of public service and instilled in her children the fundamental princip…
  latimes chronicles our push for  fema lease vouchers for pr evacuees 🇵🇷 🇺🇸 sayfie  hispaniccaucus…
rt  officialcbc  cbc chairman  reprichmond signs our 1 300-page jobs and justice act of 2018 after a press conference on thursday  may 10  2…
200 democrats and republicans in congress support the thompson king background checks bill that will prevent gun vi…
the usa can stop the online sale of bulk ammunition  buy back some of the guns that are most often used in crimes …
today s admission of guilt by flynn is a very serious development in the mueller investigation  flynn has admitted…
i m looking forward to working with you   rep_stevewomack   petesessions   reprobwoodall   reparrington   nitalowey…
rt  repdennyheck  today  repdonyoung   repperlmutter and i talked to the washington cannabusiness association about what the federal govern…
today i joined my colleagues in the  officialcbc to announce the jobs and justice act  our comprehensive response t…
thank you   rbjdaily  for this tremendous honor  i m sorry i can t be there in person to accept the award  i am so…
joined a bipartisan group of california members in sending a letter to  ustraderep lighthizer to express strong con…
happening now  talking the latest on the russia investigation on  cnn
yesterday  i met with jon gary herrera and leroy alloway of via metropolitan transit  via_transit  we discussed fun…
i had a great time marching in this weekend s st  patrick s day parade and commemorating this year s grand marshal …
spending time with local advocates from the  alzassociation  alzmaryland who are also concerned about the impact of…
for  realdonaldtrump  the presidency is all about self-promotion and self-enrichment 
providing the cdc the tools & materials they need to act on their findings as it pertains to gun violence preventio…
reminder  join us  this week my office will be hosting military service academy informational sessions in mission a…
 speakerryan &  housegop need to let congress to vote to protect d r e a mers  i m here to work for my constituents  no…
congress has finally passed my bill  the western oregon tribal fairness act  that gives sovereignty over tribal lan…
i d like to invite my constituents to another live telephone town hall being held on tuesday  may 1 at 6 30 p m  mt…
our economic health is directly tied to cleanwater  thank you to  envfl for their new report  troubled waters  and…
rt  nytimes  breaking news  president trump  in a surprising reversal  asked his advisers to look into rejoining the trans-pacific partners…
fattah leadership on brain science & health increased neuroscience funding in fy16 omnibus via  yahoonews
the fire danger has increased to high across both the sandia & mountainair ranger districts  fire managers will ena…
this week hoosiers are grieving  this would be a tragedy no matter who caused the accident  we shouldn t use a tra…
he s right  there s a smoking cannon  trump russia
terribly saddened by this tragedy  as puerto rico has struggled in recent months to survive and then recover from…
enjoyed speaking with young leaders of the  ymca this morning  i m incredibly honored to receive their congressiona…
since his days on the campaign trail  president trump has long promised a bold  aggressive  state-of-the art infras…
the so-called  p r o s p e r act  is the latest attack in the gop s war on students  it would result in students having t…
congratulations to major general gary m  brito on becoming the first african-american commander of the maneuver cen…
not only does  realdonaldtrump want to expand offshore drilling to every coast  he wants to roll back safety regula…
read my statement here 
rt  aarpmd    repraskin represents 112 000 aarp members in his district 8  we discussed our key issues with his legislative director  will …
the american people deserve answers and accountability from scott pruitt – not just for his serious ethical lapses…
the united states has a proud history of leading the international community in helping others during times of stri…
i fully back  agschneiderman  s lawsuit against trump s attack on new york s immigrant communities 
rt  cfr_org  now   repadamschiff discusses russia s u s  election interference  north korea  and the iran deal with  mitchellreports  watch…
 onlyorganic the organic sector has seen strong increases in annual sales  but access to land and costs associated…
thanks to these incredible advocates from the  stbaldricks foundation  we will cure childhoodcancer  i am proud to…
congratulations to  repmarcykaptur on surpassing former congresswoman edith nourse rogers who hailed from lowell  t…
only during wwii was our debt a higher percentage of gross domestic product than it is right now  i hope this puts…
rt  housebudgetdems  first  uscbo director and former federal reserve vice chair  alice rivlin  brookingsecon  speaking about g o p tax scam a…
rt  wcax_adam  rep  kuster sits down with a table full of state officials on the front lines of the opioid epidemic in new hampshire  nhpo…
reading this article sent chills down my spine  i know the kind of devastation multiple gunshot wounds can do to th…
rt  centeronbudget  the g o p tax plan gets worse every single year -- yes  even in 2019  millions of households making less than  200k per ye…
the republican party is on the verge of passing a farm bill which includes work requirements and major cuts to snap…
calling all l train riders  tonight is the mta s manhattan town hall meeting  a great opportunity to get info about…
50 years ago tonight  the reverend dr  martin luther king jr  was assassinated at the lorraine motel in memphis  te…
thank you  michelmcqmartin for having me on  npratc last night  improving the lives of vets should always be a non…
these fake women s health centers provide ideology  not honest  accurate medical care  women deserve reproductive h…
rt  naacp    repalgreen presents articles of impeachment against president trump 
strengthening education  guaranteeing workplace benefits  improving workplace culture  fixing our broken immigratio…
one in three lgbtq students have missed a day of school because they felt unsafe  that is simply unacceptable  i m…
this is ridiculous 
today  same-day audio  tomorrow  cameras in the courtroom 
the g o p tax scam in a nutshell  the wealthy get 💰  everyone else gets 🥜 
 2016republic  housegop and you are wrong 
on world autism awareness day  let us recommit to promoting diversity and inclusivity and investing in the potential…
march is womens history month  a time to celebrate the women whose achievements shaped our nation and paved the way…
rt  homelanddems  today ranking members  benniegthompson  repjerrynadler  repcummings wrote the white house to demand answers on how its ha…
this week  let s thank and support our teachers  and everyone who staffs our schools and supports our students  fro…
i still cannot get over the fact that polluting pruitt tried to use his security detail s sirens to get around dc t…
especially my office in d c  tastes like home 
chag sameach and happy passover to those celebrating 
  speakerryan had a choice  split the republican party or oversee its moral demise  he chose the latter  and he kne…
we as a country mourn the loss of first lady barbara bush  she was a role model and a pillar of strength for her…
our libraries provide a place where the community can come together to learn & experience new things  excited to he…
rt  samanthamrapp   replipinski  thank you for leading the way as a co-sponsors for the bipartisan b o l d alzheimers act  hr 4256    viewing …
reminder  our work is not over  trump admin is sabotaging health care for political gain  driving up premiums and c…
breaking  discovered late tonight that chairman nunes made material changes to the memo he sent to white house – ch…
congressional republicans let  chip  expire 60 days ago  putting more than 9 million children at risk of losing heal…
rt  dedeptofed  first lady tracey quillen carney joined  csdsenators william henry ms nutrition staff today for  nsbw18  to see the grab-n-g…
social security is not an entitlement  it is the insurance that you pay for through the federal insurance contribut…
rt  wusfschreiner  moments after i took these pictures of  fl_wildcorridor members  joeguthrie8 &  mdimmitt  along with  wusf s  stevenewbo…
from building the wwii memorial in washington  to fighting to level the playing field for working people …
i m hosting a transportation forum in fairfield today to bring local  state and national policymakers together--as…
rt  kasiedc  new legislation meant to protect women and keep guns out of the hands of domestic abusers - known as the  boyfriend loophole …
rt  anng27  thank you   repjayapal  for speaking out to defend the most vulnerable among us  hands off s n a p
i was honored to receive a mount diablo unified school district & community advisory committee s  you make a differ…
proud to see  utsa continuing to be a leader in cybersecurity and working to create the next generation of the cyb…
hace casi diez años exactamente  la redada más grande de la historia ocurrió en postville  iowa  hoy  en víspera d…
house democrats led by  repmaxinewaters hold a protect mueller press conference
thinking about the tight-knit law enforcement family throughout colorado today  grateful for their service and bra…
for many states  the open enrollment period for 2018 ends at midnight tonight  you still have time to get covered a…
great to chat w  nalvarezwftv &  gwarmothwftv at orlando pr parade 🇵🇷 thanks  wftv        hispaniccaucus…
 donald trump  biggest threat to our republic  -- rep rangel remarks at 2016 cbcf gala  via  youtube
without the iran deal s rigorous inspection regime  iran could resume its illegal nuclear weapons program  pulling…
president trump just signed my western oregon tribal fairness bill into law  this bill rights a historic wrong and…
rt  demsespanol  esta medianoche inicia el segundo año de la presidencia de  realdonaldtrump - y nuestro gobierno acaba de cerrar  esta es…
proud to be a  janedoe white ribbon day ambassador & to bring pledge to congress for the 6th year in a row   wrd2017 
a6  that s right  one of the many entities filling this void of u s  leadership is the  usclimate alliance  a bipar…
 epascottpruitt rolling back regulations that limit emissions will mean more cases of asthma in children  keeping h…
trump  you can t have cohen broker an nda & payoff to stormy to keep her from talking about your affair & then deny…
an iconic freedom fighter and activist  may winnie mandela forever rest in power 
the affordable care act became law 8 years ago this week  i am thankful for everything the law accomplished  and ha…
discussing my work in congress to combat hepatitis b during hep b forum in flushing held by  hepfreenyc and…
if the majority truly cared about fiscal responsibility  they would work with  housedemocrats on a long-term bipartisan solutions 
it was good to meet today with the  ncsrccarpenters to discuss federal investments in infrastructure & workforce de…
rt  housebluedogs  the blue dogs are proud to support  reploucorrea s call for a public hearing on this issue  read background here 
this past weekend  our nation witnessed the power of our youth voices firsthand  i had the opportunity to meet wit…
don t forget - join me   repjeffries  repespaillat  legalaidnyc  thenyhc  cssnyorg today - at noon on city hall st…
through  chip   some 9 million needy children across the nation receive quality health care  the president is demand…
rt  supjanicehahn  the best meetings on the hill happen in the hall 
rep  mcdaniel is retiring this year  but his legacy could include saving thousands of tennesseans and our rural hospitals 
wishing everyone in  ny04  a happy purim 
right now our country is having a necessary and long-overdue discussion about sexual harassment and assault  and co…
eight years ago today  we witnessed one of history s worst environmental disasters  the deepwater disaster oil spill 
stopped by monroe co fair and got to meet pancake  the goat  who was being shown by aiden  had a great day at the f…
team castro attended  utsa s  a taste of folklife 2018   one of the many events celebrating san antonio s tricenten…
heartbroken by the passing of my dear colleague  repmarktakai after his battle with pancreatic cancer  my deepest condolences to his family 

rt  oversightdems  new report on skyrocketing drug prices  president s speech today reportedly abandons campaign promise to authorize medic…
 realdonaldtrump your executive order made young men and women live in fear of deportation from their home  and th…
in april 1790 george washington toured li  on april 23rd  washington stopped to eat at platt s tavern in huntington…
i was honored to join afghan first lady rula ghani  usip to discuss the role of women as peacemakers …
honored to give the commencement  msmedu and receive an honorary doctorate  congratulations to all the graduates  w…
i look forward to reviewing the trump administration s opioid plan next week and working on bipartisan solutions to…
rt  aathcgme  thanks  congressmanruiz significantly increasing funding for teaching health centers  where the next generation of physicians…
we must continue to protect special counsel robert mueller so he can finish the work he s set out to do 
because of the backlash from americans across the country  the va reversed its decision to cut funding to help home…
this isn t how we should run the united states of america  we need to open the government by holding a vote on a re…
glad to see the senate judiciary cmte pass this important legislation but  speakerryan and  senatemajldr are still…
caro crawford brown was the first woman in texas to win the pulitzer prize for reporting that helped to end a decad…
rt  johndingell  louise slaughter was a legend  she had a kindness that made you happy to know her and a fire in her belly that sure made m…
today we remember the six million jews and millions of others brutally murdered during the holocaust  we can t be…
happy tax day  here s some of the ways  epa administrator scott pruitt is using your tax dollars to fund his luxury…
rt  washingtonpost  how  blackish  star jenifer lewis became  the mother of black hollywood 
rt  officialcbc  for  bhm   we highlighted african americans who 𝘮𝘢𝘥𝘦 america great  today  for  whm2018   we re highlighting women of color…
rt  oversightdems  just in   repcummings presses gowdy to issue a subpoena to compel white house to produce docs relating to top aides to t…
rt  johnbonifaz  i am looking forward to joining  repespaillat and  repcohen this sunday in nyc for this important discussion on the call f…
congratulations to all the members of  neinstitutetech s 2018 graduating class  you have made us proud  and your ha…
rt  reppeteolson  tonight  my  aicaucus co-chair  repjohndelaney and i joined  politico to discuss our bill  the future of ai act and the r…
i had the privilege of meeting students from odle middle school in d c  this week  congratulations on your achievem…
 tvccacares volunteers have helped veterans get many types of medical benefits  obtain military medals  and foster…
nation prescription drug take back day is tomorrow  4/28   each day 46 people die from overdoses involving prescrip…
town hall
rt  edworkforcedems   cfpb response from  repbonamici   the trump administration has once again shown that it cares more about corporate in…
there should be economic equity and equality for everyone in this country  not just those in certain zip codes 
federal renewable energy tax credits helped drive local solar jobs like the great team in ellington at earthlight inc  happy earth day 
and we will continue to work with  prfaa to resolve this matter with  fema quickly to help these families 🇺🇸 🇵🇷…
i m proud pace glass chose to continue investing in new jersey workers and families by opening up its second facili…
hoʻomaikaʻi linell dilwith of stevenson middle school in honolulu on being named the 2018 hawaii national distingu…
every year  we hold a contest for high school students from the 17th district and the winner gets to have their art…
proud that  santabarbaracc received a  5 3m  usedgov grant that will expand stem education for students and faculty 
live  omb director mulvaney is testifying before the house budget committee  watch here 
rt  usrepricknolan  america s support for this saudi-led war in yemen is  1  unauthorized by congress  2  contributing to horrific starva…
 josh_zeitlin  advisorybd  asaf_bitton  atul_gawande congrats  josh 
honored to receive the advocate for agriculture award today & proud to be an advocate for georgia s farmers everyday…
rt  foxnewssunday  exclusive  rep brad sherman  d-ca  & shawn nelson  vice chairman orange county board of supervisors
who is going to pay the price for trumps trade war  hardworking soybean farmers across the midwest who sell their cr…
today may we reflect on the legacy of dr  martin luther king jr  and rededicate ourselves to creating a more just …
our economy depends on dedicated educators who prepare our students for the workforce and inspire them to pursue th…
rt  repcohen  pleased to be joined by  repbarbaralee  cosponsor of h res621 articles of impeachment in memphis as we honor martin luther k…
the only thing that asking about citizenship in the 2020 census will do is give us an inaccurate count  and the rea…
happy national ag day  the agriculture industry contributes  88 3 billion annually to wisconsin s economy  and pro…
the last thing i want to see is a government shutdown  which is why i ve been working to pass this bipartisan deal …
it s time the  gop listen up  because these students aren t going anywhere  they ve sparked a movement that has cap…
open enrollment ends in 5 days  visit before december 15th to buy or change your health car…
wow  i was blown away this morning by the passion and eloquence of vera escaja-heiss  vera is a junior at south bur…
rt  eib_podcast  episode 6 is here  we sit down with  repzoelofgren  listen here 
congratulations to  argonne on the center for nanoscale materials s 10th anniversary - a leading nanotechnology res…
rt  ktchelidzetc  our first stop on a tour of willimantic with  repjoecourtney is  unitedservct behavioral health center construction site…
if you are interested in how the house of representatives works - and what dems are doing to make the body better s…
the city of kent is in the final two in the 3rd annual strongest town contest presented by strong towns  16 cities…
how many more americans will die from gunviolence while congress s irresponsible inaction drags on  enough
don t take my word for it  the president s own party recognizes that the president  has a problem  with lying  he n…
i am proud to have worked with local partners to deliver this pragmatic solution for our community and the entire state of california 
disturbing & unacceptable admin  pruitt could not answer significant questions on the public health impact of  epa …
tune in to  foxnews at 8 30am pt  i ll be joining  teamcavuto to discuss the latest on the iran deal 
i especially commend  aanp_news president dr  joyce knestrick &  aacnursing board chair dr  ann cary for their supp…
today we honor the sacrifice of the brave heroes that have protected and defended our freedoms  thank you for your…
rt  csccancerpolicy   hr1409  restores the doctor-patient relationship when it comes to determining treatment  oralparity  replancenj7  rep…
evidence and testimony at last week s  officialcbc hearing on black identity extremism raised further questions abo…
supporters have started an  i just voted for mike capuano for u s  senator  facebook group - masen
it s not a flash drive i m holding - it s an e-cigarette that can be charged in the usb port of a computer and that…
as pres  trump & congressional gop continue their effort to sabotage & undermine the law s key provisions  they wou…
today we pay tribute to those that came before us who fought for fairer living wages and working conditions  we hon…
as the special counsel s criminal investigation escalates  every member of congress has a responsibility to send a…
during the trump shutdown  our military will go without pay and the pentagon will be in the dark about its future spending
rt  oversightdems  must watch  marking the one year anniversary of the day president trump fired fbi director comey because of the russia i…
rt  repjoekennedy   we are bombarded with one false choice after another  coal miners or single moms  rural communities or inner cities  th…
rt  nature_ohio  grateful to  repmarciafudge for introducing important legislation to help farmers adopt soil health & water quality manag…
trump s culture of corruption continues  in another win for his lobbyist pals  polluting pruitt is limiting what sci…
rt  sustainableag  thank you for your attention to ensuring that we have a good  clean  fair farmbill 
honored to be on this list with some fabulous women  thank you  politico 
i ll be back on  wbalradio his pm discussing the mueller indictments  it s now clear that the russians worked to u…
speaker ryan/house republicans fire father conroy  the chaplain  for his public prayer that g o p tax scam should not…
mr  president  as the first lady makes her recovery  she  you  and the rest of your family are in my prayers  godspeed 
rt  oversightdems  read it here  first draft of this letter was provided to the trump administration by alliance defending freedom  and it…
thankful that  meekmill has been freed from an outrageous sentence  now it s time to hold the so-called judge accou…
rt  housedemwomen  thank you to our dwwg members  reproybalallard &  repjayapal for standing up for pregnant immigrant women 
rt  peterwelch    thejusticedept should reject the merger of  wearesinclair and  tribunemedia  if it fails to do so  one media conglomerate…
very proud of the many students in cd4 that showed their passion for progress on gun safety yesterday …
the paycheck fairness act would help close the wagegap by giving workers stronger tools to combat wage discriminati…
it s disappointing that a state must defend its right to treat immigrant families with dignity and decency 
the teen pregnancy prevention program has reduced the number of unintended teen pregnancies & keeps young people he…
 centeronbudget this is unacceptable & why provider organizations like  amermedicalassn oppose graham cassidy  read…
tengan en mente que mis constituyentes pueden montarse en un avión en cualquier momento y mudarse a la florida o a tejas 
heartfelt prayers are w/victims & families of today s apparent terrorist attack  nyc is full of strength & resolve  be prepared  not scared 
 tgowdysc would make a great judge and i suspect is giving up any hope of being a federal judge as trump never rec…
on the 4th anniversary of the flint water crisis  i m proud to join over 37 members of congress to support the…
congressional republicans have – at least temporarily – moved from a hyper-partisan approach to actually negotiatin…
according to scott pruitt  his role as epa administrator justifies taking lavish international trips at the taxpaye…
honored to present this year s  apaics stewardship award to preeta bansal for her commitment to serving the aapi co…
exciting to see so many democrats joining together to organize for 2018  electing delegates for our state conventio…
a 64-year-old earning  25 000 per year in texas would see his or her premium increase by  15 151  trumpcare = deathcare ☠️☠️☠️
in august  i brought you along as i toured the first congressional district  now  here s a chance to see what goes…
ending  tps  is a mistake that will divide families & negatively affect our communities  realdonaldtrump  save t p s…
staff from my district office will hold mobile office hours at the gadsden county public library on wednesday from…
rt  physquivel  amazing conversation about hep  so honored to be able to talk w/  repfilemonvela   thanks for the continued support h e ptak…
make sure to come out to my 21st annual job fair monday  april 9th from 9 am – 2 pm at the morgan state university…
it s national library week  our local libraries are more than just a place for books 📚  they play a vital role in ou…
we must do everything we can to protect our health and environment  i m glad to have earned a score of 97% on the 2…
started off today w/ residents of the academy in boulder  giving an update on everything in washington  love heari…
honored to meet with the captains and crew of the uss carl vinson   cvn70  and uss eisenhower   thecvn69   thank yo…
i had an opportunity to ask facebook ceo mark zuckerberg about the company s efforts to protect users  privacy & pe…
while i fully support this bill  there is much more work to be done  and we must keep our government open and worki…
yesterday  i joined many of my colleagues in wearing red to support the american heart association s go red for wom…
rt  lcvoters   the clean power plan sets a clear path toward america s energy future  -- repcartwright act on climate
teachers provide our youth with incredible opportunities that give them a stronger  brighter future  our dynamic…
delta delta delta  i loved seeing the ladies of  tridelta today  my sisters inspired me to learn and lead with purpo…
rt  congressionalac  k-12 students  there s still time to submit your app for the 2016  congressionalac  deadline  noon est  wed  11/2
coming up on  cnnee  my interview on the republican hypocrisy regarding sanctuary cities  w/ imolinarescnn
  nlrb shamefully moving forward with plans to settle this case  proud to send a letter today w/  bobbyscott asking…
rt  katecrowther  low voter turnout may benefit underdog  via // get out the vote  masen
i met with the mayors of leesburg  albany  talbotton  & richland  csuleadership to discuss some of the issues faci…
if you need assistance  please contact either u s  senator maria cantwell at  206  220-6400 or u s  senator patty murray at  206  553-5545 
my decade-long effort to secure  200 million in federal funds for the new frederick douglass memorial bridge is abo…
62 years ago today  rosa parks stood up for what is right  what is fair  and what is just  by sitting down on a mon…
net neutrality is about keeping the internet open and fair for everyone  the  fcc and trump administration want to…
rt  nitalowey  international womens day is the perfect time to introduce my inaugural  spotify playlist for womens history month  from  carol…
this month  folks from all over the country will be graduating from college  it s a reminder that – for too many –…
had a great discussion about the importance of civic engagement with students at rialto high school  thanks for hav…
today  the house passed a bill we cosponsored to crack down on human traffickers by targeting their finances  we ll…
rt  nancypelosi  republicans need to stop misleading americans and tell the truth  their tax plan will raise taxes on middle class families…
   para asistir a pr en el tema económico y el área de salud para que entonces podamos deliberar y llegar a un consenso 
today  i introduced a motion which will ensure that the nurses and doctors who perform sexual assault forensic exam…
nurses are on the front lines of america s growing opioid epidemic  empowering them to prescribe science-driven tre…
i recently wrote state house speaker corcoran and senate president negron urging them to change this decades-old la…
a pa woman sees  1 50 increase in her weekly paycheck  compare that to people who earn more than  500k  who will se…
happy thanksgiving to you and your family 
rt  berkeleyscgov    clyburn joins berkeley county leaders to dedicate the cross public safety building to rev  corean anderson 
this sounds an awful lot like donald trump s lawyer telling the attorney general to violate his recusal and obstruc…
visited the dahiet al ameer school in jordan  which was serves syrian children who are refugees from the ongoing co…
  realdonaldtrump & his republicans are mortgaging the future of medicare  medicaid  & social security to give mass…
rt  msnbc  congresswoman karen bass  putin must have  devastating  info on trump
instead of spending     for our troops to honor trump  trump should help us honor our troops  his absurd parade cou…
rt  reploisfrankel  cuts to  snap  as proposed by the gop will hurt the most vulnerable members of society  our children  taking food away f…
proud to join catholics -- priests  bishops  nuns  jesuits  franciscans and many others -- from all over america to…
rt  senschumer  extremely troubling article  now more than ever our country needs to lead the world in remembering the atrocities of the ho…
great to see oh-11 come together and fight for comprehensive gun control laws march for our lives gun reform now
on average  prescription drug prices went up  12 6% in 2014 10% in 2015 it s time to make these medications more af…
rt  oversightdems    repcummings to rex tillerson  whistleblowers report multiple allegations of harassment by senior  statedept employee …
on november 6  1928  octaviano larrazolo of new mexico becomes first latino elected to the united states senate …
i sent a newsletter yesterday about staying cyber aware  to receive my weekly emails you can sign up here …
the  aca  has provided quality  affordable health care coverage to millions of americans  this am i helped kick off…
rt  officialcbc  former cbc chair  repbarbaralee will start answering questions at 5 pm et  she s the author of a bill that supports invest…
today we remember the innocent lives lost on 9/11 and honor the courage of first responders  never forget
rt  whiphoyer  i m closely monitoring reports of an incident at great mills high school in st  mary s county  my prayers are with the stude…
honored to speak before the screening of i am evidence at thermo fisher scientific during sexual assault awareness…
there should be nothing partisan about our national security  nor our relationship with our ally israel 
rt  delaware_gov   johncarneyde we look forward to seeing everyone s photos  for more info on the contest  check out our blog post 
thank you 
my staffer patrick o connor met with the  cityoflaredotx convention and visitor s bureau director ramos  dist  5 co…
rt  nolandmccaskill   the house office buildings are  office  buildings   30 cbc members wrote in a letter to the ethics committee   the ho…
mark your calendars  next el paso town hall is coming up on april 2nd at the chapin high school auditorium  hope yo…
merrick garland was the right man at the right time  there was no reason why his confirmation should have been dela…
i ll be holding public office hours tomorrow in goleta  i m looking forward to hearing your concerns about current…
rt  repraulgrijalva  what happened in flint four years ago was a tragedy and a wake-up call to us all  this is what happens when we stop in…
really enjoyed taking part in this keynote panel with  nihdirector at the  milkeninstitute m i global conference  we…
pardons must not become a  get out of jail free  card for president trump s friends  family  and advisors 
the fcc chairman s plan to repeal net neutrality will favor big tech businesses over startups and will give isps un…
glad to meet with my michigan brothers & sisters in labor in dc today to discuss trade  pensions  health care & way…
thank you  barackobama for your unwavering support for our community  it is appreciated  prayfor boston
sending a sincere thank you to the men and women who support our servicemembers every day 
our sanctions are meaningless unless we enforce them  trump to end enforcement to save chinese jobs  chinese have…
grateful for the support of mayor martin walsh  looking forward to making it official tomorrow  mapoli  ma07… 
tomorrow is denim day  stand up for sexual assault survivors and wear your jeans with purpose 
hud was created to eliminate housing discrimination and work towards greater equality  that s why i am extremely co…
we have classrooms infested with bees  old textbooks held together with tape  and teachers living on the verge of p…
students walking out today understand that we need elected officials to stop behaving as if profits for gun manufac…
today is 4th anniv of daca implementation which allowed 1000s to come out of the shadows & access economic opportunity  we fight for families
young adults across the country stood up  walked out and said enough is enough  they re brave enough to stand up t…
rt  sorenson_impact    repjohndelaney of maryland shares his insights on philanthropy  nonprofits and more  don t miss his remarks tomorrow…
happening now 
 passantino ironic that michelle wolf is catching criticism for her comedy performance at the whcd  at least her ja…
so the investigation is causing bad blood  not the part where russia attacked our country by interfering with our e…
we have been fortunate to have support from hundreds of businesses & others who have come forward to defend d a c a  w…
rt  officialcbc   cbcdemandsjustice 
today  energycommerce hearing i asked  ferc  commissioners how we can encourage utilities to look at more than just…
on this anniversary of nato  we join 28 of our nato allies to reaffirm our commitment to security and liberty for e…
congratulations to  uscgacademy cadet erin wright on her  fulbrightprgrm scholarship to pursue her master of philos…
hope dory finds her way back to her home on the central coast in morro bay 
 icymi   my remarks to  11alivenews at yesterday s m l k statue unveiling 
rt  reproybalallard  shocked by the sudden passing of my longtime friend and colleague  rep  louise slaughter  she was an ardent advocate f…
rt  ppact  red alert  republicans are trying to undermine obamacare  again  protect our care
open enrollment ends this week - december 15th  visit to explore options and find a plan t…
congratulations to liberty garcia  a student at vidal m  trevino school of communication and fine arts in laredo  f…
proud to join my colleagues and oppose efforts to fundamentally change the impact aid program and strip funding fro…
i am saddened by the news of former first lady barbara bush s death  she will remembered for her strength and digni…
unveiled proposal for long-term care benefit  jfkmedicalnj adult medical day program  it s time to expand medicare…
john bolton is being rewarded for selling the lie of wmds in iraq and peddling hatred of muslims with the position…
urban farmers please be sure to attend this free workshop  at the workshop you will learn about high tunnel systems…
congratulations  asu for the ranking as one of the top schools for veterans 
great conversation about  smithsonian at this morning s interior-environment appropriations hearing  especially exc…
i look forward to working with my colleagues to advance this important legislation  learn more here 
congress needs to act immediately to overturn this outrageous action  here to stay  daca   dreamer 
a little off on the technique  typically striking the bolt pose doesn t include covering your face  takes some prac…
proud to have earned a perfect score on this year s l c v scorecard  i ll continue to fight for clean air and clean w…
rt  lacountylibrary  librarians and teachers work together to help students achieve their goals  during teacher appreciation week  we thank…
nyt  republicare cuts funding for the poor  taxes for the rich  usatoday  hard to find winners under republicare  what were they thinking 
rt  lacountyarts  la county-based org interested in hosting free concerts are encouraged to apply for the 2018 free concerts in public site…
congratulations to toll gate high school s mock trial team on advancing to the national  nhsmtc competition in neva…
today kicks off teacher appreciation week  as an educator myself  i know our teachers in  clarkcountysch  and all ac…
 potus  canceled  daca   and  gop  leadership refuses to act  the result  dreamers and their loved ones remain panick…
the 2010 deepwater horizon disaster devastated the gulf region  and continues to negatively impact the area to this…
rt  femaespanol  si busca refugio use la aplicación de fema o envíe  refugio  por mensaje de texto y su zip code a 4fema  43362   cargos no…
 knowbe4  clearwater biz working to keep the world s data safe  🌐
whether or not iran stays in the deal  it now has license to claim it s null and void  and respond by restarting th…
rt  hispaniccaucus  forced family separation is not only traumatic but impacts the ability for both parents & children to seek legal protec…
the discrimination that stacy bailey faced because of her sexual orientation is unacceptable  we must push for lgbt…
rt  ocregister  ed royce  longtime o c  congressman  plans to retire
rt  repmarkpocan  today we celebrate national coming out day  everyone needs support  no matter where they are in their journey  we re here f…
today is the eighth anniversary of one of my proudest days in congress  the day president obama signed the affordable care act into law 
 epaoig  epascottpruitt in december 2017   epagov published a press release announcing that administrator pruitt ha…
rt  repdankildee  four years later  flint families are still recovering from the water crisis and having to use filters & bottled water  in…
 there may be times when we are powerless to prevent injustice  but there must never be a time when we fail to prot…
pleased the house appropriations committee took our strong recommendation and has included the full  150 million fu…
constant failure to protect public health or our environment  dismissing the most basic science  abusing power and…
more than 90 percent of children killed with firearms in high-income countries are killed in the united states  today we say never again 
if jared kushner was not trump s son-in-law  he would not be able to get a job in any branch of government 
 0  that is how much money the state department has spent  out of  120 million available  to investigate and preven…
rt  energycommerce  ranking members  frankpallone and  reprichardneal request assistance from 14 insurance companies on ways to better addr…
fact  2 000 000 americans will have their access to food threatened if  housegop s farm bill becomes law  protect s n a p
probably lies
rt  brawleyunionhs  brawleyproud brawleyexceeds we are proud of maia and her talents in art  music  and wrestling  thank you   repjuanvar…
it was a pleasure to have  universityofri president dooley  dr  peter snyder and dr  raymond wright in my office to…
rt  officialcbc   reprichmond  realdonaldtrump  whitehouse  repbonnie  corybooker  repbarbaralee  repyvetteclarke  deptofdefense  benniegth…
more great news from  culinary226  union strong
had another productive discussion with  usace_spd   usbr   ca_dwr   and safca as part of our ongoing work to bolste…
rt  nancypelosi  four years after the start of the flint water crisis  families are still using filters & bottled water  our fellow america…
rt  jimpressoffice  great point from my colleague  repzoelofgren on fisa reauthorization bill  trust the experts  judgetedpoe  jerrynadler h…
calling president trump  we need our antisemitism monitor more than ever |  algemeiner  statedept
as we head into the new year  take a moment and fill out my survey on what you think matters most to our community …
great to see newport news school board chair gary hunter at the newport news public schools annual service awards b…
students organized the march for our lives and rallied a brand new movement  we have not won gun safety laws  but ame…
rt  sarahdwire  californian and daca recipient leticia herrera speaks at a press conference with members of…
excited to note the kick off to the 2018 commercial shipping season at the port of duluth-superior  shipping throug…
rt  alisonforky  public education is under attack in kentucky  full stop 
after newtown  after aurora  after charleston and orlando and now las vegas  how many more must die  what is your blood price 
poor relations with russia were caused by russia s violation of our sovereignty  not the investigation of it  and t…
from our crumbling roads and bridges to lead-contaminated water  america is falling apart and behind  trump s infra…
congratulations to my sister  public advocate  tishjames  this years recipient of the shirley chisholm award for li…
great day up in flagstaff for one-on-one meetings at the office  a visit to  coconinocc  and a tour of elevated shr…
are you a student interested in attending a u s  service academy  i m hosting a service academy info night on 5/24…
urging  potus/ ustraderep to stand up to for workers across the continent  any renegotiated  nafta  agreement needs…
it is incumbent on congress to immediately pass legislation to protect the special counsel  the president s comment…
vaccines work to save lives  over 400 million children are vaccinated each year to end polio  and we are closer tha…
tune in now to  coffee with a congresswoman  on  tmj4 to hear my take on the 8th anniversary of obamacare…
the iran deal has worked as intended  preventing iran from obtaining the materials needed to develop a nuclear warh…
as americans across the country crunch the numbers on their family s finances on tax day  it s a good time to discu…
sending a big thank you to my colleagues in the us senate for their commitment in helping kids with cancer by incr…
rt  repbobbyrush  today  marks the fourth anniversary of the city of flint s water being switched  contaminating the city s water supply wi…
it s the holiday season &  housegop is gifting special provisions to their friends & corps  i strongly oppose & vot…
i posted a new photo to facebook
spicer on hitler 🤦‍♂️what an idiot
the second district continues to be a hub for growth and innovation in the energy sector  i l02 proud
tomorrow october 24th  is the last day to register to vote in california  register here 
  ncj_of_humboldt deserves a rose for solving this mystery 
for information on how to help please follow  mayorharrykim  hawaiiredcross  civildefensehi our thoughts and prayer…
rt  officialcbc  cbc chairman  reprichmond    realdonaldtrump s  shithole  comments are further proof that his make america great again age…
rt  repbillfoster    realdonaldtrump has denied the science of climatechange and let  epascottpruitt gut environmental regulations  it s d…
it was great stopping by metagenics in gig harbor yesterday to talk to their employees about what s going on in our…
according to a  kaiserfamfound report  these plans are likely to exclude coverage for pre-existing conditions and n…
 repespaillat joins  vanessalgibson  nycddc  nyc_dot for the groundbreaking of the west tremont avenue step street…
as the senate begins an historic debate on immigration reform  we have the chance to define who we are as american…
rt  ttdaflcio  that feeling when the house of representatives overwhelmingly passes an  faa  bill that promotes safety and protects good job…
today is the 7th anniversary of the syrian civil war  and the international community has done nothing to stop the…
cohen vehemently denied ever being in prague  now we learned that he was lying  another item in the steele dossier…
  realdonaldtrump promised to drain the swamp  but all he s done is fertilized it with his own cabinet of corruption …
hats off to  bendiamondfl   before any changes are made to  gousfsp accreditation  the potential impact should be s…
though  speakerryan claims to be  clearly disturbed  by  stevekingia s latest diatribe  i can t help but wonder why ryan   
rt  maryland_first  lovely ladies in largo gear up for their tuesday/thursday canvassing for  brownformd &  vanhollenformd mddems
50 years ago today  president johnson signed the fair housing act  but african-americans and other people of color…
join me for the house small business committee hearing march 12 at 10am at the  jaxchamber  as we examine the chall…
on this historically significant day for sikhs  i m wishing our sikh american friends a happy vaisakhi 
rt  irsnews  urgent  irs provides an extra day for taxpayers to file  pay their taxes following system issues  file by midnight  april 18 
probably true these days 
the iran deal gave us an unprecedented opportunity to access iranian nuclear sites  as a result  we have the diplom…
taking responsibility for what facebook allowed to happen is just the first step  i want to hear how mark zuckerber…
rt  amheartadvocacy  throwback to yesterday we were literally  jumping  at the chance to talk about the importance of giving every child a…
reminder  i ll be hosting an interactive discussion this saturday with prominent women in our area  we ll be talkin…
rt  reptedlieu  power crises in puerto rico &  usvi  clearly demonstrates need to invest in electric infrastructure that is resilient & able…
according to news reports  a number of nations have sought to use their business relationship with him to assert le…
the trump administration s health care sabotage has consequences  we should be working to strengthen our health car…
thank you president glenn for putting so articulately what so many of us know so well  lawrence is a resilient city…
a huge thank you to dodger legends mickey hatcher and manny mota for greeting south bay fans riding the dodger stad…
as a member of the congressional autism caucus  i m committed to boosting awareness & research of autism spectrum d…
the trump administration should stop the delays and confusion and fulfill its promise to the american people 
in mass transit  safety should be the first priority  yet the trump budget cut  1 4 billion in grants for mass tran…
rt  cspanradio  5pmet live  washington today w/  repsarbanes on memo   steveliesman on stock market &  byamberphillips on congress and th…
this national police week  i want to thank all the law enforcement officials who dedicate their lives to the safety…
 bullets are not school supplies  march for our lives
just settled into the shelves  politicsprose in dc  and need a good home 
encouraged to see that the administration has dropped a demand that all vehicles made in canada and mexico for expo…
on holocaust rememberance day  we remember the victims of the holocaust and honor the survivors  we must rededicate…
the trump administration s anti-muslim rhetoric and policies have real consequences  most arab youth now view the u…
fact  you can travel while still saving  learn more  flm2018 
for generations  black women have been on the frontlines  from the civil rights movement to ferguson to the women s…
i am heartbroken by the loss of my colleague and dear friend congresswoman louise slaughter  her tenacity and charm…
i m excited to be joining 
rt  judithkohler    nepa  gives communities that are disproportionately affected by pollution  environmental hazards a voice   repbarragan…
if  potus cared about fiscal responsibility  he wouldn t have signed the g o p tax scam  now  tax breaks for the wealt…
at a minimum  we should be able to study gun violence to learn how we can better keep our families safe  4/
rt  deadline2020  n b c conthe hill meeting with  repdwightevans staffers to talk about breast cancer
thank you  senkamalaharris for joining me in the efforts   in diversity there is beauty and there is strength   -…
rt  nancypelosi  if you had told me a year ago that  speakerryan would still be refusing to stand up to  realdonaldtrump & protect the rule…
 otd  50 years ago  we lost civil rights champion dr  martin luther king  jr  due to gun violence and bigotry  let …
promesa será llevada a votación final  en la q necesitará 51 votos para ser aprobada y enviada al presidente obama para su firma 
my thoughts and prayers are with  senjohnmccain and his family during this difficult time 
this is something you d expect from  realdonaldtrump  not the speaker of the house  then again   speakerryan has a…
transparency = election integrity  disclosure required for radio  tv & print – social media shouldn t be exempt 
 trickle-down economics  has failed the american people time and time again  what makes republicans think the…
my colleague  repjohnlewis is right  instead of focusing on giving big corporations and the wealthy more than  2 tr…
listen to the story of shirley  a mother who is able to sleep well at night because her daughter sarah was finally…
president trump s infrastructure plan is weak  seriously  the  housedemocrats  plan includes five times the funding…
as of today  12 034 d r e a mers have lost their  daca  protections after trump ended the program on sept 5th  every da…
during today s hearing i asked ambassador lighthizer for clarity on the effects of the steel and aluminum tariffs o…
as ri high school graduation rates increase  english learners continue to lag behind  my reaching english learners…
is trump really lecturing us about etiquette  pipe down whcd
this morning i had the pleasure of sharing part of selma s history with  senkamalaharris at the selma interpretive…
a number of schools in palm beach county will be providing free meals today and tomorrow  more info here 
this week my colleagues and i introduced legislation to prevent coal companies from unfairly…
proud to stand with my extraordinary colleagues  repjeffries  repcicilline  repsarbanes  repjayapal calling for hou…
i ll be on  msnbc with  alexwitt in just a few minutes for a conversation on trump s withdrawal from the iran deal…
 there have been 63 school shootings since sandy hook and 11 since january  and it s only april   says…
rt  bnwaterkeeper  photo contest  send us your photos of the buffalo river by tagging us on social media with b n w buffalo river or by emaili…
watch now  my remarks opposing h r  2874  the 21st century flood reform act  which will drastically raise premiums…
rt  newsheraldmi    repdebdingell delivers valentine cards to local veterans
rt  hansilowang  doj says it needs 2020census citizenship q to better enforce voting rights act  but dem  repmaloney of ny says   it s abo…
rt  thebeatdc  congressman raja krishnamoorthi   congressmanraja  creates congressional solar caucus as part of his push to encourage renew…
happy cinco de mayo  today  we celebrate the great contributions mexican-americans have made to our country and hist…
rt  houseadm_dems    repspeier s me too congress has helped bring to light the need for congress to take immediate action in addressing se…
rt  buffaloclc  2018  wnyalf annual meeting with  nysaflcio president  mariocilento as guest speaker and a visit from  repbrianhiggins  cw…
proud to join my colleagues to say no to a dangerous gag rule that would keep patients from comprehensive care & th…
i thank everyone who took the time to attend one of my 2018 town forums  as we move forward this year  i would enco…
thank you to the seminole county pta for meeting with me today in orlando to discuss how we can work together to i…
the next nominee to be secretary of  deptvetaffairs must unequivocally oppose va privatization 
director mark ghilarducci at  cal_oes and fema regional administrator robert fenton did incredible work for our com…
struggling homeowners deserved government officials willing to do all they could to help homeowners recover 
i was thrilled join in the celebration of the port of stockton s 85th anniversary  throughout my time in congress …
hate is a four letter word  but sometimes it is spelled  sb4   protecting the d r e a mers who already contribute so mu…
dysfunction in the white house  stock market in free fall  clown prince of intelligence committee out of control  a…
rt  gooddayatlanta  right now  repdavidscott talks about his 15th annual jobs fair on  gooddayatlanta    sharonlfox5
ummm  no    it doesn t work like that  protect mueller investigation
rt  nancypelosi  who wants to tell him 
rt  nrdems  there are ~500 000 abandoned hardrock mines in the u s   with an estimated cleanup cost as high as  54b   repraulgrijalva and  …
spoke about religious freedom and racial equality at temple shalom s community forum for unity in aberdeen 
tonight   hiral4congress is closing the gap in  az08  -- a district that elected  realdonaldtrump by 21 points  rega…
on nov 10  1954  usmc 179th b-day   president eisenhower dedicates the usmc war memorial  iwo jima memorial  in arl…
  dennert crucial to invest in stem education so all students have education & skills needed to find jobs in those fields  ask julia  ca26 
yom hashoah  holocaust remembrance day  begins this evening  we remember the six million jewish lives lost during t…
looks like the american people are recognizing that the g o p tax scam was nothing more than a massive transfer of wea…
icymi in  mercedsunstar  yesterday s simultaneous blue moon  supermoon  & total lunar eclipse over our san joaquin…
  realdonaldtrump has stocked his administration with wealthy and well-connected insiders  the foxes are guarding t…
rt  housedemocrats  republicans and president trump can t seem to keep their hands off programs needed by working class families  is a hung…
thanks to everyone who came out to my listening session in chippewa falls this weekend  great meeting everyone 
do you know a motivated young student  high school/college  that would benefit from a summer organizing   
later this year  noah and a parent will fly to washington  dc to attend the opening of the  uscapitol exhibit featu…
how do we close the achievement gap and ensure more children in disadvantaged communities have access to quality pr…
tune in live right now to join my north korea digital roundtable 
in our letter   repjoseserrano   nitalowey & i explain that these programs provide individuals in detention with es…
thanks to all the brave men and women in uniform who truly live by the words  to protect and serve  and improve the…
all i have to say   jim_brunner  is science matters 
once again  the great dealmaker  has become the great deal breaker  abandoning his promises to america and…
last night we celebrated president ulysses s  grant s 196th birthday with the  ilstatesociety  his former home and…
rt  uf  ♥️ together u f
 if the justices decide to read into trump s past statements and use them against him  given his prolific caustic r…
this latest data from  iteptweets shows the  gop  tax scam for what it really is  a massive tax cut for the wealthy…
 nyhomeless  repjeffries  repespaillat  cmreynoso34  tishjames  hudgov  csswg  thenyhc  legalaidnyc  maketheroadny…
neighborworks helps working rhode islanders afford a home  glad to support this investment in the people of woonsoc…
pleased to announce the promotion of several staff members of the dc office who have ties to northwest indiana …
trump s great wall is a wall of debt   mynews13 so t u
ours is a beautiful country - many thanks to the wilderness act which protects our natural treasures keep it wild
2/  housegop and  senategop replied   okay  we ll pass the g o p tax scam  but only because we really  really need you…
yesterday evening  i was recognized and presented a proclamation by the board of directors of affordable homes of   
rt  coconinonf  the forest will be dry again this weekend  remember stage ii fire restrictions are in place today at 8 a m  no campfires  f…
due process  central park five wrongly convicted/imprisoned for crime they didn t commit  you led the lynch mob
  senduckworth has broken yet another barrier  this time with a baby in her arms  go tammy 
controlling pet coke is another step towards environmental justice —miles to go before we are there 
 elizadewey info anthonybrown com
rt  repbeatty  i bet  realdonaldtrump and his buddies are happy it s tax day 
50 years after his death we continue to march in honor of dr  martin luther king jr  and the justice he so deeply b…
reminder  one day left get covered  head over to and sign up for affordable coverage before…
rt  teamrubicon    repjimmcdermott  uscapitol thank you for inviting us and taking part in an important conversation  it was an honor 
san bernardino county residents  looking for the nearest sandbag distribution centers  make sure to call ahead to c…
every day  &gt 820 women in developing countries die due to childbirth-related complications  including…
thank you to everyone who attended tonight s community meeting in belle glade  and to  jaxstrong &  pbcdem for prov…
rt  davidwright_cnn  rep  carolyn maloney  d-ny  asked director mick mulvaney at a hearing to explain how many enforcement actions the cfpb…
 amberpharmacy it was wonderful meeting you all as well 
preparing for the state of the union address tonight  sotu 
yesterday  i met with  latamgoesglobal high-level working group on inter-american relations and bipartisanship to d…
icymi  on friday  i joined local leaders in calling attention to the excessive and seemingly indiscriminate ice rai…
thank you james shaw jr for your courage  bravery and truly heroic actions that saved lives 
live now  i m joined by  mboteach from  amprog to discuss president trump s fy2019 budget 
rt  aarpny  thank you  repeliotengel for cosponsoring raise family caregivers act  now law 
50 years ago  martin luther king jr  spoke of the mountain top in his last speech before he was assassinated  may w…
thank you to members of the  njspba--including police officers from sussex  warren  and passaic county--for joining…
calling all artists  we re kicking off the 2018 congressional art competition  high school students can submit entri…
rt  officialcbc  cbc to libyan ambassador  we must work together to stop this despicable slave trade  everyone – the us  the un  the eu  an…
happy mother s day  i hope you can enjoy a peaceful and relaxing day  mothersday2018
joining  alexwitt to discuss comey memos  trump-north korea  and pompeo confirmation 
i was honored to give greetings tonight at the st  paul s church 15th annual historic dinner in mount vernon  congr…
thoughts and prayers are with those affected by tonight s train derailment in port richmond  thanks to our hospitals and first responders 
rt  sparkfoundation  happy teacher appreciation day  thank a teacher  pwcsnews
happy easter  arizona 
rt  mdconsumers  we had the opportunity to meet with  repraskin and thank him for all his hard work to help consumers in maryland and beyon…
happy birthday to my new jersey colleague 
to all who are celebrating the beginning of passover this evening  chag pesach sameach  wishing you and your family…
the administration can keep trying to revise it  but trump s travel ban is cruel at its core  minor changes can t erase the bigotry 
rt  natresources  today   natresources passed h r  4731 by  staceyplaskett to help rebuild the u s  virgin islands  economy  usvi  release…
what an enjoyable afternoon i had at the  nblsa convention s sister to sister session here in brooklyn  why is sist…
punishing parents who are trying to save their children s lives  and punishing children for being brought to safety…
our 1st campaign ad is now live   ca26  team julia julia brownley ventura county ventura county congresswoman
a year ago  speaker ryan  house gop &  realdonaldtrump gleefully celebrated taking health care away from 23 million…
rt  housejuddems  🚨 breaking    repjerrynadler statement on  thejusticedept inspector general report on former  fbi deputy director andrew m…
as we enter an historic week commemorating 50years since martin luther king s last visit to memphis a moving tribut…
thanks everyone for a great discussion today at our teach-in on the g o p tax scam 
 housegop    adopt legislation designed to actually make americans safer from gun violence  congress must act  and it must do so before   
no one should face discrimination or harassment for who they are  too many  lgbt  students are vulnerable every day …
congrats to  clearwaterfla on being named  tripadvisor best beach in the nation– and 7th in the world 
rt  brianspyros   rosadelauro talks with students at hamden high school about gun violence to get their thoughts   wtnh
wishing a very happy passover to everyone celebrating in illinois and across the country 
yesterday  i joined  hurdonthehill to discuss our bipartisan legislation to protect dreamers  it s time to put the…
rt  pensionimposble  meeting with  repraskin staff  will  and  aarpmd on key issues affecting 114k marylanders  and their families   who ar…
the policy announced today is a sad & shameful attack on the most vulnerable among us  by paving the way for indian…
still more evidence of epa administrator pruitt s true priorities  his tax-payer funded  listening tour  last year…
a member of my staff is on the ground in marion co to survey some of the damage from last night s storm  hope ever…
co-introduced the hardest hit housing act of 2018 w/  repyvetteclarke  repjoseserrano  repjoecrowley and…
america needs to engage in the world  not withdraw & undermine our credibility  iran deal
today on international womens day  let s stand in solidarity with women who have shaped history in the us and worldw…
rt  tictoc  in a  united message to president trump   house judiciary committee ranking member jerry nadler says  do not meddle with the sp…
today i sent a bicameral letter w/ 4 senators & 54 of my colleagues in the house to  ustreasury urging secretary m…
rt  ncago    joshstein_ joined  repdavideprice and  fcc commissioner rosenworcel today to discuss net neutrality to see this a m  s convers…
mothers are breadwinners in half of families with children under 18  that s why moms need the f a m i l y act—so that ha…
today  we honor the six million jews and millions of others who were killed during the holocaust  we will…
read my statement from earlier tonight on the resignation of eric schneiderman 
what a week for nd sports 
while i m pleased to report that my district is one of just 13 nationwide that has payequity  we have more work to…
rt  housebudgetdems  starting soon  ranking member  repjohnyarmuth joins  nancypelosi and others to discuss how the gop s constitutional am…
happening now   housedemocrats weekly press conference  👉
our new england delegation has collected enough national delicacies the past few years  felt good to finally share…
we re live talking about national park week and the importance of parks in our economy  you can watch here 👉🏻
today is the last day to get covered  visit or call 1-800-318-2596 to sign up 
congrats to the patriots  the 12 s know the  seahawks will be back 
rt  insidecityhall  coming up at 7 on  ny1   cbrangel joins  errollouis to talk about the race for president  trump s taxes & his final mon…
 tps  holders are legal immigrants  thoroughly vetted by the government  who have contributed to our communities and…
this week marks the 1 year anniversary of the appointment of special counsel mueller  since then there have been 22…
rt  repeliotengel  i m disappointed  secazar would not commit to me or  repjoekennedy that he ll oppose lifetime limits on medicaid covera…
eight years ago today we passed the affordable care act  helping 900 000 in ohio get health insurance and millions…
special thanks to the nevada hospital association for stopping by my office today  i will continue fighting to prot…
today  our bill with  repandybiggsaz to expand the amber alert system into tribal communities was signed into law …
according to a recently released  oia report  vermont s outdoor recreation economy generates  5 5 billion annually…
video  sec  perry refuses to walk back administration s attack on iowa jobs
following a two week work period in contra costa where we talked with constituents about a variety of issues from t…
rt  bpc_bipartisan  it was a privilege to coordinate another american congressional exchange visit w/  repbrochester  rodneydavis in delawa…
we remember and honor the 1 5 million innocent  men  women  and children of the armenian genocide  i stand with arm…
icymi - now longtime trump crony  steven bannon  is trying to interfere with the mueller investigation  advocating…
by withdrawing from the iran deal  the white house is sending a message to the world that america s word can t be t…
 realdonaldtrump shrinking the bears ears national monument to expand mining and opening up the arctic refuge for o…
congrats to  duxathletics  fhsclippers  hanoverhsma  mashpeeathletic on your  miaa033 super bowl wins at  gillettestadium today 
talking with  nafb this am about our nation s anti-hunger programs & the farm bill 
from our classrooms to our neighborhoods  we need to create safe spaces for our students and communities to grow and thrive 
the primary responsibility of the cfpb is to protect american consumers from big banks and other financial companie…
rt  dberrygannett     benniegthompson said he and some other  officialcbc members will attend the sotu to  show our respect for the office…
this month  and every month  we honor and thank the brave men and women who have dedicated their lives to protectin…
the trump administration is more worried about protecting fraudulent student loan companies than students themselve…
we must continue to stand with allies like france and hold iran accountable under the framework of the iran deal  t…
right now  speaking at an important veterans affairs hearing focused on protecting veterans from predatory home loa…
congratulations  nistcyber on the release of cyberframework v 1 1  the cyber threat landscape is always changing …
second  leading a coalition of 16 ags  we are calling on the trump administration to respect the  cfpb s investiga…
next wk   realdonaldtrump plans to make a speech about rx drug costs  i ve been working on this issue for nearly tw…
trump and his legal team  headed by rudy giuliani / giuliani  to borrow from jimmy breslin is  the gang that coul…
every survivor of sexual violence has the right the be believed and supported  no more shattering the silence
freshman  reptomgarrett has introduced only 14 bills  one would wipe out dc s gun laws  including its bans on guns…
today  the president has done nothing more than undermine our nation s credibility & put iran that much closer to g…
jack  jackie  roosevelt robinson was born in 1919 in cairo  georgia  he was the 1st african-american to play major…
wishing a happy hanukkah to all those celebrating in  ny04  & around the world 
rt  kschwalb1  thank you  repkihuen for visiting  trsa member brady linen 
so much of what i hear from people in coffee shops  on factory floors  and at their doorsteps is that their lives a…
this week i was pleased to welcome rochester s own precision optics to capitol hill  i m glad to see rochester co…
rt  blkwomenshealth  rt if you agree with  reprobinkelly  dont touch my care
as the co-chair of the unitedfor climate & environmental justice task force  i urge  realdonaldtrump and…
providing bottled water until all the lead pipes are replaced is just one form of justice for flint families  i di…
i join new yorkers in grieving the innocent lives lost in today s heinous attack  thank you to law enforcement & first responders on scene 
donald trump gave white supremacists a voice  we knew they were there before - now we are seeing them for who they are & like never before 
food insecurity is highest among families with children  seniors  and individuals with disabilities   snap  is our c…
on average  women are paid just 80 cents for every  1 paid to male counterparts  for women of color  the wagegap i…
team peters updated  sdchamber s defense  veterans & military affairs committee on the spending bill we helped pass…
rt  centralhudson  wednesday morning update - repairs  damage assessment continue in wake of damaging storm     htt…
rt  fscdems  tune in  the subcommittee on housing and insurance is holding a hearing entitled  housing choice voucher program  an oversight…
as an island state  hawaii is uniquely reliant on air travel  air transportation is an essential lifeline for peopl…
i think i look better in maroon and gold  thank you very much  we ll get  em next year   ramblersmbb 
i m so saddened by the horrific tragedy that occurred at the yountville veterans home yesterday  my heart goes out…
i will be voting no on h r  2  the agriculture and nutrition act  because it fails to meet our commitments to rural…
whether it s his failure to address russian election interference  his massive tax handouts to corporations & billi…
today is transgender day of visibility  all transgender people--our friends and neighbors-- have a right to be seen…
el número de asesinatos en pr se ha reducido por la mitad entre el 2011 y 2015 
like any large organization  the va needs stability and continuity in leadership to succeed  the trump administrati…
the deal has  and will continue to  prevent iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon  and has subjected iran to unprece…
great artwork coming in from local high school students for the congressional art competition including these piece…
rt  repsandylevin  families have a lot on the line with  speakerryan s g o p tax scam  according to  nytimes millions of middle class families…
they sought to harness americans  very real frustrations and anger over sensitive political matters to influence ou…
today at 1 30 p m   i m hosting a town hall for constituents on social security with  repjohnlarson in redwood city…
this billionaires first tax plan will do nothing to help middle & low-income families in louisiana  this is why i will continue 2 speak out 
rt  getuscovered  last chance to get help  today  we re helping people get covered in 8 states  sc  nc  va  nv  ga  fl  and tn  find an ev…
appreciate the opportunity to recently meet with employees and tour the training facility of korellis roofing in ha…
republicans have decided to throw the american dream under the omnibus by refusing to give us a vote on a permanent…
 i only have 23-25 mins with a child  but  what are we doing to affect their health for those other 23 hours and 15…
it was an honor to escort french president  emmanuelmacron to the house floor today for his address to a joint sess…
today is international holocaust memorial day  we honor the memory of 6 million jews & millions others who were brut…
  realdonaldtrump said the g o p tax bill =  rocket fuel  for economy  not many american workers agree  what increase 
this young knight represented  hcpsrobinsonhs with such honor  young artists like this make my art competition one…
the  greaterprovymca is a great resource for rhode islanders  and tonight i m pleased to celebrate and honor the ha…
rt  janschakowsky  this mothers day  we must recommit to opposing divisive trump administration policies that seek to rip families apart  …
klan cross burnings local murder of goodman schwerner chaney local swastika s painted on synagogues  local lynching…
14 years ago today  our state and nation lost a hero  pat tillman s legacy of service  passion and integrity contin…
never in a million years did i imagine i would develop feelings of sympathy for jeff sessions        
i have a longer oped on the kelly comments and this topic  but what strikes me the most about what he said is his r…
fact  many people who signed up to get covered for 2017 only paid  50- 100/month in premiums …
good to see  nygovcuomo restore voting rights for former inmates  my legislation to modernize voting in the us woul…
i chose to ask mr  zuckerberg this morning about the general data protection regulation  gdpr  that goes into effec…
this harrowing account from one of the er surgeons during the parkland shooting explains what happens to the human…
bipartisan and bicameral  h r 4140 prevents the expenditure of funds for any kind of first strike against north korea 
 housejuddems   repjohnconyers  in swift fashion   realdonaldtrump abandoned america s bipartisan leadership in this arena 
fact  60% of americans oppose building  realdonaldtrump s border wall  he should listen  walls dont work
it s been no secret that the f-35 has been plagued with problems  classifying them isn t going to change anything 
i am pleased that father conroy will remain as house chaplain  we must work to keep the chaplain s office out of th…
shout out to arlington school district and collin nelson  a career and technical education teacher  who pushes stud…
we have many federal programs that assist our neediest communities like tanf  head start and the national school lunch program  1/3 
congratulations to becky jorgeson from santa margarita for winning the 2018 congressional woman of the year award …
trump once again refuses to treat immigrants  with heart  in this latest decision  the lives of 9000 nepalese are b…
always divide your money into thirds  1/3 spending  saving & investing   flm2018  tip of the day
deeply saddened that  potus is working to erase two of our most important national treasures  bears ears and grand…
even defense secretary mattis urged president trump to seek congressional approval before the recent strikes in syr…
incredible insights from the panel of scholars and very good questions from the audience on north korea  thank you…
as we work to support sexual assault survivors  i ll keep fighting to pass my safe act to provide survivors with im…
my thoughts are w/the students  faculty & families affected by the shooting at great mills high  my gratitude is wi…
to kick off small business week  i toured a few of the many small businesses that fuel vermont s economy  at…
it s 2018  it s time we focus on ending pay inequality & making sure all women have the opportunity to succeed in t…
this is another bill republicans have tried get through congress without any professional insight  today  i am join…
rt  cmk256  i am a huge fan of castor s questions here   you re collecting data outside of facebook   when someone visits a website with a…
rt  legalaidnyc    dhsgov announced over the weekend that the federal government will process  daca  renewal applications again  we made a q…
yesterday   repsires and i wrote to  govmurphy   urging him to replace outdated pre-2007 diesel trucks at the port…
too often unused medications left in cabinets or drawers can be misused by children or family members  we must make…
i will join  nancypelosi and other colleagues at 10 30 am today to discuss the president s reckless iran deal decis…
rt  housedemocrats  four years later  the flint water crisis is not over  flint families and children still need our support  rt to say   d… 
join my tele-town hall may 22  2018  i want to talk with you  rsvp now 
our national security was weakened tonight as a result of the action of the republican members of the the house intelligence committee 
the tragic mass shooting in nashville is yet another painful reminder of our need to pass common-sense gun safety l…
the gop tax bill shouldn t be measured as great for republicans or democrats  but for america  it isn t 
a5  instead of leading on this issue  the president is essentially ceding our leadership role in combating one of t…
great event  mohai w wa state jewish historical society celebrating new exhibit on the history of wa jewish merchants
our panelists at the m v teen summit  thanks to our mc  mr  hill for leading the discussion 
scott pruitt  job creator 
rt  energycommerce  the american people have lost faith in the epa as polluting pruitt s lies and conflicts of interest continue to snowbal…
   debt relief to the citizens of puerto rico by forgiving certain flood insurance obligations and loans owed by the commonwealth 
may is lyme disease awareness month  as you venture outdoors  remember this helpful checklist to prevent tick-borne…
at a hearing today  i questioned us census bureau head ron jarmin about the impacts of adding a citizenship questi…
 knifervrcorp s in salem has an incredible operation distributing the materials for oregon s infrastructure project…
time is running out  today is the last day you can sign up to get health insurance  head over to…
i sit on the house appropriations committee and for the record  we did not authorize  31 000 of taxpayer money for…
it was an honor to recognize arien w/ a congressional victims  rights caucus award  she makes a real difference in…
no more delaying  no more inaction  give us a vote  go nancy go protect d r e a mers
  realdonaldtrump s tweets are beneath the dignity of the office  it s time for fewer offensive tweets and more action on our economy & jobs
you look darn good  happy birthday   durhamnc   nc01 
my heart goes out to the victims and their families after the horrific news out of florida today  thoughts and pray…
rt  washingtonpost  how recy taylor s brutal rape has become a symbol of me too and times up
further military action in syria must be authorized by congress and also be accompanied by diplomatic and humanita…
enjoyed time meeting w/ major general randy taylor and his husband  lucas  this morning  usagapg we discussed futur…
rt  aarpor  thank you for joining the a c t caucus  repbonamici and for meeting with us this morning for the  aarp2018  lobby day 
rt  repjimmypanetta  yesterday marked 100 days since congress failed to renew  chip  funding  half of the children living on the central coa…
  realdonaldtrump just admitted he lied about paying off stormy daniels  rather than apologizing  he tried to jus…
womens history month martha mcwhirter opened her home to women who suffered from domestic abuse and needed a safe ha…
today  the congress took an important first step - democrats & republicans together - to support survivors of sexua…
what can each of us do in this important moment   our work on nov 7 is the same as it is today  tomorrow & day after  to organize & educate 
rt  senblumenthal  white house failure to apologize for sadler remarks is despicable  haspel should publicly disavow too—a test of her char…
enjoyed speaking with jayanti addleman  director at the monterey county free libraries  and librarian bradley mccul…
make sure to take advantage of this credit as well as all other tax credits and deductibles available to you  learn…
today in 1964 the food stamp act became law because being able to feed one s families is an american value  we must protect this program 
even with thousands of flint families still lacking access to clean water  michigan s governor cruelly ended a vi…
i will be hosting a townhall meeting on april 23  from 6 p m  to 8 p m  at the scituate senior center  i hope you…
i am saddened by the passing of  louiseslaughter - a champion on the house rules committee and a tireless advocate…
trump budget plays favorites with the education budget  decreasing dept  of education by  3 6 billion  but institut…
today is tax day  and here s the truth  the g o p tax scam puts corporations and the richest ahead of everyone else 
every student  including those with disabilities  deserves access to a high-quality education free from racial disc…
i guess trump trusts terrorists not to lie about their feelings for america when  extremely vetted 
3/ i am proud that my bill  the healthy start reauthorization act  supports this life-saving work 
rt  houseagdems  house republicans will tell you a lot about their farm bill  here are some things to keep in mind 
 realdonaldtrump and your colleagues are minimizing the urgency of passing a dream act  every day 122 d r e a mers lose legal status   sotu 
congress has to fund the government by the end of the week  and once again  gop leadership has left us totally in t…
rt  replawrence  it was such a pleasure to celebrate the great legacy of  cbrangel w/ my colleagues hosted by south korean ambassador ho-yo…
i want to vote for a farm bill that unites dems & republicans  supports both urban & rural communities  benefits fa…
i m joining  reprobinkelly for a roundtable on how congress can invest in america s citiesand towns  watch the disc…
student debt is crippling the u s  economy  44 million americans have now accrued  1 4 trillion in student debt  do…
rt  nvar  rep   gerryconnolly speaks and answers questions with nvar members and leaders at the nv/rpac major investor breakfast  realtor…
it s imperative that we invest in affordable homes so those hardworking families across the country can climb the e…
¡sólo quedan cinco días  asegúrate visitando adquiere o cambia tu plan de seguro médico a…
rep  richmond announces more than  4 5 million in fema grants for the ebr school board and police department  la02 
  repkclark  tombrady-whatever the weight of the football-throwing on  rsherman_25 = s bad idea go  seahawks we are12
this is a major victory and another step toward justice for lgbt employees  two federal courts have now found that…
republicans are attacking the social safety net by attempting to disrupt aid to millions of americans  we must figh…
i promise to fight for vc to create jobs  expand middle class  improve education  and protect ss and medicare   ca26 
thinking about going on a summer road trip  check out the great river road  stretching over 3 000 miles&10 states at
instead of supporting programs that create jobs & grow our rural wi economy the trump budget guts key programs 
congratulations to team 2 for winning dellpolicyhack  great job to all the teams who presented today …
proud to introduce fair fees amendment to f a a  americans too often faced w/absurd fees in airtravel--penalties for…
thank you all those who serve and defend liberty s cause  military appreciation month
rt  seec  the water resources development act presents an opportunity to build sustainable infrastructure  today  seec called on infrastruc…
have unused or expired prescriptions in your medicine cabinet  you don t want a friend or family member to stumble…
maine south high school s constitution team came to washington for the national we the people constitution team cha…
i had the privilege of hosting a panel discussion with the spann brothers who all served during the vietnam war thi…
the mission of earth day is to fight for environmental protections and preserve the progress we ve made thus far  o…
proud to accept  nfudc s golden triangle award  will continue to advocate on behalf of family farms and rural commu…
we cannot guarantee our children s safety or our communities  security when ar-15s can be legally purchased in a pa…
congrats to all award recipients at this week s  sba_nevada expo and awards luncheon  this is a great opportunity f…
on world press freedom day  we celebrate the first amendment and freedom of the press  let us also honor the journali…
rt  seia  thank you  repjackyrosen   repsanfordsc   rephuffman   repralphnorman &  steveknight25 for fighting to protect american solar wo…
rt  mayorbriley  we have three transit talks coming up that are focused on workforce opportunities and minority business development  join…
joined illinois democrats in calling on governor rauner to work with us to lower healthcare costs & expand access…
great to talk about the importance of smart regulations with members of the new jersey  namic 
 150 million investment in workforce development by  mcdonaldscorp is a great example of how businesses can give ba…
thank you   capac  for inviting me to this year s gala for  apahm   nevada is home to one of the fastest-growing…
after passing a trillion-dollar tax scam  republicans now say we must slash  15b from children s health insurance …
live now  join me for a conversation with  sierraclub climate policy director liz perera  we ll be discussing the m…
    commit to the diplomatic path advocated by both american experts and the south korean government 
as the 2nd largest market for a nearly  10 billion illegal trade in endangered wildlife products  we have an obliga…
this decision is a step in the right direction toward gunsafety-  ty   massago for your leadership 
rt  hispaniccaucus  fact check  trump killed  daca  & he is responsible for killing the senate s bipartisan efforts to protect dreamers  hi…
join  repwalberg and me on friday  may 4 for a veterans resource fair  nearly 20 veterans service organizations wil…
amazon broke ground on a new facility in salem  great to see the foundation laid & look forward to the jobs it will…
 lnordstrom123  redtraccoon currently only 8 states require holocaust education and 12 states recommend it  this bi…
last week the trump budget revealed plans to sharply cut snap  which helps  38 981 children  seniors  people with d…
thank you to all our veterans  i hope everyone will take time to reflect upon the sacrifices veterans have made on…
today i met with  acdcnv &  aaaj_aajc to discuss leaving the citizenship question off of the 2020 census the…
6 months after maria we demand that  fema & the administration stop treating puerto ricans like second class citizens…
 realdonaldtrump and how about high capacity magazines and assault-style rifles 
we should never respond to the president s hatred and bigotry with silence  it s a good thing the haitian community…
meeks responds to the treasury department community reinvestment act reform recommendations
congratulations to  drgoffney on being named the new superintendent of  aldineisd  welcome to the 18th congressiona…
we shouldn t keep going down this road – health care isn t about politics  it s about people s lives …
 danskipper70 🤔
we ve seen this before    work requirements are ineffective  unnecessary & do nothing more than create yet another…
congress should strengthen pell grants so fewer students are reliant on loans  unfortunately  the trump budget cuts…
rt  norml  thank you  repdarrensoto for your leadership  others can message their federal officials to join you on the ending federal marij…
mr  president  if you re serious about finding a solution for these young people  then you ll join us in supporting…
rt  officialcbc   i marvel at some of my colleagues who probably couldn t hit anything with a gun but they want to stand up and defend peop…
 senkamalaharris  senfeinstein  repzoelofgren & i sent a letter to  realdonaldtrump demanding he stop disrespecting…
rt  shawn_devries  thanks to  repallawsonjr for taking the time today to meet with us and your continued support of nothing but nets   nbn… 
americans should be respected for the contributions you make to our community  not just the degree you have hanging…
this week in congress  we will vote on the farmbill2018  but this year s partisan bill proposes  23 3 billion in c…
rt  myforefront  our democracy initiative director was in dc today for announcement of help students vote act which aims to ensure institut…
19 yrs ago  13 were killed and 23 were injured in the columbine school shooting  yet b/c of inaction 122 others hav…
rt  fpizarro_dc  demócratas hispanos del  hispaniccaucus se quejan con departamento de  commercegov oponiéndose a que se pregunte por ciuda…
no matter what 45 says  rosenstein  the acting us attorney in manhattan  and a federal judge would not have agreed…
rt  dnajera15   benniegthompson celebrating 50th anniversary of mlk jr s poor people s campaign  marks mule train marks  ms to washington d…
rt  txdps  harvey to impact tx over the next few days  texans urged to monitor closely via  nws & local weather  more tips 
rt  cerlasd  cerritos sheriff s station had the pleasure of meeting with irma gorrocino caseworker/field representative for rep linda t  sa…
one in three americans is at risk for developing type2diabetes  chances are  someone you love is at risk  share th…
here s the truth   housegop 2018 farm bill cuts over  20 billion in food aid to america s poorest families  it hurts…
i will continue speaking out to urge  speakerryan to allow us to vote on meaningful legislation to end gun violence …

rt  oversightdems  republicans on the house oversight committee have not issued a single subpoena to anyone during the entire trump admin—n…
i want to keep the government for everyone  you can view my comments on neglected republican priorities here 
the g o p tax bill added  1 9 trillion to the debt  now   housegop wants to use medicare  medicaid & social security funds to cover the gap 
disgusting and inexcusable  the president s racist comments have no place in america let alone in the white house …
   soldiers  medical students  and teachers  it also provides for common sense border security improvements  if s…
san diego is home to thousands of refugees  many of whom suffered torture  programs to help torture survivors overc…
these add-ons are critical to the communities in  cd1  and all across massachusetts  i am proud to be a supporter 
to all of our sikh american friends  i am wishing you a happy vaisakhi 
this agent orange situation is really getting old  putin is a stone-cold enemy  why does 45 keep playing footsie wi…
a mind to work  
happy passover 
  judywoodruff   jerrybrowngov  looking forward to talking soon  california sessions immigration
we all know the value of making investments in our infrastructure systems  it s an investment in safety  jobs  and…
click here to read my op-ed in the state 
congratulations to my former house colleague and champion for working families in the senate   senduckworth  on her…
the moment is long overdue for el salvador  the dominican republic and nations around the world to end their total…
for more on our new  mercedcounty behavioral health & recovery services center via  mercedsunstar …
polluting pruitt has proposed drastic budget cuts to  epa programs that protect americans  health – all while wasti…
happy to endorse my friend  timtoomey1 for re-election mapoli
one of my former outstanding district staffers just left our office to serve in  peacecorps  i salute him & all our…
 senatedems filed a petition to force a vote on  senmarkey s resolution protecting net neutrality rules  sjres 52  …
democrats are offering americans a better deal  on the make it in america listening tour  i ve heard americans say  ec…
wishing our sikh american neighbors  classmates & colleagues a happy vaisakhi 
rt  cspanwj  thank you for joining us  full segment here 
rt  repdebdingell  we were sent here to govern  not fund the government from month to month or careen from one crisis to the next  we need…
rt  ngeiling  rep  tonko starts his questioning  goes straight to ethical questions  raises for political aides    those were delegated   …
i m joining the march for science today to stand with nevadans who believe that science should inform policy  and no…
this is an incredible song in support of the march for our lives  and if you haven t listened to it yet  you should 
i will continue working my heart out to represent you in washington youdeserveit
rt  nbclatino    reppeteaguilar   every day congress fails to pass a solution that protects d r e a mers  and people like leti are forced to l…
see you all in aabout 30 minutes on cnn  trump russia giuliani
rt  unitedwedream  🔴 live now   repgutierrez   repraulgrijalva &  unitedwedream demand congress passed stand alone d r e a m act now   
barbara bush was an american original  never afraid to share her thoughts  her memorable wit  or her enormous kindn…
smh  another select panel  another waste of taxpayers     housegop has spent  1 5m  attacking life-saving med research  disbandthe panel
thankful for all the hard work  collaboration  and commitment to ensuring there is diversity in medical research an…
rt  abc  just in  robert mueller has indicated to pres  trump s lawyers that the special counsel s office will seek answers directly from t…
what is the double up food bucks program  a program that makes healthy food affordable by offering 2 for 1 deals when…
rt  idemnews  special thanks to  repvisclosky for his support of this project and sharing his message with us this morning 
rt  repdankildee  four years later  flint families are still recovering from the water crisis and having to use filters & bottled water  in…
 potus s transgender ban is an attack on lgbt rights  arbitrarily discharging troops solely because of their gender is an act of hate   2/2 
i just voted for the last time as a congressman and will proudly wear my sticker  election day get outand vote…
tune in as i join  nancypelosi to talk about the efforts on russia 
2 403 american men & women lost their lives in the attack on pearl harbor 75 years ago today  let us honor their sa…
rt  mclyburnfcc  text of  ajitpaifcc s proposal to dismantle netneutrality has been released  it s worse than one could imagine  confused…
 kisselap it s thanks   
we must pass a clean dream act now that will recognize dreamers  like diana  across the country as equal members of…
additionally  the bill cuts conservation programs by more than  800 million  abandons bio-energy and energy-efficie…
rt  aflaumnb  gallery   repjoecourtney host special event to thank  tvcca  volunteers volnteers
congrats to the new ceo of  mnhs  kent whitworth  kent s devotion to sharing stories that highlight our vibrant and…
on this day we remember and honor the men and women who were aboard the u s s  arizona at pearl harbor …
today marks 6 months since president trump heartlessly ended  daca   since then he has refused to accept multiple bi…
yesterday i met with troops at  mciwpendletonca & looked at upgraded amphibious assault vehicles 
g o ptaxbill  •massive tax cuts for millionaires •massive tax cuts for corporations •tax increases for many in middl…
republicans in the white house and congress are engaged in a massive a c a sabotage effort that will drive up your   
several people have already pleaded guilty  and even president trump s campaign chair has been indicted on 32 count…
we will be vigilant in monitoring how  potus handles this and whether or not it has the desired impact of helping t…
adding a citizenship question to the 2020 census will discourage participation & promote fear in immigrant communit…
rt  energycommerce  live  energy & commerce democrats are pushing to boot pruitt ahead of his congressional testimony today 
rt  officialcbc    dgleick
to our d r e a mers  thank you for sharing your stories  please know that i stand w/ you   fresno_state stands w/ you …
ai caucus co-chairs  facebook should clarify plans to use ai  address bias and privacy concerns  ai 
 dyk    sbagov has resources for women  minority  veteran and young entreprenuers  across all 50 states  sba is dedi…
thanks to  repcurbelo for co-sponsoring the dream act  i m proud to lead this bill to protect dreamers with rep …
let this be a reminder that using our health care system as a political hostage is not harmless  there are 27 milli…
thank you to everyone who came to my beaverton and portland town hall meetings  where several people asked about gu…
my thoughts & prayers are with my colleague  stevescalise  capitol police officers  & the staff members affected by this morning s shooting 
rt  ac360   it s a very strange look for the president s personal lawyer… it sure looks mighty fishy  frmr us attorney  preetbharara on rep…
let s go blue  final four
💔
this situation endangers our national security  it s time for jared kushner to go 
welcome to the nation s capital our 2018  cherryblossfest princess abeeha shamshad of ohio   oh 
rt  repbarbaralee  by illegally bombing syria  president trump has once again denied the american people any oversight or accountability in…
as we mark lunar new year  i m proud to call one of the largest  most diverse  asian-pacific american communities in…
heard from  hudgov acting asst  secretary  dominque blom  at today s thud subcommittee hearing about the future of…
had a great meeting with representatives from new mexico s vfw  our state has a long tradition of serving our natio…
rt  waysmeanscmte  ranking member  reprichardneal statement on president trump s signing of section 301 trade action with china 
yesterday  i had an opportunity to talk with the  delaware_ddc about legislation & policies that affect delawareans…
disappointed the senate confirmed mike pompeo to serve as secretary of state  as i have said before  his record giv…
i stand with those braving the cold outside the fcc tonight in support of net neutrality  we must show chairman pai…
3   in light of the testimony of cambridge analytica whistleblower christopher wylie in our investigation this week…
g o p tax scam is a huge giveaway to the 1%  added  1 5 trillion to the national debt  the haves will have more and e…
rt  splinter_news  after 2017 s las vegas massacre   repjoekennedy demanded his colleagues do something  it s 2018 now  and we re reminded…
the va medicinal cannabis research act of 2018 is a pragmatic & bipartisan piece of legislation that will help imp…
again and again  the trump administration has let president putin off the hook for his attack on american democracy…
rt  hispaniccaucus  this ill-advised  public charge  proposal is intended to discourage hardworking people from seeking legal status and de…
ramadan mubarak  i m wishing for peace and joy to the muslim community in  ca17  and beyond during this holy month 
day 30 of womens history month -  speakerryan  what exactly has congress accomplished during this month to prevent w…
california  with its large immigrant communities  would be disproportionately harmed by depressed participation i…
rep  cicilline joins  senwhitehouse  rep   jimlangevin &  risecstate to announce  3 million in federal funds for rh…
shame on  potus for banning transgender individuals from serving in our military and protecting our freedom 
previous shutdowns have proven to be bad for the country  bad for the economy and bad for people that depend upon g…
note  when taxpayers weren t paying for his tickets  he flew coach 
thanks  general dunford  and god bless all our wounded warriors and us paralympians  you inspire us and make us so…
human trafficking is a very real & dire atrocity  here is a piece i co-authored w/  judgetedpoe  as victims  rights…
rt  holtschool  thank you for such an inspiring  heartfelt speech  we can tell you these graduates do see a little of themselves in you 😉 h…
starting soon  senator galgiani and controller yee will join me to announce new legislation to combat wage theft  t…
congratulations to anna and kate sawyer on their decision to attend military service academies following graduating…
mom turned 85 this week   former gang members reunite to celebrate ceasefire that ended gang wars 40 years ago
team kihuen hiked gold butte yesterday with  hispanicaccess  goldbutte and centro de adoracion familiar  our office…
i had the honor of meeting with members of the  uaw from puerto rico regarding the many challenges that pr still fa…
march is women history month  a time to recognize and celebrate the contributions women have made to our country  wo…
we all deserve to go home  to the movies  to the mall  and to church and anywhere else without worry will we get sh…
african americans account for 44% of all new  hiv  infections each year but comprise just 12% of the u s  population…
the trump budget is such a joke it s barely worth commenting on  it cuts social security to pay for the border wall…
crown jewel of california national parks   yosemitenps  has over  555 million in backlogged maintenance needs  & n…
in response to the immediate impact of pres  trump s eo  contact my office if you or your family need assistance 
delta jewel  mrs  lillie m  roberts of coffeeville  mississippi made history when she became the first african-amer…
congrats to teacherofthe year veronica bollwerk  alameda co   nusdschoolnews newark memorial h s  ca17   newarkpatch
as  repjoekennedy points out  11 million would lose coverage for opioid treatment under the gop health plan …
there has been a 41% decrease in federal and state complaints in the last decade  but not a correlating decrease in…
we must not become bitter or hostile  we have to keep the faith  and keep our eyes on the prize  goodtrouble
the trump administration needs to present congress a delineated strategy-encompassing all military  diplomatic & hu…
i ll be live on wcvb s on the record this morning to discuss the nationwide movement to end gun violence in our sch…
i told  thedailybeast  consolidation of local media isn t a problem for democrats or republicans  it s a problem fo…
 jerzemommy it absoluetly is   jerzemommy  everyone wants faster and less crowded commutes to and from work  it s a…
today i was out in my district talking with chapter 8-1 of the steelworkers organization of active retirees at th…
read my full statement on the firing of fbi director comey here 
perhaps one of the most absurd arguments i ve ever heard  how many assault weapons and cop killing bullets were the…
i can t say the feeling is mutual  but here s my next prediction  the people are energized  we are going to end the…
they call me the lion of lenox avenue  but looks like this little guy stole my roar yesterday  nice try …
hardworking middle class families are footing the bill for our enormous national debt while republicans give tax br…
then why do you continue to stack against the average american family  a tax scam where less than 2% of americans r…
rt  ajjaffe  bustos  trump  made some really grand promises about making america great - he zoomed in on the kind of towns we re visiting t…
i m calling for the immediate resignation or firing of  epascottpruitt  it s time we bring science and common sense back to the  epa
rt  cumc_gca  this past sunday   allofusresearch launched in harlem  among the hundreds of new yorkers that attended was  repespaillat  pic…
27 000 veterans in northern arizona depend on  veteranshealth prescott for care  we re working to honor our commitm…
tomorrow is the day  make a plan & get out there and vote  your vote is your voice  su voto es su voz  vote…
there is so much that we as a society need to do to ensure that all individuals are treated with dignity at all tim…
many thanks to the organizations and residents who attended our 4th annual volunteer fair  we hope others will rea…
do you need to speak with my staff about issues in your community  visit mobile office hours tomorrow from 10 am to…
on this day in 1947  jackie robinson joined the brooklyn dodgers and broke the color barrier in baseball  let us ho…
rt  repterrisewell  great evening  repjohnlewis celebrating the retirement  cbrangel with my  officialcbc colleagues  we will miss you char…
congressman cedric richmond  d-la  gives floor remarks to commemorate dr  martin luther king jr   via  youtube
i m part of this group demanding speaker ryan give us a vote on a daca solution  as we delay  the future of d r e a mers…
rt  furtherwithfood  proof that stopfoodwasteday is every day   chelliepingree and  repdavidyoung just announced a bipartisan house food w…
  speakerryan made a commitment to bring a bill to protect d r e a mers to the floor & 245 republicans & democrats are…
i am glad to see progress in the senate toward passing bipartisan bills to protect the mueller investigation  firin…
rt  betterbeerforme  i am delighted that  repbrendanboyle will be voting for the cra to overrule the fcc and save our net neutrality rules …
rt  barackobama  we are grieving with parkland  but we are not powerless  caring for our kids is our first job  and until we can honestly s…
alert  evanston is considering opting-out of the minimum wage and sick leave ordinances  the vote is tomorrow   
rt  rephankjohnson  paying our respects today at ebenezer baptist church for the incomparable rita jackson samuels -- a rock of the civil r…
funding our military is imperative  but so is taking care of our veterans   sotu 
thank you to everyone who attended my in-person town halls in iowa and sauk counties  it was great to hear from so…
an incredible honor to be selected to receive the harry s  truman good neighbor award  truly humbled 
rt  machinistsunion  thank you for being a leader in our fight for fair trade for all working people   repjayapal  an honor to host you at…
the ability to make sound financial decisions is critical not just to our own success  but also to the success of o…
✅castner protection drafted ✅castner protection introduced ✅castner protection passes the house ✅castner protection…
rt  senbrianschatz  each college class graduates with more student loan debt than the last  it s time to guarantee that all americans have…
thank you  sensherrodbrown and  senatorrounds for introducing my bill  the battle act  in the senate  my bill will…
rt  ssnalerts  brian fitzpatrick s  stephanie murphy s bill taking aim at stalkers targeting minors passes house  …
trump s effort to singlehandedly sabotage the aca is yet another attempt to restrict access to quality  affordable health care 
this is precisely the reason i introduced the no disrupting accountability  nda  act to prevent these agreements fr…
president trump s decision on the iran deal endangers our security and makes it harder for other countries to take…
alumni from historically black colleges and universities  hbcus  presented the hbcu expo at the jacobs center  tha…
we must keep fighting these  work requirements  and the racism inherent in these proposals  plans in many states se…
second  they offer budgets that would fill that gap by cutting more than  2t in social security  medicare  & medicaid
  realdonaldtrump is raking it in  💸💸💸💸💸💸
congratulations to native south carolinian  chadwickboseman for his historic portrayal of king t challa in the firs…
drilling in the arctic refuge will destroy a pristine landscape that can never be replaced  i stand with the gwich …
tonight  the president showered law enforcement with praise  even as he and his congressional allies launch an all…
rt  stephsinclair  yakaka & hauwa send their sincerest thanks to   repwilson    repebj    replawrence    repcicilline    repandrecarson    …
some house republicans are looking for ways to sneak an online sales tax into the government spending bill  they sh…
at a time when we need to make critical investments in our infrastructure  housing  seniors and education  republic…
now  i m questioning facebook ceo mark zuckerberg  watch live 
yesterday morning  former first lady  michelleobama spoke to a swelling crowd of 8 000 students at  templeuniv liac…
rt  appropsdems  starting now   repmarcykaptur leads  appropsdems at energy & water subcommittee hearing on  usacehq 2019 budget request 
  epascottpruitt has again shown his disregard for protecting public health and delayed updating the lead and coppe…
icymi - there are several good things in the funding package passed by congress this week  including an increase in…
to all my constituents in  dekalb  please note that we are under a boil advisory for the foreseeable future due to…
look at the numbers and ask yourself  who is the republican tax plan really designed to help 
nationwide  teachers are raising their voices loud and clear and demanding that they deserve to earn a living wage …
rt  housedemocrats  the g o p tax scam is a radical attack on the middle class  it would raise taxes on 80% of middle-class households and und…
 rolandsmartin  crewof42   our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter   mlk
americans deserve to spend time at concerts  houses of worship  and night clubs without fear of gun violence  it s…
rt  normajtorres  proud to bear an f rating from the  nra  joining with  repjohnyarmuth to call on our republican colleagues to take action…
i ll work with republicans  democrats  and anyone else that s willing to fight to keep prescription drugs   
a year after trumpcare   repkclark believes more than ever that health care is a right for all – not a privilege f…
as a co-chair of the working forests caucus  i was delighted to join the  nafoalliance last night to celebrate the…
the american people need our help to reduce the burden of student debt  lower health care costs  protect consumers…
the president says mexicans & latinos are criminals  rapists and murderers  yet the immigrants he goes after are th…
rt  vahousedems  congratulations to  fairfaxjustin on his democratic primary win for lt  governor  thank you to  susanplattva and  rossi4va…
thanks to the  aca   19 million people now have health insurance  gop repeal bill would drop 24 million from their insurance plans 
thank you  repmikequigley for your pointed questioning of chairman pai on the sham of a merger that is sinclair-tribune 
honest ads
such a kind man and a huge loss for nashville  getahn was curious  smart and prolific in his work -- a true reporte…
it was an honor to speak w/  ravibhalla  one of the first sikh mayors in the us  & our very first turbaned sikh ma…
i want all members of congress & all americans to understand that even though the everglades might be nestled at t…
i was proud to join  afgenational at their boot pruitt rally today  where we called on polluting pruitt to resign  …
senator mccain is an american hero and his family deserves respect and prayers  i applaud mrs  mccain s courage  st…
team peters joined  ibm to launch the i2 veterans training initiative in san diego  which trains veterans on ibm so…
i am committed to supporting legislation that connects our veterans with high-paying jobs in our communities   ne02 
during  realdonaldtrump s first year in office  12 of the top 20 most costly drugs for medicare part d increased in…
the  amacadpeds opposed  dhsgov s proposal that would separate mothers from their children arriving at the border s…
rt  edworkforcedems  📺  watch  democrats standwithstudents as the committee marks up the so-called   prosper  act 
a nonpartisan report found over  125 bil in waste   pentagon  we should make dod more efficient before cont  wasteful programs trumpcuts
rt  alexwitt   we need to sound the alarm  -  congressmanruiz on graham-cassidy  even though bill is presumably quashed ruiz worries it cou…
it s heartbreaking what the bakers have gone through since the passing of their daughter  shanique  i was told she…
celebrating the strength & resilience of israel and her people as they mark israel independence day  israel70…
great to be in rock county today for the first of three regional vitality summits  grateful to all the community le…
yo represento a puerto rico en este congreso  y yo apoyo a promesa 
rt  repmceachin  it s tax day – which means my republican colleagues will be talking up the g o p tax scam until they are blue in the face  ju…
given  realdonaldtrump s repeated attacks on the special counsel and known desire to fire robert mueller  mike pomp…
it was an honor to address the students today  i have been fighting the gun makers for 25 years in congress and the…
do you receive my newsletter  sign up here for updates on the work that i am doing in congress on behalf of  ca20 
4 – maybe he doesn t want us to learn about the  35 million he made in 2017 by selling real estate to secret buyers 
the 3 6 million u s  citizens in puerto rico &  usvi  deserve our focused attention  rt to show your support for our our fellow americans 
rt  nearespect   you  education support professionals  are on the frontlines every single day  you are there for your students and communit…
putin and the kremlin s interference in our democratic process is an attack on our country  the patriotic men and w…
as a young woman   repmarcykaptur was rejected from the air force and fbi because they didn t accept women  today …
new report from the nonpartisan  urbaninstitute shows that  trump s dire warnings about those who seek asylum in th…
human destruction of nature is rivaling climate change as one of the greatest threats to our planet  severely impai…
even republicans know their talking points are deceiving   there s no evidence whatsoever that the money s been ma…
glad to join my colleagues in finding bipartisan solutions to combatting climate change 
usdot projects us needs to invest  1 7 trillion over next 10 years to maintain  improve & expand just our highways & transit systems  1/
the gop tax bill is a  bait and switch  - it will ultimately raises taxes on 86 million middle class families  g o p tax scam  sotu 
rt  usgsvolcanoes  latest sentinel interferogram of kilauea  subsidence at summit  intrusive activity along east rift zone  small faul…
rt  housedemwomen  our very own dwwg member   repmarcykaptur  is making h e rstory this week  becoming the longest-serving woman in the hous…
my statement on the trump administration s offshore drilling announcement   i am seriously concerned about the pot…
which is worse  a president who tells the public things he knows to be patently false  or a president who cannot te…
rt  nrdems  you made this happen  more than 100 000 people submitted comments opposing the  natlparkservice fee hike and as a result   sec…
rt  repbeatty  congress has a responsibility to protect mueller to ensure his investigation can continue without interference  retweet now…
actually  mr  president  russia is the one that tried to attack our country by interfering with our democracy  spec…
to d r e a mers  don t give up  don t give up hope  lot s of rounds left in this fight 
tomorrow is the first day of open enrollment for health care coverage  be sure to visit to get covered 
rt  vta   public transportation projects like these create jobs and opportunity for people   shaking those very hands 
so terrible to lose one of davidson county s bravest & brightest protectors  my deepest condolences to dcso deputy…
yesterday i reminded sec mattis that  in iraq  he gave us a clear mission and told us what we needed to accomplish…
cesar chavez once wrote   we have seen the future  and the future is ours   chavez and his union  the united farm w…
did you know that udoka azubuike attended potter s house christian academy in jacksonville before becoming a kansa…
kankakee farmers are rightfully worried about  realdonaldtrump s misguided and ill-conceived trade war  for all hi…
rt  usace_buffalo   usace  is honored to stand with  repbrianhiggins today and announce the start of the buffalo harbor 2018 dredging  thi…
had a group of ragin  bulls from  bloomingdaleshs at my art competition this weekend to showcase their wonderful ar…
it is time to end the lies and ensure women hear the truth about their right to abortion   reproductive health care …
israel is our strongest ally and i support its right to defend itself  still  we have to deescalate the tensions in…
about to join  squawkcnbc ahead of today s testimony by mark zuckerberg  tune in 
proud to introduce the robocop act with  senblumenthal  the public has been tormented by harassing robocalls for y…
while this welcome legal victory is a step in the right direction  we cannot rely only on the courts for a solution…
i wish i was half the parent  spouse & political strategist barbara bush was  she reminds us of a time when strong …
i also still remain hopeful that this committee will allow real reforms to go forward  to protect both our law enfo…
devastating news  congresswoman louise slaughter fought hard on the behalf of the people of new york  her presence…
we re here at first baptist church ripley in montgomery for the m l k pilgrimage its been a beautiful weekend  sharin…
this tax day  let s talk about the real impact of the g o p tax scam  higher costs for working families and huge break…
during  apahm   i m committed to supporting asian american and pacific islander communities in queens  the bronx …
congressman joe knollenberg was a friend and true champion for the state of michigan  he committed his life to serv…
arizona s electric co-ops provide power to rural arizona  we re working with  gcseca to lower energy bills for busi…
read the bill here 
including a citizenship question in the 2020 census will only suppress participation and provide inaccurate data  n…
rt  sbasoutheast  talking jobs today  atl&co  repdavidscott 2018 jobs fair 4/13 in  atl 
the gun show loophole closing act would require purchases at gun shows to be subject to the same background checks…
rt  repjeffries  failed war on drugs began in 1971  leading to mass incarceration epidemic  it s time to reverse the damage first step act h…
in the face of constant cyberthreats  members of congress have a responsibility to protect the integrity of the systems we use every day 
her research  her books and her newspaper have made a deep impact on our community  exposing history that must be t…
 corybooker we must give voice to the voiceless and protect health and environmental future of vulnerable communities across our nation 
donald trump is not only a bad president  he is a bad person  there should be no place for his vile comments in our public discourse 
the american people deserve to know how their tax dollars are being misspent by our government  i urge my colleague…
an indefensible attack on brave members of the military who selflessly sign up to serve and defend this nation 
rt  hrc  thank you rep   roslehtinen and  repjaredpolis for advocating for the equality act — federal legislation that would provide consis…
rt  alfranken  great event with  delraewilliams &  collinpeterson at  concordiamn today  students are excited to vote early  -al
rt  projcitizenship  today at  framinghamu  we will serve over 40 eligible immigrants on their paths to u s  citizenship  a very special t…
it s time to consider impeachment  trump has shown contempt for the institutions & safeguards that are essential t…
rt  johnbrennan  when the full extent of your venality  moral turpitude  and political corruption becomes known  you will take your rightfu…
 coveredca s open enrollment period starts tomorrow  join almost 1 5 million californians and getcovered  visit
rt  miafarrow  unicef  400 000 children on  verge of death  in congo
national library week is a chance to celebrate our libraries  which bring the community together & support lifelong…
check out what else is happening this week in the u s  house of representatives 👉https //t co/cpnzxjkxty
joining  petemcmurray on  wgnradio in just a few minutes  listen in 
congratulations to the  nwindiancollege team on making it to the finals of  nasa s 2018 student launch competition …
rt  demsespanol  ¿a quién afectará el plan fiscal republicano  👩🏻‍🎓 estudiantes 👨🏼‍🏫 maestros 👵🏽 personas de la tercera edad 🏡 propietari…
happy national puppy day  what better way to celebrate than to welcome a furry friend into your home today 
w/an approximated 35% rate of cancer  families have lost many of these atomic veterans  & those who survive battle health problems everyday 
during the korean war and vietnam war  a a p i veterans were discriminated against due to the color of their skin   aapi 
the flint water crisis is not an anomaly—what happened to flint is a warning to all americans  many communities are…
rt  oversightdems   tsa must immediately implement ig recommendations  the committee will continue to investigate allegations of misconduct…
  repbonnie  we ve been fighting for 4 years to  bbog 
russia is supporting a regime that uses chemical weapons on its own people  so why is president trump refusing to…
the march continues  vote
rt  normeisen  every single boeing employee who loses their job is going to know why 
after exploding the debt by nearly  2 trillion with the g o p tax scam  this week the house will consider a reckless r…
we re committed to taking action in dover that will keep guns out of the hands of those who shouldn t have them  w…
👉 and the  housegop continues to block democratic bills to negotiate drug prices for medicare  taxpayers  this mus…
great to see the continued investments occurring  garychiairport 
rt jlthompson76  voting for cap today  i vote in the eve  so i can bring sophia to the polls w/me  good for kids to see democracy in action 
 bmaloney7861 here s the correct way to spell immigration 
rt  nycpa  kudos to  repgregorymeeks for introducing a federal bill requiring public companies to disclose their financial relationships wi…
rt  nancypelosi  face the facts   realdonaldtrump – your g o p tax scam is great news for the rich  but your ceo friends are leaving the middl…
rt  leightaussrj  congresswomen rosa delauro visits the international union of operating engineers local 478 training center in meriden to…
great meeting reps of baltimore s  hchomeless on the hill today advocating for our most vulnerable neighbors  esp…
i had the opportunity to meet with the southern grocery industry association to discuss the pressing agricultural i…
to stay updated on my work in congress  sign up for my newsletter here 
a1  we also have a duty to protect our environment so that future generations can enjoy the outdoors and inherit a…
what i learned about gun violence from students — and what president trump didn t  lowey |  lohud
my staff just spoke with vicksburg s  usacehq about how to resolve the flooding matter in quitman county 
rt  indianacap   indianacap c/2d lt maxwell c  montgomery and c/sra sean c  rapley meet with the honorable  repvisclosky in washington  d c…
rt  housejuddems  reminder  join us for the 10 30a net neutrality and anti trust law hearing watch live 
great discussion this am w/  politico s doug palmer &  repfranklucas on the importance of ex im bank  last year  35…
rt  repmarkpocan  president trump s infrastructure plan is just another example of the gop looking out for the wealthy & corporations inste…
rt  hispaniccaucus  it s shameful that  secnielsen has not yet met with a single  daca  recipient since being confirmed as  dhsgov secretary…
rt  repteddeutch  7 000 pairs of shoes  7 000 children killed by gun violence since the sandy hook massacre in 2012  this  has  to  stop …
congratulations to all the nominees and winners of the 2017  capacity4change heart of napa awards  we are so gratef…
la decisión de incluir una pregunta sobre ciudadanía en los formularios del censo 2020 tendrá consecuencias durader…
my statement on  manhattanda &  brooklynda announcement they will no longer prosecute marijuana offenses 
i call on the irs to grant extensions to anyone who is unable to pay their taxes on time through their website beca…
reports indicate that last week  amazon was in newark to get a feel for our great city  newark is among the finali…
rt  hascdemocrats   it is time to establish an independent national commission on military aviation safety  so we can understand exactly wh…
freudian typo
my thoughts and prayers are with all those impacted by the crash - my colleagues  their families  and staff  as wel…
stopped by borinquen bakery in new britain to congratulate mary lynn ortiz  whose bakery was recognized as the sba …
rt  sea500womensci   most of the trump cabinet has been kicked out  scott pruitt needs to be next   - repjayapal a woman after our own co…
need to renew or apply for a new passport  no time during the week  the  ny  passport agency will host a family trav…
despite four former census directors who cautioned against this move   secretaryross has decided that inclusion of…
my bill to eliminate administration fees on federal studentloans  which are nothing more than a hidden tax  would…
it s not too late too enroll in the public service loan forgiveness program  here s how 
deeply honored to be included on the  essence woke100 list with so many warrior women  the work of these women for…
this is great  i hope it inspires millions of girls to follow katherine johnson s example to pursue stem careers an…
rt  fedamerhospital  today   goodsamaritanmc hosted  reploisfrankel for a roundtable and tour  gsmc s leadership team explained their hospi…
⚪️ promoted a culture of secrecy in the executive branch /2
republican obsession w/ taking away our healthcare requires a clinical intervention  america must rise up and stop…
over the past few years  i have received thousands of comments from constituents about net neutrality  on tuesday …
great results in kansas yesterday 
tras años de esfuerzos de mi parte los centros de servicios medicare y medicaid aumentarán tasas de reembolso para casi 10 mil médicos en pr
we must continue to invest in this key part of our nation s social safety net  so today i proposed an amendment to…
congrats to  senduckworth on the arrival of the newest member of her family  baby maile pearl  working moms
delaney urges yellen to weigh income inequality in federal reserve policies during jec hearing…
we ll be back in roosevelt this evening from 4 00-7 00 p m  to help  ny04  residents get covered during…
i hear good things about the bee-line from folks in westchester all the time  so i m glad we could secure this fed…
we ll be live streaming today s no d c riders press conference on facebook  tune in at 11 30am as we prepare to defen…
massive cuts in trump/republican budget to federal transportation spending are larger than his entire  so-called  i…
rt  repbillfoster    realdonaldtrump has denied the science of climatechange and let  epascottpruitt gut environmental regulations  it s d…
proud to highlight communities in  nj08  that were named qualified opportunity zones by  ustreasury  elizabeth  kear…
rt  cnnnewsroom   president trump really has a black belt when it comes to hypocrisy   says dem  rep  ruben gallego on trump announcing he…
did you know there a lot of resources available through the sba for minority small business owners and entrepreneur…
rt  ilyseh  amazing champion  janschakowsky out with us in the rain to end the lies and expose fake clinics
if this is how we treat our vets  america s future is dim   the willingness with which our young people are likel…
rt  aarpadvocates  productive meeting with  repdelbene and  aarpwa  thank you for allowing our advocates to come in and discuss the issues…
🚨great news  federal court orders florida gov rick scott to end votingrights discrimination  scott unlawfully san…
scott pruitt has continuously wasted taxpayer dollars on frivolous expenses  he insists on travelling first class a…
a mind to work   this brain region keeps growing in adulthood via  livescience
tune in live  starting soon  souls to enroll souls2 enroll
i applaud leader  nancypelosi  ranking member  nitalowey   and the democratic members of the appropriations committ…
ramadan mubarak to all 
pleased to serve as an honorary co-chair for the annual annie s list luncheon in san antonio  see you there 
rt  rosadelauro  the farm bill introduced by  housegop betrays working families and our most vulnerable by cutting nutrition assistance ben…
nyt  scott pruitt s aides hid the fact that he dined in rome with a cardinal facing sexual abuse charges…
my first job was in my mom s small business  so i learned firsthand the challenges and rewards of small business ow…
yesterday  tulsi recognized the beet box cafe s new kailua store  the local business is working to improve the hea…
rt  rmakinen   repcleaver no better time to mark the one millionth free ride for veterans on  ridekctransit  thank you  repcleaver for you…
rt  oceanchampions  ocean champion  repdarrensoto s new kissimmee river bill is a major boost to ecosystem restoration in florida  the hou…
attention ventura county veterans  i am hiring a medically retired veteran for a two-year paid fellowship in my thousand oaks office 
congress has a responsibility to help our veterans exposed to burn pits and must act now  that s why earlier today…
congrats to  pacpr for being recognized as one of the best community colleges in the united states  that s a huge a…
rt  hispaniccaucus  jose presented himself to immigration officers at the border  along with his 1-yr-old son  to seek asylum from violence…
rt  repthompson  proud to join my colleagues to roll out our technology and innovation agenda to give our entrepreneurs and students the ch…
rt  paulwaldman1  this story is unreal  pruitt demanded a bulletproof car  a bulletproof desk  and a 20-person security detail  who the hel…
rt  chrismurphyct  if more guns = less gun deaths  america would have the lowest gun violence rate in the world  guess what  that not how…
thankful to the  officialcbc for always being the conscience of the congress & standing up for equal justice under…
rt  aauw  this   harassment is not a business expense  harassment is the abuse of women   -  repmaloney timesup metoo
probably because it undermines state and local tax deductions  which prevent double-taxation and help fund public e…
grateful to have met with members of japan s national legislature  who came to dc as part of the thomas s  foley le…
proud to introduce the workplace democracy act w/ sensanders   repmarkpocan &  rosadelauro  we must fight back ag…
last week  the trump administration issued a budget with deep cuts to medicaid  jeopardizing critical mental health…
rt  sbgc2c    repdinatitus on prospects for immigration reform this year   they re not going to do it now before the election  republicans…
service of the  nationalguard is appreciated by the american people  bush and obama sent the ng to the border  tho…
here s what we did get when republicans charged  2 2 trillion to our national credit card  corporate stock buybacks…
exiting the iran deal does nothing to stop iran from getting nuclear weapons and hurts out realtionship with allies…
though i m glad my amdt to fund two key solutions to mitigate noise/health impacts of air traffic were included in…
while i support the military action the u s  and two of its key allies took last night  i call on the pentagon to p…
what an amazing gold win for  teamusa  usahockey and  westfield_ma s own  kbells22  congratulations to team u s a in…
an accurate 2020census is critical to our nation  and the political decision by the trump administration to add an…
the central conflict of our time  western democratic values  free  fair  open elections and the rule of law  v  aut…
rt  repdwightevans  during teacher appreciation week  i urge everyone to thank a teacher in philadelphia for the impactful work they do in t…
residents of the usvi and pr are resilient but are counting on congress to help us rebuild  bigger  better and stro…
rt  govtrack  🔜 h r  2655 by  repdwightevans  small business innovation protection act of 2017 🏛️
about to talk nunes memo memo gate w/  wbalradio tune in
rt  cspanwj  watch   repalgreen  d-tx  plans to bring articles of impeachment to the floor today   my friends  like it or not  we have elec…
rt  radha_muthiah  thank you  repmcgovern for your leadership on the house hunger caucus  food is indeed medicine and  foodbankmetrodc is…
helped pass the combat online predators act  which increases the maximum penalty for predators convicted of stalkin…
may is stroke awareness month & this year  make sure you get active to help reduce your chance of having a stroke  c…
exciting night  roll tide
led bipartisan letter w/  sengillibrand   nydiavelazquez  8 senators & 35 house members urging  betsydevosed to rev…
reps  loebsack  jenkins send letter to hhs on direct supervision
donald trump s nomination of steven bannon reminds me of maya angelou quote  when someone shows you who they are believe them  the 1st time 
rt  kathleenleemry  pghs alum adjutant general baldwin meets w/ repsamfarr and  lorettasanchez to discuss soberanes fire  go breakers 
i m ashamed and a little embarrassed by how out of touch our supervisors are  this is so backward  but thanks to gr…
13 hours in and still going strong  rt if you are still tuned in and watching  fy19ndaa  unfold
companies like  alcon a  novartis division  lockheedmartin  americanair  martinsprocket  pepsico  fritolay…
rt  jaclyncorin  we will win  march for our lives
what really matters  the sinclair merger will hurt local communities  diversity  & local journalism  ex  komo journ…
on this transgender day of rememberance we honor the lives of those we ve lost to hate and violence simply for bein…
it s great to see  naiopnm recognize students from across the state  congratulations to this year s science fair wi…
i m introducing a bill for implicit bias training grants for schools as  usedgov report shows minorities  males & s…
dreamers  if your daca expired on or after september 5  2016 you may submit a daca renewal application  apply with…
 silence  is not the answer to preventing massacres like las vegas  read to the end of this short article 
happening now  i m on the house floor with  reptedlieu talking about the unbrided corruption of the trump administr…
 frseed2stomach email questions to rlau mikecapuano com  he s talking to a lot of undecided voters  masen
from my family to yours  wishing everybody a safe and happy thanksgiving 
congratulations to the grant high school constitution team for winning  again  the oregon state championship    on to nationals   
yesterday s earthquake had a small impact on la but the truth is  we re due for a big one soon  preparing today cou…
donald trump is missing a communications director  maybe sinclair media should step in and do want to step in and do that job  too 
rt  housedemocrats  we re answering ask house dems   repsarbanes has an answer for  sarashelton2 on protecting our elections from foreign in…
over the last two years i ve worked across the aisle to find common sense solutions that protect our national secur…
dreamers serve in our military  teach in our schools and give back to our communities  these young people have wai…
general mcmaster is correct  russia has operated far too freely without fear of a response from the us or its allie…
rt  congressionalac  up up and away  thrilled to announce that  southwestair will be our official airline sponsor for house of code 2018    …
our interfaith prayer breakfast & legislative update will take place next sat  may 19 from 9 30-11am at  wlcac  in…
the problem of youth being locked up because they have no parents to retrieve them & no placement in the foster car…
5th best female rap collaboration  nicki minaj – up all night many revel in her monster breakthrough  yet nicki mi…
happy birthday to the virgin islands own tim duncan
friday  we re helping arizona nonprofits get grant funding  get help at our national endowment for the arts grants…
lawson  evidence suggests our economy is growing  much of that is largely due to women & minority-owned businesses …
a lot of hard-working people believed you when you said you would fight for them  instead  all they have gotten fro…
republicans  wrong choice act would strip away consumer protections for seniors & service members saving for retirement 
rt  abcworldnews  rep  tonko on allegations of  seemingly endless misconduct  against epa head scott pruitt   imagine if a democrat acted i…
or marty  who was studying to be a nurse at plu when she was diagnosed with cancer  the aca made it so she was able…
 todayshow  nbcnews
when he attacked haiti and africa   realdonaldtrump thought he was disparaging those countries  in truth  he was de…
rt  murphindc  wrote about sinclair in november  right as  fec was changing rules to allow it to own more stations   why pave the way for…
these rate increases are on top of big increases from last year  which insurers also laid at the feet of gop sabota…
now with the congressional caucus on women s issues hearing testimony of women speaking on the reality of sexual ha…
due to popular demand  the submission deadline for this year s congressional art competition has been extended to m…
rt  machinistsunion  james lewis from dresser-rand is one of 250 of our members being laid off by  siemens in wellsville  ny  the closure w…
president trump single-handedly ended daca and showed no interest in bipartisan legislation to protect dreamers  ye…
thank you to everyone who was able to support valley children s hospital   careforkids​  and the great work they ar…
we ve lost an amazing  intelligent and passionate first lady  barbara bush was a gift to america and the rock of a…
rt  ericthomaskgo  north bay cong  jared huffman talks about school safety and gun violence at casa grande high in petaluma 
rt  ssnalerts    cathymcmorris   repstephmurphy get  spurring business in communities act  through house  s s naler…
exclusive  mueller s team questions russian oligarch about payments to cohen - cnn politics
devastating news out of nyc  i m praying for the victims of this horrific attack 
i sat down with the  koreatimes to talk cutting taxes  fighting discrimination  supporting first responders  and ca…
  kansascityfed hosted a forum in  abq  where economists and officials discussed what trends are occurring in the na…
this is why  our kids deserve better  our country is better than this 
rt  housesbcdems  there is nothing  small  about the impact of small biz on the american economy  they have created 40% of all new jobs ove…
seems to me that we are strengthened by honest moral reckoning  attacking those who apologize for past national mis…
happy mother s day-- i just want to keep telling you the most powerful words you taught me--thank you  thank you fo…
great news for  ucsantabarbara today  congratulations gauchos for topping the  usnews rankings yet again 
 realdonaldtrump you act awfully defensive for someone who claims the indictment of russians for meddling in our election is a non-story 
it appears the administration does not have a unified strategy on syria  as we move forward  the u s  must  at a mi…
rt  billpascrell  about  1 6 trillion of the g o p tax scam law will go right into the pockets of the big corporations and top 1 percent  can…
please join me on april 18th for a town hall in bethlehem  looking forward to seeing everyone there  more info -&gt 
today s the deadline for this year s congressional art competition  open to all  ny13  district high school students…
speaking to  tysonspartners  fairfaxcounty tysons open house this evening  what is happening in tysons is truly tra…
this is the second time  realdonaldtrump has considered firing mueller  and reports this week show that trump may…
my full statement on the iran deal withdrawal 
despite what  realdonaldtrump thinks  climatechange is real  the time to act on climate is now  md must uphold…
on national school walkout day  i spoke with several local young people about the toll gunviolence has taken on the…
do you know a middle or high school student interested in attending a u s  military academy  my annual academy inf…
rt  ericgeller  after touring  eacgov   whiphoyer and  repraskin announce public forum on election security on may 22 with the eac s chairm…
yesterday s ruling gives hope to the more than 100 d r e a mers who were losing their protective status every day than…
 this legislation is needed    we have a long way to go  and the goal of the jobs and justice legislation will help…
 if you re a lobbyist who never gave us money  i didn t talk to you  if you re a lobbyist who gave us money  i migh…
great to hear a shout out from  surgeon_general about his visit to ri in january  our peer recovery programs take a…
rt  govtrack  h r  4895 by  benniegthompson passed the house yesterday  →senate   medgar evers home national monument act
polls close in 50 minutes-if you have friends or family members  neighbors or coworkers that you haven t asked to vote for mike  do  masen
rt  cleanairmoms  moms are joining members of congress  environmental leaders  and  savetheusepa outside  epa calling for  epascottpruitt s…
 rickplastina i am working on legislation addressing this now
way to go laura and andrew – the hudson valley is proud of you 
after ramming through a  1 5 trillion deficit-exploding g o p tax scam   realdonaldtrump s infrastructure plan urges s…
starting now  tune in live to our no d c riders press conference 
we re now forced to believe either the trump administration or former fbi deputy director andrew mccabe  i ve dealt…
rt  reptimwalz  2 million people will have their access to food threatened if the  housegop passes their hyper-partisan farm bill  that s…
amtrak grants get the chop in trump budget  down to  738 million down from  1 5 billion in fy17
this is exactly why we need the  cfpb  to protect consumers from financial super predators  the  cfpb has saved t…
rt  salon  live  how former congressman  repsteveisrael is fighting the gun lobby salon talks
instead of arguing with your family about politics during thanksgiving  turn those arguments into action  floridian…
rt  fatimaptacek  across the country today  members of congress are hosting town hall for our lives to let us know where they stand - and i m…
fattah team / results
america s competitiveness in the global economy is directly tied to our fiscal health  congress should invest in ou…
rt  nowthisnews  58 democrats just voted to debate impeaching president trump
did you know  on april 30  1789  george washington was sworn-in as the first president of the united states  as a dr…
our trans troops help keep us safe every day & deserve the same respect & honor we give all our troops  transban is wrong for our military 
this earth day it is critical that we stand up for the protection of our environment  that is why i have joined mor…
this yom hashoah  i remain firmly committed to advocating on behalf of the people of the 9th district for benefits…
the g o p tax scam  trump budget  and the so-called p r o s p e r act all have one thing in common  putting corporate profit…
lace up your traveling shoes  orgs like  indivisibleteam &  moveon organizing mass demonstrations in dc for when tr…
my statement on the white house infrastructure plan
last week it was mulvaney at  cfpb  this week it s  betsydevosed  we need real leaders who will work to strengthen…
thx  davidhogg111  i wish    repstevekingia would quit vilifying & dividing  agree or disagree w you  he praise u…
13 of 41 hazardous substance superfund sites in areas impacted by hurricane harvey were flooded  these toxic waste…
these brave dreamers from middle tennessee stopped by my dc office today and met with my staff  congress must prot…
a doubleheader today as i was honored to join both burbank american and burbank national for opening day ceremonies…
rt  janschakowsky  today  all 11 dems in the house sent governor rauner a letter asking him  yet again  to get engaged and work with us on…
incomes up  poverty down  & 4m more people have healthcare  signsofprogress
the administration s guns plan does nothing to expand background checks  says nothing about the gun lobby s dangero…
you all are extraordinary 
rt  fednewsradio   gerryconnolly has some choice words for  realdonaldtrump administration on latest white house proposals to impact feds …
w/many contributions to usa  aapi community reminds us that our nation s success is built on a foundation of diversity a a p i heritage month
i posted a new photo to facebook
facebook s new tool debuted today but users won t see this information all at once  the full roll out will happen o…
as we prepare to break this pledge that will only serve to destabilize the region  our european partners have made…
rt  housenewdems  congrats to new dem  staceyplaskett on being appointed to serve on the  transportdems  as a co-chair of the new dem 21st…
truly amazing new facility for jewish senior services in bridgeport  good feelings  great staff  so welcoming 
today s decision from the trump admin  on steel and aluminum tariffs has moved through a prolonged and chaotic proc…
happy birthday   senatorcarper  you are a true friend  mentor  and dedicated public servant  our state is better of…
congratulations to the rogers high school women s basketball team on their championship  you have etched your names…
congratulations to cajon cowboy football on a terrific season  we re proud to have you representing the inland empi…
always a pleasure meeting environmental heroes fighting for a clean & renewable future  yesterday at the…
i am proud to receive a 💯 from  lcvoters  thanks for recognizing my commitment to protect our planet and fight trum…
i posted a new photo to facebook
rt  nrdems  new  repraulgrijalva op-ed in  washexaminer  u s  needs more leadership on climatechange as china makes big cleanenergy inve…
nothing outrages me more than hearing the nra attacking high schoolers  then it occurred to me  the nra is attackin…
though we still have more work to do  since 1980  women have quadrupled our numbers in congress and we are slowly b…
at the dmz in south korea  north korea is in the background  americans have been standing guard here w/our s korean…
congress should pass legislation to protect the special counsel to ensure the american people are able to get the f…
and worse  the medical neglect of pregnant women in immigration detention was well documented in a recent administr…
massive internet service providers already have too much power over consumers  40% americans only have one option f…
coal ash is extremely dangerous to public health  but scott pruitt s epa is making it easier for corporations to du…
proud of my newest hire  vashti  who is featured in this article  diversity is what makes america great and all org…
this is an abuse of power and of women  in this country  women have a constitutionally-protected right to choose  j…
today markup of gop taxscam bill begins  photo shows me speaking against bill outside capitol 
tune in 
working and middle class families  the sick  the elderly  and generations yet unborn will bear the burden of this reckless act 
tomorrow 4/26  our kauai outreach liaison  kaulana finn  will be available for one-on-one federal agency casework…
nineteen years after columbine   housegop is still blocking legislation to keep our children & families safe from…
rt  theleadcnn  rep  lieu says he doesn t support mike pompeo as secretary of state because  he is far too hawkish to be the face of americ…
rt  heardonthehill    repsinema was the fastest female lawmaker and set a new course record for her division at the 37th annual acli capita…
i m in my office this morning ready to work on a deal to end the trump shutdown  there s no reason why we can t fin…
packed   productive day of meetings yesterday  among them  i met with border patrol agents from el paso to discuss…
trump s own treasury department admits it was the russians  when will trump admit that his pal putin was behind…
caught up when several elected officials from newport news and hampton during the national council of negro women n…
i love election nights  especially when i m not on the ballot 
trump pardons  scooter  libby in cia leak case  libby leak
rt  repjohnlarson  america depends on the success of its middle class families  and today  house republicans hold a vote on the g o p tax scam…
staff available for congress on your corner in buffalo  north tonawanda and kenmore this week
as these layoffs are implemented  i will do everything in our power to assist the affected employees and their fami…
today my colleagues on the house armed services committee and i are working on  fy19ndaa  to strengthen our national…
so the nonpartisan  taxpolicycenter shows 50% of american households would face a tax increase under the…
rt  uw_rowing  cleaning up the dawg house with the army corps of engineers  seattledistrict before the windermere cup at opening day next w…
rt  raiseupmo  mother s day is over but it s always the right time to appreciate missouri s hardworking moms  crystal is a mother of three…
saddened to hear about the passing of former first lady barbara bush  she was a woman of strength  character and cl…
 skutler  theendosociety thank you  i m honored to join  pcoschallenge to raise awareness of polycystic ovarian syn…
rt  oversightdems  breaking   oversightdems ask gowdy to subpoena documents withheld by trump administration on russian attacks on 21 state…
rt  metrolosangeles  here s where to get ride with pride tap cards starting may 16 
very cool  congrats luz on breaking a barrier in baseball at  ligamexbeis  may she be the first of many more women…
rep  johnson to hold briefing on h  res  713 – recognizing international decade for people of african descent with…
what i told betsy devos at today s fy19 budget- usedgov hearing   this administration  with your leadership  is sel…
g o p tax scam
rt  congboyle  any plan to rebuild american infrastructure should reflect our commitment to rebuilding the american dream  i just introduce…
wage gap hurts families  health & retirement  yet  housegop voted 2x against even allowing a vote on paycheck fairness act  latina equal pay
when the president visits mar-a-lago  temporary flight restrictions ground all flights from p b c s lantana airport…
a fearless press keeps our democracy truthful  our minds open  and our collective march toward progress possible -…
rt  cspan  congressional caucus for women s issues holds a hearing on combating sexual harassment in the service sector – live on c-span3 &…
joining  repjoecrowley and  repjaredpolis in leading calls to extend tps for nepalese citizens as their homeland co…
rt  dorismatsui  public health is about so much more than just healthcare  it s about improving every aspect of our lives  pleased to join…
rt  sensanders  unbelievably  hundreds of thousands of low-income americans are in jail because they can t afford cash bail  or are unable…
rt  swopehealth  enjoying our morning with the  kcchamber hearing legislative updates from  repcleaver
rt  oversightdems  just in  top dems request docs on doj lawsuit to block at&t and time-warner merger after ag refuses to answer questions …
 we are devolving into the hijacking of justice itself   there is a devolution taking place  and there is a solutio…
great to support the incredible work of the hanna boys center at their 12th annual evening with the all-stars last…
rt  reptimwalz  2 million people will have their access to food threatened if the  housegop passes their hyper-partisan farm bill  that s…
without demographic data on the lgbt community  we jeopardize our ability to ensure that federal programs & legisla…
rt  businessinsider  opinion  zte is just the most obvious of all the signs that china is playing trump
leaders from  ymcas across central and western illinois met with me to discuss how their programs are supporting ou…
rt  catholicconfil    replipinski talks to the students of   stchristinascl of   chicathschools about the importance of service  catholic s…
rt  fedscoop  what will the cio executive order do that fitara hasn t  by  wccordell
children keep sharing with me the fear they have every day that a shooter will mow them down in their classroom  th…
rt  repbobbyrush  i still cannot get over the fact that polluting pruitt tried to use his security detail s sirens to get around dc traffic…
rt  repbarbaralee  meet mercedes  who studies art history and chemistry at  spelmancollege  i was so happy to see her at the capitol this w…
rt  kesq  local congressman dr  raul ruiz on tonight s news channel 3 live at 6 speaking with john white about last week s government shutd…
rt  nowthisnews   the civil war is over     the confederacy lost   — rep  hakeem jeffries has harsh words for trump and everyone else who c…
we ve gone from banning  french fries  in the congressional dining room to diplomatic fondling  fromance …
trump s disparaging comments about other nations during the daca negotiations are beneath the office of the preside…
congratulations to  fresno_state president  josephicastro for being named  linked_learning s 2018 educator champion 
i am glad i got to meet members of the american lighting association  including clark linstone of  lampsplus and da…
so glad i had the chance earlier today to meet with ireland s taoiseach  prime minister  leo varadkar 
     10 billion in new infrastructure funding  including increases of  2 55 billion for the federal highway program…
    the g o p tax scam is just another way to claim we can t afford medicaid for california children  tax day
here s our statement from congressional cuba working group  we will continue to press for greater engagement and…
tonight i joined  seminoleso and  scpsinfo for a school safety and security forum at wshs  it s going to take all o…
fact  in 2015  murders committed with a gun accounted for 73% of the nearly 18 000 murders in america  end gun violence
if you know talented high school students in southern san diego and imperial county  encourage them to participate…
rt  oversightdems  just in  top house judiciary & oversight dems renew call for white house- doj communications on time warner merger
my heart breaks for families in kentucky and for families all across this nation impacted by senseless gun violence…
there seems to be a theme to this administration 
this administration s attacks on the dreamers who came here with their parents and know no other home are atrociou…
awed by tammie jo shults  nervesofsteel  she was one of the navy s first female fighter pilots  and her heroism wo…
rt  teampelosi  just in  new evidence trump tried to influence the russia investigation   pryan  your move—will you keep blocking an indepe…
icymi    msnbc live with  alexwitt
some time ago  republicans on our committee released a declassified memo that omitted and distorted key facts in or…
as my good friend john lewis is fond of saying  when you see something that isn t right  find a way to get in the w…
 our ambitions must be broad enough to include the aspirations and needs of others  for their sakes and for our own   cesar chavez day
honoring & applauding the many brave  inspiring  driven women across the globe this international womens day  includ…
the hōkūle a arrived in old town alexandria  va  it was great to see hokulea on its worldwide voyage 
 leslievermeulen you re right that there are no excuses  i am here in dc ready to fight for gun safety every day  f…
i called for devin nunes  removal from the intel committee b/c it was clear he lacked the integrity to protect our…
congress needs to investigate the allegations of sexual misconduct against president trump  i joined women in the h…
glad to be working to grow our solar industry and create good-paying jobs
wishing a happy earth day to all marylanders  we must continue to work together to protect m d05 s natural wonders …
thank you for your support  it means we will have the resources to take our message of justice  equality and peace…
the opioid epidemic does not discriminate based on politics  it affects red states  blue states  and purple states …
my prayers are with the families  as a parent  i cannot imagine the pain and fear they are going through  this is a tragic moment 
it looks more and more like the trump presidency will end in impeachment
these companies have lied  deceived  and swindled the american people through false marketing and distribution just…
rt  repcohen  trump calls raid of cohen s office  an attack on our country   says  we ll see  about firing mueller
heading to southbridge and charlton today  first stop  a visit to  fhcw s expanded dental care facility 
led a letter from 102 members of congress asking  realdonaldtrump to properly commemorate the armenian genocide  we…
today  students from high schools throughout de are competing for a trip to nationals at the largest prostart compe…
 our country is in dire need of a modern tax code  but more than that  we need a tax code that supports those who w…
rt  washtimesoped   for the state of our union to be strong  it is imperative that congress act this year to improve our nation s cybersecu…
dr  angela bronson  clinical psychologist  supports the pave solution  parenting  vigilant parenting skills are a m…
rt  stevescalise  proud to see my hero  colonel  repbradwenstrup  awarded with the army s distinguished soldier s medal at a ceremony today…
calling on all business and restaurant owners in the rio grande valley  join us for dhs image and i-9 workshop next…
rt  reprobinkelly  there are already too many empty chairs at the dinner table  congress must listen to the will of the people & take actio…
i am excited that the 6 2 million tourists who visit albuquerque every year will have another great attraction to…
the g o p tax scam will raise taxes for more than 80 million middle class families  including the family of dennis  a…
traffic congestion and super commutes in urban areas around the country are a threat to our competitive edge  we ne…
this is disgraceful  teachers deserve our deepest respect and support but in too many cases they are getting neithe…
rt  mitcheperry  speaking with former  and future   u s  rep  alangrayson and hillsborough county commissioner  stacy_white4 on  wmnf 88 5…
this has support from both republicans and democrats in congress  we can t sit back and do nothing for the thousand…
rt  cgalward  at  necouncil  vtroundtable event  peterwelch addresses his concern of damaging impact of tariffs including on steel and alum…
rt  sf_chamber    repzoelofgren citing the importance of increased science and health funding in today s omnibus vote citytripdc
rt  dcata2014  we 💖  eleanornorton  thank you for always supporting our initiatives  we greatly appreciate you  big thank you also to noell…
rt  damarianryan  thanks to  senwarren for hosting tonight s town hall  umasslowell & for continuing the conversation about the opioid epid…
republican tax scam riddled w/ newly discovered mistakes  rip it up  start over  focus on working families/middle class americans
great to see my friends and former colleagues  steveisraelny and  repadamschiff and congratulate steve on his new b…
if i could only recruit this young girl to be on our congressional softball team we would definitely get the w this…
thank you  congressfdn for creating these awards and recognizing non-legislative achievements on the hill 
honored to join  massgovernor  jonmitchellnb & state/city officials to mark progress on wind power in new bedford 
omaha native and petty officer 1st class caleb a  nelson will always be remembered in the community  watch   ne02 
our constituent service representatives will be throughout the district this week during neighborhood office hours …
did you know  over 80% of small biz have experienced increased revenues from online marketplaces  further proof th…
my prayers are with the bush family at this difficult time  first lady barbara bush was many things to many people…
all americans  but especially our troops on the ground  should be asking what our strategy is in syria  why will th…
in 2015  i wrote a  guardianus piece about how poor americans have become targets of punishing policies robbing the…
happy nurses week to all the hardworking nurses who help keep us healthy and thriving 
on this mother s day thinking of all those women who have suffered losses  today can be a lonely day for them and w…
rt  hrc  a veteran of over 20 years  former navy seal kristin beck   valor4us  advocates fiercely to protect trans troops   tdov  trans day of…
small businesses want to see their taxes simplified  but does the g o p tax scam help  spoiler alert  no  only 7% o…
mobile office hours in watsonville today  10am-1pm congressional staff will be available to assist with social se…
 centralflted  lakebrantley hi ted  we re happy to help  please call my office at  888  205-5421 and ask to speak with our tour coordinator 
rt  patrizzuto  rep  paul tonko  d-n y    energycommerce says he s dismayed at dismissal of science & scientists at epa/advising epa under…
 omb finds no evidence that federal regulations have any noticeable impact on aggregate national employment or econ…
rt  sangomez_news  national school walkout hartford magnet trinity college academy students line up with the images of parkland shooting vi…
the g o p tax scam will explode the deficit by over  2 trillion to give tax breaks to corporations and the wealthiest…
ramadan mubarak to all the families who celebrate this holy day across nevada and the world 
 compassionateve  saveanimals thank you for voicing our shared concern  i have already joined as a sponsor of this…
this week northern ohio makes progress on a new  700 million cleveland cliffs hot-briquetted iron plant  welcome j…
rt  voxdotcom  the house republican tax bill would cause slightly more than 25 percent of taxpayers to pay more by 2027 
as we mark national vietnam war veterans day  i joined  vietnamwar50th in thanking and honoring  wa  vietnam war vetera…
usda  socially disadvantaged groups grant award announcement to utrgv
rt  johnbrennan  when the full extent of your venality  moral turpitude  and political corruption becomes known  you will take your rightfu…
on the 103rd anniversary of the armenian genocide  let us take the time to remember the 1 5 million people who were…
momsdontneed the trump administration to undermine attempts to identify  stop and remedy unlawful pay discriminati…
great to meet with scientists yesterday from the environmental protection agency in chicago to see how their work h…
wishing all hudson valley vets headed to d c  on the honor flight today a safe and memorable trip 
rt  cnnnewsroom  democratic rep  ted lieu has asked the fbi to  investigate whether any federal laws were violated  in trump s lawyer payin…
it is deeply concerning that trump has increased his criticism of mueller & also increased his criticism of the fbi…
decades after conflict in the balkans  it is important to ensure ethnic tensions never again erupt into violence  l…
rt  hispaniccaucus  including a citizenship question in the 2020 census only serves to suppress participation & will result in inaccurate d…
50 years after martin luther king jr s death his message is more relevant than ever  we must continue working for j…
fake memos  too many dems  comey lying  witch hunt  these are among the many excuses  realdonaldtrump has used to e…
tune in to  hardball with  hardballchris tonight at 7pm to hear all about my new novel  big guns …
this decision confirms what we already know  open-air sewage pits used by hog farms are harmful to our communities …
it is national small business week  did you know half of the jobs in wa are located at small businesses  i recently s…
proud that new york city is showing leadership on efforts to restore community relations and fair policing  during…
yesterday  i sent secretary of education  betsydevosed a letter pressing her to move quickly to provide resources a…
while republicans voted for the trumpcare monstrosity that would have sent health costs soaring  democrats are sta…
applaud efforts incubating tech and business talent in our tampa bay region 
rt  farmpolicy    repmcgovern - how can any of you w/ a straight face defend this farm bill process- if we actually held a hearing on what…
rt  collpossiblechi  thank you  senduckworth  senatordurbin  repgutierrez  congressmanraja  repschneider  repcheri  reprobinkelly  replipin…
i truly enjoyed my fellowship at the guang ming temple  my prayer for our nation and the world is for greater unity…
my heart goes out to the victims and families affected by the events in new york today  grateful for the quick actions of first responders 
💰💰💰 nra = no republican action 💰💰💰
rt  wwfh_wa  thank you to reps from  repdelbene  repjayapal  repadamsmith  pattymurray  senatorcantwell and  somersdave for joining local l…
i enjoyed hearing the legislative priorities of  ga13  members of the national treasury employees union during their…
congrats  lipscombmbb 
i continue to speak out against the republican tax scam that hits families hard 
an infrastructure package is badly needed  that s why i was hopeful trump would address the issue in a bipartisan…
good news  i have been told that all four paramount students who were hospitalized after yesterday s accident are i…
shameful  transgender individuals are defending our country now with honor  president trump need to learn that any…
icymi  i spoke on the house floor yesterday applauding  nistcyber s release of cyberframework v 1 1 
rt  senatorserrano  happeningnow  i m with  nycmayor de blasio &  vanessalgibson at their district16 town hall at the bronx school for la…
happy valentines day   nasamoon is here to help with some science facts for you and your valentine  🌜✨💕
new lealman community campus great example of  penny for pinellas  program and local cra paying off for the people …
rt  sce  🌧️ rain is headed to socal  » if you see a downed power line or dangling wire — even if it appears not to be live — don t touch or…
wrote to the cybersecurity coordinator for nsc w/ questions about the process for disclosing cybersecurity vulnerab…
rt  mygpb  watch now live  the unveiling of the new statue of dr  martin luther king jr  by  governordeal 
since its creation  the iran deal has implemented the most stringent verification and monitoring standards ever pla…
 democraticstarr i m on page 9 
the president s decision to withdraw from the iran nuclear agreement is wrong  it reneges on our promises to key al…
cryptocurrency fintech
it is great to see how  ivytechnw is partnering with local employers to ensure that northwest indiana has a workfor…
keep it going on buffalo s waterfront via  thebuffalonews 
rt  ldoney    repraskin standing with  afgenational and epa employees to demand we boot pruitt 
next thursday  join us for an important panel discussion at  waubonsee on best practices for preventing sexual hara…
lilly ledbetter is a tireless advocate for women s equality & closing the pay gap  i am honored to have worked with…
rt  naacp  a3  obtaining ids can be disproportionally hard for the elderly  youth  & people of color—esp as dmvs are removed from communiti…
rt  hispaniccaucus  dolores huerta is an american grassroots activist who created fair workplaces for farm workers  broke down gender barri…
cooperation on water has the ability to transcend politics  even in what may seem like the most intractable of circ…
rt  repdavideprice  the trump administration s policy of taking children from their families solely because they are immigrants is cruel an…
trump tweeting about vindication in the third person exemplifies what the nunes memo is all about  nunes is doing h…
grateful to have the john glenn civic leadership community students of  ohiostate in d c  today  go bucks
a mind to work   congrats   steven hyman awarded 2016 sarnat prize via  harvard
rt  wearesfa  we would like to thank all who attended today and everyone who made this event possible  we were able to engage in productive…
trump shutdown fact  the 16-day government shutdown in 2013 caused about 120 000 fewer private sector jobs to be cr…
one week  who will be there   bnbuzz
rt  hascdemocrats  stripping patriotic service members of their ability to serve openly in this way goes against american values  i condemn…
this is a great day for russia  whose embassy praised the decision to end the hpsci investigation  & a sad day for…
first  republicans added over  1 trillion to the deficit by giving handouts to giant corporations and the ultra wea…
w/  vetaffairsdems colleagues right now demanding action to restore honor for deported veterans  honor deported vets
elaine thank you for sharing that story  the cost of long-term care can be devastating for families  that s why we…
grant funds through this program restored historic chappelle auditorium  allenu   which hosted the event in 1947  h b c us  2/3 
rt  repjoecrowley  i m heartbroken by the passing of congresswoman louise slaughter  when it came to fighting for what is right  louise s t…
rt  allinwithchris    repjimmcdermott   the nra really runs the gun legislation in all legislatures    we can t get gun legislation through…
 the boost to paychecks has frequently been small  and sometimes unnoticeable   unless  of course  you re in the to…
republicans in congress have repeatedly rejected efforts by democrats to prevent the president from taking this reckless step  4/
rt  espn  arike ogunbowale just won notre dame the 2018 national title 
i sent a letter to tony dearman urging him to take a look into this situation  read my letter here 
many arizona veterans don t live near a  deptvetaffairs facility  or the va cannot provide the specialized care the…
ice has become trump s personal bullying squad -  mjgerson  washingtonpost heretostay twill chicago immigration
this would clearly be an obstruction of justice and a matter critical to the united state  and if that was the case…
equal pay is not just a women s issue  it s an economic issue that affects the entire family  i m proud to have hel…
thank you  alexis and milka for stopping by my office to discuss how the daca program has provided you opportunitie…
we need to support our working mothers  fathers  caregivers & families  americans deserve paid sick leave & paid family leave   fmla23 
just finished a great meeting with members of  liuna from new jersey  i appreciate their advocacy for good paying j…
rt  reprokhanna  2/ we must find a solution to this crisis  that s why i urge my colleagues to join me in signing rep   peterwelch s opioid…
absolutely heartbreaking news out of florida  praying for all of the students  teachers  staff  and families  as…
via  teenvogue
rt  noahpransky  new development on zombie campaigns front 
rt  ap  breaking  family spokesman says former first lady barbara bush is in  failing health  and won t seek additional medical treatment 
rt  cspanwj  fri| do you think the u s  should consider a military strike against syria  tune at 8am as  repbarbaralee  d-ca  takes your ca…
as we get ready to listen to  potus bragging about all of his accomplishments at tonight s state of the union  it s h…
i wish  speakerryan well  but on his watch the deficit exploded to more than  1 trillion  endangering social securi…
 equifax  39 of my colleagues and i want answers on databreach
yet in one stroke  today s decision from president trump rips legal  tps  status from nearly 200 000 salvadorans  ma…
rt  jmillerwfed  new letter from  hurdonthehill  gerryconnolly  reprobinkelly  repmarkmeadows to each of 24 cfo act agencies 
 estyle9730 net neutrality = free & open internet  fighting to save the internet for consumers & smallbiz 
rt  repmcgovern   realdonaldtrump americans deserve to know the names of every politician who voted against banning assault weapons like on…
proud to stand with  cleanwaternj in our fight to protect & strengthen initiatives that keep our water clean  safe…
this national park week  we recommit to preserving america s open spaces for future generations  monuments for all
rt  votevets    potus shouldn t you be looking for army & navy secretaries this morning  you re a negligent commander-in-chief 
i agree that our military  veterans  and law enforcement deserve our unwavering support  let s pass a long term bud…
i spoke on the house floor moments ago to call attention to the rule that the trump administration is expected to r…
this is why i m pushing for a produce prescription pilot in the next farm bill ⬇️
may the4th be with you — always 
by pulling out of the parisclimateaccord   potus has once again signaled his lack of a commitment to addressing climate change
never mind that zte is a company with which the nsa  fbi  and cia all have cyber security concerns  the pentagon ev…
amazing      portland s grant high school wins national constitution contest and lincoln finishes 3rd  dominating  …
january 10  2018 – coronado elementary school  sierra vista  arizona photo  palominas elementary school district…
  hudgov secretary carson said during an fy19 budget hearing today that the national debt has surpassed  21 trillio…
i ll be on with  jgillannews3lv at 3 00pm and again at 5 00pm discussing the latest on yucca mountain  tune in 
january 15  2018 – wiley college  marshall  texas photo   news_messenger 7/19
rt  clarkcountysch  final pics from last night s congressional arts awards  this time with  dinatitus congressional district 1 winners  the…
rt  wadnr  have you seen the evacuations from the eruption of hawaii s kilauea volcano  washington has 5 active volcanoes that could erup…
each year  cyclists from team26 ride the 400 miles from connecticut to washington  d c  to send a simple message t…
thursday s vote in congress would take food away from at least 133 000 north carolinians |  ncpolicywatch
walking through the hall of fame parade of students at idea mcallen college prep today is one of the most   
  houseforeign is about to mark up my bill with  repedroyce - the women s entrepreneurship & economic empowerment a…
rt  jessica_rannow  thank you to felix of  repmarciafudge s office for the discussion on increasing women and underrepresented minorities i…
5 after letter sent to congress   dhsgov told ig that they were reviewing & would have an answer next week  but con…
very pleased to announce  helpflkids will receive  1 123 067 from  acfhhs  headstartgov to improve early childhood…
i  & other quiet skies caucus members  secured a provision in the newly enacted omnibus bill that directs the  faa… 
congrats to  ucf_football cornerback  _bigmikee1  wide receiver  trequansmithucf  and tight end jordan akins for be…
interesting piece from  ezraklein about the various cases and reasons to impeach trump  i was first to introduce…
rt  epwdems  today   senatorcarper   senwhitehouse joined  repcummings   gerryconnolly   repdonbeyer to share new information on  epascottp…
 salemrotary has been busy organizing triathlons  chili feeds  & school donations  thanks for having me today 
despite what  epascotpruitt claims  the buck stops with him  and his actions are unacceptable  boot pruitt
thanks to  vetsvillagelv for hosting today s mobile office hours  we ll be back the second tuesday of each month 
rt  oceanchampions  ocean champion  rephuffman gives out monthly award to sustainable businesses in his district  h…
i welcome this long overdue decision by the state of ohio to declare lake erie impaired  i hope to see strong and…
rt  reprorights  delegation goals  💪 thank you for being a champion of women s health   repjoecrowley  act for women
the problem isn t welfare  it s wages  millions of americans work 2 or more jobs & still depend on snap to help fee…
rt  mrodcd7  how are you celebrating your earth day 🌎 weekend  join us this saturday  april 21st for a community clean up along glenoaks bl…
town hall update  due to the government shutdown  i m still in washington working with members on both sides of the…
rt  fairvote   those of us who believe in democracy should want a system that works for the people that vote  all of the people   -  repjim…
rt  demsespanol  hoy honramos a las pioneras que han marchado  alzado su voz y luchado por sus derechos y los derechos de los demás  ¡feliz…
promising news for the hard-working people of lorain  ohio  a step forward  but much more work remains ahead to sup…
i always enjoy joining  senjackreed  senwhitehouse to meet with members of the rhode island building and trades cou…
the gop tax law has given huge tax cuts to the rich and corporations while the middle class in states like ct get d…
rt  tammymoralessea  thank you  repjayapal  so glad to have your support for this very important effort 
america s foremost portraitist  gilbert stuart  was a rhode islander  now  rep  cicilline is looking to discover th…
100  law professors recently affirmed  legal authority for the executive branch to operate  daca  is crystal clear 
rt  edfaction  thank you  usrepkcastor for standing up for public health and holding pruitt accountable at yesterday s hearings 
today is the last day to enter the 2018  md05  congressional art competition  students should submit their artwork t…
the wall proposed by  potus is the most fiscally irresponsible way to protect our border 
i intro d the farmers care act w  repblumenauer   repraulgrijalva  &  dwstweets to improve the enviro quality incen…
yesterday i had the distinct pleasure to attend the installation of the new president of ny chapter of the associat…
hear the first excerpt from the audiobook edition of big guns from  simonaudio 
it s in fact great news  good to see more than 40 states across the country have introduced over 500 bills expandin…
el dept  de educación de eu asignó  34m en fondos federales  para los próximos 5 años  en beneficio de estudiantes de 6 universidades de pr 
despite overwhelming public support  president trump s  fcc voted to end net neutrality  i m supporting legislation…
productof mississippi
today i stood at the supreme court to say no muslim ban ever
despite significant progress  hundreds of thousands of women in developing countries continue to die each year of p…
rt  latinojustice  a3  latino voter turnout 10 3 points lower in states w/voter i d law than latinos in states w/out voter id v r a chat
today  i introduced h res821 recognizing the importance of the iconic vietnam veterans memorial  its extraordinary…
epa administrator scott pruitt s serious ethical lapses continue to pile up and he needs to be held accountable  to…
rt  nancypelosi  we are 4 days away from another g o pshutdown   housegop  will you do your job and keep the government open 
i am deeply grateful to  repmiketurner for his support of  hr4005   medicaid reentry act  bill helps states provid…
rt  repjayapal    housejuddems will not stand by and say nothing as  realdonaldtrump attacks and threatens robert mueller or his investigat…
rt  demsespanol  este mesdela mujer honramos a mujeres extraordinarias que rompieron techos de cristal y allanaron el camino para el progre…
joined dem colleagues &  gabbygiffords this morning to honor victims of the las vegas shooting & demand action to…
rt  alyssafranke  just convinced my mom to phonebank for  juliabrownley tomorrow  i m a proud daughter 
i was honored to join the armenian national committee of america   anca_dc   his eminence bishop anoushavan tanieli…
i continue to stand with the brave d r e a mers who represent the very best of our country  thank you to alliance san…
once again  our judicial system has protected us against the cruel immigration policies of this administration  mak…
rt  irsnews  urgent  irs provides an extra day for taxpayers to file  pay their taxes following system issues  file by midnight  april 18 
scott pruitt s ethics issues continue to pile up  monday  the  usgao concluded epa broke the law in constructing pr…
i remain a strong supporter of israel and the two state solution and urge both sides  the palestinians and israelis…
access to clean water is not a privilege  it is a fundamental human right  world water day
receiving the grade of an  f  with the  nra is an  a   in my book  the lives lost to senseless gun violence are in…
i spoke on the floor of the house of representatives this morning to recognize the national day of silence  when st…
rt  jbendery  i asked rep  jackie speier for her thoughts on blake farenthold now becoming a lobbyist   i would hope republicans would stan…
rt  nccu  congratulations  nccu_mbb  nccuathletics on a great season  you ve proven that the impossible is possible with hard work and dedi…
happy easter 
rt  rosadelauro  the  fcc took away a free and open internet  great to see  senatedems are one step closer to a vote to save the internet &…
prince george s county is right for  fbi hq  will do right by fbi  & is ready for fbi  in other words  we are all in for fbi   fbi2md  4/
thanks to the clean air act we ve achieved great progress  our children and our children s children deserve clean air  environmental justice
rt  ap  the latest  african nations shocked  angered by trump 
team m l g stopped by my old stomping grounds   stmikeshorsemen  today for alumni day  go blue 
whether or not president trump s lawyer will admit it  the president wants to end the mueller investigation and vie…
this week my office has delivered over 5 200 valentine s day cards prepared by hoosier school children to veterans…
rt  longbeachcity  celebrate national pet day by treating your doggie 🐶 to some beach 🌊 time at long beach s rosies dog beach on this beautif…
  joshbutnerca50 is a proud democrat who volunteered to serve our country as a navy seal  when the people of  ca50… 
stay up to date with alerts and news from  civildefensehi  hawaiiredcross  hawaii_ema…
during national crime victims  rights week we recognize the wny agencies working every day to support individuals i…
with a buck fifty a week my constituents can t even buy a  dart  or the t ticket to get to work   speakerryan plz share…
rt  nancypelosi  reminder  when  realdonaldtrump says we need to end  chain migration   he means we need to stop making it a priority to ke…
to say that my thoughts and prayers are with the victims of yet another tragic shooting is not enough  it is clear…
 just talking about retirement has helped me remove the political cataracts from my eyes    
work ot  saving for retirement  trying to get a raise  trump doesn t care  a year of trump   potus & his wall street…
thanks  siliconharlem for your tireless effort to connect uptown  congrats on a successful tech conference 
today our country lost a trailblazing fighter dedicated to her service for others  louise was a friend and someone…
rt  repteddeutch  last night  our community stood together with the mourning families  now  we must turn our thoughts and prayers into acti…
equifax announced that an additional 2 4 million americans were impacted by last september s data breach  introduc…
the  fwvp  allows children of fil am vets into the us as they wait for their visas 
let s focus our energy on this concerning development- not the white house correspondents dinner
rt  uoregon  thanks  reppeterdefazio for meeting today with students from score  our mentorship program for students of color in the scienc…
i m for this  how about he visits all the countries addressing climate change in the paris agreement  we ll see you…
what a treat to chat with rincon valley charter school students who stopped by my office  thank you for your engagi…
great meeting with  poracalifornia  i m glad to have their support for my bill to reduce gang violence and recidivi…
i call on my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to come to the table and find real solutions for all americans  trump economy
inspired by students  educators & community leaders who joined us at lincoln park middle school to raise awareness…
any new   should be distributed through the structure of the f a s t act to preserve funding for transit & transportation alternatives  3/
my statement on  secretarycarson s insulting announcement to harm public housing residents & those receiving housin…
the future of an open and free internet is at stake in the fight against the  fcc s repeal of net neutrality  i m p…
our men and women in the armed services deserve our respect for their honorable service regardless of their gender…
amazing crowd tonight  bookrevueli for big guns
get real   realdonaldtrump  since july  democrats have reached across the aisle to work with republicans on at leas…
  joebiden s dad is right   don t tell me what you value  show me your budget  and i ll tell you what you value   t…
that said  this comes six months into the fiscal year  short-term  crisis-driven legislating is the most expensive…
president trump has consistently demonstrated his ignorance of the complexity of the world s challenges and today s…
government shutdown release   both parties compromised on important priorities in negotiating this agreement    in…
from israel to jordan to afghanistan  last week s journey led by  nancypelosi was eye-opening  here are some of the…
house republican year-end goals 
   have significant economic  ecological  and environmental benefit could be fully funded  1  the deepening of the port of brownsville   
after exploding the debt by nearly  2 trillion with their g o p tax scam  republicans are intent on using a radical  b…
the details of this report are disturbing & unacceptable  it also underscores why congressional oversight in this p…
rsvp today and come help us celebrate the opening of our new rockford location with a ribbon cutting this thursday …
 50% of ny state tax cuts will go to the wealthiest 5%   -nicole gill   taxmarch  where does that leave the majorit…
rt  lifelongwa  excited to recognize  repjimmcdermott for being a long-time champion for people living with  hiv  a i d s watch
fake trump infrastructure plan will do nothing to fix our crumbling bridges  roads and tunnels  democrats have…
rt  earthworks    repcartwright the c l e a n e r act forces oil and gas to play by the same rules as other industries  fracking
heading over to an important hearing at the house armed services committee – will be questioning defense secretary…
all 675  this investigation is critical to the strength of our democratic process and defense of our national secur…
so proud of my niece carrie mclane burkett and her husband matty burkett for winning the women s and men s team inf…
we ve seen more courage from these students in the past week then congress has ever had in dealing with the gun epi…
happy birthday   girlscouts  cheers to building girls of courage  confidence  and character  who have been civicall…
when we said that a medieval wall along the u s -mexico border does not belong in the 21st century  we meant it  t…
few know more and care more about veterans than will fischer and  votevets  watch will explain why the push for pri…
winnie mandela leaves behind a legacy of bravery and a tireless commitment to freedom  equality  and justice  she…
gave the keynote address during the modsim leadership expo this morning in norfolk  pictured with dr  thomas mastag…
joined n ved students in solidarity at  unlv national school walkout to say enough is enough end gun violence…
dr  king taught us to recognize the dignity and worth of every human being  he was the moral compass of our nation  i have a dream
i was pleased to welcome and meet with leaders of the minnesota muslim community  their agenda is my agenda  end th…
blasted so-called balanced budget amendment as phony effort to promote fiscal responsibility  republicans burned do…
rt  csccancerpolicy  64% of oncologists said reimbursement rules for oral chemotherapy limited their ability to offer those therapies   hr1… 
deadline this friday  march 9  don t miss your chance to submit your public comment about the administration s offs…
thank you armed services chair  macthornberry for having the courage to  counsel against  abandoning the iran deal …
rt  repyvetteclarke  i was proud to join my house tech accountability caucus colleagues  reprobinkelly  repbonnie and  repcleaver on urging…
stay safe out there today 
great meeting with the  nationalgrange s gordon gibson from vernon yesterday  we had the opportunity to discuss of…
important reminder  nearly 1 in 4 women - and 1 in 7 men - aged 18 and older have been the victim of severe physica…
trump s budget slashes funding for diplomacy  right when we need it most  as now-defense secretary mattis once sai…
it s not shocking that wh didn t vet va nominee jackson  this is a pattern of incompetence  remember porter and fly…
rt  rulesdemocrats   repmcgovern   let me state this as clearly and as plainly as i can  the majority of people on  snap  who are expected t…
 mclogic78 actually  juan has to apply to college as an international student  despite having gone to school in the…
this morning i joined  plechevarria on  cspanwj to talk about healthcare  sgrfix and medicare  watch here 
by adding an untested citizenship question to the 2020 census the trump admin is taking another destructive step t…
reporting on the ethnic cleansing of the rohingya is not a crime  burmese authorities must release wa lone & kyaw s…
rt  nytopinion  is scott pruitt the worst member of trump s cabinet 
proud to see the inland empire leading the way in creating good paying jobs and manufacturing 
rt  radioboston  miss the show  hear  nikiinthehouse on her time in congress  why  abbymnorman wants you to ask her about her uterus  and  …
 dyk  there are 2 1 million farms across america s rural landscape and about 99% of u s  farms are operated by famil…
as trump works to strip access to healthcare  our strike force in california stands ready  via  pw_cunningham
democrats have their own  realsheriffjoe    his name is  repohalleran
rt  studentlegalnet  bipartisan group of lawmakers   repbonamici   reprobbishop   repjaredpolis &  repmialove  soundly reject  usedgov atte…
55 years ago today  129 sailors and civilians perished aboard the uss thresher  among those lost were many granite…
trump chose to end daca  we want to solve the problem that he created  but speaker ryan has caved to far-right extr…
now let s get to taxpayer-funded travel  part ii of administrator scott pruitt s endless list of abuses  misconduct…
proud to be one of 200 cosponsors of bipartisan legislation to strengthen our background check system and close the…
jane s self-portrait depicts her life-like presence on a geometric cityscape   albacademy  cac2018… 
the  fcc s decision to repeal net neutrality is devastating to our nation s freedom of speech  i will continue to op…
sessions continues to embrace fantasy instead of facts for drug policies 
3/ that doesn t benefit our country  and that certainly doesn t benefit the farmers and working families in delaware  2018 farm bill
taking away net neutrality gives telecom companies control over which websites and services consumers can access  w…
as we remember dr  king on the 50th anniversary of his death  i want to share one of his speeches that resonates to…
the emissions standards put in place in 2012 would have cut carbon dioxide emissions and fuel costs  strong standar…
rt  caltransdist7  skirball fire - nb i-405 2 right lanes remain closed at getty center dr  for fire department until further notice - nb i…
this apprenticeship week2017  congress should focus on expanding apprenticeship programs and ensuring that all stu…
~20% increase in hate crimes  3% increase in healthcare premiums per family  assault on women s rights muslim…
my bill countered china s cheating around rare earth element exports by getting the us in the game   gopleader and…
veterans deserve nothing less than a va secretary who has the requisite management experience  knowledge of the iss…
rt  plymouthstate  last week  plymouth state s center for young children and families warmly welcomed congresswoman  repanniekuster who ca…
 you must not mistreat or oppress foreigners in any way  remember  you yourselves were once foreigners in the land…
rt  aarpms  state director   kimberlylcampb3  state president gwen prater &   joyceann88 talked with guy king  legislative assistant to u s…
 this congress & this administration likely will go down as one of the most fiscally irresponsible administrations…
as co-chair of the kidney caucus and a member of the caucus for women s issues  i joined the  kidneyfund today in t…
  nhhouseofreps did the right thing & voted to continue expanded medicaid  failure to do so would have threatened a…
rt  johnkerry  could not be more proud to announce randy berry as first-ever special envoy for the human rights of  lgbt  persons 
rt  tpm  dems grill zinke about native american reassignments
it was great to discuss ways to improve our transportation & infrastructure w/ fresno c o g during their d c  visit…
rt  repadamschiff  translation  the special counsel may have just indicted someone close to me  help  republicans in congress do something …
rt  repjohnyarmuth  just like trumpcare & the g o p tax scam before it  the trump budget will force america s working families to pay the pric…
proud to cosponsor this important bill   snda 
if the president is sincere about helping veterans  he must work to  -provide better mental health care -create g…
happy mothers day to all the mothers and grandmothers celebrating with their families today and especially to my be…
rt  repvaldemings  we asked  fl10  students what would make them feel safe at school  they all said that there should be a level of consiste…
rt  benyc    repswalwell   firing rod rosenstein to me is the same as firing bob mueller  
just in  hearing of evacuations in sausalito near the spencer avenue exit  will update as we learn more
it s time for the house to step up and do our jobs by debating a bipartisan  daca  solution   repjeffdenham s bipart…
rt  houseadm_dems  join us at 1pm for an oversight hearing of the house officers  topics  campus/cyber security  voting  etc  watch now  ht…
joined  repjohnlewis & my friend & former colleague  gabbygiffords to honor the las vegas shooting victims & demand…
i would like to thank  reprichmond and the many members of the  officialcbc along with  repjoecrowley and others in…
rt  senatorbaldwin  we need to put america to work rebuilding our infrastructure and strong buy american standards need to be at the founda…
happy mothers day to every mom  & to my wife  brittany  who is celebrating her 1st  all she wanted to do was sleep…
congratultions to  des_linden on becoming the first american woman to win the boston marathon in 33 years  what an…
🚨   realdonaldtrump is profiting off the presidency  case in point ⬇️ https //t co/x367kfgslt
wonderful to spend time with  dupontmanual student shreeya arora at the  uscapitol today  shreeya was ky-03 s winne…
join me wednesday  april 18th at 6 30 for this year s first telephone townhall for the chance to ask questions and…
rt  unicef  these two sisters collect dirty water from the nile every day in south sudan  soon they won t have to… world water day
check out our latest newsletter  holding pruitt and the epa accountable
i was proud to join  mazonusa for their national hunger seder this week to bring attention to these critical issues…
proud to join my colleagues today and call for action to reduce gun violence  we cannot afford more empty promises …
it is incredibly easy to buy a gun in the united states  even compared to countries like russia  israel  and china …
need proof this is political  house intelligence voted to declassify the memo today  sending it to  potus for appro…
again and again  realdonaldtrump spreads lies and conspiracy theories about voter fraud and the great state of…
these are just a few of the reasons i will be voting no on the g o p tax bill
great meeting president  emmanuelmacron during today s joint meeting of congress 
rt  abc7newsbayarea  congressman  repdesaulnier wants to make sure that near-misses like the one with air canada at sfo don t happen anymor…
 realdonaldtrump action begs question  where was  realdonaldtrump s focus on  law & order  last week when he pardon…
barbara bush was an extraordinary woman  as the wife & mother to presidents  an indefatigable woman  an author  & a…
hud spent  31k on a dining room set for ben carson s office  the epa spent  43k to install a private phone booth in…
the average age of our nation s bridges is 42 years old  most were built with the expectation of a 50-year life span  fix the fund 3/
rt  chiurbanleague  director of workforce  andrew wells  on capitol hill in washington  d c  this morning speaking the u s  house of repres…
my dad and i went to see star wars last night  we left the lightsabers at home though  we had a blast no spoilers
this morning  i questioned secretary of defense mattis on the trump administration s way forward in syria 
today   12  i will speak from the u s  house floor to honor the life of  edgecombecounty deputy david manning  who…
fact  7 children & teens are killed w/guns in the  us  on an average day town hall for our lives natick
great to honor my friend   eddiefortexas last night in east austin 
congrats to dr  amy alzina for winning the 2018 congressional woman of the year award  dr  alzina is principal & su…
rt  biggreenpen  acronyms i heard at saturday s farmers roundtable with  repallawsonjr  and rep  collin peterson   nap  elap  rma  arc  plc…
proud to stand with democratic caucus chairman  repjoecrowley and vice chair  replindasanchez to discuss our agend…
rt  repbobbyrush  we can protect the environment and promote innovation through strong fuel economy and auto ghg emissions standards  that…
this is the right decision  our seacoast communities deserve answers about how pfc contamination is impacting their…
thanks to all of you that advocated for this bill  while this is the 1st step in lawmaking   repcurbelo and i are…
may 30th workshop  hosted by vietnam veteran & pastor andzel  will include information from  aarpny and…
after adding  2t to the deficit with their g o p tax scam  congressional republicans and the administration now want t…
great news for our transgender men and women in uniform who stand ready to make the ultimate sacrifice for our cou…
pleased to announce successful work to expand high-speed internet in ca-36  we must close the digital divide and un…
our nation owes a debt to these families and to all of those who suffered from preventable mass shootings  the soon…
 rep  rice i feel that the law should change because of all these shooting that happen at schools are really a nigh…
d r e a mers are hardworking college students and members of our armed services  they enrich our communities with thei…
teen suicide has turned into an epidemic in america  that s why i introduced hr 3552  the cady housh and jason flat…
even with recent electoral success in red states like missouri and alabama  we must stay energized  this article sh…
fun fact  south jersey is now home to not one  but two super bowl mvp quarterbacks   joeflacco &  nfoles_9 …
rt  thinktechhi  special guest  repmarktakai shares his work on clean transportation & renewable energy
always enjoy speaking w ct s submarine suppliers  there are 400  statewide submarine suppliers  including nearly 10…
on world aids day  we remember those we have lost to hiv/aids and honor their memory by recommitting to end a i d s2030   wad2017 
rt  officialcbc  today is the day  tweet us using the hashtag c b c demands justice to ask a question or comment  members will start answering…
rt  fla_pol  d c  officials  ted deutch call marco rubio a hypocrite  phony for his d c  gun bill  scottfist fla po…
conservatives  won  on health care by ensuring higher prices and premiums for hardworking americans  what kind of w…
my staff attended today s open house at the lyle c  pearson va clinic in mankato  dav chapter 10 unveiled a plaque…
almost exactly 10 years ago  the largest raid in history happened in postville  iowa and today talking with tenness…
rt  oversightdems  just in   repcummings requests documents on trump administration campaign to scrub women s health info from hhs websites…
continuing to commemorate the 242nd birthday of the us marine corps in falmouth 
we must prepare future generations for available jobs by closing the skills gap and giving them the tools they need…
trump pardons  scooter  libby in cia leak case  libby leak
rt  buflawjournal  erie county family court judge lisa bloch rodwin was named the 2018 winner of the lois haight award of excellence and in…
rt  gkbutterfield    officialcbc delegation is at  merrittcollege to discuss techquity and education  tune in at 7 pm et/4 pt to watch liv…
happening now  hipsi hearing to learn more about russia s use of social media to exert influence in the  16 election
rt  hanscom_afb  today is military spouse appreciation day  a day to recognize the role military spouses play in keeping our armed forces str…
first lady barbara bush is a shining example of public service  her grace and humor set an example for the nation …
rt  sisterquincy   those of us fighting for peace and justice  we need to be louder    repmcgovern
no one in america should have to decide between putting food on the table and paying for the life-saving medication…
rt  repjohnlarson  ⚡️newsflash  social security is insurance that the american people have paid for  10k baby boomers a day become eligible…
rt  ricksmithshow   ricksmithshow  jduckham  talkmedianews  funder  thedemcoalition  reprokhanna  kharyp no r a no r a4 u s a  alyssa_milano htt…
rt  tonijannotta  gave a plaque 2  juliabrownley at gi m d  grammyadvocacy great support  tks again 
terrible news out of florida  my heart goes out to the students and their families and my thoughts are with all the…
great to see  osuprezdrake in dc for the 2018  ohiostate scarlet and gray breakfast   oh  go bucks 
rt  repjoecourtney  i met with several brave students from parkland  fl who survived the horrific shooting at marjory stoneman douglas hs…
rt  repcohen  tune in to  msnbc today at 1 00pmet/12 00pmct for my conversation w/ alexwitt on  mlk50  &the historic week ahead  potential v…
the deadline to nominate someone for the congressional woman of the year award has been extended to monday  march 1…
i am deeply saddened to hear of the passing of my colleague and friend congresswoman louise slaughter  she was a tr…
the top priority of any fostercare placement must be the child s wellbeing & safety  today i introduced a bill to…
rt  usprogressives  this evening cpc vice chair  keithellison will lead our special order hour on the house floor to urge members of congre…
we had some great discussions over the long weekend  thanks to all those who came out to bagel cafe and deli in bur…
having to decide between paying rent & buying food is unacceptable  that s why i oppose president trump s requested…
it was great meeting with the students from santa maria high school visiting dc today  these impressive students ar…
rt  isisdill22  currently at the congressional black caucus in sf  excited to hear the speakers  black in tech
delaney cosponsors legislation to restore dea ability to fight opioid epidemic
 rockthevote discriminatory & harmful voter id laws which target minority communities & deprive their constitutional right to vote  v r a chat
i spoke to the national association of farm broadcasting about my disappointment in the partisan farm bill  i hope…
black women make  0 63 for every  1 earned by a man  at the end of the day  this means less rent & food on the tabl…
today on holocaust remembrance day  we remember all the innocent lives lost and honor the survivors of this dark per…
over past 2yrs of  gop  house  there has been no bills to prevent us companies from renouncing their american citizenship to dodge taxes  3/
today s tax bill will dramatically worsen our nation s income inequality crisis  when inequality rises  the whole e…
how can democrats negotiate with  realdonaldtrump  says he s the best negotiator in the world  but when bipartisan…
today i urged the appropriations committee to require all flags purchased by dod to be american made  the flag is o…
gung hay fat choy and a happy yearofthe dog to all who are celebrating the chinese new year 
mayor claudia thomas paved the way for many other civic leaders in lakewood and pierce county  she will be greatly…
as we celebrate the life and legacy of dr  king  let us not forget the sacrifices made and continue to stand by our…
congratulations to mueller on the 13 indictments  you re doing a great job  don t stop  i ve always believed you could connect the dots 
trump s first  sotu  tune into  mynews13 afterward to hear the progressive perspective  by me  on trump s  agen…
teaching health centers provide a vital service to underserved communities across the country  and i am proud to su…
today is national farmers day  because of our farmers  ga is 1 in chicken  peanuts  pecans  blueberries  and pine …
met with representatives from disabled american veterans of california this week in my washington  dc office  than…
i hosted a farmers roundtable to address issues affecting the nation s agricultural industry  i met with local…
happy national nurses week  thank you to the incredibly hardworking nurses who play vital role in our healthcare sys…
my prayers go out to all impacted by the storm in ga & al monday night  for assistance w/electrical outages  visit
thank you to all the members of my diversity advisory committee who could join me  ricnews for another great discus…
fantastic progress for diversity   uc  admits more californians & historically underrepresented groups as freshman & transfer students 
rt  reprobinkelly  there are already too many empty chairs at the dinner table  congress must listen to the will of the people & take actio…
scott pruitt s time at epa has been mired with secrecy  waste of taxpayer  s  and widespread conflicts of interest …
orlando las vegas texas too many tragedies to name-how many must we lose before acting on common sense gun safety bills texas church massacre
major cloud said   this is an unlawful march  it will not be allowed to continue   selma52
on yom hashoah  the traditional jewish holocaust remembrance day  we mourn the six million jews and countless other…
hanging with mayor frey and councilmember ellison at minnroast  good times 
rt  saraminzadeh  honored to represent  thecacoast and stand with local and federal leaders at today s congressional hearing to oppose off…
rt  nataliebrandk5  statement from  repdennyheck on house intelligence committee on expulsion of russian diplomats and closure of consulate…
net neutrality is about protecting fairness  openness  access  and competition 
estoy complacido con la respuesta a la solicitud de propuestas ​​sobre medidas q el gob federal puede tomar para reactivar la economía de pr
rt  billclinton  as he s shown his entire life  don t bet against john mccain  best wishes to him for a swift recovery 
are you as worried about the aca as i am  sign up today for this thunderclap to help spread the word about this   
greatly enjoyed meeting with students from  iunorthwest as they visited our nation s capital this past month  i ap…
rt  blavity  now you know auntie maxine had a clapback sitting on ready for 45  😂👏🏾https //t co/pjcvmpwygt
and thank you for your continued advocacy to end domestic violence 
rt  rulesdemocrats  non-partisan experts  uscbo estimate that  about 265 000 children would lose access to free school meals  under  houseg…
rt  whiphoyer    realdonaldtrump & congressional republicans said their g o p tax scam wouldn t benefit the wealthy  but the numbers tell a di…
tune in  tothecontrary this morning at 9 30am in dc area  check your local listings  or watch any time online at …
minnesota women make just 83 cents for every dollar a man makes  if we don t act to enforce equal pay for women  mi…
mueller is investigating an attack on our democracy by a foreign power and if any americans were involved  one woul…
rt  neighbornews  douglas congressman honors county residents nominated to attend three of nation s military service academies 
rt  necouncil  6 bills on the wall signed by trump  and 5 signed by obama  repesty tells today s attendees  things are getting done 
filling the  stem  job skills gap will generate 110 000 jobs and  800 million in local and state tax revenue in wa s…
the trump admin is ignoring the majority s wishes  trampling the public interest & further lining the pockets of bi…
this bill would authorize the substance abuse and mental health services administration to develop best practices f…
hey  potus  97% support background checks for all gun buyers  it s literally the least we can do in the face of thi…
if there was any question whether the g o p tax scam is for the benefit of big banks & major corporations instead of h…
everyone likes tax cuts  but the republican tax bill gives most of them to scrooge  not bob cratchit 
on earth day  let s remember that protecting the planet for future generations does not need to keep americans out…
if you missed it -- you can read my remarks as delivered here
organizations like  marysplacewa are doing incredible work providing homeless women and children with a safe commun…
i co-sponsored a bipartisan amendment today to  fisa  to require that the government obtains a warrant before search…
on world aids day  i m celebrating the advances in medicine & education that are slowing the spread of hiv & recomm…
•momsdontneed cruel immigration policies and raids that tear their families apart  when immigrants thrive  our nat…
rt  marahumphrey  thank you  usrepricknolan for your support of credit unions  constituents from  midmn_fcu  minncocu  memberscoopcu  affin…
mark zuckerberg admitted facebook made  mistakes  in the cambridge analytica data scandal  that s why i m requestin…
women-owned businesses make up 39% of new mexico s companies and account for just over 5% of the state s business r…
i m at  aesymposium to discuss importance of arctic to u s  & world  us must play long game on arctic policy to pro…
thank you for your service  military appreciation month 🇺🇸
aloha   tulsipress and i set to honor  senatorakaka on the house floor this morning at ~ 7 10 am hst  watch online…
my condolences to lana s family  friends  and her  wbznewsradio and  wbz family  who are already having an incredib…
testifying at the house veterans affairs committee about funding priorities for our district  including supporting…
thank you to the  insulatorsunion for stopping by 
rt  tosaveenergy  thanks to  repcartwright   peterwelch for pushing bipartisan bill to help public schools improve energy efficiency
rt  jonathantamari    repbrady -obama call for criminal justice reform  resonates  in philly   too many young ppl caught in poverty  crimin…
it was an honor to meet with  phconshon general joselito a  jimeno  who just took over following a posting in berne…
4 years ago  276 girls were abducted in chibok  nigeria  last week  110 girls were abducted in dapchi  nigeria  t…
president trump s decision to congratulate president putin on russia s clearly illegitimate election further demons…
in my recent  rtdopinions op-ed i highlight the importance of prioritizing water quality in our communities with th…
rt  corey_friedman  in congressional hearing  rep   gkbutterfield grills  facebook ceo mark zuckerberg on diversity hiring and retention pr…
please keep all those affected and their loved ones in your thoughts 
i look forward to displaying the winning art submission in the capitol and bringing a little more of the fifth dist…
teachers in west virginia and across the country are chronically underpaid and struggling to provide for their fami…
from better wages and benefits to safer working conditions and more reasonable hours  organized labor has secured m…
rt  kamalaharris  was great to meet the incredible naomi wadler  an inspiring 11-year-old march for our lives activist  every day  young peop…
black history month is a time for reflection and resolve  i urge all my fellow americans to reflect on our long and…
i joined  davidgura on  msnbc to discuss letter i sent to trump to demand scott pruitt s removal from  epa   pay rai…
the decision to send troops to our southern border is costly & careless  it would cost us billions and detract from…
next week  rep  shimkus will bring his screw nevada 2 0 bill to the floor  this legislation to rubber-stamp the lic…
will you join me in taking a stand against bullying today  all students should feel safe in schools regardless of i…
proud of you zach and congrats on great running td  but     go army 
yemen is being struck by catastrophic famine that has left millions of people without adequate food  trump should c…
56 years ago today  i was one of 13 original participants who set out on the freedom rides to end segregated buses…
bipartisanship for the kids
i have said that the house ought to work its will on legislation to protect d r e a mers  and i m proud 245 republicans…
rt  reptimwalz  2 million people will have their access to food threatened if the  housegop passes their hyper-partisan farm bill  that s…
ginny craven has improved the lives of thousands  working hard to serve our men and women in uniform both when they…
it s abhorrent that those who are willing to lay down their lives for our country are faced with deportation when t…
it is absolutely critical to recognize childhood adversity and work to create positive  healthy and nurturing envir…
looking for inspiration  look no further than these students  their parents  and my district office staff who woke…
i am glad that president trump realizes that pulling out of tpp was a massive mistake  it turns out that turning ou…
a big congratulations to our newest member of the house  congressman conor lamb  he s going to be an amazing partne…
on this historically significant day for sikhs  i m wishing our sikh american friends a happy vaisakhi 
rt  reprobinkelly  russia attacked our 2016 election to help  realdonaldtrump become president  why is the trump administration hiding doc…
 studiojones1 net neutrality = free & open internet  fighting to save the internet for consumers & smallbiz 
team dutch s ashley was on hand this morning at the grand opening of the new riverside/  belcamp branch of the…
wishing first lady melania trump a fast recovery following her surgery 
we cannot allow our honduran neighbors to be sent back into grave danger  violence in honduras dramatically increas…
rt  cspan  cspan top10 number 1   repalgreen calls for the impeachment of the president of the united states of america 
rt  eastbaycitizen  ernie powell  social security advocate  says ballplayer making  20m/yr fully pays into ss by their 4th at-bat  cap need…
rt  repteddeutch  the  nra is a shining example of how money is corrupting our democracy and endangering our citizens  watch this  voxdotco…
a mind to work  
florida faced yet another dreadful school shooting in ocala today  on a day students partake in…
  epascottpruitt was asked how many investigations he is under and he was unable to answer  i guess when you are un…
rt  lwvmd    replowenthal sharing his experience on fighting gerrymandering in ca and standing by the position  if we represent the people…
we must protect an accurate 2020census from being subverted for trump s political purposes 
the trump admin must come to n korea summit  if there is one  with a clear understanding of history  see  1994  200…
here are 3 reasons why republicans should get behind  barackobama s executive immigration action -  gop  pass a bill
wishing the incomparable ruth bader ginsburg a happy 85th birthday  she has been relentless in the fight for women …
full statement here 
1 in 3 women will experience sexual violence in her lifetime  during sexual assault awareness month & every month  le…
we have a moral obligation to ensure future generations have access to cleanair cleanwater and a safe  stable…
rt  senatorhaywood   watch   last week   repdwightevans   repizzy   phfatweets   rhlspa   rtphiladelphia  west oak l…
rt if you agree  clean drinking water should be a basic human right  dont forget flint
cole micek was killed in a hit-and-run on the terminal island freeway  the  lbpd is asking the public for help ide…
since september  i and other democrats have withheld our support for must-pass spending  debt ceiling and spending…
happy 106th birthday   girlscouts  and many thanks for always walking with me in parades on constitution avenue  yo…
rt  jamesmartinsj   i was a stranger and you did not welcome me    mt 25 
it was a pleasure to meet with consul general of israel to the pacific northwest  shlomi kofman  to discuss the str…
rt  countyofsb  evacuation update  interactive evacuation map is back up and running  the map is available at for…
congress needs to understand what happened in flint and prevent it from ever happening again flint water crisis
supreme court just put the brakes on president trump s efforts to end  daca   dreamers still deserve a permanent sol…
productive roundtable today with community college students & financial aid directors about ways to make education…
rt  hfacdemocrats  rm  repeliotengel s opening remarks on the iran deal in today s committee hearing 
research has repeatedly demonstrated that military veterans are approximately twice as likely to die from  als   a p…
i m always impressed to meet the students from ct s first district at our annual student congressional reception  i…
rt  seattlepi  orcas swim in elliott bay on sunny monday afternoon
thank you jess herrera for joining me this morning in oxnard to get out the vote   ca26 
supreme court justice ruth bader ginsburg s determined persistence over decades for women s rights and equality is…
rt  juliabrownley26  four years later  the flint water crisis is still not over  dont forget flint
the g o p tax scam puts wealthiest 1% & companies that outsource jobs ahead of middle-class families & america s senio…
moms earn 70 cents of what dads do each year  that means they have to work past mother s day to earn what dads earn…
attn veterans  my staff will be at  cuboulder - center for community  c4c  on the 3rd floor from 11 a m  - 2 p m  t…
as a  uhouston alumnus  i m proud of what coach sampson and the  uhcougarmbk team accomplished this season and i lo…
the untimely assassination may have cut short his life  but it failed to silence dr  king  whose indomitable spirit…
rt  usnationalguard  please join us in sending thoughts and prayers to these nine  prnationalguard airmen  their families  friends  loved o…
my statement on tonight s u s  airstrikes in syria 
i support  njhesaa for standing against sec  devos  decision to remove state oversight of student loan companies  d…
honored to address crowd   nat l civil rights museum  ncrmuseum in memphis for  mlk50  &to support…
the latest chemical weapons attack against the syrian people was a brutally inhuman war crime  yet one night of air…
what will congress do to hold  realdonaldtrump accountable  i m about to tell  donlemon on  cnntonight at 11 05pmpt 
you are innocent until proven guilty unless your immigration judge needs to hit a quota  in that case  you ll be gu…
inspired and impressed by the interns in our el paso office — so thoughtful  so engaged  so dedicated to doing righ…
it also fails to prohibit the use of information collected by section 702 in any administrative proceedings  including immigration courts 
today  congresswoman kathleen rice contacted the u s  capitol police  as well as surgeon general jerome adams  aski…
it already is 
rt  senschumer  on average  women are paid 80¢ for every  1 paid to a white man  does that sound fair  no  way  speak out & tweet equalp…
honored to join my foreign affairs committee colleagues and host his majesty king abdullah ii ibn al-hussein of the…
as a member of the house armed services committee  i am deeply concerned that this decision could provoke increased…
rt  am2dm  live now on  am2dm   kentucky s  repjohnyarmuth is breaking down trump s proposed budget 
i just wish sam numberg would come out of his shell and finally open up 
the  nra has always mislabeled gun reform efforts as freedom versus tyranny  that s nonsense 
joining  stephmillershow at 10 30 to talk about yesterday s national student walkout and the march for our lives
rt  smacna  rep   donaldnorcross  d-nj  on pensionreform & retirement   you are at risk  the cost of doing nothing will crush you  we need…
it s that time of year again  the 2018 congressional art competition gives students in  ny09  an opportunity to expr…
congrats  hawaiiathletics  hawaiimbb for making it to the n c a a tournament   rcncaa16  lets dance go bows my bracket 
had a great time vising dallas today to meet with local rotarians  thanks for your commitment to this community 
icymi  president trump s proposal to cut  213 billion from nutrition programs is unacceptable  we should be working…
rt  laurenhipp   we have power  and specifically women have power  this is the opportunity we have    repjayapal keepmarching  momsrising…
rt  natlparkservice  the national park service celebrates the accomplishments of women throughout the year  visit a multitude of park sites…
 phillydotcom the future of our city is in the opportunities of our children  great way to signal real hope for cha…
congratulations to vandenberg afb on their new solar array system  their decision to go solar is an exciting step t…
rt  econjared  i d like to propose a simple  common-sense rule  if you voted for the tax cut  you don t get to complain about the deficit …
i am keenly aware of troubling incidents involving the use of force by some officers around the county  the overwhe…
thank you to everyone who made our new  mercedcounty behavioral health & recovery services center possible  and to…
here you go admitting that you re trying to end  daca  even as you try to blame others  take some responsibility  st…
congratulations representative-elect lamb  this democratic victory in a deeply red district makes it clear that vot…
wishing a happy and joyous orthodox easter to all everybody celebrating the holiday today 
a2  our country must redouble its efforts to make healthcare accessible  affordable  and appropriate for everyone i…
if you would like to serve in this capacity  see here for more information 
 realdonaldtrump announced today that he will purposefully spike  aca  premiums for millions of people  my statement 
in the united states  the current counselor-to-student ratio in our public schools is 482 to 1  that s almost doubl…
rt  whiphoyer    realdonaldtrump & congressional republicans said their g o p tax scam wouldn t benefit the wealthy  but the numbers tell a di…
go  goldenknights    vegas born stanley cup
the senate must stand up for the va & the veterans it serves by refusing to confirm adm  jackson unless he publicly…
lowey to mulvaney  do you really believe that after spending countless hrs of precious legis time already this yr 2…
dick s took a principled stance to stop selling assault-style rifles and set minimum age to 21  and their decision…
 as with many cases before alton  the system has prioritized absolving the perpetrators instead of vigorously seeki…
always great to be at  nylcv annual gala  thank you for everything you do on behalf of the environment and conserv…
honored to join a delegation of my colleagues attending the summit of the americas this weekend  where i will be di…
rt  senbillnelson  got a firsthand look at the caño martín peña ecosystem restoration project in puerto rico today  this project is designe…
no one gun law will prevent every shooting in our country  but there are actions we can take to reduce gun violence…
tune in to hear from experts on how our changing climate affects coastal communities like pinellas  great to have s…
rt  repjoekennedy  tune in right now on facebook as i deliver the democratic s o t u response from fall river 
rt  repmcgovern  news   repmcgovern leads group of 18  housedemocrats urging  housebudgetgop to protect  snap  hunger funding 
rt  mayorbowser  tomorrow   eleanornorton   chmnmendelson   agkarlracine and i will discuss the impacts of federal gun legislation on dc re…
i m up  here s the livestream for my questions with facebook ceo mark zuckerberg
rt  delkids  us representative lisa blount rochester introduces carla benson green as the distinguished service award recipient  repbroche…
this is outrageous  the american people deserve so much better than a  housegop that is intent on covering up for…
we cannot allow the trump administration to turn  bbggov into a propaganda machine  via  tpm
i am proud to support full funding for afg and safer grants  so our local fire stations are able to obtain the trai…
congress has a duty to uphold the constitution of the united states and all of the fundamental rights  including th…
rt  marylandpirg  maryland congressmen  repsarbanes  bencardinformd  chrisvanhollen  stenyhoyer  repcummings  repraskin  repanthonybrown  c…
rt  barackobama  let s leave our children and grandchildren a planet that s healthier than the one we have today  act on climate
 scotus  denies  potus  request to hear  daca  case  lower court injunctions stick  and dreamers can continue to ren…
rt  mayorbowser  tonight is a big night for dc as the  capitals take on tampa bay and the  nationals host the  yankees  i want fans to focu…
6 months after maria  the people of puerto rico and the  usvi  still need our help  we need  fema & the trump administ…
9/11  on this painful anniversary we reflect on the nearly 3000 lives lost  their families & our courageous first responders never forget
  speakerryan  when will working americans see a 17% pay increase  doesn t look like your tax scam does anything bu…
rt  sensanders  tonight  along with a great panel  i will discuss alternatives to the hawkish washington foreign policy establishment that…
this lopsided giveaway to the wealthiest individuals and corporations will explode the debt by  1 45 trillion  sett…
trump heralding the rise of hate  listen to reveal  very important 
this is the second in a series of bills i m introducing that will help expand broadband access in local communities…
today  my office was honored to facilitate a promotion ceremony at the u s  capitol for heather and david gedutis a…
touring the coupeville  bgclubssc to learn about before and after school programs  the nonprofit helps 325 folks aged 5-18 
 cnr2016   for a full list of hi schools w/community eligibility visit  hidoe808 website here→https //t co/fdiix8vmrz
the bounds of our gun safety debate may finally be changing  we will not stop until our laws change  too 
on november 14  1972  the dow jones industrial average closed above 1 000 for the first time   dowjones  otdih 
 jonlovett hi jon  👋 i got your map right here 
souls2 enroll souls to enroll get covered a c aworks
including a citizenship question in the 2020 census only serves to suppress participation & will result in inaccura…
hunger impacts far too many children and families in new hampshire and across the country  as we consider the 2018…
shocking to hear this from someone with the twitter name  i hit girls w/cars 
i am outraged  but not surprised  that scott pruitt s anti-science epa is suppressing research that would shed ligh…
rt  thebeatdc    reprichmond   repgregorymeeks   repbeatty  and  repdwightevans want to know why treasury wants to weaken a program aimed t…
i am delighted to send aldo solano to attend trump s state of the union address in my place  trump s disastrous pol…
great to participate in the navy league s wounded warfighter lone sailor run to support our servicemembers  baldwin…
according to the congressional task force on election security  our electoral system is  highly vulnerable   4/
rt  dicks  at the same time  we implore our elected officials to enact common sense gun reform and pass the following regulations 
i want to thank  replowenthal for signing on as a cosponsor of the house bill to save net neutrality …
the withdrawal from the iran nuclear deal will damage our credibility & isolate the united states from the intl comm…
the president is careening us toward what i fear will be a constitutional crisis  mr  president  here is my red lin…
thanks for sharing alyssa with our office   missionechs 
it s tax day and we re speaking out against the g o p tax scam 
in the short term  trump may appease his base with this decision  but the continued degradation of our humanitarian…
it was a pleasure visiting the students and staff of canton union school district 66 to see how they re implementi…
rt  nwsnewyorkny  good morning  our latest briefing is available regarding today s nor easter  heavy wet snow  gusty winds and coastal floo…
words cannot express how honored i felt in giving  anthonybgonzal  star of  pixarcoco  the  hhfoundation s inspira…
went over to the senate this morning to deliver a message to hhs  secazar  stop trying to destroy the teen pregnanc…
palm springs police officer jose  gil  vega palm springs police officer lesley zerebny end of watch  october 8  20…
as our nation celebrates m l k day  i ll be honoring the life & legacy of dr  martin luther king jr at community events…
thank you everyone who attended my town hall in lafayette county yesterday  we discussed a number of issues facing…
today  i stood in solidarity with rosa morban  another brave woman in the metoo movement  times up
 bhm  spotlight  rock and roll hall of fame inductee charles brown was a trailblazer for mixing swing  blues  and ha…
rt  farmpodcaster  congrats to  collinpeterson for ethanol award 
yesterday i met with the president of national tank carriers to discuss streamlining regulations for the trucking i…
congratulations go to the  goldenknights for their 3-1 victory over the jets in the western conference finals  keep…
support your local transgender community on  tdor  giving support to those in need and remember those who have been…
prez  macroninenglish boldly asserts  we face threats to the planet  our common good   against the threats to the p…
 lilianachanler that s very good  send me a request and my staff will be in touch 
rt  roslehtinen  many miami homes also have cuban flags   stevekingia  that doesn t equal support 4 castro  folks should learn about our c…
rest assured our fight is not over  and i ll be working as a senior member  appropsdems to protect these investment…
rt  quintonlucaskc  congrats  repcleaver   here with his family  receiving the harry s  truman good neighbor award  well done and an outsta…
on labor day we reflect on the social & economic achievements of the past and the work that remains 
rt  tedknutsondc  ny  repmaloney slams mulvaney for no  cfpb  enforcement actions since he took over  she said there were four per month und…
dear  foxandfriends - please do your nation a solid  run a factual story during president s  executive time  about…
kudos to capt  tammie jo shults  whose quick thinking & levelheadedness yesterday prevented an already dangerous si…
this week is national park week  michigan is home to beautiful natural landscapes and many protected lands  find o…
republican cover-up caucus drafts articles of impeachment against deputy ag  we will halt any march toward authorit…
rep  eshoo wants new disclosures on broadcast  cable content | multichannel 
keep going for the gold  team u s a  have you been watching the winter olympics  pyeong chang2018
 and i ve seen the promise land  i may not get there with you  but i want you to know tonight  that we  as a people…
 marc4justice  dcgirlsbaseball i would love to  send me a direct message and we ll get it set up 
rt  housedemocrats  happy presidents day 
wendy vitter s record on women s health and the lies she s spread about abortion and contraception make her totall…
we grieve for the 49 people killed   pulse orlando  i stand with our lbgtq  communities & vow never to be silent in…
mejorar el acceso a los programas de ciencia  tecnología  ingeniería y matemáticas a los universitarios de pr es de suma importancia 
i ve gotten a lot of helpful input on my draft proposal to improve federal land management in trinity county  check…
my office is now accepting tour requests for the months of june  july  august  and september  please submit tour re…
rt  sapsv  this morning   dearbornjenny welcomes  repannaeshoo for an executive women s round table on advancing women and girls in tech an…
my staff will be holding mobile office hours tomorrow from 11 am-1 pm with representatives from the truchas fire de…
proud to have joined  repdankildee s efforts to free former marine amir hekmati  from iran  welcome home  freed amir
congrats to sydney levine of donna klein jewish academy on her winning piece   support  in this year s congressiona…
it is national police week  i am grateful for all the law enforcement professionals and first responders who keep our communities safe 
 otd  nato was founded  since  our allies have stood shoulder-to-shoulder with the american people to ensure our sec…
by proposing massive cuts to children s healthcare & public housing  realdonaldtrump and  housegop are walking back…
i couldn t help but love this photo from the celebration of the life of former first lady barbara bush 
information is power and all women should know the full range of their healthcare options  a great morning with my…
looking forward to joining my colleague  hurdonthehill to talk about our bipartisan plan to protect dreamers  tune…
rt  orlpolitics  rep  soto s kissimmee river bill passes house by unanimous consent sayfie opo
 uofl i ve enjoyed spending the day with leo  we ll be heading down to the house chamber in a couple hours   sotu 
the  baltsunbrk is  baltsunbiz reporting maryland 1 in u s  for minority and women businesses ownership  great ne…
rt  protectrdfnders  thank you  nikiinthehouse for always being such a strong voice for survivors  your work with  repmiketurner shows what…
glad to share the day with you  reprobinkelly  hope you have a great birthday 
112 families are still waiting for their chibok girls to come home  4 years too long
 brandinitoffee looking forward to the tour 
scott pruitt & his flat earth society friends have brought a dangerous combination of ignorance  corruption and gre…
why would anyone in their right mind work for trump 
even 50 years after comptons cafeteria riot  the trans community faces unprecedented violence  especially trans women of color  disarm hate
 the mortal heart of martin luther king was stopped by an assassin s bullet  but no power on earth can stop his wor…
this headline says it all   trump and the republicans said they saved your property tax deduction  they didn t   b…
rt  workforcevan  livestream  this important event on  ai  & the futureofwork is streaming live now with  byron_auguste of  opptyatwork  re…
adding a citizenship question to the 2020 census isn t a common-sense addition to the census  it s dangerous
survivors of domestic violence deserve our assistance and support -- especially in under-served communities  my sur…
a pentagon-funded study found that climate change threatens u s  military assets in the marshall islands  the presi…
president trump perpetuates false claims that immigrants are infecting our communities with crime  we cannot allow…
nyt editorial offers support for  usprogressives-led efforts to end the war   congress could improve the chance of…
now is the time to stop the king amendment  everyone who cares about health  the environment  & the treatment of an…
rt  repstephmurphy  the only thing bipartisan about the gop tax bill was its opposition 
a new fra administrator has been confirmed and i ve asked him to update the train horn rule to improve safety at ra…
although these shooting incidents occur with horrific regularity  i continue to be shocked by such senseless violen…
while the funding bill i voted for can get shovels in the ground  i have concerns that the administration may try a…
trump said single-payer wld bankrupt us  do your homework  countries w/single payer spend less  have healthier ppl 
town hall is tonight  hope to see everyone there  please rsvp
i urge  realdonaldtrump to nominate a full-time president of  eximbankus who can be confirmed with bipartisan suppo…
joined 101 of my colleagues to urge  realdonaldtrump to continue vital  unrwa assistance for 5 million palestinian…
rt  votevets  democrats aim to  reclaim the flag  from the republican party in 2018 and votevets is actively supporting progressive veteran…
shout out to all of the amazing teachers in queens  the bronx  and all over the u s  on teacher appreciation day …
in 2009   senwarren expressed the reason why we need a consumer financial protection bureau  she was exactly right …
the clean water rule protects drinking water for 117 million americans  repealing this rule is reckless 
with  jayasheohed  mayorlachapelle  chapadotorg and other affordablehousing leaders from across the state to discu…
that is a great line 
barbara bush led an extraordinary life  she was intelligent and gracious  and the love she had for her family and t…
an accurate 2020 census is critical to our nation  the political decision by the trump admin to add an untested & d…
rt  davidgura  in the 3 00 p m  et  rep   gerryconnolly joins me on  msnbc 
america has been a beacon of hope for generations of immigrants fleeing violence and hardship in search of a bette…
  hhsgov is supposed to protect women s health  not play politics  this is censorship by the trump administration …
rt  repdinatitus  learn where and how you can vote early
neil linscheid of u of m extension facilitated the middle of everywhere exercise  which helped folks think regional…
rt  chrislu44  pruitt isn t just violating ethics rules  he s also endangering health  he blocked a study that showed how toxic chemicals c…
alma pleasant is one of the most humble  selfless  and generous women i know  thank you for opening up your home ev…
let s make one thing clear  big corporations and the super wealthy got a huge windfall from the gop tax plan  and w…
rt  barackobama  we are grieving with parkland  but we are not powerless  caring for our kids is our first job  and until we can honestly s…
senate republicans and democrats should compromise with each other fast before any more damage is done to the count…
the jobs & justice act would increase the upward social mobility of black families  and help ensure equal protectio…
thank you to  orbitalatk for hosting me during today s marc means business  learned so much about the work fort wort…
rt  shaziazrafi   rephanabusa on hawaii s role in building of an asia-pacific partnership on clean air 
it s absurd that on average  women are paid just 80 cents for every  1 paid to male counterparts  for women of colo…
proud to represent so many hardworking  passnational members  thx to employees of aeronautical information services…
ramadan kareem to all who observe on the central coast of california  may this holy month be filled with peace  reflection  and family 
11 912  daca  recipients have lost their status since president trump cruelly ended the program on sept  5th …
thank you to everyone who joined me and  policymattersoh executive director  amyhanauer to discuss the impact of th…
if the memo was really about oversight  committee members would want to read the underlying documents and bring in…
rt  repjoecrowley  no one should have to choose between keeping a roof over their family s head and putting food on the table  proud to joi…
happy mothers day to all the moms and honorary moms for always being there to nurture  support  and encourage us  i…
and here s the kicker   speakerryan s g o p tax scam is not only a gift to wealthy donors and corporations  it also cr…
donald trump s cabinet of corruption is wasting your hard-earned money on luxuries for themselves  watch…
when teachers  nurses  firefighters  & other public sector workers have the right to join together and have a voice…
glad to join colleagues  repryancostello &  repgwenmoore  &  ntfsdv today to launch the bipartisan task force to en…
when will this end  congress has a duty to act  never again end gun violence
i cosigned a letter to bring the office of technology assessment back  we must be able to keep up with new technolo…
i joined mr  brian lemasters  class on thursday to talk about the importance of financial literacy  his students ar…
years of neglecting our water infrastructure has spurred water contamination crises in places like flint  philadelp…
rt  uofigovrelation    ceeatillinois professor lange chats further with  replipinski after his testimony at the  housescience r&t hearing  …
instead of spending billions on a wall that we don t need  we could also address nutrition instability for the 1 5…
i am pleased to announce the 1st ever shared-space agreement with  deptvetaffairs at the va medical center in wpb …
today i joined rep  handel to introduce bipartisan legislation that holds the irs accountable and ensures the ameri…
the trumpbudget guts housing benefits for families struggling to pay rent  for this reason  repgregorymeeks …
rt  cspanwj  rep  pramila jayapal  d-wa  joins us to discuss immigration & for an update on special counsel robert mueller s investigation…
my heart and my prayers are with mrs  bush and her family 
our democracy thrives when people participate fully and make their voices heard  i appreciate everyone who joined m…
rt  housebluedogs  under  repschrader s leadership  we re ready get back to work w rs to stabilize the marketplace & improve the aca 
we must trust the professionals at the justice department to ignore the president s taunts  but it is deeply distur…
russia banks are working with venezuela to defy cryptocurrency sanctions via  washingtonpost
i had the pleasure of touring  toyota s north american hq where i was able to test drive the new hydrogen fuel cell…
we have lost constituents to gun violence and mourned with their loved ones 
a free and open internet is the foundation of free speech  trump s  fcc wants to take that away  net neutrality
salvadoran tps recipients have lived in ny for decades  they are members of our communities  and this is another sh…
by pulling out of the iran deal  president trump is leaving america isolated and unsafe 
intstng point  mr  president  do you pay enough taxes  oh  that s right  you won t tell us  via  nytimes
rt  housedemwomen  the honor was ours  thank you   kristindavis for joining  housedemwomen today to talk about your great work  refugees on…
today  the senate votes on net neutrality legislation & i m proud to support similar legislation here in the house …
it s long past time for republicans to stop sabotaging the aca and start working across the aisle on solutions that…
congratulations to mayor  stevebenjaminsc as he becomes the 76th president of the united states conference of mayors today   usmayors
today on the floor   housegop is bringing a bill to amend dodd-frank instead of addressing critical priorities like…
rt  kylegriffin1  rep  maxine waters  ranking member of the committee on financial services  is demanding answers from mnuchin and tillerso…
because of the courage linda brown and so many other students demonstrated  our nation changed for the better  may…
valentines for vets  had a great time at the northport va dropping off valentines for our local heroes  a special t…
rt  repdwightevans  four  two-thirds of  snap  recipients are children  elderly  and people w/ disabilities  five   you want everyone to…
peter s statement on the passing of former vermont governor phil hoff 
rt  capsecurity    repstephmurphy  i know the us will get back to its signature combination of power & generosity - the same spirit that sa…
live   housedemocrats  weekly press conference 👇
  nc_governor today announced the appointment of lamont wiggins as superior court judge in district 7b  serving edg…
yesterday  i joined  whiphoyer and my fellow members of the  housebluedogs to discuss our nation s difficult fiscal…
rt  housedemwomen  ⚡️ as womens history month comes to an end  check out 25 great tweets from the month by dwwg members  like  nitalowey s s…
fact   aca  has reduced health care costs  repeal would be disastrous for the health & financial security of hard-working families 
rt  nancypelosi  d r e a mers are americans too   sotu 
we ve had this law in place here in ct for a number of years and the numbers don t lie  it works  according to a 20…
it s small business week & i m proud to help honor  bellawklein in burlington for their success & working w  iowasbdc to better the business 
i am proud to be running for re-election to represent philadelphia in congress because i will never stop fighting…
today marks 61st ann of the start of montgomery bus boycott  lasting 381 days & resulting n  scotus ordering bus int…
thanking vietnam veterans for their service and sacrifice at  vegaspbs thank a vet
an unusually strong criticism from one paper on trump  yet most republicans are still unable to find their voice 
rt  repdianadegette  good to see these folks giving  epascottpruitt a warm welcome as he arrives at capitol hill  he s testifying before th…
just about to be on  cnnmoney with  maggielake to talk about our womens history month push to pass my bipartisan bil…
today  on national human trafficking awareness day  we continue the fight to abolish human trafficking …
i suspect they mean inside the chamber rather than literally crawling on the floor  otherwise  some senate agility…
thank you to those who testified & to the organizations speaking out for deported veterans  these folks put their l…
rt  think100show  this tue is episode 7 of  think100show  we ll be kicking it w/  repbarragan to learn about her environmentaljustice work…
thank you to our brave firefighters & first responders for their swift response to the topa incident in ventura co 
5  since last year  i ve fought to ensure the  deptofdefense s  usnationalguard counter-drug program has the resour…
a staggering 400 000 philadelphians live in poverty and each and every day they are concerned about making ends mee…
   usfsp has blossomed since gaining individual accreditation in 2006  move in tallahassee to strip independence wi…
to all of our local businesses & workplaces in the san joaquin valley who recruit and employ veterans  the…
rt  barackobama  young people have helped lead all our great movements  how inspiring to see it again in so many smart  fearless students s…
not hard to imagine how this sentiment would make her smile 
less than a week after the public learned that russian billionaire viktor vekselberg was questioned by mueller  we…
i was pleased to recently attend the alliance for a healthier indiana town hall event at indiana university northwe…
the week ahead w/  kasiedc
great meeting with wendolyn murphy  ceo of the mescalero apache boys & girls club and tim sheahan  president & ceo…
meeting with the president of the marion military institute  mmi  this afternoon  col  david j  mollahan is a pheno…
rt  nowthisnews   i think he ll take credit for things that didn t happen  or things that happened that he had nothing to do with   — nancy…
great to have these guys  from  boilermakernews  stop by my office again  last may they came by &  after talking &…
america accounts for only 5% of the world s general population  but 21% of the world s prisoners  comprehensive cri…
honored to speak at the  evergfoundation summit  where concerned citizens rallied our voices in defense of the…
rt  amprog  tune into  repjoekennedy s moving story now 
reminder  the g o p tax scam rewards companies that send american jobs to other countries with a tax break 
as of this morning  doesn t seem they re vetting their own emails 
equal pay for equal work  it s just common sense  on equal pay day  i m pledging to continue to work to ensure fair…
coming soon  recorded a  plate of the union  podcast w/  chefspike   fpaction s monica mills and  udc_edu s sabine…
met w/ students from  iumedschool to discuss the opioid crisis  in 2016  59 000 americans died of drug overdose  in…
on nov  10  1982  newly finished vietnam veterans memorial is opened to 1st visitors in washington  dc  learn more …
imagine the president of the united states rolling around the west wing  disoriented  ranting  angry  carrying on a…
praying for the students  teachers  school employees and first responders in parkland  florida and their families d…
honored to take part in the memorial for larry crandell   mr  santa barbara   today — a true loss to our community 
to mr  schulte  ms  longstaffe  and all of the wonderful educators in the inland empire  we are so grateful for all…
 realdonaldtrump promised  1 5t  but his infrastructurescam seeks just  20b/yr to sell off our public roads and br…
the future of the internet is at stake in the fight against  fcc s repeal of net neutrality  good news  sen dems ju…
women and men in uniform sacrifice a lot for the u s  – becoming a parent shouldn t be one  my amendment creates a…
rt  abc15  tips from h&r block s tax institute to avoid scams  get the most out of your refund  abc15
working with  senatorcantwell  i m proud we ve secured the first expansion of the low income housing tax credit pro…
proud to be with so many anti-hunger advocates at voicesof hunger 
i am working hard in washington to secure full funding for impact aid in the 2019 budget  so that schools in easter…
i invited commissioner gottlieb to rutgers to discuss the university center s leading role in the advancement of in…
good luck to mike trapp from marstons mills who will be competing tonight  saturday morning  south korean time  in…
 bobmacguffie do you even know what marxism is 
i am fighting to end wasteful spending by supporting legislation that cuts congressional perks and removes costly…
la fecha límite para someter información es el 2 de sep de 2016  las recomendaciones enviadas se considerarán parte del expediente público 
coming out is an act of bravery  i stand w/ all lgbt ppl who have the courage to declare their identity proudly …
huge group of volunteers just went out for a shift  join us for a shift in oxnard/to/camarillo   ca26 
during  realdonaldtrump s first year in office  12 of the top 20 most costly drugs for medicare part d increased in…
gm lordstown has lost 2 700 jobs over the last 18 months & hasn t earned a single tweet from potus  chinese telecom…
by withdrawing from the iran nuclear agreement today  pres  trump increases the danger for us all  leading nations…
today is equal pay day  marking the day when women s wages catch up to what men were paid the previous year  for wom…
including a citizenship question in the 2020 census will suppress participation & generate inaccurate data that doe…
this reality is not ok  we ve had a long history of gender discrimination in tech  we must work to ensure equality…
identity theft is a serious issue that demands serious solutions  a bill that is being considered in congress  howe…
net neutrality protects small businesses and innovators by ensuring they have a level playing field online  save the internet
i applaud president obama s soon to be announced overtime rule that will raise wages and protect our middle-class workers 
rt  thechli  chli vice-chairman  repcuellar  and chli president & ceo  mgomezorta  join us on stage at the 2018 c h l i gala 
rt  cazarest62  líderes locales se unen con  repbrady al apoyar a carmela hernández y su familia  ellos llevan casi 3 meses viviendo en san…
gop needs to slow down their rush to pass their bill before anyone knows what s in it  and fully explain who is helped and who is hurt  2/
 hr5982   the midnightrules bill is an attempt to roll back rules written to help protect america s families & working people  1/
as my colleague and former national president   repmarciafudge said this morning   if we cannot protect the least o…
trans day of visibility is a reminder that transgender people have the right to be seen  heard and valued  we must re…
a coordinated international response may be required as part of a comprehensive strategy in syria  but president tr…
day 15 of womens history month - we could be voting on a bipartisan bill to stop workplace sexualharassment this we…
devastated by another mass shooting  too many souls senselessly gone  praying for healing  we must act 
rt  senatedems  under oath  epa administrator scott pruitt confirmed that he authorized raises given to select epa employees through his c…
schrödinger s presidency  we re bombing and not bombing syria  we re out and in tpp  we re imposing and not imposin…
my floor speech tonight on how the elimination of  salt  would be devastating for middle class taxpayers in  ny03   w…
seventy-five years ago today  trapped in the warsaw ghetto  a group of jews fought against all odds to resist nazi…
rt  transportdems  house democrats a better deal infrastructure plan is five times bigger than president trump s infrastructure scam  a be…
the avg working american has only  2500 in retirement savings  we shld protect & expand social security s earned benefits  social security80
the second place winning entry   joy  was submitted by catherine nordstrom  also a senior at san benito high school…
a tempe couple started blockwise in their laundry room  now they employ 22 people in good-paying jobs  we re celebr…
the baseless assertion that marijuana leads to opioid addiction repeats a tired and widely debunked argument  i m c…
it turned out that while sal was approved for his back-pay  the va had never actually sent his benefits  my office…
rt  housedemwomen  mothers are breadwinners in half of families with children under 18  not having paidleave means some mothers will miss…
may is national foster care month  as a member of the congressional caucus on foster youth  i am committed to worki…
reminder  i am hosting a public meeting on offshore oil drilling tomorrow at 11am at the bay model visitor center i…
fda s silence on e-cigarettes could open the gates to the next public health emergency 
christine loeber  jen golick  and jennifer gonzales shushereba were three of our district s finest who got up every…
 nycsouthpaw i had the same reaction and felt immediate sympathy  but now i want to see what other articles this ed…
for someone who claimed to want to  drain the swamp   realdonaldtrump really has knack for picking the most corrupt…
rt  withoutviolence  we re thrilled 2work w/  repmikehonda on new resolution to recognize intl  day for the elimination of  vaw  
rt  jlee629  was wonderful sharing our stories of women s health with  repjohndelaney  medicaid is a women s health success story  let s ke…
women are two-thirds of all minimum wage workers  for women s economic equality  let s raise the wage  womens equality day
rt  anaheimfire   orangeunifiedca following schools will remain closed tomorrow  wed  10/11 anaheim hills  canyon rim  chapman hills  linda…
rt  oversightdems  read the full text of robert mueller s indictment  russian hacking trump russia
check out this clip from  nbcpolitics where i questioned epa admin pruitt about the science behind the proposed rep…
a great day for a parade  join us for a fantastic salute to our veterans 
stop two on our madein i l10 tour   udevices in northbrook  owners don and adrienne mccoy told me about growing thei…
looking forward to joining  apalmerdc &  jakesherman for tomorrow s p o l i t i c o interview tomorrow at 8 30 am et to di…
rest in peace  bob sweeney sr  the last of the old guard of the building trades 
thirty states plus d c  have legalized marijuana in some form  yet possession or use for any purpose is still proh…
good  they recognize the clear evidence that the iran deal works  and they don t want more fighting in the middle e…
tax plan is a scam  that targets the middle class  leaving them the bill  g o p tax scam national haiku day
congressman pulls out loaded gun in town meeting  not in my novel  big guns  but in real life  gives new meaning to…
thank you to everyone who joined us for play catch with your congresswoman in north long beach  i m especially thank…
rt  repalgreen  the faulty corporate welfare and billionaire benefit plan passed by the senate has come back to the house  don t vote the…
on  mlkday  we remember the work and sacrifice of dr  king  we honor him by our service  our voice  and our action 
rt  jdsalant  n j  democrat pushes to defy  realdonaldtrump and make it harder for mentally ill to buy guns
the gop spent all their time  energy & votes on tax breaks for corporations & the wealthiest  now  they are too we…
fact   epascottpruitt is currently under seven separate investigations  he needs to be held accountable for his fai…
22% of vets report using cannabis as a safer & more effective alternative to opioids & drug cocktails currently pre…
rt  insider__nj  gottheimer assesses damage and orange & rockland s storm recovery efforts in wyckoff  demands expedited plan and timelines…
you put the 800 000 dreamers  futures at risk and have done everything you could to undermine responsible adults tr…
 ncpssm opposes the passage of hr 1  the  gop  tax bill  because it will cut medicare  medicaid and…
the commerce department must ensure that foreign competitors  unfair trade practices do not continue to injure an a…
to all those celebrating passover and easter this weekend  wishing you peace and happiness with family and friends  chag sameach 
one year after his inauguration   realdonaldtrump has led america into a trump shutdown through bad faith negotiati…
rt  ilyseh  listen up hypocritical gop congresspeople  i will haunt every single one of you that claims a  pro-life  mantle and yet votes t…
rt  coconinonf  firefighters have line around long fire sw of mormon lake and appears to be holding at 7 acres  if fire grows or new inform…
thank you to all the community members who joined me for today s discussion on gun violence prevention  it was an i…
i guess the buck doesn t stop with him  it starts with him  carpooling
did you feel the earthquake  report it to  usgs 
i m speaking to reporters as  epascottpruitt comes to the hill to answer questions  culture of corruption
this is not how an innocent or transparent administration operates  what are you hiding what are you afraid of
puerto rico is counting on us to provide the support that the trump administration has failed to deliver  spoke wit…
get help with federal agencies at mobile office hours thursday  april 26th  1 00-2 30pm  at mesa veterans resource c…
rt  msoskil  thank you  samuel negatu  from  repcartwright s office for taking the time to meet and talk about pennsylvania s students   nt… 
rt  nbcpolitics  rep  cummings  rep  nadler request documents about gag orders white house staff was reportedly ordered to sign   these co…
rt  cheektowagainfo  on this glorious dyngus day  help spread the word about the 40th annual cheektowaga polish american arts festival sche…
the world s largest online brothel  was taken down  our office will continue to work in par…
to force a child to carry an unwanted pregnancy to term - against her will - is a page straight out of  the handmaid s tale  justice for jane
rt  jsmcmans  all smiles with the amazing congresswoman  repbeatty 🇺🇸 an amazing public servant   ohdems  montcoohdems  ohiohousedems
welcome  transportworker  twu  to washington for 2018 legislative conference & great to see everyone tonight …
testing out my  minnesota jokes  on my guest north branch mayor kirsten kennedy ahead of the state of the union   h…
oregon would lose over  605 million of annual gdp & nearly 10 000 working dreamers could be deported unless we…
the g o p tax scam is a raw deal for my constituents on the north coast  while big corporations and a few select wealt…
all the fuss nunes made about access to documents is just an attempt to undercut the mueller investigation  when h…
libby  my granddaughter clara  and i were excited to once again participate in the  mexic_arte s vivalavida2016 pa…
this week  i joined the pennsylvania delegation to discuss the opioid epidemic and its effect on children entering…
great to meet with  tmainfo illinois members today  manufacturers and their hard-working employees are truly the b…
rt  delgadodaphne  in the world s wealthiest country   hunger is a political condition   thank you  repmcgovern &  phanews for amplifying t…
  potus continues to disrespect women  insult people of color  and attack our immigrant communities  i will not be…
today the white house released so-called proposals on gun violence  showing that as we feared  the president has co…
these are important questions that the american people deserve answers to as part of the mueller investigation  we…
toured some available retail and commercial properties in downtown dover  the  unlock the block  pilot program wi…
today w/  gerryconnolly  repdonbeyer  repjayapal  reprubengallego  peterwelch we re asking  fbi director wray to lo…
i m saddened to hear my friend rep   louiseslaughter passed away this morning  she was a fearless leader on the rul…
rt  edworkforcedems   read  ranking member  bobbyscott s statement on the 8th anniversary of safra standwith student…
the winter storm is continuing across our region  canceling many activities and making travel difficult  more than…
rt  nitalowey  secretary carson once called poverty a  state of mind   i wonder what he calls spending  31 000 on a dining set for his off…
we are now accepting submissions for the 2018 congressional art competition  indianapolis high school students can…
rt  indivisiblect4  it s time to marchfor our lives  showing up matters  where will you march today  enough never again
 2/2  his decision opens the door for iran to reengage in developing a nuclear bomb  why would anyone trust us  we …
rt  reprokhanna  sarah broughton was 20 years old when she lost her life to a simple sinus infection because our health care system put the…
rt  nlintheusa  members of the dutch and eu caucuses visit the netherlands american cemetery in margraten and meet with some of the familie…
enjoyed the delicious  ttnwtraveler here in downtown seattle for lunch today 
president trump and the republican congressional leadership are orchestrating this shutdown to avoid dealing with i…
i kicked off tax day with  squawkcnbc and discussed the impact of the g o p tax scam  which cuts taxes for the wealthi…
rt  cityofdurhamnc  join the durham human relations commission tomorrow as they honor their 2018 advocacy award winners during a free cere…
rt  patientaccess   repbradashford - thank you for your leadership in breaking down barriers to patient access  seniors medicare partb …
this evening we lost former first lady barbara bush  a committed wife and mother  her goal to create opportunity th…
can you guess what i am doing today   nmpffa
rt  housedemocrats    davidcicilline  no senior should spend hours on the phone  shopping around for prescription drugs or struggling to br…
the effects climatechange are real— especially here in de  the lowest-lying state  we re susceptible to sea level…
roundtable on how to expand apprenticeships to help workers  san diego is home to some of the country s best appren…
while trump posed for pictures with china s president  i released data showing that the us-china trade deficit has…
in the wake of the technical failures of the irs  direct payment system today  there must be a grace period for all…
as a graduate of  fisk1866 &  famu_1887  i am proud to celebrate the legacy of hbcus during h b c u week  we must preserve hbcu education 
allan s performance was incredible—you could tell he put his whole heart into it  he may not have made it to the…
still need a reason to vote for mike  one voter s story about mike s constituent service  masen mike4mass
one more example of how this administration does not care about our health and well-being 
rt  uw_rowing 
rt  matthewserafin  excited to be at the kemp forum in chicago today –  speakerryan to keynote  w/  repdannydavis   gilbert36ward   alderma…
proud of my work & the work of my bipartisan hasc colleagues to pass  ndaa17   my amendments and full recap here 
rt  frozencapybara  ma people  if you haven t voted yet  go read this  then go vote for capuano  masen
i firmly believe that there is no greater love than giving up one s life for another  we are honored and humbled to…
corporate america is stepping up  it s time for republican congress to do the same never again
i want to extend my best wishes to those celebrating the lunar new year as we welcome the year of the dog  i m prou…
my office will be hosting a warrior workshop tomorrow from 9-11 am at  nmvic  if you have questions about va claims…
we had a great day celebrating labor day at the santa paula labor day parade and the tri-county labor day picnic 
today is national vietnam war veterans day  a time dedicated to honoring all of the men & women who served during the…
rt  uwathletics  pac12 row champions   uw_rowing claims the men s and women s pac-12 titles in dominating fashion  go huskies 📸 gallery …
studies show snap recipients who can work do in fact work  adding work requirements to farm bill will do nothing bu…
cutting art  theater  and music programs from education hurts a child s chance to thrive  so fortunate that warren…
scott pruitt has consistently put special interests ahead of the public  he has put ideology ahead of science  i ha…
you re invited to attend my next telephone town hall on may 22nd  rsvp now 
rt  navajocountyaz  ***smoke alert*** smoke from the tinder fire in coconino county will impact communities across navajo county  specific…
medicare is the largest buyer of rx drugs in us w/ huge potential to negotiate lower prices for seniors  medicaid &…
rt  waysmeanscmte  who benefits from the republican tax law  not the middle class 
ct women deserve better  which is why i am a cosponsor of the bipartisan paycheck fairness act  which aims to ensure…
rt  barackobama  there are few issues more important to the security of the us than the potential spread of nuclear weapons or the potentia…
i am impressed by every student marching today  it helps our nation when young people raise their voices  get invol…
on this international workers day  i m celebrating the hardworking families of  nv03   let s recommit to promoting wo…
ensuring a secure and peaceful future for vulnerable nations has global benefits for counterterrorism  peace and se…
we can never consider cuts 2 medicare or social security  no ifs  ands  buts  or  willing to considers   hey  housegop  hands off medicare
since nov  we ve acted  resolution trans acceptance & legislation  press conferences  fought anti-trans attacks  & worked w/ obama admin 
fighting for title i x  we won t let trump to turn back the clock & will defend the rights of all students to learn…
this week  the north carolina supreme court honored the 7 women justices who have served on the state s highest cou…
mr  president  this is america  here  we respect dissent  we fight for fair elections  and we honor their results …
always divide your money in thirds  1/3 spending  saving & investing   flm2018  tip of the day
rt  sustainableag  nsac  our members  and our farmers can count on  repjimmypanetta to support sustainable agriculture and beginning/social…
rt  hispaniccaucus  we are meeting with the white house chief of staff to urge this administration to support a permanent solution for dre…
 jacksonleetx18 visits the  kennedycenter to see  morethan88 and other great jazz musicians
rt  ca_dem  vote for the official california democratic party endorsed candidate for cd-26   juliabrownley   cadem16  vote 🗳
this morning i met with kenneth mcclintock  former sec of state and lg of puerto rico & mayita melendez  mayor of…
despite overwhelming support for a  daca  solution  the house has not been allowed to vote on this issue  i m proud…
absent the rule of law our democracy is dead
oregonian minoru yasui made a courageous stand for the civil rights of japanese americans  join me in remembering h…
rt  beatpunk  excited to spend tonight with maryland s next us senator  chrisvanhollen & future congressman anthony  brownformd  election n…
while  realdonaldtrump and his cabinet have become the most anti-environment administration in history  i m proud t…
as we recall the tragic assassination of dr  martin luther king jr   we can honor his memory by continuing his work…
rt  bostonjonas  us  repmcgovern is the  strongest champion in the entire country  for food and hunger issues  says  projectbread s erin mc…
rt  kmo50moyer  oh how i am inspired by this amazing woman for her advocacy for the next generation 💗 gracenapolitano letsdomore suicide p…
we need someone who will stand up for sensible protections of our environment  scott pruitt is not the right choice to lead the  epa 
mrs  bush changed the lives of millions across the nation and we will honor her memory in years to come 
such great weather today in delaware  head outdoors and explore one of our beautiful  destateparks …
sounds pretty great to me 
rt  repstephmurphy  the students of marjory stoneman douglas returned to class today for the first time since the parkland shooting  what…
it was really impressive to see so many folks braving the cold to support illinois  amazing special olympics 
intl   space_station  symbol of global cooperation  supports critical research that literally can t be done anywher…
rt  aggie_gr  thank you  repfilemonvela for visiting keller elementary in brownsville  tx  to see how a  usedgov   tamu  &  brownsvilleisd…
 icymi   rep  tulsi gabbard to president trump  do not strike syria
 this issue is bigger than the politicians  the election  and the press  it s not a black question  it s an american question  
rt  mglembassy_usa  ambassador  otgonbayary exchanged views with congressman  repdwightevans from pennsylvania on mongolia-us bilateral coo…
rt  prochoicecaucus    potus is encouraging states to block access to care at planned parenthood  this is shameless  but not surprising  an…
congratulations to my friend and fellow  capac member   senduckworth on the birth of her baby girl - the first time…
this is what s so infuriating about the choices republicans are making  they pass a  1 3 trillion gift to corporati…
i support a thorough and comprehensive investigation into the allegations against attorney general schneiderman  ou…
congratulations to nova classical academy for being named best high school in minnesota 
in honor of north and south korea s historic commitment to ending the korean war  i ll be ringing san pedro s korea…
listen up  quick tips for managing your money   flm2018 
my thoughts and prayers are with  phillypolice officer jesse hartnett 
open enrollment starts tomorrow  don t wait until the last minute  visit to review healthca…
research shows that low-income  minority communities are disproportionately impacted by dirty air and water  low-in…
southeast asian american & pacific islander women have some of the highest wage disparities  we need a a p i equal pay  not your model minority
rt  tusk81    repjayapal   immigrant moms in our country and at our border are courageous and resilient    keep families together mothers da…
congratulations to  stpetegeneral &  vabaypines on recognition as 2018 leaders in  lgbtq  healthcare equality by…
the state of georgia is represented at the winter olympics in pyeongchang  we continue to celebrate this year s gam…
i m hosting a townhall meeting tomorrow at the scituate senior center from 6 p m  to 8 p m  feel free to bring a f…
the matriarch of a family built on dedication to public service  barbara bush exuded both class and toughness  elsi…
met with david yarnold  president & ceo of  audubonsociety  a really great guy  we talked about the need to preserv…
about to talk rex tillersonw w/  wbalradio  c4show tune in 
rt  jllou_president  congrats  repmaloney on winning the  juniorleague mary harriman award
monday  march 12 is my 5th annual youth opportunities fair  indylibrary  it s free to attend and includes some ama…
i am a cosponsor of the scientific integrity act  hr 1358  because i believe we need to keep public science free fr…
students across the nation are proving to be incredible agents of change  seizing the moment & shifting the narrati…
once again  i call on president trump to articulate a coherent strategy for his actions in syria and seek congress…
fattah moment in congress / fattah announces increased neuroscience funding in fy16 omnibus via  yahoonews
fly eagles fly
pleased to meet a constituent volunteering with the  onecampaign to discuss the importance of foreign aid in ending…
a g sessions -&gt  common sense for  daca  means following the u s  district court s decision   thejusticedept ag sessio…
75 years after his death in wwii  the remains of granite stater david quinn will finally be returned home  forever…
mrs  tennie s  self of clarksdale  mississippi  never had a problem speaking up  especially during the civil rights…
rt  nilc_org   realdonaldtrump practically  this means that for now the daca application process remains open only to people who previously…
rt  demsespanol  en promedio  las mujeres ganan 80 centavos por cada  1 que sus contrapartes hombres ganan  para las mujeres latinas y afro…
rt  padforg   we can recreate  rethink  and rebuild the caribbean  make it vibrant and more vibrant that it was before  says rep  stacey pl…
i led a bipartisan letter w/  repperlmutter   repdianadegette  &  repmikecoffman asking  jeffsessions to reinstate…
rt  keithellison  emilia  mexica dancer  and miranda at may day 
rt  ufcw  may day  aka international workers day  is an opportunity to recommit ourselves to solidarity among all hardworking people  this h…
rt  repmarktakano  i ll stay in session as long as it takes to get a real deal to reopen the government  because unlike  realdonaldtrump an…
today is the 50th anniversary of the death of dr  martin luther king jr  now more than ever  we must stand up for t…
 barackobama must ask congress 4 authorization 4 use of military force in iraq syria my speech-http //t co/lfwegygiax
when will house republicans put country ahead of party and stop turning a blind eye toward an out of control admini…
hard to believe it s been 15 years since the old manofthe mountain  one of nh s most enduring symbols  fell from the…
my mother might have something to say about that  but thank you   insert appropriate emoji here 
thanks to  prestorrecilha at  westfieldstate for the great tour of campus today  quite an impressive atmosphere and…
rt  atrupar  oof --  reppaultonko grills  epascottpruitt about whether he directly approved raises for epa employees  and gets frustrated a…
since hurricanes maria and irma the federal government has presided over one of the slowest and least effective pos…
rt  reprobinkelly  there are already too many empty chairs at the dinner table  congress must listen to the will of the people & take actio…
tbt my super interns eric  richard  & guadalupe proudly showing off dem diversity during the dem intern selfie 
watch now 👇👇👇
rt  onlyorganic  at 3pm est today we are hosting a twitter party with  repanniekuster  senbobcasey  stonyfield  seasnax  amyskitchen homeg…
great to meet with the ibew local 14 folks in fall creek and get a tour the training center 
president trump is continuing his hateful efforts to deny or disrupt health coverage for american families  1/
ortega s violent crackdown on peaceful protesters and censorship of the media in nicaragua goes against the very pr…
congrats to u s  women s hockey on winning gold  and a special shoutout to the 7 native minnesotans on the team …
rt  hardball  with democrats looking to retake congress this november   repjoekennedy offered a rallying cry with his sotu response  tonigh…
happy new year 
months ago  a lawsuit sought to force me to remove the  lgbt  pride flag i fly outside my office as a symbol of love…
  allinwithchris  great talking with you  everyone in california counts and everyone in the nation must count …
my office is collaborating with maywood councilmember eddie de la riva to bring the red cross pillowcase project to…
rt  senatormenendez   davidhogg111 looking forward to it  i ll be in ridgewood  nj with  billpascrell   town hall for our lives never again m s d…
trump continues to surround himself with inept advisors who will lead america into chaos  john bolton is a failed a…
toledo s bob barger  a world war ii veteran  is set to earn his associate s degree from  utoledo at 96 years young …
great to see that two libraries in our region have been awarded  1000 grants to participate in the  revisiting the…
it s been 19 years since columbine & we need to do more to end gun violence  i support commonsense gunsafety meas…
  usmc corporal o malley s selfless service is a reminder to us all of the great price our military pay for the fre…
  epascottpruitt s ethical lapses continue to pile up   usgao concluded epa broke the law in constructing pruitt s…
it s teacher appreciation day  this morning  i surprised ms  bivens  spanish class to say thank you  join us in ce…
gop tax plan would leave new yorkers with a  72 billion annual tab  nassau residents lose avg deduction of  23 586 
happy 381st birthday to the  usnationalguard  always ready  always there 
we are witnessing women s history in action  huge congratulations to ms  paula-mae weekes  who was just sworn in as…
proud today to launch the bipartisan integrative health & wellness caucus 
rt  homelanddems   make america safe again   sound familiar   dhsgov should not be a mouthpiece for the president and his ridiculous campai…
announcement  entries for the 2018 annual high school congressional art competition are open  to enter   1  compl…
 whiphoyer  it certainly couldn t hurt   davidortiz  cbg18 
march 5  the day marked as the arbitrary deadline to cut off  daca  renewals  the courts  thankfully  wouldn t allow…
rt  nathanboyett  enjoyed meeting with u s  congresswoman  repstephmurphy this morning  thanks for making yourself accessible to your commu…
learn the ways to prevent a stroke by practicing these life-saving tips stroke month 
i am proud to lead my colleagues in the house in a resolution that calls for  epascottpruitt s immediate resignatio…
food insecurity affects as many as 1 in 6 people in our community  i m proud of the work  theopendoorma does every…
  speakerryan s to-do list couldn t be clearer  1- pass the billionaires-first g o p tax scam 2- attack funding for m…
we must make sure our teachers receive all the support they need to shape the next generation  that s why…
here s my letter to oversight chairman gowdy urging him to investigate the payments made to michael cohen s consult…
joined  powayunified students at a town hall for our lives event this weekend  seeing the next generation be leaders o…
this may day  dedicated teachers are defending their dignity  fast-food workers are advocating for higher wages & w…
my thoughts are with everyone in the nyc area today  grateful for all of the law enforcement and first responders f…
the process was terrible  and i hope in the future my colleagues in the majority hold open deliberations  but i m…
i had a wonderful time at the braintree council on aging s luncheon yesterday  thank you director sharmila biswas a…
 realdonaldtrump you promised  to make child care more accessible  and  rebuild the military  are military families…
intrigued to host  mikebloomberg re gun safety  jobs & bipartisanship in washington today   bpolitics  housenewdems…
rt  lmarieasad  we re proud to be participating in the  chicago_police depart  s 2018 block club convention & resource fair hosted by the  …
thank you  dr  dubroy  you are missed in north carolina 
rt  craigrsandler  nothing but respect for my md-8 congressman  repraskin  taxmarch tax day trump tax scam
read my thoughts on the shameful firing of father conroy  chaplain of the u s  house of representatives 
rt  amjoyshow  coming up this  saturdaymorning  on  amjoy  on  msnbc   repteddeutch  rwpusa  shannonrwatts  k_jeanpierre  mayawiley  aalayah…
looking forward to it  be sure to download the  delawareontap smartphone app and check in at stitch house brewery --…
rt  desis4progress    congressmanraja shares an important lesson with the audience   even if you know the outcome won t be what you want  y…
i introduced a resolution recognizing san antonio s 300th birthday
rt  nancypelosi  no one with the strength & bravery to serve in the u s  military should be turned away because of who they are  this hatef…
happening today  i m hosting a town hall in queens to discuss how we can endgunviolence  will i see you there …
today  we reflect on the remarkable and inspirational legacy of maya angelou  on what would have been her 90th birt…
 the realistic deadline for successfully establishing a dreamers program in time to prevent large-scale loss of wor…
it was great to meet with  iabpff this morning  firefighters are some of the bravest men and women in our country a…
if congress had a shred of the courage we re seeing from parkland survivors & students across america  we wouldn t…
attended reopening of the  honeywell technology experience in d c  and discussed the potential of smart technology…
i m also proud to be attending the raleigh march for science tomorrow to advocate for equitable  evidence-based poli…
voters overwhelmingly support expanding social security and medicare 
during mental health awareness month  the conversations surrounding the mental health of our students  veterans  and…
i m going facebook live shortly alongside members of the  officialcbc to help introduce the jobsand justice act  th…
honored to join the march for our lives rally in brainerd on saturday  i urged the crowd to keep fighting for commo…
 but this would require a critical mass of elected republicans to give a damn about the rights and dignity of migra…
had a great time seeing the progress at the national mascot hall of fame recently with whiting mayor stahura and ho…
sad news regarding the passing of first lady and first matriarch barbara bush  my thoughts are with the bush family at this time 
rt  nancypelosi  given that the president doesn t see a deal between democrats and the white house  we believe the best path forward is to…
rt  indivisible410    call_me_dutch  our demands are simple  healthcare for children  protection for dreamers  repsarbanes  you are prov…
rt  usrepkcastor  the trump gop wears its sabotage of americans  health care as a badge of honor  the truth  americans deserve lower cost…
the president doesn t understand a lot of things  phone security seems to be on that list   reptedlieu and i want t…
pleased the milcon va approps bill will examine the importance of ambulatory surgical centers  asc  within the va …
  barackobama must ask congress for authorization for use of military force in iraq  syria 
cyber aware tip  91% of cyber-attacks begin with emails  stay protected and never send out your personal informatio…
this is horrific  my prayers are with those killed & injured in gaza  the u s  should be laying the groundwork for…
rt  freepress    repjoseserrano  it s the internet  not the  elite net   it s supposed to be for everyone  net neutrality digital civil righ…
not sure where this will end up  but it s encouraging to see north & south korean leaders meet for peace 
wednesday wisdom the longer  statedept s special envoy to monitor and combat anti-semitism position remains empty …
congresswoman sheila jackson lee visits army forces in poland as part of us…
as an abuse counselor  i spoke to survivors often  what stood out to me most was their courage to leave their abuse…
former ice spokesman   i ve never been in a situation when i ve been asked to ignore the facts because it was more…
rt  cnnpolitics  democratic rep  al green plans to force an impeachment vote today
rt  usprogressives    repschakowsky speaks out against the job-killing g o p tax scam
this is not true  gun ownership in israel is highly restricted  those highly trained people are the only ones allow…
glad to celebrate two important milestones for improving long-term care for seniors in southeast michigan w/ the ex…
congratulations to mary lynn ortiz  the owner of borinquen bakery in new britain  earlier today  mary  who dreamed…
rt  care4yourfuture   repbeatty talks afinlitfuture at the  natljumpstart fin lit month awards dinner  congrats on your federal leadership…
what  press conference when  wednesday  may 9  2018 10 00 a m  – 11 00 a m  where  delta sigma theta headquarters…
why is the trump administration blocking the release of a water contamination study  i call on  epascottpruitt &…
rt  chrismatth  rt  therealbengreen  rt  wedh  c mon mass  make your best decision today and vote  capuano4senate  masen
disappointed that republican-led rules committee blocked my fair fees amendment from  faa  reauthorization--would ha…
reckless ohio bill to outright ban abortion would put our state on equal footing w/ el salvador  where girls who ha…
staff on hand for congress on your corner stops in niagara falls and amherst this week 
rt  janschakowsky  in our letter  we encouraged the  ftc to thoroughly investigate facebook s actions and  in the event that it finds wrong…
 armyrotc helps to train the military leaders of tomorrow  that s why i m working to establish an  nrotc   uhmanoa   rotc100 
at the end of last year  republicans passed a bill that flips the tax code upside down  tomorrow  i ll be hosting a…
defending freedom  what about the freedom of the 17 students killed at stoneman douglas  future lawyers  doctors …
as rm of science space subcommittee  my floor stattement on house unanimously passing astronaut healthcare bill 
 dreamers  can still apply for daca renewal  if eligible  apply immediately   uscis processing could take several mo…
hosting a transportation & infrastructure roundtable discussion in whatcom county to discuss the impacts of the re…
it s b/c of hardworking farmers that we enjoy all the spoils of the earth  thank a farmer today  national farmers day
only 15 percent of workers have access to paid family leave  not having a national paid leave policy hurts workers…
the  fcc just announced it will officially revoke net neutrality rules on june 11  the senate needs just…
rt  voxdotcom  rep  rush commended zuckerberg for the  great american success story  that is facebook  he also grilled him about his re…
the wait is over  congrats to our region s super bowl champions  fly eagles fly
couldn t agree more with conservative columnist  georgewill  i still have colleagues who praise pence and it makes…
mobile office hours in gonzales tomorrow  10am-1pm congressional staff will be available to assist with social se…
rt  andreajphillips   i wish someone less impetuous was in charge   visited an iowa century farm with iowa-born congressman  ericswalwell t…
rt  edworkforcedems   read  rm  bobbyscott sent a letter to  betsydevosed requesting that any decision to rescind an obama-era discipline gu…
rt  sylvesterturner  this evening   nimitz_hs jrotc celebrated their 25th anniversary with a military ball dinner at  aldineisd m o  campb…
 icymi  -- i spoke on the house floor about the passage of the caa reform act - a complete overhaul of the flawed co…
today & every day  i m proud to stand with  lgbteqcaucus to work for a world where people are free to be themselves…
let s keep up the momentum long after equal pay day has passed  that s why i support the paycheck fairness act  which…
key step forward in our efforts to champion common-sense  research-driven policy that helps save lives …
  epa admin pruitt s loyalty to the fossil fuel industry has real consequences for maine  today mainers woke up t…
the people shouldn t be punished for congress  failure to address nfip sustainability  debt forgiveness = more aff…
rt  repteddeutch  the u s  customs and border protection raid on the bus in ft  lauderdale was appalling  these arbitrary & disruptive enfo…
rt  itsjustcty   collinpeterson ty for supporting the letter holding cms accountable for new policies threatening sgd/eye gaze tech~
equal pay day is a day that should not exist in our society  women work just as hard as men  if not harder  and they…
hurricane maria left approx  90 billion in damages  yet only  1 billion was allocated for rebuilding grid  no surpr…
after reviewing the trump budget and infrastructure plan  it is clear that the president does not want to make ame…
it is truly an honor to welcome public television leadership   aptstweet  to capitol hill where they are needed now…
  uscbo s analysis of  housegop s rescission package shows it for the charade it is  for every dollar rescinded by…
 housejuddems stand ready to conduct vigorous oversight and urge chairman  repgoodlatte to convene hearings of the…
rt  repanthonybrown  states & private companies are leading the way on gun reform while republicans either stonewall or retire  members l…
emilia  mexica dancer  and miranda at may day 
i was on nbc san diego s politically speaking pushing for congress to prevent gun violence  i also discussed how ou…
as you may know  congress held hearings on online privacy with facebook s ceo  mark zuckerberg  take my new survey…
join me next week for a telephone town hall  constituents of district 30 should dial-in with their questions at 7 p…
equal pay for equal work  period  i m proud to support the paycheck fairness act  a bill congress must pass now …
it is now  realdonaldtrump s responsibility to control his impulsive behavior and give diplomacy a chance to work …
praise for nashville  mayorbriley for call for comprehensive gun reform after ar15 used to kill4and injure more a…
rt  wilmingtonmapd  the wilmington m a pd is seeking assistance in locating 16 year old katherine morona  she is believed to be in the lynn…
polluting pruitt is a disgrace at epa  the independent federal investigations continue to pile up  today  i cospons…
rt  repjohnyarmuth  just like trumpcare & the g o p tax scam before it  the trump budget will force america s working families to pay the pric…
rt  hispaniccaucus    hispaniccaucus is appalled that  dhsgov would try to use family separation as a deterrent aimed at families fleeing v…
that senate republican leadership could include like alexander/murray on health care or graham/durbin on immigratio…
rt  17thfab   tb6  met with mayor pete kmet and the rest of the tumwater  washington s city council to introduce himself and talk about the…
great meeting today with sandia national laboratories c3 offices to talk about tech transfer initiatives in nm 
fun time speaking to students at flushing high school  discussed my work in congress and answered questions about…
almost every day we see another example of how g o p tax scam is cash cow for megawealthy  nonpartisan jct found most…
i applaud the administration for successfully securing the release of the three americans held in north korea 
great to sit down and have a productive discussion with governor holcomb and members of the indiana congressional d…
groundwater is a key water source for communities across the u s   & it is vital for our san joaquin valley  we…
rt  hhsgov  according to  cdcgov data  deaths from drugoverdose are up among both men and women  all races  and adults of nearly all ages …
the original deal was dreamers for border security  now trump wants border security  a wall  end family reunificat…
since i won t be attending the  sotu   i ll be sending an oregon dreamer in my place to remind trump that these are…
rt  tedlieu  if this article is true  it shows cohen coordinated with  realdonaldtrump or his campaign  that makes the  130k payment to sto…
the protecting children from identity theft act  our commonsense fix to stop shameful  cowardly financial criminals…
one day  trump declares his intention to withdraw us troops from syria  the next  he doubles down on threats for in…
rt  repmceachin  it s tax day – which means my republican colleagues will be talking up the g o p tax scam until they are blue in the face  ju…
rt  thonyavellaneda  declaración de  repjackyrosen sobre un nuevo esfuerzo por votar una posible solución para los d r e a mers  daca  
glad to announce that with the passing of the federal omnibus deal   ct  will receive a 29% increase in funding for…
rt  fox32news  the traditional green dyeing of the chicago river to celebrate st  patrick s day has begun 
while we face the tragic opioid epidemic the  housegop is pushing cuts to medicaid  a major source of care and tre…
funny how jeff sessions stops caring about states  rights when he has a chance to push  realdonaldtrump s anti-immi…
over the weekend  team castro attended  txdotsanantonio meeting on upcoming improvements to nw military highway fro…
chip expired on september 30  2017  and congress still has not passed a clean reauthorization  too many children ac…
i will be on  foxnewssunday with chris wallace to discuss immigration and the census  9am et  8am pt on channel 11 in la 
rt  nancypelosi  d r e a mers  make sure you mail your daca renewal application today to make sure it s received by the oct 5 deadline 
with  nancypelosi talking about the president s reckless decision to withdraw from the iran deal  he has ejected us…
rt  edfaction    usrepkcastor is right  we can t lose sight of the real damage pruitt is trying to do by attacking public health safeguards
a mind to work  
i couldn t agree more 
rt  rd_sne  george krivda on air with  repjoecourtney on wili 1400am in willimantic  ct  george and joe talked about the new united service…
while big corporations and the wealthy get huge tax breaks  the g o p tax scam will raise taxes on 86 million middle-c…
i stand with the courageous women who stepped forward in the schneiderman case  holding public office requires the…
find a disposal location here  you can also dispose of medications throughout the year dur…
who is paying the price for g o p tax scam  you  medicare  social security & medicaid are now on paul ryan s chopping block  tax day
i was honored to administer the oath to ssgt matthew mallin for his re-enlistment in the  usairforce today  many th…
this afternoon  i joined the port townsend rotary to hear about what they re doing in our communities to grow busin…
 day in and day out  month after month and year after year  we just keep asking our children to prepare for a futur…
you created this crisis for american kids and young adults and you could end it today  stop 
congress must find a way to work together to keep americans safe  we ve had enough of the gunviolence status quo
rt  wetv  honoring the past  inspiring the future   clyburn  repdonaldpayne  repvaldemings black history month
my staff & i continue to work for the people of the san joaquin valley during the government shutdown  my fresno …
tracey is supporting the 7th annual great american shake sale this evening at the  shakeshack in christiana  thanks…
we have had three excellent cybersecurity coordinators since the late  great howard schmidt originated the positio…
we need to do more to protect arizona seniors from fraud  they deserve to enjoy the secure retirement they ve worke…
our country needs diplomacy and restraint  it needs adults in the room  it needs people who will stand up to the pr…
rt  capac  icymi   capac  chair  repjudychu s statement on trump administration s decision to add an untested citizenship question to censu…
proud to stand w/ &gt 180 colleagues & demand  potus rescind his latest attack on reprorights  birth control is healt…
breaking  nonpartisan  uscbo says house republican tax plan would explode the deficit by  1 7 trillion  fiscal cons…
rt  nextgov  bill from  reprokhanna and  repratcliffe would set 2-year deadline for agencies to get digital 
rt  brandikruse  u s   repadamsmith pledged today to help russians living in the u s  who are impacted by closure of u s  consulate in seat…
rt  randybeamer  animal cruelty charges dropped for all but one of those accused of sacrificing animals in west bexar county
trump s military parade is such a great idea that it s hard to imagine it coming from anyone who better understands…
government funding is set to run out in 3 legislative days  any newly negotiated deal must include a delay in…
this is an important win for parents who want to run for office  and just in time for mothers day  i was proud to j…
it s been 152 days since bump stocks were used in las vegas to kill 58 people and wound 489 others  0 action by congress  never again
china must now respect international law & the sovereignty of philippines & vietnam territories in south china sea
i applaud  nygovcuomo for taking action to protect new yorkers from offshore drilling and safeguarding ny waters 
there are more than enough votes in congress to pass a permanent fix for dreamers  they deserve a vote  today i jo…
we should steer our nation down the pathway to a safer and more peaceful world  not the pathway to war  this decisi…
today we held the 1st meeting of the joint select pensions committee  my vow  to speak up for the millions of work…
rt  oversightdems    repcummings asked gowdy to issue a subpoena to compel the  whitehouse to produce docs it has been withholding for mont…
there are seven separate investigations into scott pruitt s ethical lapses and reckless spending at the  epa   every…
soul wrenching  parkland is no different from la  this could happen anywhere  in any school  to anyone s kids  our…
rt  normajtorres    repeliotengel and i have been asking questions about drug money and  trump panama hotel  this takes it to a whole other…
trumpcare ends guaranteed essential health benefits like pregnancy  maternity & newborn care  prescription drugs &…
this bill grants the army corps of engineers the resources our community needs for future harbor maintenance projects in newburyport 
rt  officialcbc  congressional black caucus to host twitter town hall on community policing and police accountability c b c demands justice ht…
rt  officialcbc  today at 11 30 am et  the cbc will introduce the jobsand justice act  omnibus legislation that would  if passed  increase…
the 1st version of trumpcare wasn t bad enough  so the right-wing demanded more 
rt  noonpropa  prop a makes it easier for corporations to ship american jobs overseas and forces workers to accept low wages  we should not…
what if this is the year we finally take action to end gun violence  america is ready for change  see you in hartf…
clearly  we need to elevate our discussion of all fictional variable hominid-centric political structures  maybe th…
on  iwd2018  & throughout womens history month  we celebrate the extraordinary achievements women have made worldwide…
congratulations to  javierfor114 on an amazing victory in south florida tonight  our momentum is undeniable and we…
while we make up 50 8% of the country s population   
 tbt  to standing against domestic violence w/  repmaloney in 2007  this  dvam2016  & every month  we must support al…
congratulations to my friend and colleague  repmcgovern who we are fortunate to have assuming this meaningful role 
the gop is set on slashing our nation s most effective programs that help many families afford food  housing  healt…
loebsack  new cbo score reaffirms republicans  healthcare repeal plan will rip coverage from millions of americans
if you are experiencing issues filing your taxes via and need more time  you may file an ex…
rt  reuvencarlyle  a dignified  well written & gracious  seatimesopinion remembrance of our friend u s  rep  al swift  may his memory be a…
i joined many remarkable women from greater boston who serve in the national security sector for  widnational s mee…
rt  augustinamills  honored to have heard  repmaloney speak at lunch while being honored  juniorleague annual conference w/ the mary harrim…
tune-in to watch  senwhitehouse and  senatedems talk about how we must fight to protect our democracy from russian…
thank you  ambhealth of omaha for giving me a tour of your facility today  i m thankful for your work and special p…
our educators don t just teach our students  they shape the future  every day our teachers instill knowledge in our…
it s time for  epascottpruitt to step down  he has abused his position & catered to special interests instead of se…
my deepest condolences to all who knew and loved rabbi aaron panken  rabbi panken was a new yorker and a leader in…
rt  repteddeutch  7 000 pairs of shoes  7 000 children killed by gun violence since the sandy hook massacre in 2012  this  has  to  stop …
looking forward to meeting up with  lovebeets in  followebp this afternoon to make a big announcement   roc 
proud to cosponsor this needed legislation introduced by reps  jerrynadler   jacksonleetx18 and  repcohen to protec…
fattah team / real results / fattah announces increased neuroscience funding in fy16 omnibus via  yahoonews
the g o p tax scam was not written for middle class workers  in michigan  the richest 5% of earners get 64% of tax br…
great meeting with  petesessions & leading health experts to discuss the importance of investing in research & deve…
to honor that history  we must adopt immigration policies that are both compassionate and sensible  freedom of religion act
thank you  valerie  for your service to our community 
today i met with fire chiefs from western massachusetts including  chicopee_ma  longmeadowma  agawamtown…
happy easter  wishing everyone celebrating a joyous day with family and friends 
team vela proudly wearing red to honor international womens day
congrats to our 2018 congressional art competition winner alicia johnson from molalla high school for her submissio…
was the keynote speaker at the northeastern asia peace forum in queens today  it was great to address the korean-am…
proud to announce  213m of additional funding for disaster mitigation in south carolina  more here 
happening soon   senwarren and i will be joining grassroots advocates from across the country and individuals in re…
ln i joined  politicsnation  thereval 2 discuss gop mission 2 derail  aca  post election2014  waysmeanscmte
thankful to  cecilerichards for her kind words  at every turn  we have seen that when women succeed  america succee…
trump doesn t want you to know enrollment for health insurance starts today  rt to spread the word  get covered
president  emmanuelmacron s speech today showed more leadership than any of the addresses  realdonaldtrump has given in a year and half 
rt  santaclarauniv  yesterday fr  engh met w/ local reps to discuss issues central to our scu mission at the  jesuitcolleges congressional…
thank you president obama  obama farewell
we must set up our children for success  funding for mentalhealth in schools is imperative 
wishing good health & blessings during ramadan to those in south jersey & around the world observing the holy mont…
local dresser-rand plant featured in national event with  machinistsunion highlighting struggles of working familie…
i was hit in the head by a state trooper with a nightstick  i thought i saw death  i thought i was going to die …
today i signed discharge petitions for the special counsel independence protection act and the special counsel inte…
worth a read --&gt  what i learned about gun violence from students — and what president trump didn t
spoke with  annetrujillo7 for  denver7politics  covering everything from public lands to  daca    chip   and republi…
great spending time today with members of the new york state school board  we had a productive conversation about o…
i had a great time visiting paxton s corner coop in annawan today  thanks for teaching me about all the work you do 
i m about to speak on the house floor about why  ahca  is a bad deal for wi  watch here 
click the link to watch me question facebook ceo mark zuckerberg during the e&c facebook hearing  facebook must be…
it was great speaking with puerto rico gov   ricardorossello today  i ll cont to work with him along with the many…
rt  barackobama  dr  king was 26 when the montgomery bus boycott began  he started small  rallying others who believed their efforts matter…
the mueller investigation should continue until it reaches its natural and appropriate conclusion based on the law …
yesterday  my staff delivered more than 1 000 valentine cards to san fernando valley veterans and first responders …
staff at the centers for disease control and prevention  cdc  were even banned from using the words  evidence-based…
brooklyn  what s your favorite small business in  ny09   i spent my morning with my new friends at prospect gymnasti…
rt  emma4change  we are here for you  students of great mills 💗 together we can stop this from ever happening again
rt  jecdems  fastest real  gdp  growth over past 3 years in ca  co  tx  fl  ut and wa economy  bea_news
rt  erikaglovernbc6   it s no longer debatable that president trump is a racist   says  dwstweets  more of her response to  nbc6 regarding…
for 4 years  members of congress have been standing up for the chibok girls  thank you for your support   bbog… 
25 years after the family and medical leave act was signed into law  people need paidleave  a national plan like t…
it s time for the do nothing republican congress to do something about gun violence in america parkland
officer matthew baxter of the kissimmee police department  and sergeant sam howard of the kissimmee police departme…
glad to join milwaukie rotary who work to build a strong community by recognizing young leaders with their rotary y…
my heart goes out to the families affected by the florida school shooting – but we in congress need to act  we need…
great to meet with members of the ward 20 democratic committee in west roxbury this morning -- thank you to all who…
so-called fake news is becoming real indictments  need to ramp up investigations & for congress to play leading role
the kim family are guilty of some of the most appalling human rights violations in history  trump s affinity for f…
proud to lead the  prochoicecaucus today in calling on  housejudiciary to further investigate recent moves by…
on average  women are paid just 80 cents for every  1 paid to male counterparts  equalpay is not just a women s i…
the assad regime s chemical attack on civilians is a heinous war crime  we must work with our international partner…
glad to see the senate pass legislation to expand amber alerts in indian country last week  as the number of murder…
my statement condemning the trump administration s decision to open millions of acres of california desert to minin…
today  i had the pleasure of meeting with  nfbga and discussing legislation that promotes equal access  education …
every time we talk  i hear the same message loud and clear  to continue to thrive  we have to put politics aside an…
my statement in support of  hb166   legalizing medical cannabis in kentucky 
rt  monumentsforusa   it s a prime example of what the antiquities act was intended to protect   an invaluable encapsulation of tribal nati…
rt  erin_pelton  that s ambassador rice  senator  who was twice unanimously confirmed by the senate  was assistant secretary of state  a ns…
proud to support the muhammad ali expansion act  which extends boxing protections in current law to mixed martial a…
i m proud to stand with a true gun violence reform champion in the fight for common sense gun violence solutions th…
diplomacy is key to our national security  but  potus trump has proposed a 31% budget cut to the state department a…
rt  housedemocrats    rephanabusa  hi-01  and  tulsipress  hi-02  participated in a u s  senate commerce committee field hearing looking in…
govt officials should carry out their duties in a manner that avoids conflicts of interests  together w/…
washington dc residents voted for president for 1st time in 1964  52yrs later & fight for voting rights of all u scitizens continues 
rt  repdwightevans  i want to shine a🔦 on turning the tide an outreach ministry of taylor tabernacle in cobbs creek  i visited turning the…
happening now ⬇️⬇️⬇️
on yom hashoah  holocaust remembrance day  we mourn the loss of 11 million people  including six million jews  we r…
rt  energycommerce  watch environment ranking member  reppaultonko ask for clarity on  epascottpruitt s involvement in outrageous raises fo…
enough said  great editorial 
these are children and young adults who were brought to the u s  as small kids  and they know no other home but here in america 
rt  downwithtyranny  congress has a chance to get alan grayson back again
rt  thehill  dem lawmaker blasts diamond and silk appearance   this is a stupid and ridiculous hearing 
excited to announce that today  repdavidyoung  r-iowa  and i launched a bipartisan food waste caucus  join us to…
last week  susanwbrooks and i introduced the jake laird act to continue the momentum behind state laws that give la…
great meeting with  nvrestaurants today  hospitality is the backbone of nevada s economy  and our restaurants are a…
rt  kcdavesmith  celebrating  harlembgc re-opening with  cbrangel  i m proud to be part of  bgca_clubs family  helpkckids
we need to protect americans by passing the  gvro  act  banning bump stocks  expanding background checks  and preven…
i thank the superintendent for his years of service in the  usarmy and as the leader of  westpoint_usma  i wish him…
rt  repdonbeyer  w  juliabrownley  rephankjohnson  repesty at  uscapitol after no bill no break sit in  bradybuzz to say disarm hate
this administration has no heart for women and children  this time he goes after pregnant women  heartless trump en…
g o p budget in a nutshell  cuts state & local deduction for middle-class families  but keeps it for corporations 
it was a pleasure to host  chancellor_may in my washington office today  i have the honor of representing  ucdavis…
i led a letter with reps  smith  moulton and o rourke urging secretary mattis to stop trump from stealing money fro…
today  we lost a delaware icon  coach tubby raymond was an undeniable success on the field  but his legacy will liv…
i believe that by expanding job opportunities  improving our environment and investing in our transportation infras…
wishing all who are celebrating this easter sunday a joyous time with friends and family 
we cannot wait for another tragedy at a school or a church or an office to act  we must vote on these bills so memb…
the american people overwhelmingly support dreamers  they are productive members of our communities and many now ha…
my statement on today s announcement of independent oversight of investigation into shooting of stephon clark 
i signed a letter to  epascottpruitt today  telling him to keep his promise to abide by the 2009 endangerment findi…
tax day reminder  speaker ryan wants to pay for his massive tax giveaway to the wealthy and huge corporations by cu…
rt  reptedlieu  democrats have repeatedly called for investigations into the trump admin s culture of corruption  unfortunately  the gop-con…
rt  1millennial_  i voted today for  repbrendanboyle  senbobcasey and more dems down the ballot  p a primary
read my op-ed in the  eastbaytimes about president trump s ongoing attack on those most vulnerable in our communiti…
open enrollment is shorter this year than in the past – nov  1 to dec  15  don t miss your chance to get covered at…
our nation has at times created & enforced unjust laws  it is up to people of conscience to expose such injustice through nonviolent means 
now  apparently  epascottpruitt is trading favors with lobbyists and taking private jets  this administration kee…
reminder  today from 12-2pm hst  our staff will be available for one-on-one federal agency casework assistance at t…
for 50 yrs ago  medicare has protected health & well-being of american families  saving lives  & improving nation s economic security  1/
today house judiciary democrats interviewed cambridge analytica whistleblower christopher wylie …
i got  dctag  in 1999 working with a republican house and senate and a democratic president  it s gotten broad bipar…
rt  transequality    repjoekennedy   we will not stand silent as kyle duncan derides our transgender neighbors   stop duncan courts matter…
rt  hispaniccaucus  trump & republicans helping hispanics  ❌ terminated  daca  ❌ abandoned hispanic outreach for  aca  ❌ passed tax scam ❌ e…
what do we want  equal pay  when do we want it  today 
wishing everyone celebrating a happy first night of hanukkah 
my statement on pg&e s announcement this morning that diablo canyon power plant will not seek relicensing past 2025 
as a doctor who has helped care for veterans  i know how much our vets sacrifice for our country – it s critical we…
i ve got a lot of say in congress for bills that affect folks in  mn07  
stitch house brewery on market street is officially open  d eon tap
raining outside  no problem  the people of east new york aren t phased congress on your corner marches on 
exhibit a for why schools shouldn t be made into combat zones  if an 11-year reserve police veteran can t handle a…
proud to wear my  delstateuniv colors in celebrating 150 years of excellence for our h b c us  h b c u strong
great to see the momentum continuing to build for paid sick days across the u s  
rt  chandlerjwalsh     repmcgovern speaks ahead of  flyworcester  s 5k relay race celebrating 500 000 jetblue passengers through the airpor…
st  louis park council voted unanimously to adopt the climate action plan  this is the first plan in minnesota des…
rt  eriecountyny  today is all women s equal pay day  learn more about what  eccstatuswomen is doing to promote gender equality for women s…
rt  funder  thank you to  tomperez   keithellison and other party leaders for filing a lawsuit against the trump campaign and the russian g…
today we observe international womens day and the vast accomplishments that have been made by women across the globe…
rt  reprokhanna  we must continue to seek safer  less addictive alternatives to opioid prescriptions  that is why i stand with rep   peterw…
rt  tulsipress   icymi   reps  tulsi gabbard   rephanabusa introduce bill to increase hawaii  nationwide civil defense preparedness
make my day  mr  president 
senior u s  diplomats told the trump administration that terminating temporary protected status  tps  for 300 000 c…
it is with great joy that i wish everyone in the sikh community in the ninth congressional district and throughout…
there are too many pregnant women and children who rely on chip for affordable health care  we need a clean  bipart…
rt  msnbc   what does  trump  have to be afraid of  and why is he going through such lengths to try to discredit the special counsel  —  re…
today  i met with emergency medical services  ems  personnel from nevada and thanked them for their hard work  we d…
in oregon  daca youth contribute over  605 million to our economy  they re our neighbors  friends  & colleagues  we…
rt  csgv  our executive director  joshuamhorwitz joined  eleanornorton  mayorbowser &  repteddeutch to demand  marcorubio withdraw his bill…
sonoma county – please be advised that the national weather service has warned of hazardous weather conditions unti…
useful guidance from  jblm_pao on how to spot an online scam 
it is also your job to protect the constitution and the rule of law   senatemajldr 
it s the administration s duty to respect the independent investigation mueller is conducting into foreign meddling…
rt  cspanwj  icymi   repgregorymeeks  d-ny  spoke about the potential military action by the u s  in syria amid the increased tensions with…
dr  martin luther king jr  said  there comes a time when silence becomes betrayal   and i will not stay silent rega…
yes  your campaign colluded 
rt  globalgrind  in this edition of  when the cheeto dust settles   trump will learn to stop playing with auntie  repmaxinewaters
there s nothing like throwing out the first pitch of the baseball season  it was great to once again be out at wes…
thank you  repsires for attending today s semana dominicana on capitol hill 
rt  giffordscourage  important editorial from the  bostonglobe on  repryancostello and  repkathleenrice s bipartisan domestic violence bill…
take a look at my column in the  gazettedotcom today  iowans know  but we have to make sure  realdonaldtrump also k…
today  i was proud to introduce a resolution naming april 26 as international chart day  at a time when we are cons…
wanted  new state sec  deeply partisan  military-first  islamophobe who excels at validating  potus s worst instinc…
final touches before today s  standing on the shoulders of giants  celebration at grace baptist church in…
 deannanmc this is the campaign twitter  i need to direct you to official website where you can sign up for alerts
the residents of queens & li deserve to live in peace & quiet  as co-chair of the quiet skies caucus  i helped incl…
the  epa has been entangled with secrecy  waste of taxpayer   and widespread conflicts of interest thanks to…
rt  piedmontemc  we appreciate congressman  gkbutterfield taking time to speak with us today about issues important to co-ops across north…
have a very happy thanksgiving  and please stay safe 
rt  fundermueller   drdenagrayson  steph56renee  alangrayson  christynroyce  frances_fisher  rickoverton 👍👍👍👍👍👍👍
due to a scheduling conflict with woodbury city hall  tomorrow s woodbury office hours are canceled  my staff wil…
russians continue to attack our country  american lives are at risk  stop playing footsie with your boy vladimir an…
if president trump wanted to see our nation s military might up-close  maybe he shouldn t have sought five defermen…
congratulations planned parenthood  thank you for providing women and families with an invaluable service for 100 y…
rt  johnwdean  there is no bottom to the which trump s white house staff is unwilling to go in degrading the american presidency  that this…
congratulations to the villanova wildcats on their 79-62 win over michigan  i admit that i didn t do such a great…
gross incompetence  life-threatening and impeachable that trump revealed highly classified information to russians
it was a pleasure to meet so many students from west windsor-plainsboro south at the capitol today  hope to continu…
rt  ellemagazine  maxine waters does not feel vindicated yet
looking forward to seeing everyone tomorrow morning at our town hall — 10am at the el paso community foundation roo…
public lands are national treasures & belong to all americans  yet they are under attack by the trump administratio…
tonight s  sotu  address failed to recognize that immigration is not a war of words  it is about real people s lives…
to all those who are observing in  ma3   ramadan mubarak  ramadan
rt  replloyddoggett  since 2006  the average cost for a year of medication for someone with a chronic disease has more than doubled to over…
join me tonight for a town hall in palmerton 
rt  ladepthealth   reprichmond  nwlc  aarplouisiana  nationalcouncil currently  louisianians on medicaid receive affordable care w/ no out-…
ryan gone  freedom caucus in revolt  house republicans in full meltdown mode  we will keep the pressure on resist a better deal
harmful pfas chemicals have been found around military installations across the u s   contaminating drinking water …
cheering on my scheduler tina s son ralph dequebec  team u s a so proud 
change agents   
rt  oversightdems  new  all oversight committee democrats ask gowdy to subpoena department of justice documents withheld on 2020 census cit…
here we come 
  realdonaldtrump should do what is right for veterans & allow deputy secretary thomas bowman to serve as acting s…
i challenged hud secretary carson as to why under his fy19 budget request  the cdbg program - which has helped mill…
loebsack introduces legislation to provide job training for veterans
rt  elborzthefirst  54 days until the election  prince george s county is ready  maryland_first  vanhollenformd  brownformd  whiphoyer
congress should formally censure president trump for his incredibly racist and vulgar remarks  what he said denigra…
read my statement on the g o p tax scam as was approve by the ways and means committee
as i have said  we need a national approach to gun safety  but we cannot wait to do what s right in delaware  we mu…
congratulations to the 15 high school students from new mexico who received a prestigious national merit scholarshi…
a few things  realdonaldtrump doesn t  like or want  to invest in  - opioid epidemic - mental health care - chip -…
my statement on president trump s decision to withdraw from the iran nuclear deal 
happy national puppy day  looking for a four legged friend to celebrate with   lacoanimalcare has plenty of pups lo…
the second district is home to a booming solar sector  we also have great programs that train residents for the am…
further proof that  epascottpruitt was lying to congress to cover his corruption  it s long past time for his resig…
read my full statement here 
will gop supporters who rightly demanded that dem members of congress disassociate with louis farrakhan now demand…
at the  ussupremecourt for arguments in abbot v  perez  a case based on principles of the voting rights act of 1965…
thanks to the mueller investigation  we better know how the russians interfered in the 2016 election  our citizens…
the  seaurbanleague has been working to improve our community for almost 90 yrs  i enjoyed sitting down w/the new c…
truly a great day for brooklyn  nyc and our region  creating jobs  removing trucks from our streets and improving…
rt  oversightdems    repcummings  during the entire trump administration  this committee has not issued a single subpoena-not one-to any fe…
thank you for your leadership  president fuchs  it s great to be a florida gator  🐊
i m disappointed by today s vote confirming mr  pompeo as secretary of state  we need an effective chief diplomat …
i voted today  central ohioans  be sure you do too by may 8th  your vote matters your voice your vote
today marks the 8th anniversary of the  aca   since being enacted  20 million americans have gained access to health…
rt  hispaniccaucus  trump & republicans helping hispanics  ❌ terminated  daca  ❌ abandoned hispanic outreach for  aca  ❌ passed tax scam ❌ e…
 delwilber  wsj house homeland security committee must hold hearings as well 
this mania has to stop  the  nra  is a menace in our society and paralyzes members of congress from doing what they…
in our letter  we encouraged the  ftc to thoroughly investigate facebook s actions and  in the event that it finds…
as the  scotus  hears arguments on trump s travelban  i urge my colleagues to support my no religious registry act to…
the bill would also create an affiliated national network of sites from the reconstruction period  thanks to…
rt  reploisfrankel  equal pay day recognizes that women must work 3 extra months just to earn the same pay as men  closing the gender wage ga…
rt  hurdonthehill  tune in to  facethenation now to learn about how our bipartisan u s aact offers a solution for  daca  and bordersecurity…
thank you  militaryofficer for your service & advocacy on behalf of fellow veterans  🇺🇸
i ll go to bat for the city like i always have – now we need them to do their part 
proud to join  cotabus   columbusgov   aepohio   morpc   odot_statewide   l_brands and many other partners to keep…
 potus the trump administration needs to begin actively working with congress to make a serious down payment on tre…
happy to rep my akron pride  330 shirt day
this week  let us stand together on the right side of history in saying never again 
naloxone is useful to fight opioid abuse  but it does little to end the cycle of addiction  the  surgeon_general …
detroit bankruptcy court to beef up its bench  via  _tylerthetyler_
8 years ago  america suffered deepwater horizon  the largest oil spill in its history  today   secretaryzinke &…
wishing all those observing yom kippur a meaningful & easy fast  g mar chatima tova 
rt  abc  pruitt s epa should not have paid for busted condo door  congresswoman betty mccollum says   i know that congress appropriates m…
on this memorial day2016 please take time to remember our brave servicemen and women who gave their lives protecting our freedom 
    heroic american s courageous fight – is there any decency in this administration and where is the apology from…
as the islamic holy month of ramadan begins  i wish my constituents who are observing ramadan a ramadan mubarak  ma…
homelessness in seattle is a real crisis  it is time for real shared responsibility  a head tax  along with fixin…
rt  sangerkatz  interesting bill from ami bera  would change the timing of the aca open enrollment period so it lined up with tax season  h…
es imposible resumir 8 años llenos de acción y logros en 5 minutos 
rt  thehill  eleanor holmes norton  rubio is a  hypocrite  for supporting gun age limit while backing bill to end it in dc
it was so nice to meet with students from edgemont jr /sr  high school in washington yesterday  stop by any time 
happy mothers day to all  today we celebrate all the mothers who do so much for their children  and for their famil…
we must refuse to accept gun violence as normal  i stand with students from oregon to florida speaking up and makin…
rt  bermudapremier  attended a meeting hosted by rep  g k butterfield  with rep  james clyburn  rep  yvette clarke  rep  sheila jackson  de…
at ca doj  we are committed to protecting our environment  we proudly celebrate earth day – a day that was establis…
rt  repteddeutch  epa spokesman claims that  epascottpruitt testifying before congress is an opportunity to reiterate accomplishments  i d…
az is having its first ever teacher strike today b/c its students & teachers deserve better  underfunding schools t…
rt  officialcbc    repmarciafudge spoke about the jobs part of the bill  jobs and justice  mr  president  since you want to make sure poor…
tx has the highest rate of maternal mortality in the developed world  limiting access to birth control & restrictin…
two more cosponsors for d c statehood on the board  thank you   repbarragan and  jimmygomezca for supporting our fig…
a3  the trump administration s policies are tearing immigrant women from their children and families  the admin s c…
thank you  patricia wise  for sharing your expertise at our hearing on sexual harassment in the service sector  i a…
we took action in maryland after the tragedy at sandy hook  so must congress today 
looking forward to lombardi trophy number six  new england to win and cover the spread  you heard it here  go pats …
hall of fame photo caption  i m sure that s all  colinkahl was after in helping to develop and negotiate a comprehe…
stay tuned  i am digging through my inbox  and spam folder  for what passes for  compelling content  in end-of-quar…
rt  moaflcio  poverty rates are higher in  right-to-work  states  repeal r t w vote no on prop a
 nometrealtors  nickalbares lastly  why does your organization find this plan to be an overall bad idea for louisia…
republicans are pushing a  balanced budget amendment  that would force massive cuts to medicare  medicaid  & ss  th…
i just asked  ajitpaifcc  did trump or other wh officials or transition team discuss sinclair  both generally or a…
a positive step  but the  fec & congress need to do more to stop foreign actors from influencing our elections 
today  i spoke at  rwc340b  340b  briefing to address the benefits communities receive because of this program  than…
i am proud to have a perfect score on  lcvoters national environmental scorecard  l c v scorecard
rt  craigcaplan   cspan  repdinatitus  repkihuen   repjackyrosen  d-nv    i urge congress to stop wasting time & taxpayers money on yucca m…
rt  machinistsunion  thanks for always standing for fair trade and american workers   repmarkpocan  and nice union-made suit 
proud to see my bill w/  virginiafoxx  repmccaul &  nitalowey  h res  835  passed unanimously today in the house 
rt  hfacdemocrats  rm  repeliotengel s statement on holocaust remembrance day 
we are canvassing with mark walker this weekend  it could be our last chance to get him on the ballot--we need   
also  we re doing more to ensure veterans are able to receive medical treatments and compensation for their exposur…
rt  housebudgetdems  ranking member  repjohnyarmuth  the budgets we debate in this committee are about choices  choices that directly affec…
today we remember the tragedy at columbine  we mourn the lives lost but this is also a sobering reminder of how lit…
rt  repwilson  for 4 years  members of congress have been standing up for the chibok girls  thank you for your support   bbog   repadams  re…
today at the  hcba_lris s annual law day celebration i spoke on the 2018 theme of  separation of powers  and was ha…
rt  msnbc   american people must stand up     some people are saying that  well we ll vote  in 2020  we cannot stand that  we cannot wait f…
fantastic to see nyc leading the charge on sexual harassment prevention & accountability  thank you & congrats to…
thanks to americorps members across the country who are creating positive change in our communities  ameri corps week
yesterday  president obama signed my bill to bring a new va medical facility to omaha into law   ne02 
my message to the house  do not give up on taking action that is serious and will actually protect dreamers and the…
new york state has a great legacy of powerful women who have paved the way at for me  congresswoman shirley chishol…
i m leading a bipartisan effort to make sure the russian sanctions that overwhelmingly passed congress 517-5 are fu…
another bad decision coming from the  epa under  epascottpruitt—this time on fuel economy standards for automobiles…
rt  agbecerra  here s the lawsuit we filed last night against  realdonaldtrump s census2020 decision  california simply has too much to l…
it s always wonderful to have students from louisville visit the  uscapitol and see where our laws are made & how g…
the selection of eastern ct for the original naval installation was the result of an effort by one of my predecesso…
congrats to r i gov for a day anna lacroix  her administration is fighting to reduce gunviolence  guarantee fairpay …
barbara bush was a gift to our nation  she brought grace and civility to all she did  as a person of faith  a champ…
i m proud to have led on the bipartisan fra safety data improvement act to secure america s rails with real safety…
the gop wants to wage political war where we worship  let s not politicize our church pews  tell your senators  def…
look who i found on capitol hill advocating for our national parks and public lands  you ve got a friend in me …
ongoing power failures in puerto rico remain unacceptable  that is why i joined my colleagues in a letter asking fo…
rt  repcohen  i joined  anacabrera on  cnnnewsroom last night for a discussion on the future of deputy ag rosenstein &the mueller investi…
the trump administration s environmental head needs to quit spending taxpayer money on trips to italy and morocco a…
thread  meet sal  an army veteran and carmichael native who served during the vietnam war  he was diagnosed with pr…
thanks to everyone who voted yesterday & congrats to all of our nominees  let s work together to elect democrats in november  mapoli
director pompeo s nomination might mean a secretary of state who is more in sync with  realdonaldtrump  but it won …
one of the biggest problems with trump s offensive immigration diatribes  they re not based in sound research  most…
this is yet another example of the  realdonaldtrump administration talking a big game on national security but taki…
today i questioned homeland security secretary kirstjen nielsen during a house security committee oversight hearing…
thank you  penewbould  alz_wa and  memorybrain_uw  for the warm welcome  now let s  endalz 
cutting billions of funding over the next ten years in nutritional assistance for families is not reasonable reform…
the  housegop keep spewing alternative facts about its g o p tax scam  they just want to give a tax break to the compa…
rt  repmcnerney  it s been four years and families in flint are still relying on filters and bottled water  clean drinking water is a basic…
the trump administration once again choosing failed ideology over scientific evidence is bad enough  but the hypocr…
in 2017  more than  450 000 were returned to my constituents in san diego & imperial valley through casework assist…
it was an honor and privilege to meet with students at  cairohighschool earlier today  the students of today are th…
rt  repgutierrez  thanks jim  repmcgovern for inviting me and thanks a million to the people of worcester mass for showing up at the y wit…
the budget proposal was not worthy of support  apart from troubling special interest provisions—from unnecessary an…
today i am calling on leaders to keep congress in session during august to provide certainty and stabilize the health insurance markets
the purpose of government is to protect people  not hurt them  i remain opposed to republican health care legislation  vote no a h c a
rt  repwilson  4 years and 4 days later  our commitment to the movement to bring back our girls is steadfast   rephastingsfl  lacyclaymo1  re…
the continuous pattern of disparate student discipline warrants action 
i m honored to have him join me at the state of the union to reaffirm our american values  we are truly a nation of…
rt  senricardolara  ty to the ca congressional delegation for standing with me to urge  barackobama admin to approve health4 all waiver  ht…
history teachers do so much to inspire our kids and prepare them to become our next generation of leaders  proud to…
may the4th be with you  always
🙌meanwhile  in washington d c we are fighting back against the  housegop  balanced budget amendment  that strips mon…
rt  repdianadegette  on equal pay day  we confront the double burden of sexism & racism in the fight to achieve pay equity  women on average…
honored to be recognized by the american society of agronomy  crop science society of america and soil science soci…
hard-working americans who planned their whole lives for a financially secure retirement should not have those ass…
always enjoy speaking with constituents at the newington ct senior center  we spoke about how to improve our health…
i can t say i m surprised that the president s proposals are just another gift to big pharma  i will continue to fi…
i joined  thelastword with  lawrence o donnell on  msnbc to discuss republicans  reluctance to act as trump brings…
treated my staff at members dining room to thank them for years of invaluable service  they re family  so it ain t…
the every student succeeds act became law two years ago today  replacing the one size-fits-all system of no child l…
rt  wolfforpa  join me live today at 11 00 am with  repdonnabullock   repdwightevans  artist  meekmill  and other leaders for a call to tak…
the fcc s decision to repeal net neutrality rules will destroy the way we access the internet  we have to protect c…
happy mothers day to all the moms working hard to provide for their families - especially my own  who has always be…
rt  repjerrynadler  it is time to end the lies and ensure women hear the truth about their right to abortion   reproductive health care  tha…
trump s personal cell phone usage could be a national security threat  together w/  reprubengallego we sent a lette…
rt  kentphotos  congressman mike thompson came to the press democrat s newsroom to acknowledge our october wildfire coverage and our  pulit…
true public servants  my two sisters and all the other teachers who are our everyday heroes  thank them today & eve…
my pleasure  c2r5w ~ my door is always open 
i m proud to receive the  massnurses  endorsement  nurses are on the frontlines taking care of working families eve…
rt  govsandoval  i have ordered the flags to half-staff today as a mark of respect and in remembrance of dean rhoads and in honor of all la…
great to host james barnes and our fla boilermakers  ibbunion in washington  united we stand  flaflcio…
starting a business in san diego  join  northsdsbdc this friday for a workshop on how to finance your new business …
rt  texascorn  from ethanol plants to cotton gins   repcuellar took a tour of the panhandle and texasagriculture  support our representati…
with nearly 40% of taxpayers who make  50k-75k a year benefiting from the state & local tax deduction  it s hard to…
  tonystrickland bringing scary characters to  ca26  this year  make sure they re gone on nov 6 
it was great meeting with my friends from  theironworkers local 433  i ve enjoyed working with them to protect coll…
rt  martinomalley  saying a prayer for  senjohnmccain and his family tonight  a true american hero and patriot 
every dollar invested into  snap  helps families to combat hunger and generates  1 79 of economic activity  the gop…
best female rap collab ever  lil  kim — quiet storm  remix  lil  kim speaks the dun language  pays homage to a fem…
this is the 2 232-page   1 300 000 000 000 omnibus spending bill that was introduced at 8 30pm last night and just…
i ve cosponsored  repjaredpolis  student non-discrimination act because it s time to put an end to discrimination i…
linda brown is proof that no one is too young to make history  her passing serves both as a reminder of how far our…
join me may 19  at the  highmuseumofart 2- 4 p m   for the unveiling of some great art that will celebrate winners…
this teacher appreciation week  we celebrate our teachers  thank you for all that you do -- not just this week  but…
many have been here since 1999 and have become a part of the american tapestry  building families  starting busines…
we need more leaders like  mclyburnfcc  helping low-income families  internet users  people of color and incarcerat…
rt  seniorcorps  all week long  our friends at  americorps are celebrating ameri corps week  follow them on twitter   americorps  or on face…
congress should act immediately to express our disapproval for this reckless move  the path to global peace and pro…
the joint comprehensive plan of action was negotiated through cooperation  and it hinges on verification that iran…
rt  abcpolitics    repjerrynadler  any move by pres  trump against mueller probe  would appear to be the actions of someone who knows he is…
rt  usgpo  congratulations to the graduates of gpo s 61st apprentice class  gpo was honored to have  repraskin give remarks at the ceremo…
heartbreaking story 
rt  repteddeutch  more than half of teens surveyed ages 13 to 17 — 57 percent — worry about a school shooting  a quarter of that group said…
rt  greenhousenyt  this has a very bad odor &gt &gt  china s government approves a  500 million for a trump project in indonesia  and 72 hours l…
as one of the 419 house members who voted to impose sanctions on russia in response to their attack on our democrac…
rt  repjohnyarmuth  saddened to hear of the passing of my friend and colleague   louiseslaughter  my statement 
together with  hurdonthehill  our it subcommittee has taken a bipartisan approach to bringing government technology…
clue  this  ucf sophomore finished third in the  jeopardy college championship and has a very fitting last name …
thanks to my co-chairs  repryancostello &  repgwenmoore & the  ntfsdv for your expertise & support as we gear up to…
rt  vamscan  we appreciate the continued support of congresswoman  eleanornorton and her staff m sactivist  msppc2018 
we lost a hero who was fighting fires to protect lives  my heart goes out to cory s family 
two more days of high school voter registrations and assemblies across davidson county  project register t n
the president s speech last night included exactly what was expected  equation of immigrants to criminals  hollow p…
i am deeply saddened to hear of the passing of lana jones  lana was a compassionate and thorough reporter and a won…
congratulations insha kittur  her doodle is the winning entry from il & is part of the national contest to be featu…
rt  oversightdems   repcummings  replynch   repcummings  replynch to chairman gowdy  issue subpoenas to compel the wh/hhs to finally produc…
my statement on the airstrikes in syria 
norton steps out of her congressional role to entertain at hexagon  tonight via   eleanornorton
i believe  hb280  must be stopped  students have a right to learn without fear  gapol
rt  nitalowey  some of interior secretary zinke s actions  like flying a flag when present at the department  or handing out commemorative…
it s outrageous that my republican colleagues on the house intelligence committee stand completely at odds with our…
today i attended the oral argument before the u s  supreme court in abbott v  perez  the texas racial gerrymanderin…
consumers won a major victory this week  15 years after i first introduced menu labeling legislation  and 8 years a…
trump is particularly angry about are the family members of us citizens   which is kind of strange  because he does…
one year ago today   housegop voted to take health coverage away from 24 million americans  including 7 million cov…
fantastic news  way to go  d c  
read the letter my  energycommerce colleagues & i sent to equifax ceo seeking answers around the massive data breach
applications are still available to renew  daca   if you previously received daca and your daca expired on or after…
the blue wave is real  and it just swept away paul ryan  november6
in last 6 months wisconsinites have faced far too much uncertainty with their health care  i hope last night put an end to partisanship 
rt  aflcio   i feel a revolution is coming on  i feel the spirit of dr  king  we must never give up    jacksonleetx18  iam2018 
the policing of brown bodies going about their lives -- falling asleep while studying for finals  waiting for a mee…
tax cuts don t pay for themselves  so how do republicans want to pay for the g o p tax scam  by cutting crucial benefi…
this budget seeks to dismantle the social safety net  that is not right  it is not fair  and it is not just  every…
students demand action  so proud of your efforts to save the lives of thousands of americans--both in the years to c…
rt  mocosentinel  democrats win electionnight2016 in montgomery county  markpoetker  montgomerycomd  jamie_raskin  repsarbanes  brownformd…
read my op-ed in  thehill about policy questions congress needs to address in the wake of reporting about  facebook…
rt  littlemissflint  four years ago the state of michigan decided it was in their best interest to save money to switch flint s water sourc…
when will too much become too much in order for congress to do something about the senseless killings in our country 
thanks  conservancyswfl & captains for clean water for being now or neverglades champions  together  we can restore…
this bill funds a pilot program to extend broadband internet to rural areas  i ve been calling for this for years …
i m proud to have voted for  aca  8 years ago and will continue to fight for american families to keep their health insurance protect our care
happy earth day  delaware  it s our shared responsibility to be stewards of the environment so that future generat…
someone in trumptower should tell  realdonaldtrump that to reenact a prejudicial policy is un-american & unworthy to uphold our constitution
rt  sensherrodbrown  great seeing the women of  dstinc1913 – including the inimitable  repmarciafudge and  repbeatty – at delta days at the…
always impressed with the engaged  inquisitive students at franklin high school  big thanks to fhs senior…
i ll be live on  msnbc in the next 10 minutes to discuss trump s meeting with north korea s dictator and the most r…
the new law increases the deficit dramatically  keeps the tax code complicated  prioritizes corporations over peopl…
and he trump couldn t sit still that long and allow someone else to be honored and center of attention and he woul…
rt  teamusa  twenty  twenty   maddie_rooney35  team u s a s goalie  is just 20 years old  she stopped a four time olympian in her tracks & he…
  fjcsafe ex  dir  mary travers murphy spoke of judge bloch rodwin s compassion and ability to build partnerships c…
tune in  on air now  am1690 talking about our health fair  8/19  with  atlantavamc 
rt  shannonyoung413    reprichardneal  ma lawmakers seek update on civil war medal of honor case m apoli
 thank you  mr  trump   how the president drove me to run for congress  inspiring story by a great lady 
i am also working on legislation that would clarify the food and drug administration  fda  s authority to consider…
this is a temporary success for d r e a mers  but we cannot rely on the courts alone to protect these young men and wo…
according to  nidanews  more than 115 americans die of an opioid overdose every day  on this…
we re live  tune in  defend democracy
     9 9 billion for head start  which is  610 million more than 2017 funding 
rt  nowthisnews   i do not yield  not one second to you  not one second   — rep  maxine waters will never stop reclaiming her time
rt  ilrf  we thank reps  janschakowsky  keithellison  rephankjohnson for meeting with tomas membreño of  festagro to discuss labor rights i…
every member of congress who cares about keeping our brave men & women in uniform out of harm s way must strenuousl…
get covered today  you only have until midnight to visit to buy or change your health care…
this week s action steps 
today we commemorate vietnam war veterans day  vietnam veterans are heroes who deserve our respect  our gratitude  &…
joined rep  scott taylor  the 2nd calvary baptist church men s ministry  community leaders  program emcee kurt will…
today marks one week since the shooting in parkland  fl  words are not enough  we have a responsibility to protect…
mr  president  if you fire the special counsel or deputy ag you will start a constitutional crisis that will end in…
in jersey  we don t just take a punch and snake away to the corner  i m proud to have introduced the new jersey tax…
on this may day  we salute the hard workers that make our economy run  we also celebrate the labor movements that w…
rt  reptimwalz  instead of working together with democrats in good faith  house ag republicans are taking up their partisan farm bill  whic…
rt  newrepublic   this is hate  not policy    mikehonda17 told us today 
earth day is a time to recognize just how important it is to protect our natural resources 
during the month of february  we pause to reflect on the invaluable contributions african americans have made throu…
the  gop s disaster supplemental does not do enough to address the needs of puerto rico & the u s virgin islands afte…
honored to be able to join you  together  we can end gun violence now
this is unacceptable and should not be happening in our country  i will continue working in congress to help…
rt  floorcharts  who  rep  nanette barragan  d-california  twitter   repbarragan when  march 2018 what  doris davis watch on c-span re…
rt  repteddeutch  say their names and remember them 
rt  houseagdems  when ranking member peterson first got here  we didn t have twitter  however we did have a functioning  bipartisan process…
2 points   1  trump should respect the rule of law and stop trying to shut down the mueller probe   2  he s had so…
rt  repdankildee    repdwightevans  happy birthday  glad we can work together on growing middle neighborhoods around the country 
from my family to yours  happy easter to all who celebrate on the central coast  easter sunday
same gop congress that passed an unfunded  1 5t corporate tax cut is now shutting down the government because they…
just spent the afternoon at dulaney high school working with local high school students investing a hypothetical  1…
today we remember the 1 5 million armenian men  women  and children who were systemically murdered during the…
rt  mayorbowser  we can have the 2nd amendment and have can common sense gun laws  and  marcorubio  keep your hands off d c values  no marco n…
rt  housesbcdems  sba s office of native american affairs provides free technical assistance  and paths to secure capital  to native americ…
  epascottpruitt needs to go  his abuse of government spending doesn t just cross professional and moral boundaries…
yes mr  president but your new national security advisor said do go into iraq — and still thinks it was a good idea…
the gop s handout for the wealthiest americans   repsandylevin and i on the gop s estate tax repeal
honduras tps helps texas -- 6 900 workers in texas are honduran tps holders  who contribute  404 2 million annually…
my heart breaks for those involved in the deadly apartment fire in london  my thoughts & prayers are with the families and victims 
rt  msnbc  maxine waters   they are now tax-and-spend republicans 
the senate judiciary committee has reported favorably the  special counsel independence and integrity act  to prote…
rt  datadelawaregov  we re here to serve  send your dataset suggestions here  net d e opendata delaware
any attempt to revive yucca mountain threatens the health and safety of nevadans  i m fighting against this adminis…
four years later and 110 chibok girls are still missing  we can t give up until we bring back our girls 
  housegop is voting again on their g o p tax scam because they rushed the process & didn t know what was in their own…
rt  repbarbaralee  the firing of special counsel bob mueller would trigger a constitutional crisis the likes of which we haven t seen since…
it is clear that the rationale for authoring  declassifying  and ultimately releasing the memo was to discredit our…
early this morning  my colleagues on the house armed services committee   hascdemocrats  hascrepublicans  and i app…
  realdonaldtrump just said that everyone wants changes to our background check system  fact friday so let s pass…
 repjeffdenham republicans and democrats agree-- it s time to pass a permanent  legislative fix for dreamers …
congress needs to act on gun violence prevention measures  the people  our kids  are demanding action  team26 en…
today i will call for a second historic vote to impeach an unfit president  on which side of history will congress…
republicans control the white house and both chambers of congress  yet continue to fail the american people by refu…
as a member of the house intelligence committee  i assure you  it has not concluded that there was no collusion  no…
rt  akszymanski   if you want to help a wounded warrior  hire one    gerryconnolly - cosponsor of bill addressing  militaryofficer s priori…
read my taxtalk blog and see the full list of harmful provisions
fact  if you create a savings plan you are 2x more likely to spend less than you earn   flm2018  learn more 
i m excited to announce the 2018 congressional art competition  high school students from  fl07  can now submit thei…
the  fcc took away a free and open internet  i am supporting legislation that will bring net neutrality back …
read how rep  tulsi gabbard s securing america s elections act would protect us election infrastructure from cyber-…
important m asnow storm safety tips for today and tomorrow provided by  massema below 
comey s firing is an abuse of power & flies in the face of the rule of law  no question we must now have independent investigator re russia
today we announced a  3 25m grant from  bloombergdotorg that will help de continue its focus on in-demand occupatio…
this is what democracy looks like  lot s of energy at silver spring rally ourrepsshowup 2017 town hall
as a former u s  navy fighter pilot  she understands the importance of being properly trained & prepared for all si…
rt  reprokhanna  as betsy devos flip flops on education  i hope she will keep each student in mind pursuing their dreams  we cannot afford…
in my meeting with  ibew representatives  we talked about ways we can improve nevada s infrastructure  thank you fo…
rt  deanobeidallah  tonight  reprubengallego  d-arizona  is on my  sxmprogress show to talk trump s  cabinet of corruption   the gop s effo…
today s funding crisis began almost four months ago on october 1  2017  and until a budget is established for our m…
grateful to the  fbi for their efforts in finding this evil individual  without these dedicated men and women  who…
 libcelebs and by the way  you look uncannily like ronald reagan  now that was a republican of grace and decency 
knowing how to use a gun should not be a pre-requisite for teaching  whether it is kindergarten or high school chem…
aids  1 cause of death among adolescents in africa & 2 worldwide we must end this epidemic for good world a i d s day
at 9am i ll be on  greatdaywash with parkland students  delaneytarr and  sarahchadwickk to discuss tomorrow s…
california has officially passed great britain & become the 5th largest economy in the world  proving california s…
join the  hispaniccaucus for a tweetstorm today at 1pm et to oppose the trump administration decision to add an unt…
spread the word  8 in 10 people can find plans for less than  75 a month  visit or call 1-8…
we are working on it  stay tuned  your support helps us to stay progressive and carry on 
rt  mililaff   townhallproject  rephanabusa  ilima_inter the kids were amazing in our town hall for our lives this morning  thank you  rephan…
 n8o that s where we are holding our election night party tonight 
the person appointed to run the  epa needs to be someone who cares about protecting the health and safety of people…
proud to join mayor bill carpenter at brockton s veterans day parade  a solemn ceremony to honor our vets…
it s time for my official  sxsw  panel  y d cin s x s w
therefore  if these reports are true  his testimony was clearly misleading  and possibly false  this is yet another…
last week  we passed a government funding bill that includes investment in arizona infrastructure projects  like th…
i toured mid-mountain materials with  impactwa today to talk about how apprenticeships and on-the-job training prog…
the disproportionate power of moneyed interests to influence public policy & election outcomes is deeply concerning…
i had the great honor of presenting the congressional silver medal award to local high school student john burnett…
 dyk   fl has 164 state parks and 10 state trails that encompass more than 800 000 acres of land  fl is also home to…
today i joined folks at the skookum rotary to learn more about their work in the community—from volunteering to bui…
it was a pleasure to welcome you all this morning and learn more about complex rehab technology from my friends…
at his 1974  sotu  nixon said watergate investigation should terminate  six months later  the judiciary committee vo…
s/o to these milwaukee teens for letting everyone know that clean water is a human right  not a privilege determin…
hero  capitolpolice officer david bailey threw first pitch last night  took this on my iphone as joe torre and robe…
good luck to our  mnwild as they take on the winnipeg jets tonight  go wild  mnwild w p fvs m i n
  foxnews failed to mention that most republican leadership on national security--chair of armed services thornberr…
the democratic  leadership  drew a line in the sand and then fled from it  like those saudi troops who  when the ir…
it was great meeting with students from west hartford today  great discussion about national service  immigration …
rt  rosadelauro   icymi  paul ryan highlighted the g o p tax scam for adding  1 50/week to a high school secretary s paycheck  while millionair…
today i urged the members in congress to vote no on the latest disaster relief package for the virgin islands  the…
happy international womens day  who are the women in your life that inspire you 
rt  pennfuture    repcartwright speaking to connection between waterways  wildlife  & climate change  need for clean power plan
a level 1 driving warning means  — any person operating a motor vehicle must use extra caution  — motorists are e…
to every veteran across the state  country and overseas  thank you for your commitment and service to our country …
current and former firemen are visiting dc on behalf of the colorado professional fire fighters  i m working hard t…
rt  realitygal   capuano4senate well mike i did vote for u-if u win-please get hcr done  // so good to hear - thank you 
the second chance act has bolstered states  efforts to reduce recidivism and improve public safety  we must continue…
educators take on the great responsibility of empowering and equipping our nation s youth to create and sustain the…
today is the national day for choice for individuals with intellectual and developmental disabilities  we must reco…
thank you for stopping by  it was a pleasure to welcome you this morning and listen to your concerns 
  pewresearch  85% of americans support closing gun show loophole   speakerryan  it s time to give us a vote close the loophole not one more
this isn t a  debate over guns  as some pundits say  it s a debate over life & death  too many mbrs of cong  put th…
president trump released plans to allow new oil and gas drilling off california s coast  i m deeply concerned about…
one of the inaugural class of obama fellows  keith wattley  is from oakland  keith founded  uncommlaw to give incar…
best wishes   brucejohnson9  tough journalist and a genuine good guy  your many admirers look forward to seeing you on the air again soon 
rt  zoelahenry  scoop  congress thinks mark zuckerberg didn t do enough to address small businesses during his testimony last week   facebo…
i am saddened to learn about the passing of former rep  joe knollenberg  he will be missed 
pruitt s former senior aide said trips began with pruitt asking staff to  find something for him to do  to justify…
rt  energycommerce  news   uscbo letter confirms 10-year reauthorization of chip saves  6 billion  extend c h i p
rt  repjerrynadler  as i said in 2013  under pres  obama  constitution requires congressional authorization for use of military force in sy…
as top dem on homeland security appropriations  i met with  dhs   secnielsen one-on-one today to discuss a range of…
congratulations to the winner of the 2018 fifth district congressional art competition  bronwynne miller of center…
we need regulators who will follow their obligations under the law and conduct thorough investigations instead of p…
how are american families going to get ahead if women  on average  are paid just 80 cents for every  1 paid to thei…
rt  hfacdemocrats  rm  repeliotengel  on foreign service day and everyday i am grateful for the men and women who represent america abroad …
rt  heardonthehill  doubleheader   repmialove and  repbarragan balance baseball and softball
the forest product industry requires great technical expertise to develop  innovate & manufacture products we rely…
sending my thoughts and prayers to my republican colleagues onboard today s west virginia train accident and to the…
rt  womenbelong  thank you  reproybalallard for all that you do for immigrant and refugee moms and their families  your mom raised a compa…
had airplane noise town hall in queens  faa has promised more community outreach  health studies  a complaint datab…
the april 12th deadline for congressional art competition submissions is fast approaching  click the link to find o…
nuestros parques y monumentos nacionales promueven educación  turismo  y conservación  protege este legado para el…
rt  bflobiztdrury  buffalo groups tapped for national arts funding  from pool of  8 6m to be distributed statewide
college diplomas let people harness the powerful forces of economic change and help make sure our region s largest…
awaiting an msnbc makeover before going on set 
deep bow from a cavs fan 
glad to see so many folks come out to discuss where we can find common ground on gunreform this morning  these are…
as predicted  gop tax cuts produced massive stock buybacks and investor dividends - but not much in the way of work…
rt  ukprogressive  hey florida  72 hours left  join me  alan grayson  now pres  toni van pelt  ring of fire s mike papantonio   nicolesandl…
🚨the deadline to enter the congressional art competition is tomorrow  🚨it s open to all high school students from…
we re capping off our womens history moth trivia with this framingham native and screenwriter  who won an academy a…
staff attending poverty research workshop  in welcome remarks  open_buffalo s india walton says the  people closes…
veterans day is a time to appreciate and honor the service and sacrifice made by our men and women in uniform  we c…
rt  repdankildee  four years later  flint families are still recovering from the water crisis and having to use filters & bottled water  in…
rt  specnewsbuffalo  the new  20 million train station is set to replace the existing station on exchange street  but some still think the…
in fact  the trump administration has already begun attempts to prosecute parents of immigrant children and this b…
my podcast interview w  wegoted covers paris tragedy & g o p s 54th attempt to dismantle  aca 
i stopped by newark natural foods co-op for another supermarket saturday  i got to hear from some constituents abou…
the global community must respond to these horrific war crimes  president assad cannot be allowed to terrorize inno…
next saturday will mark the 4-year anniversary of when boko haram abducted the chibok girls pictured here  they wer…
not only does donald trump refuse to accept settled science and address climate change  but his administration is t…
this bill will hurt connecticut families  where 13 9% of residents are food insecure and 6 0% are very food insecur…
rt  waysmeanscmte  there s a republican in the white house and a republican majority in congress  yet the gop has no major legislative agen…
rt  mclyburnfcc  in just 2 days  the  fcc majority will vote to repeal the nation s net neutrality rules  today i will offer my colleagues…
the  cfpb was created to protect consumers from fraud  manipulation  and financial exploitation at the hands of fin…
rt  repanniekuster   onlyorganic organic farming is important to our economy and environment in new hampshire and across the country  stay…
awesome story  profile high school senior dylan robie designed the sneakers worn by the  celtics  t_rozzay3 in sund…
thank you to  jack and  twitter for meeting with us today on making a smart investment in diversity in tech …
we need real tax reform that actually gives small businesses a fair break  i will continue to fight in congress for…
yes  👏👏and  thank you  senduckworth for taking the lead  parents everywhere deserve family-friendly workplace polic…
great news for  centralterminal   bfalive  kudos to state leaders including  senkennedy and  cpeoplesstokes
barbara bush was a remarkable person  i thank her for her grace and her service to our country  and send my condole…
rt  mayorharrykim  eruption update for may 10  2018 at 1200 noon  no lava activity at this time  puna geothermal venture  pgv  has removed…
the nunes memo amounts to little more than a document that will mislead the public  having read both memos  i am co…
an economy that works for *all* americans doesn t just happen  we need to give them the tools to succeed …
rt  portiafox5  so i just ran into  rephankjohnson at our neighborhood  publix  hear his take on the likelihood  realdonaldtrump will meet…
last night began yom hashoah  holocaust remembrance day in israel  we must never forget nazi atrocities or stop wor…
congratulations to the los alamos middle school science bowl team 
on behalf of our liberian communities in mn  we cannot accept this  i ll continue working w/ members of both partie…
happy birthday marines  for 241 years the  usmc has always been on the front lines protecting and serving our countr…
we must do all we can to protect public highered  the gop prosper act would add an estimated  70 million a year in…
loebsack introduces legislation to modernize nation s schools
 realdonaldtrump has purposed a  1 5 trillion infrastructure plan  we need more details  but a good first step …
i ve said before that there were no democratic fingerprints anywhere to be found on the prior continuing resolution…
this week student debt hit the  1 5 trillion mark  how did the trump admin respond  mick mulvaney announced it woul…
speaking to seniors at helix charter school about staying engaged and using their voice to move things they are pas…
what we need now is leadership — to fund the government for the rest of the year  to support our military  to fulfi…
with border crossings at their lowest level in 46 years  potus s plan to send troops to the southern border is an e…
get help with federal agencies at mobile office hours thursday  april 12th  1 00-2 30pm  at mesa veterans resource c…
i commend potus for working w/ allies to conduct swift action to punish such heinous crimes against humanity  howev…
happy 106th birthday  girlscouts  as a former girl scout  i am so thankful for all this organization does to empowe…
rt  repadams  to protect america s role as a global leader we must ensure workers nationwide have the tools for the 21st century  a better d…
rt  cnntonight  rep  ted lieu says us attorney general jeff sessions made the right call in appointing a prosecutor to investigate claims o…
during today s  usda hearing with  secretarysonny  i expressed concerns over a number of proposals included in the…
rt  stemx    reppaultonko writes about a bi-partisan bill to support education preparing students for water infrastructure careers https //…
  realdonaldtrump did you care about  due process  when you bought an entire page in the  nytimes to say 5 innocent…
and only 1 in 5 families who qualify for federal housing assistance actually receive it  meanwhile   hudgov…
paidleavemeans access to needed time off no matter where you live or work  the f a m i l y act would set a national sta…
02/13/18  cohen says he paid  130k & wasn t reimbursed 04/05/18  trump says he didn t know about the payment 05/03/…
as of today  12 641  daca  recipients have lost their status after trump ended the program on sept 5th  dreamers ca…
trump s deteriorating condition demands action from the congress of the united states  does he really think that s…
couldn t be prouder of n y c s girl scout s troop 6000 for reaching this incredible milestone  girl power
rt  karenaboutgary  thanks to  usacehq  repvisclosky  nwi_rda gsd dan vicari  gcc  caldwelbarnes rwyatt mcc  millerbeacharts laying found…
last week  the usda hosted a meet and greet where i spoke with secretary perdue and chavonda jacobs-young  the act…
nurses play a critical role in the quality of care for patients in hospitals public health clinics nursing homes  p…
i am overjoyed to hear about the court decision to grant bond to mr  sam hamama  a chaldean christian being unfairl…
i was honored to speak today on the build act  international development legislation i m leading with my colleague…
it was february 1st  1968 in memphis  it was a thursday  and it was pouring rain  two sanitation workers  echol col…
rt  hascdemocrats   it seems to be happening throughout the civil service    repadamsmith     told me   they re taking out people  and i th…
seniors – later this month   medicaregov will begin mailing the new medicare cards to seniors in california  call 1…
rt  coveredca_es  ¡nuestra inscripción abierta ha comenzado  entérate de la ayuda económica y planes de salud disponible para el 2018 
today we remember with pride and gratitude those who have served in all wars  past and present  veterans day
joining  wolfblitzer  cnn in just a few minutes  we ll be discussing  daca   trump s racist remarks & hawaii s false missile alert 
my thanks to the  wacochamber for coming by my office for a great discussion — from infrastructure projects  to hig…
rt  geronimo__gf  i appreciate the opportunity to exchange views with  repzoelofgren on issues of bilateral interest  california & mexico…
the status of jerusalem is one of the most sensitive topics in these discussions  and it should be part of a negoti…
today  housegop s tax scam vote secured that their  tax reform  legacy will be allowing companies like the  trump o…
rt  talkopan  daca offers trump has rejected — a timeline 
 tps  recipients are an integral part of our society  deporting  tps  holders would cost employers  967m  save t p s
healthcare open enrollment is almost over  you now have just one more week  until december 15  to shop for health i…
we must do everything we can to get a better return on the tax dollars we already send to washington  thank you to…
rt  chartergov  special thanks to  repmcgovern who cheered on the many volunteers  helping our communities in the places we live and work i…
net neutrality is a free speech issue  an economic issue & an issue of equity  83% of americans agree  yet trump s…
rt  pineislandny  town halls with  repseanmaloney  saturday 5/5 in deerpark and monroe 
momsdontneed excessive childcare costs  which pushes childcare far out of reach for too many  parents need vastl…
rt  repjoekennedy  quickest way to get fired by  realdonaldtrump isn t misuse of taxpayer funds  domestic violence or lying  it s standing…
today  congress lost one of its truest champions for working men & women  louise slaughter was a force- she fought…
appreciate the opportunity to attend the opening of the new lake ridge fire protection district facility  i thank a…
happy national volunteer week  thank you to all arizona volunteers who serve our communities  check out…
to be clear  there is *no* valid reason  medical or otherwise  to exclude transgender troops from serving our count…
i have always staunchly opposed offshore drilling along south carolina s coast  1/3
there is still time to signup for our student town hall tomorrow evening at 7 00 at the providence community center…
the damage from the president s outrageous decision to withdraw from the iran deal will echo throughout the world …
rt  intrahealth  the global health security agenda  g h s agenda  is aimed at improving countries  ability to prevent  detect  and respond to…
 100 a month may not seem like much to somebody who spent  30 000 on a new table for his office  but for those stru…
the image of america deporting fellow americans is not something this country or the gop want to see unfolding ever…
∙  epascottpruitt s constant assault on science-based research and efforts to protect children s health is beyond worrisome 
an accurate 2020census is critical to our nation  the political decision by the trump administration to add an unt…
rt  repeliotengel  when asked by me &  repjoekennedy during an  energycommerce hearing  the trump administration wouldn t commit to rejecti…
if you couldn t make it to our community office hours at  rollinscollege yesterday  join my staff tomorrow at lecho…
the deadline for the 2018 congressional art competition is this friday  remember  there are no mistakes  just happy…
thanks for hosting me 
congrats to all of today s  wmetrochamber hall of fame winners - john bandimere  jr   fran baker  former mayor stev…
she ll be retiring from  usairforce soon - we are sending her off with our best wishes and many thanks for her service and leadership 
merry christmas 
dr  king dedicated his life to the ideals of equality  respect and compassion  today as we honor his life and legac…
i couldn t imagine anyone better to represent milwaukee tonight  kencen  you make our great city proud  keep up th…
rt  sierraclub  today   senatorcarper   senwhitehouse   repcummings  rep   gerryconnolly  and  repdonbeyer sent a  scathing  letter to  epa…
joined  iaapa during their visit to dc to discuss how we can support amusement parks in san diego and california  m…
rt  hascdemocrats  happening now  hearing on combating influence operations by u s  adversaries  watch  repadamsmith opening remarks here -…
rt  smalluavs  congratulations to all selected  uasipp  applicants  we look forward to the important work drones will be doing through this…
happy birthday   repjohnlewis  you are a leader  a friend  and an inspiration 
i got an f from the nra  direct nra contributions   0  contributions by all gun rights groups   0  nra independent…
fcc votes today on net neutrality – i just joined 117 of my colleagues on a letter by  usrepmikedoyle to  fcc to ke…
the trump administration s citizenship question on the 2020 census is a transparent attempt to suppress participati…
that s why i joined  repbarbaralee and members of the  prochoicecaucus to condemn these efforts  read our full stat…
  epascottpruitt s tenure at the epa has led to a disturbing trend of ethics violations and flagrant conflicts of i…
junto a la líder demócrata y buena amiga congresista  nancypelosi durante la actividad de despedida del  chci
🔵 stacked his cabinet with big money campaign donors /3
border crossings are at historic lows & more troops will do little to deter drug smuggling  more funding for tech…
more trump contradictions  kim jong-un was rocket-man but now trump calls him  very honorable  both comments were…
this data confirms what we already knew  children of color and children with disabilities are disproportionately di…
🇺🇸a great privilege to thank our vietnam war veterans for their service  sacrifice on behalf of a patriotic…
this troubling report on the effect the opioid epidemic is having on  roc  is just further proof that congress must…
consumers deserve to be protected  yet mick mulvaney is stacking the odds against them and rigging the system for b…
never forget the suffering that comes from indifference 
rt  haleysfoodfeed  thank you  repmcgovern for saying medical schools need to teach principles of nutrition  p h asummit
we had a productive meeting today with  repkevinbrady  chair of the house ways and means committee and officials fr…
don t believe the spin —  fcc taking away strong net neutrality protections won t put consumers first  it will wrec…
rt  drdenagrayson  🔥 gop  house committee chairmen retiring in 2018  per  scottwongdc   - royce - harper - shuster -  repgoodlatte - l  sm…
in the face of disastrous trade policy from the white house  farmers repeatedly requested more money in the market…
beautiful day at the field of dreams at the boardman v poland freshman baseball game 
rt  oversightdems  just in   repcummings commenced sunshine week with a broad review of the unprecedented secrecy of the trump administrati…
rt  kamalaharris  to our brothers  sisters  and friends in immigrant communities at home and across the world  know that we stand with you …
wishing our friends  neighbors  and loved ones celebrating ramadan all the blessings of the holy month …
how will you turn marchfor our lives movement into action  votes   🇺🇸 students like tampa s…
 these students  like all americans  are demanding action from their government to prevent future mass shootings  g…
it is always a deep honor to speak w/ our veterans and their families  and to help host our  cvhonorflight in d c …
rt  splcenter  hud sec  ben carson s proposal to raise rent & require those who live in subsidized housing to work is heartless — & based o…
rt  wrcommission   we will continue to fight for the health and dignity of all the detained pregnant women who  out of fear and desperation…
yet another reason to visit during the winter 
there are no more questions  no witch hunt  it happened  russia interfered in our last election  and they are still…
louise & i  still just junior congresswomen at the time  charged up the steps of the u s  senate to demand that ani…
since parkland shooting  we ve seen unprecedented wave of student activism on gun safety  students are pushing for…
ag sessions will do more harm than good in our communties 
it s small business week  be sure to follow  delbiz to keep up with the latest smallbusiness news and helpful infor…
proud to announce that stephanie simbol of jesse bethel high school is the winner of the 2018 congressional art com…
i am ready to work with my colleagues to ensure we are doing everything we can to protect the integrity of our elec…
more evidence that the g o p tax scam has nothing to do with the current economy 
the gop tax bill was always crafted to benefit the select few  tax day
nice my friend  repdankildee   if you could breach the ethical standards of the trump white house  you have set a n…
rt  reptimwalz  2 million people will have their access to food threatened if the  housegop passes their hyper-partisan farm bill  that s…
rt  dothawaii  hawaii police dept  hwy 130 closed between hwy 132 intersection and south of leilani estates  use route 137  kalapana-kapoho…
actually  mr  president  the courts are the only branch of government currently working as it should  the gop congr…
rt  kmcgaghmwphoto  retiring congresswoman niki tsongas  nikiinthehouse spoke to  495mwptnership conference this morning in marlborough  s…
rt  hispaniccaucus  including a citizenship question in the 2020 census only serves to suppress participation & will result in inaccurate d…
rt  twilliams_md  thank you  peterwelch and staff for meeting with us today to chat about how we can finally end gun violence  we need to ke…
government officials shouldn t be using their time to push fakenews 
the orinda rotary club honored the six orinda usd teachers of the year for their commitment to and passion educatin…
  epascottpruitt keeps finding new and creative ways to break longstanding norms and ethical boundaries 
this is no way to run a congressional office 
thank you chief steve neubauer for your years of service to our community – enjoy your retirement 
 dirigoblue  deeringhs  poetryoutloud  npr yes  he did  mepolitics
rt  susanthesquark  if you want real  lasting change in the industry  the only way you are ever going to get it is by holding companies acc…
happening now  we are analyzing the impact report on the planned closure of community hospital  this report shows…
corruption and cronyism at its worst  pruitt has to go  boot pruitt
scam alert   agschneiderman is warning consumers about a telephone scam in which fraudsters steal money by imperson…
rt  nccaptonight  join us tonight at 7 for our  exclusive  poll focused on the  ncga   border patrol  and building a pipeline in nc  also  re…
rt  eileenparktv  now   repschrader getting briefed on multiple wildfires happening near detroit  in and around the mt  jefferson wildernes…
i spoke with  cecilerichards and thanked her for her work at  ppfa  she has been a fearless leader in the fight for…
my staff met with  alsama today for a l s awareness month on a l s hill day18  happy to join the fight to find a cure 
appreciate the recent discussion and thoughtful questions from students at the northwest adventist christian school…
 the people of houston and texans across the state were there for us 12 years ago  & we will be there for them now  
i hope to continue bipartisan conversations like this during the remainder of my time in congress to ensure we prop…
it was an honor to charge alongside louise  up the steps of the senate that fall day years ago  and during the many…
the president s cabinet  which  potus previously declared  has the highest iq of any cabinet ever   is about to go…
the wealthy-first g o p tax scam was never meant to help middle-class families  it was designed for the 1%  republican…
a3  from restricting access to reproductive care to ending rules that helped close the gender pay gap  the trump ad…
may is national foster care month  as a member of the congressional caucus on foster youth  i am proud to renew my…
due to our efforts and the success i ve had in creating this opportunity and bringing it to rochester  our communit…
rt  aafb   in 2016  az considered a categorical eligibility proposal similar to the one in this bill  analysis by  des &  aafb found that i…
from natick to holliston winthrop  cd5 is made up of incredible leaders  thank you for your thoughtful feedback…
voter disenfranchisement is one of the gravest threats to our democracy  v r a chat we must restore the v r a now 
rolling back emissions standards and environmental protections costs central coast families at the pump and at the…
special thanks to team coach john raulerson and oak ridge math teacher joanne bell  again  congratulations to our t…
dr  king was my friend  my brother  my leader  he was the moral compass of our nation and he taught us to recognize…
closing the skills gap by providing education for manufacturing jobs will grow our economy and create high paying j…
the census director s acknowledgement that a citizenship question may decrease response rates among immigrants is…
happy mothers day from my family to yours  mothers deserve equal pay  and bringing down the pay gap remains one of…
a shameful day for the trump white house and the press secretary  either you lied or they left you out of the loop …
it s national volunteer week2018  i joined the team from  comcastcares to help out at  asafeplace2  which does amazi…
eight years ago today  president  barackobama signed the affordable care act into law   housegop has been on a miss…
rt  defendourfuture  hi  everyone  sakshi hegde  here  i m an  asu freshman and i ll be taking over the  defendourfuture twitter for this i…
what took you so long   realdonaldtrump  these overdue sanctions must be the first step in a comprehensive approach…
john glenn embodied ingenuity & service  his legacy & contributions as an american astronaut & u s  senator will re…
on saturday  i met with students in my district to plan an upcoming town hall on gun violence  my office is here to…
my thoughts and prayers go out to the family of congressman al swift  his dedication helped shape  wa  into a better…
rt  donaldnorcross  the  bluecollardems talked to vp  joebiden about how we re standing up for hardworking men & women  we re fighting to…
i visited the jacobs & cushman san diego food bank  the largest hunger-relief organization in san diego county  tha…
one of my top priorities is mitigating the economic impact of diablo canyon nuclear power plant s closure  i m intr…
rt  hispaniccaucus    dhsgov has failed to adequately justify ending tps status for many covered countries  we re a nation of immigrants &…
we are the richest nation in the world  and families should not have to worry about being poisoned by the water in…
we owe it to our states & local governments to ensure they are prepared with the knowledge & know-how to mitigate t…
wondering just what the trump administration s culture of corruption has cost american taxpayers  here s an incomple…
as she knew so well  children are our future and  whether as parents or policy makers  we must be unyielding in our…
helped pass the end banking for human traffickers act of 2017 to strengthen the financial industry s efforts to com…
 washingtonpost  fahrenthold read this article 
our kids should be able to go to school & feel safe  end of story  we re working in a bipartisan way to advance leg…
i hope you can join me this saturday  between 2 30-3 30 pm at willy s bagels & blends in brentwood  i look forward…
rt  reptimwalz  2 million people will have their access to food threatened if the  housegop passes their hyper-partisan farm bill  that s…
as a former police officer  i saw how impactful community policing was on both the areas we patrolled & the officer…
this news shows just how high the costs of the republicans  tax plan actually is  the new tax law simply punted tri…
happy tax day  today we are reminded that  realdonaldtrump s tax plan was designed to make the richest americans an…
we know the g o ptaxscam is bad for families  seniors  students  homeowners  and just about everyone but the trumps …
honored dave pringle for so many years as environmental activist at  cleanwaternj annual conference in edison
under  aca   62 4 million women were given access to birthcontrol without out-of-pocket cost  saving an average of…
3/ senator larkin is a noble statesman and a happy warrior   public servants like bill larkin shine brightly and li…
with control of the house  the senate and the white house  there is no excuse for the gop to continue to kick the c…

the trump administration s decision to attack california s laws that favor public safety over deportation is unacce…
thank you to everyone who joined me for last night s telephone town hall meeting  if you didn t get the chance to a…
rt  hrc    repmikehonda on supporting trans youth  we need to engage policy makers they have a responsibility to do something
i voted against the short-term continuing resolution  it is cruel to turn our backs on dreamers  it is irresponsibl…
thanks to  oncologynursing for your support of our resolution designating a national cancer prevention day  cancer t…
the nat l science foundation s decision to award the mag lab at  floridastate  184m over the next 5yrs is a tremend…
come learn about internships  jobs & summer programs for youth of all ages at my 5th annual youth opportunities fai…
don t know him  but am so proud of him 
rt  skillscoalition  for a better deal to ramp up work-based learning and on the job training  we need to invest in local business partnersh…
fact  36 million middle class families would see their taxes go up under the g o p tax scam   housegop  you simply c…
while we can all agree that firing mueller would be a mistake for trump and bad for our country  i m not putting an…
on this day in 1945  allied forces liberated europe when they accepted the unconditional surrender of nazi forces …
we need common sense solutions to address gun violence  sent letter to chairman  repgregwalden requesting hearing o…
if they re going to keep making bad arguments  somebody has to say something 
i am struggling to find the right words on this 5 year anniversary of sandy hook  those children should be enjoying…
rt  shugruberg  love that south asian women are leading the fight against mass incarceration and abuse in immigration detention  thank you…
rt  abc  rep  john larson tells sec  mnuchin to carry message of action on guns to pres  trump   what are we  as a body or an institution …
we must never forget & we must learn from the u s  internment of japanese americans during wwii  that s why i joine…
i stand with nancy because she fights for all hard-working families across our country 
rt  sandrafluke  my  vcstar op ed on why  juliabrownley is the right choice for  ca26   ventura county  california  election2012    
rt  reptedlieu  tune in now   reptedlieu &  reprubengallego are on the house floor breaking down  potus  realdonaldtrump s cabinet of corrup…
rt  abcworldnews  house judiciary democrats hold presser to deliver  united message  to pres  trump   do not meddle with the special counse…
⚡️  highlighting trump s hypocrisy on leakers 
tax reform should be about creating a level playing field for all americans  not giving handouts to wealthy corpora…
yesterday  i met with president and ceo of the  rgvhcc  cynthia m  sakulenzki  we discussed nafta and the importanc…
rt  bluecollardems  republicans claim their g o p tax scam benefits workers  but the results are in  the extra cash is lining the pockets of s…
a great  seahawks  dangerusswilson win  centurylink_fld v panthers im in for g bvs s e a we are12 n f l playoffs go hawks
rt  reppaultonko  i had five minutes to question  epascottpruitt today about what felt like an endless list of reports of his misconduct  m…
in congress  i ll keep fighting the opioidcrisis and working to make it easier to dispose of prescriptions 
rt  hispaniccaucus  🗣🗣🗣 césar chávez risked his life to overcome the very racism & bigotry that rep  gohmert espouses  for him to twist & w…
trained professionals at are ready to help new hampshire families navigate this year s options 
i stand with the students who will be attending the march for our lives this weekend in washington  your willingness…
the trump cabinet is living the high life on the taxpayer s dime  example  interior  secretaryzinke spending  139 0…
rt  mclyburnfcc  applaud  repannaeshoo   repyvetteclarke & 66 other members of congress for their letter in support of protecting the  fcc…
rt  edworkforcedems   icymi  43 senators pledged to block a house gop-led effort to curtail the civilrights of americans living with disabi…
rt  edworkforcedems  📺  watch  committee democrats fight to protect millions of americans retirement savings at today s hearing here 
it is always a pleasure to join the houston livestock show and rodeo for the downtown rodeo parade  it is a celebra…
coming up   9 30 in dc area on  tothecontrary  watch convo on election politics &  going flat   or online at …
 i join my colleagues and those gathered here today in telling all senators to vote no on torture by voting no on…
proud of our students 
to be better stewards of taxpayers  money  we need to end congressional perks and funds for promotional mass mailin…
rt  teampelosi  don t come to us and tell us it s a  middle class tax cut  when republican corporate donors are being rewarded  670 000 000…
la diversidad nos hace más fuertes y hace que nuestras compañías tecnológicas sean más competitivas y rentables  el…
rt  repmarcykaptur  the gop is set on slashing our nation s most effective programs that help many families afford food  housing  healthcar…
voted no on the budget deal  the gop continues to show how not to govern–careening from crisis to crisis & steering…
a good look at the terrible damage that the  gop farm bill could do to vulnerable people across the country  these…
rt  huskerfbnation  6-0    it s about us 
already voted for mike  enjoy the lighter side of the senate race  masen
i enjoyed visiting  nike world headquarters in beaverton and meeting some of the 12 000 oregonians who are nike emp…
trump campaign conspired w/ russian spies to sell out our democracy and now they re covering it up stay woke
in nw oregon  more than 80 000 people rely on snap benefits to help feed themselves and their families  the supplem…
good to see these folks giving  epascottpruitt a warm welcome as he arrives at capitol hill  he s testifying before…
always honored to help welcome the  eihonorflight to washington while at their visit to the wwii memorial  thank yo…
finally   realdonaldtrump must publicly acknowledge that he is constitutionally-barred from launching a preemptive…
i am proud to cosponsor the healthy climate and family security act – a bill which will help drive down u s  carbon…
on 420day  we must recognize that times have changed and the regulation of marijuana is a states  rights issue   
 neatoday works to advance public education in our nation  and i was proud to meet with them today to discuss a nu…
only if god gave us grandkids before children    grandparents day
on peace officers memorial day  we remember the local  state  and federal law enforcement officers who gave their liv…
it was great to see mike festa  sandy albright  jessica constantino  and austin hodge w/ aarpma stop by my office t…
these students  and thousands like them across the country try  are just asking for a chance at a future  and that…
rt  iexaminer  a bill from  repjayapal and  kamalaharris would put a halt to construction or expansion of immigration prisons  which have b…
way to go   councilofdc  passing d c fair elex will help reduce the influence of big money in local d c  politics and…
rt  lcvoters  thanks  replowenthal for demanding answers from  secretaryzinke in committee today  zinke in the house
great work by wny high school artists on display in our lobby and in an online gallery  vote for your favorite 
thank you   repjayapal  for stepping up & speaking out 
the right to vote is among our most basic  sacred rights as americans and it should be a process without intimidati…
ryan was outraged and heartbroken that yet another friend died a preventable death  tyler was one of 18 friends rya…
rt  hispaniccaucus  a must read for everyone who says that congress has until march to pass legislation that protects dreamers  yes  we re…
rt  defenseleader  congressmen  bobbyscott &  scotttaylorva opened the navy contracting summit this morning to more than 400 participants a…
como un propulsor de la estadidad para pr  quiero los derechos democráticos plenos para nuestra isla  a nivel federal y local 
to readmore about the  usgao school discipline report click here  in class not cuffs rethink discipline
protect mueller protect rule of law
rt  cnn  trump s syria strategy  no strategy at all | by us rep  ted lieu via  cnnopinion
the  gop  tax scam goes out of its way to harm  ny  by putting a cap on  salt  deductions  i will not stand for a bill…
rt  cilentom  congrats to russel van liew on receiving congressman frank pallone  jr  s cert of special rec for exceptional community servi…
i m so excited to be honored by  grammyadvocacy tonight with my friend and co-chair of  respectcreators…
today we honor dr  martin luther king jr  s legacy in fighting prejudice  pursuing social justice  and service to o…
rt  jrezaian  iran s hostage-taking continues  congress thinks they have a new strategy ti combat it  with input from  rephuffman and  re…
thank you  girlscouts troop 9111 for dropping off more than 40 boxes of cookies  as well as letters  for service me…
if you haven t had a chance to watch this remarkable speech yet  take some time and watch it now  you ll be glad yo…
rt  mclyburnfcc  today it is official   fcc majority has taken the next step in handing the keys to the internet over to billion-dollar br…
rt  hispaniccaucus  we are meeting with the white house chief of staff to urge this administration to support a permanent solution for dre…
rt  wusa9   it s a bad deal   rep   anthonybrownmd4 says of the gop s healthcare bill during off script on9 with  brucejohnson9
rt  housesbcdems  under the trump administration  small business owners feel left behind  new poll  83% of small biz owners say they don t…
a 4-year-old girl and a 2-year-old boy shot and killed in the frederickson area yesterday  we cannot go on  and los…
the land and water conservation fund is an essential tool for state and local governments to preserve their treasur…
rt  jrcarrollnews  includes md s  repraskin  repsarbanes  repcummings and  anthonybrownmd4  cnsmd
terrific to see pittsfield born  lanesborough raised chris  mazdzer win the silver medal in men s single luge for…
discussed need to hire more mental health professionals at the va w/secretary shulkin in budget hearing today  va r…
there were more kids shot to death at a high school in parkland today than meaningful actions taken by congress to…
a7  as an eagle scout  i ve always maintained that we should  leave the campground better than you found it   to qu…
senator john mccain s observations are spot on  national security should never be partisan  this is not a way to ke…
medicaid work requirements allow the government to decide who is worthy of health care and who isn t  it has never…
rt  politico   do you have procedures to inform key government players when a foreign entity is attempting to buy a political ad or when it…
great to see the brentwood corp  cabinet manufacturing plant in molalla today  one of the most technologically adva…
the resignations of  equifax ceo is a good start but we need real change to protect consumers  cybersecurity is a 24/7 job 
  marcorubio is right 
gop bill to repeal  aca  needs extreme vetting 
the president s proposed budget for fy19 irresponsibly eliminates funding for critically important indian health se…
standing with  repteddeutch  congress must act to end gun violence 
trump s attacks on our democracy are disgraceful  if there was ever a time to put country over party  it s now  c…
today i met with bobby babcock  gsa s regional administrator for region 7  we discussed the construction of the san…
rt  repjayapal  watch my discussion with  anacabrera on  cnn about the tangled web of lies trump finds himself caught in  the need to prote…
thank you to all the volunteers who joined us at the moorpark country days parade  we had a great time 
we re working to improve housing opportunities for a zvets with varep arizona and  g2realtor  we cosponsored the gi…
can t say i m surprised  but the  housegop s hypocrisy to call for a balanced budget amendment after exploding our…
no hay absolutamente ningún beneficio en terminar el programa  tps  y deportar a casi 60 000 hondureños trabajadores…
rt  nowthisnews  congresswoman pramila jayapal was just asked if she s a u s  citizen 🤦🏽‍♀️
unfortunately   realdonaldtrump s disregard for the well-being of the american people goes far beyond his budget  h…
with ranking member  repjerrynadler and my judiciary colleagues at press conference to introduce the special counse…
best of luck to  _t_hen and all the players hoping to have their name called today  no matter what  keep working ha…
i joined  thom_hartmann recently to discuss why we need an internet bill of rights  what do you think should be a p…
rt  msnbc   i am very concerned about our special counsel mueller     while [trump] has said he would be happy to sit down with him  obviou…
thread  after having conversations with both parties  it is my hope that before there is any work stoppage i could…
it s national library week  and i stopped by glencoe public library this morning to thank the library staff and drop…
voters have been very clear--no more charter expansion in rogers park 
rt  ricardo_laguna  repost por  celebrandofestival  rubenkihuen  cityoflasvegas    esperamos vernos en el 2019lasvegas 🎉🌽👨‍👩‍👧‍👦 • • fie…
here s something important you might have missed about the white house correspondent s association dinner  three…
had a great discussion recently with the residents and guests at the brentwood community in hobart  i thank all the…
from colors to styles  clothes are a crucial if subtle part of the storytelling in  theamericansfx  those choices t…
today on shakespeares birthday  we applaud a man whose impact on the arts is incalculable  i am excited to honor hi…
last week   cbctech2020  returned to silicon valley to check on the progress of diversity and inclusion in tech  y…
good news for dc inmates in some bop facilities throughout the country  all bop inmates are now allowed to order st…
a moment of silence won t ease the suffering in parkland  fl  i m calling on  housegop to hold a hearing & pass leg…
it s always truly inspiring to get out and hear from young people about their concerns 
rt  emorwee  tfw you have failed as a steward for taxpayer dollars and the environment
according to billionaire betsy and her for-profit college cronies  it s the for-profits who need more protections t…
dreamers serve in our military  teach in our schools and give back to our communities  so why won t  speakerryan le…
spreading hate  lies and disinformation to 44 million followers isn t presidential  it s dangerous and emboldens vi…
nearly 1 million wa patients rely on community health centers  i am meeting with community health center of snohomi…
interested in participating in this year s congressional art competition  interested students in the 7th congressio…
with the asian american community celebrating lunar new year tomorrow  i ve introduced a resolution that urges the h…
thomas homan embodied the very worst of president trump s anti-immigrant mentality  i ll be closely watching to see…
thank you mayor  billdeblasio for including h r  2677  my bill to end the stigma around mental health in  aapi  comm…
great meeting with president thom disch at handi products to learn more about his growing business in libertyville …
this week the house will vote on the  housegop farm bill that hurts family farms  the environment  and cuts  snap  b…
 icymi   my office held a citizenship fair in tucson this weekend to help legal permanent residents take that final…
in 2033  it will only take a year-and-a-half round trip to reach mars instead of the normal journey of two or three…
another day  another major conflict of interest for polluting pruitt  it has been crystal clear for months that s…
spent the morning at the  navalacademy with 5 students from il-02  i m so proud to have nominated these remarkable…
step 1  drain federal funds for handouts to the 1%  step 2  realize your plan explodes the deficit by  1 9 trillion…
the best senator to ever have served the 7th district of pennsylvania and a great leader  
are you ready for storm season  hurricane prep week is a great reminder it s time to create an evacuation plan  get…
vendors include  dte women who weld detroit employment solutions wayne metro thaw detroit united way city of detroi…
rt  waysmeanscmte  as  reprichardneal points out  president trump s junk insurance plans will  leave families on the hook for thousands of…
congratulations to  karamobrown on receiving the  hrc visibility award at the hrc houston gala  presented by…
i m sad to learn of the death of former first lady barbara bush  she was important voice for our nation  promoting…
thank you to the students of marjory stoneman douglas high school for taking the time to meet with me last night  t…
had a good and productive meeting with the interim varhs director dave whitmer  he briefed me on positive changes b…
illinois is the only state to publicly acknowledge that hackers penetrated its voter registration system & accesse…
 lcvoters with climate change worsening  our coastlines opened to offshore drilling  and protections on public land…
the trump-pence administration s and u s  department of health and human services  decision to change title x progr…
my amendment will help us stop this reckless project by shedding light on just how dangerous it would be for the fe…
when women pay the bills  the pay gap matters  when women buy groceries to put food on the table  the pay gap matte…
effectively cutting off the access to care for those who most need it is incomprehensible to me  i will forcefully…
everyone come out for an hour and let s let tjx know that we want them in lordstown  👇🏽
rt  repfredupton  great to be with my friend  repdebdingell at  dpc18  to discuss need for more civility and common-ground in our politics h…
transgender service members serve our country every day with courage and distinction  they deserve national praise…
rt  macfarlanenews  new  rep gerry connolly  d-va  asks us house oversight cmte for formal hearing into scandal at washington dc va medic…
today we honor those who have lost their loved ones in service to our country  your community and your nation are h…
in what has to be one of the easier decisions i ve ever made  i ve got  uconnwbb going all the way this year …
auth of govt funding expires this week  but house freedom caucus wants to impeach the irs commissioner for  high crimes & misdemeanors   2/
refugees welcome and so are immigrants their courage and talents make america stronger 
can you imagine a more egregious abuse of power than offering the presidential pardon to witnesses to potential cri…
testified this morning at the itc in support of american steel producers and steelworkers  i also was pleased to me…
last week  i discussed the disastrous tax bill prepared by republican leadership  i mainly focused on how the tax…
happy to open the  shakespeareindc  will on the hill  congressional skit  do you think i deserve an oscar 
rt  graydcnews    repkristinoem and  repcheri weigh in in  speakerryan s retirement announcement 
technology companies like  amazon employ millions but hispanics are sharply underrepresented & underfunded  that s…
rt  shawnsebastian  these reps speak for so many working people of color  the  newyorkfed   sara_horowitz and  hutchins_glenn  needs to lis…
in the last 4 years  165 people have been shot in  speakerryan s district  you think he d finally allow a vote to…
harmful chemicals found in common sunscreens break down our precious coral reefs  disrupt our marine ecosystem  and…
failed war on drugs began in 1971  leading to mass incarceration epidemic  it s time to reverse the damage…
thank you  masssierraclub for endorsing my candidacy for congress mapoli
rt  dave_boucher1  new  for nearly 20 years  reina arévalo has called nashville home  she owns a restaurant and lives here with her daughte…
rt  leoshane    keithellison wants a closer look at the problem of white supremacy in the military
no one fix will end gun violence  but we have a good idea of where to start  -pass the bipartisan thompson-king bill…
surprise guest at  fy19ndaa  markup 
former memphis tiger 
securing the gateway to one-fifth of america s economy is not a partisan issue  it is an american issue 
no  no   notorious  a very happy 85th birthday to a tireless protector of women s rights and a true pioneer in her…
on days like today  after watching republicans pass one of the most shameful bills in recent history  it is good to…
and  as the weather gets nicer  i am looking forward to getting back out on the trails & enjoying the hard work fol…
i am calling on the  fcc to not repeal net neutrality & continue to protect wisconsinite s access to the tools and…
rt  vmwaregov  with a new bill from  repkathleenrice  house lawmakers and staff would receive mandatory cybersecurity training
on international womens day we celebrate the women  past and present  whose efforts sparked progress for gender equa…
iran deal
i could not agree more with president  emmanuelmacron s statement about the united states rejoining the…
republicans in the house and senate are making backroom deals to push their 2018 farm bill into law  this bill will…
it also failed to address iran s aggressive development of long-range ballistic missiles to deliver these nuclear w…
protecting our communities begins with bipartisan leadership and support  we have to do more to ensure violent acts…
 nygovcuomo thank you  nygovcuomo for your commitment to fairness  those who have served their time & paid their de…
i will continue to work to ensure our base and our entire armed forces have the resources needed to support their c…
rt  marklevinenyc   this does not make america great   -  repmikehonda
the hawaiian language continues to be an important part of our day-to-day life in hawaii  woven in throughout our…
i had a great time debating  trump  played by  phillipwilburn as he would say  it was tremendous 
rt  nalac_arts  tonight  replloyddoggett and  repjoseserrano receive nalac congressional arts leadership awards in recognition of their ste…
senator  chrisvanhollen asks scott pruitt if he will respond to a letter i and others sent requesting documents to…
on national dayof action  we amplify the voices of the majority of americans who want to see congress disarm hate 
despite its early promise  the rfs has been a well-intentioned flop that is harming our environment  my bill w/…
appreciated today s visit from  usc s delegation to dc  we agree on the importance of continued funding for homela…
a giveaway for the logging industry disguised as bad policy  simply put  this will lead to…
rt  repderekkilmer    repkathleenrice  repjoshg & l i wrote an op-ed in  thehill about national strategy to prevent cyber attacks
i am incredibly saddened to hear of the passing of my friend judge anna diggs taylor
newest version of trumpcare would terminate medicaid for millions eliminate thousands of jobs & decimate hundreds of rural hospitals  1/2 
it was exciting to see this vision become a reality and i must commend all the hard work and planning it took to br…
on nov  15  1969  a quarter of a million protesters staged a peaceful demonstration in washington  d c   against th…
we must do more to protect victims and survivors of domestic violence from gun violence  my bill  hr2216  would help do that  dvam16 
icymi  my legislation to help connect military service members with inland empire jobs has now passed the house and…
rt  mattxred  can you tell which one of us is a kennedy 
pr  samoa americana e islas vírgenes us  reibirán  39m para expandir los servicios y fortalecer los centros de salud para combatir el zika
rt  herrerabeutler  i m pleased to join my colleague  congressmanraja in introducing the bipartisan ending maternal mortality act  you can…
what moms need  quality  coordinated  woman-centered healthcare  what momsdontneed  continued attacks on the  aca… 
no one with the strength and bravery to serve in the u s  military should be turned away because of who they are  t…
5 5 million people nationwide  more than 170 000 in new jersey alone  alzheimers disease has touched the lives of…
attention  az07  students  the deadline to apply for an internship in my washington  dc or phoenix office is this t…
investigators from the va s office of the medical inspector will be returning to the roseburg and eugene va facilit…
after the tragic shooting in parkland  florida  it s past time for us to push for commonsense laws to prevent gun v…
rt  mikefortampa  large  energetic crowd at the  cityoftampa marchforourlivestampa  all attendees are here to stop gun violence with commo…
icymi  the irs extended the deadline to file taxes until midnight tonight  rep  cicilline s office is available to…
today is national black hiv/aids awareness day  nbhhad   please take the time to go get tested  it s important  test…
the goal is to connect job seekers with employers and community resources that provide training  assistance and edu…
it was an honor to address the opening session of the 71st  ymca youth legislature  hundreds of young people will t…
polluting pruitt s thoughts on being  epa administrator  treat yourself to the high life on the taxpayer s dime whi…
alexa  how many billions of dollars in taxes has  realdonaldtrump avoided paying in his lifetime  ask alexa
rt  eahs_bulldogs  eahs seniors tarhiya b  and briana m  speaking to a representative from  city year  a non-profit that focuses helping to…
rt  repjohnlarson  icymi  irs extended the time that homeowners affected by crumbling foundations have to make repairs & claim the repairs…
thank you to  theironworkers for hosting in washington last night  i had a wonderful time catching up with old frie…
barbara bush was a compassionate and selfless woman and an admirable first lady  she will be dearly missed and my t…
rt  chelliepingree    scottgottliebmd recently said he d use his authority at  us_fda to improve americans  eating habits  since diet is a…
keep your hands off the special prosecutor  donald  this is not a dictatorship
  fema awarded major pr 🇵🇷 recovery jobs to new  unprepared firms who failed to deliver  this exacerbated damages &…
i m joining  alexwitt on  msnbc at 12 15 p m  et to discuss the g o p tax scam  hope you can tune in 
equal pay is not just a women s issue  it impacts our families  businesses  & economy  equal pay day
  epascottpruitt s ethical lapses continue to mount  a free stay at  thebroadmoor luxury resort thanks to colorado…
46 people die each day from overdoses involving prescription opioids  protect your friends and family this national…
trump wont release his tax returns offers only praise to putin isn t concerned about russia s interference in elect…
  realdonaldtrump  i know you have a hard time with the truth  but here are the facts  1  construction along the ca…
4 of the 5 officials were nominated by president trump and confirmed by the republican-controlled senate  not sure…
 scotus  will start hearing arguments in janus v afscme  a case that attempts to undercut unions  dividing workers…
i am proud to be loved by such an intelligent  accomplished and beautiful woman 
a healthier u s a / 21st century cures act / americans spending more money treating diabetes than any other disease
rt  ariberman  breaking  nj gov signs automatic voter registration law  could register 600 000 new voters  13th state to enact avr  huge ne…
rt  jdawg1956    lacyclaymo1 the house farm bill would hurt working people in our district trying to feed their families  vote no  hands of…
thank you   carlosbeltran15 for giving us so many great baseball moments to remember  congratulations on a wonderfu…
1 month after pulse shootings  we honor the victims & recommit to protecting safety of  lgbt  americans  disarm hate
rt  miketanny  juliabrownley how will you work to create jobs ask julia  ca26  
rt  playbookplus    repbarragan on what s at stake in the 2018 midterms   anything with the word  obama  in it is under attack by this admi…
and the cards may be a little silly  but everyone likes receiving a valentine s day card  the local vets who get th…
amazing to see so many join today s walk for hunger in boston  here and across the country we have the power to…
as the winter olympic games begin  good luck to chicagoland and il athletes  aja evans  shani davis  brian hansen …
great to meet representatives of the santa clara valley water district to discuss how to best address the residenti…
happy mother s day 
rt  housejudiciary   repgoodlatte   repjohnconyers   the usa liberty act provides both security and privacy  and gives the government the t…
proud to join  officialcbc wearing kente cloth  and haitian/american flag pin  at sotu  we will never let so and so…
republicans would rather put money in the pockets of the 1% than support legislation like the jobs and justice act …
early saturday meeting with  tonipreckwinkle &  cookctyhealth on gun violence before the march for our lives …
despite the new year   housegop are up to their old practices  dragging their feet and failing to take decisive act…
our hashtags hands off d c and no d c riders topped washington s trends during our press conference this week  thank yo…
rt  jenniffer2012  junto a  repjoseserrano y otros 23 colegas congresistas de ambos partidos  le urgimos al secretario de salud federal y c…
rt  amjoyshow    maxinewaters  even as republicans see it now  some of them are whispering  they are embarrassed  they are worried  they re…
i hope to see you tomorrow at our students speak town hall to address gun violence  we must do what we can to…
rt  repgallagher  in light of this news  i m re-upping the op-ed  reprokhanna and i wrote last year  a key part of the drainthe swamp plan…
the flint water crisis is not an anomaly—it can happen anywhere in any community across this country  as flint cont…
great meeting with representatives from boilermakers local lodge no  5 to discuss the importance of maintaining via…
after ignoring urging of fbi & doj not to release misleading nunes memo because it omits material facts   potus now…
rt  athletics  sean manaea with a masterpiece no hitter  rooted in oakland
rt  scwrentham  u s  rep  joe kennedy saturday will hold office hours from 1 45 to 2 45 p m  in the public safety building behind town hall…
however  it occurred in a context where the united states has no clear policy in syria or the region and at a time…
   efforts to secure extradition of tomas yarrington  as the senior democrat on the border and maritime security subcommittee   
the g o p budget will slash funds for education  medicaid  infrastructure  & raise taxes 4 working families  i cannot stay silent about this 
in debt  don t worry  you have options   ftc explains more   flm2018 
an accurate census count is vital to all americans  especially communities of color  check out  voxdotcom to see ho…
i hope my congressional colleagues of both parties will join me in reminding the president that america has three b…
i had pleasure of meeting last week w/ reps from  csuci to discuss amazing work they re doing on behalf of student…
numbers don t lie   fema systematically put more effort  time  and money into houston s recovery than puerto rico …
 this week  congress recognized police week  it is a fitting time to honor all fallen officers  and every victim an…
rt  ejsbrocco  congressman  gkbutterfield has honored retiring nc house representative mickey michaux in the official congressional record…
the trump administration s census2020 move is expected to significantly impact california  esepcially  and as i…
thank you to  intel s folsom campus for letting me drop by  as a member of the science  space and technology commit…
thank you  nvreditor  for this moving tribute to the work of journalists everywhere  you and your fellow reporters…
 violence is preventable  not inevitable — community members from all over the  countyofla are speaking out at toda…
despite overwhelming support for a  daca  solution  the house has not been allowed to vote on this issue  proud to s…
it s time for the house to step up and do our jobs by debating a bipartisan  daca  solution  that s why i m supporti…
visit delaware this spring and explore some of the fun things to do in the first state  net d e  delawaretourism…
did you know sikhs wear turbans to uphold equality & justice  wishing my sikh friends a belated happy vaisakhi2018…
transgender people have a right to equal housing  fair employment  and accessible health care  it s time for congre…
the  fcc stole our free and open internet  i ve joined 150 other  housedemocrats in supporting legislation to resto…
also  i continue to urge the president to support syrian refugees who seek entry into america  our hearts break for…
6 the gop bill eliminates estate taxes on the wealthiest 0 2% of estates worth over  5 5 million  billionaires first
a former classmate of dr  king s he played a fundamental role in dr  king s trip to seattle  as spiritual leader fo…
i just published  farm bill priorities w  reps  jim mcgovern & chellie pingree 
today  the  ushouserep will vote on an appropriations bill that weakens the johnson amendment   2/4 
  potus & ag sessions need to back off marijuana & leave states that have legalized marijuana alone   senwarren & i…
amazing to join 175 000 of my fellow new yorkers and march for our lives for real gun control  we in congress must…
i toured the technology development center with  portbellingham   wwu   bhamtechcollege &  thefoundrywa to discuss…
 bhm  spotlight  zina garrison is an olympic gold medalist with an illustrious professional tennis career that spann…
i was pleased to attend the ceremony for the new inductees of the times business and industry hall of fame  your ex…
talking to  wolfblitzer about the comey memos and dnc lawsuit on  cnn
rt  replloyddoggett  since 2006  the average cost for a year of medication for someone with a chronic disease has more than doubled to over…
rt  aclu  reminder  you ended daca 
congresswoman louise slaughter was a transparency stalwart that fought for the working class at every turn  america…
professional caregiving is one of the fastest growing industries in the country  in new mexico  caregivers help th…
touched that sb vet group gave free care to pets of local homeless individuals  great service to animals & community
 dyk   in the u s   black women are 3-4 times more likely to die from pregnancy-related causes than their white coun…
i remain proud that my amendment to the champion act will provide  25 million in additional funding to allow commun…
dr  king fought for every race and ethnicity  he fought for the poor  he fought for women  he fought for cleaner ai…
in the trump era  the sanctuary movement has become the last line of defense to protect against a xenophobic and ov…
including a citizenship question to the 2020 census is concerning at a time when the trump administration has been…
it is heartbreaking to hear that attorney general jeff sessions and director of immigration and customs enforcement…
rt  househomeland  tune in   4pm est → field hearing at  portofla to examine physical security and cybersecurity at our nation s ports
thank you to the peaceful demonstrators that came out to make their voices heard on may day
  emmanuelmacron  germany s angela merkel and u k  s  borisjohnson are trying to uphold u s  commitment to the…
happy birthday to my fellow  cmualumni  neighboring district representative and good friend   repmoolenaar  glad we…
do you know what social security benefits you could be eligible for  this national social security month  learn more…
waters asks justice to investigate opponent s forged letter via  rollcall
proud to join  govraimondo  senjackreed  senwhitehouse  davidcicilline to announce state investments that will supp…
rt  ericgeller  breaking  after my reporting on john bolton eliminating the cyber coordinator post  house democrats unveil bill to create a…
congrats to the  houstonrockets 
equalpay is more than a basic family value  it s an issue of economic fairness and  frankly  completely necessary…
i m joining  outfrontcnn now to discuss iran and more  you can watch live on  cnn 
rt  repmarktakano  japanese american internment remembrance day is a reminder of my family s suffering and the terrible power of fear 
i have introduced a resolution supporting the goals and ideals of national engineers week  which is being celebrated…
once again we learn that  realdonaldtrump opposes sanctioning russia  in 2013  russia & the u s  agreed to remove a…
we cannot allow republicans to roll back critical civil rights protections by making trumpcare the law of the land 
planned parenthood clinics are often one of the few affordable health care options for many women  the preventive h…
rt  senjeffmerkley  last fall  i heard directly from flint residents about how the water crisis is still affecting their community  it s b…
i am reminded every day of the horrible suffering that the opioid addiction epidemic is inflicting on our neighbors…
i ll be on  perspectivanaci this sunday to talk about d r e a m eers  tune in 
proud to sign alongside both  repdonbeyer &  davidcicilline     and all my dem colleagues 
on today  the  usmc celebrates its 242nd birthday  i say with great pride  happy birthday marines   mclbalbany
❤️️❤️️❤️️
rt  repbillfoster    realdonaldtrump has denied the science of climatechange and let  epascottpruitt gut environmental regulations  it s d…
rt  cbsthismorning    repjoekennedy is criticizing the idea of arming teachers to protect schools  on  cbssunday   gayleking spoke with the…
rt  repcummings  it s time to send a clear message on the 2020 census that everyone counts  an undercount will hurt people in red states to…
photos from the huntington beach 4th of july celebration 
 1/3   potus  should thank the flight3407 families  they faced immeasurable grief and loss that none of us can full…
honored to receive the  usafmc s statesmanship award this evening for my bipartisan work w/  repfredupton on…
rt  ukcoachstoops  great seeing  repandybarr and  reptimryan on capitol hill this morning   bbn   ytown 
icymi  watch my exchange about the cfpb s handling of the investigation of the equifax data breach with u s  treas…
fact  the trump budget guts housing benefits for american families struggling to pay rent  this is wrong  plain & s…
had the chance to chat w/victoria moore of  famu_1887 during the cbcf s japan study abroad pre-departure reception …
rt  lcvoters    repmcnerney calls on all of us to continue fighting for global climate action  still in
in a new revelation  the special counsel has alleged trump campaign staff of corresponding with a russian intellige…
 chaunceyg202 read heller 
rt  hispaniccaucus  🗣🗣🗣 césar chávez risked his life to overcome the very racism & bigotry that rep  gohmert espouses  for him to twist & w…
on thursday  i held a roundtable discussion in newport to hear from local leaders working day in and day out to sav…
this week in the valley i met with soledad  chole  alatorre to congratulate her for becoming a naturalized u s  cit…
key points about trump s wall  -it s ineffective -it s a waste of money walls dont work
this is all the more reason to not let  realdonaldtrump walk away from the iran nuclear deal  walking away shows nor…
he often doesn t apologize because he thinks he was right   like when he said there were good people on both sides…
not only are trump s businesses profiting off of his weekend trips  but we have no idea who he s been meeting with …
49 years ago today  robert f  kennedy was murdered by a man with a gun  i cried  heaving as if something burst insi…
the legislation will fund designated treatment centers where individuals will receive comprehensive patient-centere…
don t miss the work we re doing for  az09  vets  families  & businesses  read & sign up for our newsletter …
just like the students who are speaking out  i commend the teachers who are raising their voices  i highly sugges…
the jct has analyzed  housegop  s billionaires first tax plan  and found that it may hurt the middle class  1/
 gusswnsn  purpleexpatorg greg - what are your concerns that you can share with me 
today is equal pay day  which symbolizes when  more than three months into the year  women s earnings finally catch…
rt  reptomemmer  breaking  the congressional cuba working group statement on leadership transition in cuba 
i am proud of these students for organizing on an issue that matters to them and i will take their passion back as…
  devinnunes   speakerryan &  housegop have proven they are willing to put president trump s interest above our nat…
natural resources council of maine asking for removal of epa secretary scott pruitt mepolitics
my bill will also provide grants to encourage and preserve the history of the anti-lynching movement 
running the government month to month causes harm to people & national security  the gop had plenty of time to pass…
rt  utahdinebikeyah  regina lopez-whiteskunk  a ute tribal member  talks with runners of the bears ears prayer run alliance  as  reprubengalle…
rt  fema  if you re looking for info on how to help with harvey  a list of trusted organizations in texas can be found here 
i spoke on the house floor today to support a long-term bill to reauthorize the  faa   this moment has been a long t…
women who experience sexual harassment at work are 6 5x more likely to change jobs than women who don t – often to…
rt  oversightdems  read it here  new info about the process being used to grant interim clearances - one individual who received an interim…
americans want congress to tackle deficits and put our nation s finances in order  we must do it in a way that does…
this is even less surprising than k t  mcfarland s emails  g o p tax scam  cut taxes for the rich  explode deficits …
as a father & grandfather  parents shouldn t have to worry about the safety of their children when they drop them o…
rt  s_webber  to win across missouri we have to fight across missouri  excited to open our permanent show me dems office in the bootheel  h…
one year ago today i was sworn in as a member of congress  serving you has been the greatest honor of my life   ny03 
proud to be one of them  dreamers deservea vote
remembering wilma mankiller  principal chief of the cherokee nation  1985-1995   women make history
rt  juliancastro  cruelty 
i want to make sure you are among the many westchester & rockland residents who receive my newsletter for updates a…
inland empire veterans deserve every available resource to help them succeed  i m proud to announce this funding wh…
está en sus manos ser nuestra voz y voto en estas elecciones  accedan para más info de cómo registrarse  voto latino
rt  cmarinucci  new  ca  rephuffman and  repmcnerney  along w  repraskin  d-md   and  repdankildee  d-mi  have announced the formation of t…
rt  replawrence  honored to stand with  repmarcykaptur making herstory this week as she breaks the record for longest-serving woman in the…
today i met with representatives from usa rice to discuss farm and trade policy issues  the meeting included bree…
strengthening neighborhoods and communities across delaware helps  ➖improve our economy ➖stabilize families ➖make o…
rt  rialtopolice  remember  the rialto police department offers an area to exchange your children per custody orders or exchange online pur…
rt  nwlc   reprichmond a7 2 people could shoulder costs ranging from  30 000 to  50 000 for maternity services  ask the experts
congrats to all of our democratic winners for congressional seats in pa  this november there will be more democrati…
  officialcbc delegation is  lyft for a  cbctechtalk  on making smart investments in black tech entrepreneurs and co…
shout to  loyolachicago on making the sweet16  keep making us proud  onward l u
here s my new op-ed on the economic strength and potential of our solar energy sector  i m proud to have co-founded…
rt  think100show  shout out to  repbarragan who recently dropped by the studio to let us know why it s so vital for us to fight for justic…
the kids are all right 
kicking off our tour of san diego small businesses at clayton s coffee shop in coronado  this community landmark wa…
rt  transportdems  we couldn t agree more   captsully  atc privatization means bad things for everyone who flies 
rt  oversightdems    repcummings  we also do not know whether michael flynn  jr   like his father  omitted other foreign contacts and trips…
i just sent a letter to the florida state legislature urging them to repeal the firearm preemption law so that loca…
congrats to alameda health systems on the grand opening of the new simulation lab at highland hospital  this new pr…
i stand with all americans in recognizing the 76th anniversary of the attack on pearl harbor  thank you to all of o…
no matter what  realdonaldtrump says  russia is an adversary and a threat – look no further than their invasion of…
rt  nydiavelazquez  trump s  dhsgov ended tps status for thousands of immigrants whose home countries remain ravished by hardship  proud to…
8 yrs ago today  the exploratory oil rig deepwater horizon exploded  it was the worst environmental disaster in us…
rt  wamcnews    peterwelch tells  alanchartock that he is supporting a bill to invoke congressional review act to counter fcc action to cho…
rt  tedlieu  4 possible felonies from rudy giuliani admission  1   130k payment to stormy was in-kind coordinated contribution above limits…
meeting with  dhsgov secretary kelly and  hispaniccaucus to talk about keeping  usa  safe w/o breaking up immigrant…
great to see  wa  leading the way to restore netneutrality protections  it s time for congress to do the same and p…
 housegop newsflash for  housegop   1 5 trillion tax cuts for richest 1% are the problem  not programs helping fami…
in the richest nation on earth  why do our lawmakers want more families to go to bed hungry  these cuts to nutritio…
watch  today at 12 30pm et the  hispaniccaucus will have a press conference on the mounting concerns with the trump…
icymi  our bill protecting arizona kids from id theft passed the house  we ll keep working to bring these scammers…
i  too  offer thoughts & prayers        i also offer my support to bring gunsafety measures up for a vote 
rt  repcheri  no matter how you slice it  the g o p tax scam is going to raise taxes on middle class families clear across the midwest and the…
yet again  we see a systematic campaign from  whitehouse to distract  discredit and undermine special counsel mueller and the investigation 
not enough americans are becoming farmers  but by cosponsoring the young farmer success act i believe we can boost…
honored to be at st  louis park s climate action plan kickoff observing earth day  thanks mayor jake spano 
federal judge  trump admin must continue to accept new and renewed daca applications  dreamers aren t illegal  i…
rt  hispaniccaucus  we will be following this case closely  for now   dhsgov has 90 days to explain why the  daca  program was terminated  i…
laborers have our back  it s about time congress has theirs  i m proud to stand with hardworking  machinistsunion…
trump spent less time scrutinizing his va nominee than most people spend on yelp before picking a plumber  why is h…
i heard incredible messages of hope  resilience  and optimism for armenia s future at the commemoration for the 103…
president trump should be ashamed of his comments about haiti  el salvador and african nations  he must publicly ap…
rt  gendyn_nassco  thanks to  repscottpeters  repsusandavis  darrellissa  lorettasanchez and  repmiketurner for visiting today 
i believe rep  conyers should resign  full statement below 
8 years ago  the deepwater horizon disaster killed 11 and spilled 200m gallons of oil into the gulf of mexico …
i joined my colleagues last night for this year s will on the hill at the shakespeare theater company
 the earth is the lord s   says a psalms of david  if the the earth does not belong to us we must stop messing it u…
6  those of us who know people who have suffered through horrific shootings like sandy hook understand that his app…
while president trump can t be charged with lying to the american people  his false statements about hush money pay…
on denim day  we stand together to fight misconceptions surrounding sexual assault  there is no excuse for assault …
congrats to the participants in the 2018 congressional art competition  this year s winner is kyra mclaughlin  from…
but rural alabama is not the only area where wastewater infrastructure has created a health crisis  one 2004 study…
today  i was so happy to  take 5 & read to kids  at an event organized by  first5ventura &  vcstar to raise awarene…
rt  tslafsky  thank u  repbobbyrush and  officialcbc for your long time and stalwart support for  340b   we appreciate your continued effor…
i am proud to announce that i will joined at the state of the union by north branch mayor kirsten kennedy – an outs…
our ports of entry facilitate trade and travel that is connected to jobs in texas and states all across this countr…
after getting a christmas gift in the form of a tax giveaway it seems like wells fargo is trying to pull the wool o…
america needs to engage in the world  not withdraw from it & undermine our credibility  iran deal
rt  officialcbc  watch our prebuttal state of the union press conference on how the cbc will  stare racism in the face  tonight 
looking forward to taking your questions at our town hall tomorrow — 10am at montwood high school 
rt  whitehouse   if we re going to raise our kids in a safer  more loving world  we need to speak up for it   — potus no bill no break
 human progress is neither automatic nor inevitable… every step toward the goal of justice requires sacrifice  suff…
we are blessed in california w/ some of the most beautiful land in the country  including  yosemitenps  you can…
i spoke to the women evanston business owners at their quarterly meeting today to discuss a broad range of issues r…
it s national park week  i m requesting  usps for a stamp to honor the aja citizens who were held at honouliuli  now a nat l park in hi 
  realdonaldtrump wants to end protected status for 400 000 immigrants  many have built lives & contributed to comm…
  globalsupertank can lay down more than a mile and a half of water or fire retardant  6x longer than other tankers…
assemblywoman  lorenasgonzalez  as your congressman  i can help you with that  please reach out to my office and i…
working with my staff tonight in the capitol on some long term planning  goal  how to best serve the 53rd in 2018 
happy baisakhi  today we honor the history and many contributions of the sikh community  i wish everyone celebratin…
rt  repteddeutch  say their names and remember them 
rt  cccportland  thank you   repbonamici  for proposing and advancing this important piece of legislation that came from listening deeply a…
during womens history month and every month  let s celebrate what we can accomplish when we empower and uplift women…
i want to express my deep admiration for  senjohnmccain and gratitude for his service to the country  my full state…
prescription drug prices are out of control  i introduced legislation in the house of representatives to allow amer…
 clayton_kazan  californiaacep  lacofd  asmmikegipson great work  team 
rt  uwson  today our faculty and staff are excited to host  repjimmcdermott  a true champion for nurses and nursing excellence 
bipartisan tradition of extending these protections  without them  thousands of families who have contributed so mu…
  realdonaldtrump likes to believe he s breaking records  here s one that s actually true  he borrowed a record hig…
rt  rosadelauro  thoughts and prayers are not enough  we need to ban assault weapons—weapons of war that have no place in our society 
all the facts need to brought out in the billionaires first  housegop tax plan so we fully understand who gets tax cuts and increases
a well thought out plan must ensure the important role federal resources have in maintaining & modernizing infrastr…
rt  govholcomb  this is an all-hands-on-deck approach  glad to be with  repvisclosky   sendonnelly   sentoddyoung  mayor copeland and resid…
it was great to hear about  accenture s apprenticeship program  helping ensure we have workers ready for 21st cent…
our nation s top law enforcement officers shouldn t be targeted  threatened with removal or fired simply for doing…
proud to announce this grant for  abccaa  investing in programs like this helps ensure that our children are prepar…
 onlyorganic homegrown organic act is a win for our environment and our economy 
join us tomorrow for an awesome panel of entrepreneurs covering a diverse range of businesses 
i think there should be a special counsel to investigate why the house gop leader now wants a special counsel to…
rt  braincanada  in 2015  team led by  ubc s poul sorensen was awarded  1 25m impact grant  co-funded w  cancersociety for brain cancer res…
small businesses and entrepreneurs want to see their taxes simplified  however  just 7% of small businesses who tho…
this is the impact of  secretarycarson s proposed plan to triple the rent for low-income families  1 million childr…
the expulsion of 60 russian diplomats from the u s   including from the russian consulate in seattle  is the right…
our condolences are with the family of capt  theo adams  every day  our first responders risk their lives to protec…
tonight we are celebrating & honoring the 11 wa02 high school students who participated in the congressional art co…
always a great conversation with the greater ft  lauderdale chamber of commerce  thanks  repteddeutch for organizin…
an important monday afternoon read enough is enough ask m s d students
the affordable care act is working  and the american people want congress to take action to improve health care  no…
además haremos recomendaciones positivas y concretas que conduzcan a la toma de medidas por parte del congreso y las agencias federales 
fattah leadership = 7 billion investment in brain science & health fattah announces increased neuroscience funding
will  pembroke_titans repeat as champions in the  ma09   congressionalac app challenge  you can t win if you don t enter an app by nov  2 
join me for the farmers roundtable18  3 24 18 at  tccworkforce in tallahassee  house ag committee ranking member…
here s why the gop intel report had to be written as it was 
rt  reptimwalz  2 million people will have their access to food threatened if the  housegop passes their hyper-partisan farm bill  that s…
self dealing  foreign payments  the people deserve to know the truth about the trump hotel 👉…
rt  morningmika  where i ask alexa a question that a  moron  could answer    
rt  fleshmankaren  this report on the congressional black caucus visit to silicon valley is a must read  say it  gkbutterfield  the bigges…
rt  qhmshow  we have  repdwightevans live in the studio  he s running for congress  have any questions or what to get to know him call us u…
you are letting the american people down  your actions are distracting the epa from its core mission & have created…
 iteptweets it is imperative we explore every option to prevent marylanders from increases in state income taxes  w…
high school students in san diego and imperial counties  join the 2018 congressional art competition  visit my webs…
the  laharborfilm festival s  bye bye birdie  gala was a huge success  drop by  warnergrandsp & enjoy a screening—…
rt  bostonupdate  local news update  capuano a hometown favorite in somerville - // team mike somerville-have you voted 
please keep the family of chicago police commander paul bauer in your prayers  never take our first responders for…
californians will keep fighting for bridges  not walls  we fight for tolerance and for our immigrant friends and ne…
five days after i called for the investigation of albert kelly  his departure from the  epa is welcome news  as a f…
there is no one magic solution to end gun violence - but that doesn t mean we should do nothing  i stand with the mi…
i pledge to never forget and to do all i can to make sure future generations don t either  that s why i ve introduc…
i hope president trump will put action behind his words and work with democrats and republicans to take meaningful…
helped pass a resolution to condemn human rights abuses in ethiopia  and call on the ethiopian government to lift t…
rt  bekind2themind  what is our mission  visit our website to find out  bekind2themind talkstigma letstalkstigma
team m l g said the pitches were fantastic tonight  great job to all of the participants and congrats to the winners…
the trump administration s decision to forcibly separate children from their mothers on the border is despicable  t…
while i roll up my sleeves in dc to get a bipartisan budget agreement to end the government shutdown  i took a few…
lt  sauer made the ultimate sacrifice for his country  this medal honors his service and his family s sacrifice on…
americans shouldn t have to choose between their jobs and their families  america needs paid leave now   fmla23 
the only thing that could send a clearer message that this investigation is serious would be the trump organization…
the addition of a citizenship question to the 2020 census will be detrimental to the overall participation of commu…
shutdowns have real consequences  the last g o pshutdown took  24b out of the economy  we can t afford that   housegop  do your job 
new hampshire treatment and recovery centers have waited long enough  new hampshire needs funding  not photo-ops …
rt  transportdems  glad to have  osuceoas professor/associate dean tuba ozkan-haller  ph d  at today s coastguard hearing to explore how e…
1/2 congratulations to matthew bruner of laguardia hs & a resident of my district for his submission of  nyc skylin…
house intel republicans  fundamentally flawed final report on russia is the result of a fundamentally flawed invest…
no john mc cain dramatically and decisively voted against trump/mcconnell bill to repeal the  aca   obamacare as rep…
congrats to this year s arbor day poster contest state winner  amelia  a 5th grader at southern delaware school of…
watch now  on  foxbusiness w  teamcavuto to bring some fair and balance 
for every  1 paid to a man  a woman is paid only 80¢ on average  that simply isn t fair or acceptable  our sisters …
gop  housecommerce leaders are attempting to remedy their slow response to the opioid epidemic by hastily marking…
rt  davidhogg111  wow just  wow  jamesshawjr9 lots of work ahead but the young people will win 🧡🧡🧡  ypww 
rt  aflcio  we celebrate the life and work of an extraordinary leader who understood worker rights are human rights  mandela day
if mlk was alive today  he d be marching not only for civil rights & protecting voting rights  but to urge members…
12 858 days and counting of fighting for the working people of america  thank you  repmarcykaptur and congratulatio…
good conversation with  majorcbs on the  takeoutpodcast about our service in the ninth district and what  potus get…
rt  reptedlieu  despite overwhelming support for a  daca  solution  the house has not been allowed to vote on this issue  proud to support t…
earth day is dedicated to bringing people together to protect our environment  we must continue to fight climate ch…
why is congress giving wallstreet a christmas present when many hardworking americans struggle 2 make ends meet  i will vote no on cromnibus
pleased to see this investment in tribal health care in  az01   addressing diabetes requires access to quality  affo…
memo to our so-called president  birther-in-chief   the civil war is over  the confederacy lost  get over it
i m working to strengthen public schools  and that includes standing against efforts by secretary devos to privatiz…
deeply saddened for the passing of lieutenant matthew letorneau  praying for his family  friends  and all members of the  phillyfiredept 
today i joined a resolution led by  reploisfrankel &  rosadelauro to recognize the significance of equal pay day  al…
as a young single mother  i relied on food stamps to provide for my two boys  that assistance during hard times hel…
rt  repjerrynadler    realdonaldtrump is mistaken when he assumes that the rule of law no longer applies in this country  or that he is som…
women bring new perspectives  backgrounds  & problem solving skills to the table – traits we know are necessary to…
thousands of nj students participated in the national school walkout day and the reports that some school districts…
gop leadership has repeatedly tried to repeal the  aca  legislatively  now  the trump administration is now planning…
background checks save lives  24 years ago  president clinton signed the brady handgun violence prevention act into…
maryland is home to 570 000  small businesses and more than 1 million smallbiz employees  this small business week …
rt  housedemocrats   otd  in 1961  president john f  kennedy issued executive order 10924  establishing the  peacecorps  today  more than 23…
rt  emgageactionfl   repdarrensoto addressing our team as we prepare to emgagethehill  emgageaction
rt  allinwithchris    repjimmcdermott reflects on  94 assault weapons ban   we haven t done anything in [congress] since in terms of trying…
happy kwanzaa  
grateful to work with  davhq to expand access to mental health care and reduce veteran suicide 
congressman john lewis has lived a life of dedication and service  his impact on black history and american history…
rt  medicaregov  do you have medicare  we will start mailing a new medicare card with a new medicare number starting in april  learn more a…
there needs to be an acknowledgment that this g o p tax bill was done in haste and that there were many mistakes 
this is important  the war powers resolution  or  act  as it has become known  does not give  realdonaldtrump the a…
congratulations to the amazing honorees at the bapac women s brunch honoring san diego s  hidden figures   it is im…
every family deserves prosperity  every family deserves a good-paying job  every family deserves quality education …
the  3b increase for  nih is an example of the progress we re making in funding the pursuit of cures for diseases s…
this afternoon  i ll be touring  ywca_rochester and discussing the importance of congress and president trump quick…
i hope that walmart will be more careful in the future  3/3
as a lifelong disabilities advocate  it was an honor to deliver closing remarks at this year s  aucdnews conference 
for those who had problems filing their taxes online today  the  irs  has extended the deadline for one day  now due…
it s about time we find a bipartisan solution to fix congress that works for everyone   ne02 
big pharma must be held accountable for the devastation  heartache  suffering  and loss of life they ve perpetuated…
snap provides vital assistance to millions of americans struggling to put food on their tables  i will do all i can…
trump s nominee for secretary of state  mike pompeo  has his confirmation hearing this morning  let s take a look where he stands   
after a gunman shot four officers and took the life of ofc jake laird  indiana passed a bipartisan law to allow pol…
this growth is a testament to the military s investment in san diego  interested in joining  gendyn_nassco as they…
so great to meet so many young ladies and remind them they are the future and can be anything they can want  includ…
rt  emolclause  b r e a k i n g  in the most flagrant case of emoluments clause violation yet  turns out 72 hours after china approved  500m for …
ty mayor carla nichols for chance 2 discuss climatechange health reform w/ woodway residents 
a big deal  
88 house ds joined me today to support my plan to stabilize market & call on speaker ryan to lead in bipartisan way…
one year ago  my house republican colleagues voted for legislation that would have stolen health care & raised cost…
hours before his death  martin luther king delivered one of the greatest speeches in our history  on this anniversa…
 sgibson_13 working with so many amazing women and like-minded united in the pursuit of one goal  equality 
rt  thebeatdc    repkarenbass &  repveasey are convening a roundtable discussion with leaders from the dod and hbcus to discuss funding opp…
under the guise of a typical audit  doj is terminating the legal orientation program  lop  & immigration court help…
 i am calling for a thorough hearing to make certain that we learn the lessons needed to prevent a crisis like this…
 a road to opportunities   city celebrates start of u s  301 redevelopment
tax policy center has said it made an error & will be revising it s analysis of the gop tax plan - will look forward to seeing that 
we stood together today to continue to fight for temperance flat  i have fought for valley water for decades  and…
the men and women of our coast guard work every day to keep our country safe along our long borders  including flor…
today  senbillnelson   marcorubio  others in the fl delegation  & i sought to extend the transitional shelter assis…
this past year  i ve heard repeatedly from my constituents about the vitriol coming from this president directed at…
fact  instead of lowering prescription drug prices  trumpcare would have forced families to pay even more  we have a better deal 
i m honored to host  usdot  secretaryfoxx for a tour of the  bart  berryessa station in  ca17  
thank you coalition partners for coming to the capitol as we prepare to repeat our successes in keeping congress fr…
rt  bluecollardems  on sunday  blue collar caucus trailblazer  repmarcykaptur will become the longest-serving woman in house history  she i…
 chakafattah
joining  wolfblitzer in a moment to talk about the russia investigation and nunes memo  tune in on  cnn
this fight is coming to the house floor soon  and the stakes of what happens with the farm bill are high for virgin…
rt  elton08  i voted today in the ma senate primary i voted for mike capuano a man of the people  // thank you  anthony  masen
the wh is lauding their budget as  taxpayers first   when in reality that could not be further from the truth 
🚨the deadline for the  fl07  art competition is just one week away  🚨 it s open to all high school students from my…
rt  repteddeutch  on feb  14th  17 students & teachers were killed in another senseless act of gun violence  in march  the  nra posted it…
rt  albertocairo  hi everyone  international chart day is on april 26th  the  free   event will be in washington dc 
the  usedgov &  betsydevosed should be standing up for student loan borrowers  not unscrupulous student loan servic…
during national police week  and especially today on peace officers memorial day  we honor the law enforcement offi…
rt  rexrichardson  proud to join reps   janicehahn   replowenthal   gracenapolitano   lorettasanchez & supervisor  mridleythomas in northlb…
news this week that a fed judge upheld ma s assault weapons ban is good  but  lowellsunnews makes a strong point  c…
thanks to the folks from  ppgnhi for stopping by the office to chat about the teen pregnancy prevention program whi…
rt  nicolehockley  passed 407-10  fantastic   sandyhook
rt  ronaldklain  the sitting president -- not a campaign -- hired a firm to find dirt on the personal lives of former wh aides  who paid f…
this is intentional race baiting and i urge mr  blankenship to stop going down this divisive and hateful path  this…
the senate is voting today on whether to end america s role in the bombing and starving of families in yemen  star…
so great discussing wild horses and rewilding with  repadamschiff today  meet my ride  rusty 
rt  edworkforcedems  from  nytimes  the education dept  effectively killed investigations into possibly fraudulent activities at several la…
birther-in-chief traveled to california to promote silly border wall  but had nothing to say about mexico paying fo…
this is a sad day for the hudson valley 
today  i was honored to receive the  humanesociety s humane champion award  my 11th consecutive award from the huma…
vive la france  vive la revolution  macron called for a new  global community  and  strong multilateralism  to resi…
stock market plunging amid 45 s chaos  crisis & confusion  hey donald  what happened to all the winning  trump slump
rt  wfsbnews  just in  the ct mission of mercy free dental clinic in torrington has reached capacity  patients who didn t get a spot today…
i am a proud cosponsor of the paycheck fairness act  which would strengthen and provide further protections against…
today we mark the beginning of the armenian genocide & remember the 1 5 million killed  no one can deny history  no…
we will never forget  september11
monica  sky  sage  and i wish you and your family a very merry christmas and happy holidays  wishing everyone health and happiness in 2018 
rt  lbjlibrary  archives black history  lbj established  hudgov as a new cabinet-level agency in 1965  in 1966  he nominated robert c  wea…
during sexual assault awareness month and all throughout the year  we must continue shattering the silence around sexu…
rt  laurenmcgowan  🙌🙌🙌🙌  we might not need the head tax if our corporate leaders would put money and effort into a real campaign that helps…
⚡️newsflash  social security is insurance that the american people have paid for  10k baby boomers a day become eli…
read my entire statement from today s hearing 
lots of great aviation news for our region this week   jetblue returning to  flyont after a decade  and my amendmen…
proud to be named the most bipartisan freshman dem in congress  as co-chair of the problem solvers caucus  i know n…
i m ready 
we are blessed in the san joaquin valley w/ an incredibly diverse & culturally-rich community  thank you to our v…
i m devastated by the news coming out of florida  children in this country shouldn t have to be fearful about simpl…
rt  nv4hcn  tomorrow  bring a friend   repdinatitus will be speaking 
big corporations are pushing to get rid of worker protections and incentivize outsourcing in nafta negotiations  if…
to commemorate the 50th anniversary of dr  martin luther king  jr  s visit to paterson  i joined with mayor jane wi…
today gov  ricardorossello announced new website w/ updates on status & where to get supplies  visit 6/8
after failing to pass trump care  republicans have worked to sabotage the  aca–  destabilizing the marketplace  kick…
in louisiana alone  2 000 d r e a mers have been able to come forward & begin their lives as legal  american citizens defend d a c a
i introduced  hr5517  the enhance cybersecurity for small manufacturers act w/  repgallagher to empower mep centers…
department of defense operations have become increasingly dependent on electromagnetic spectrum access across all d…
san benito county residents  the county is holding a veteran resource fair tomorrow at the veterans memorial buildi…
rt  alexbreitler  to repeat  stockton air quality right now is bad for everyone -- not just sensitive groups  stay inside if you can
i was glad to speak with mayor bob gallagher of bettendorf and mayor frank klipsch of davenport while they were in…
rt  repkhandel  thank you to  repohalleran for joining me in introducing this bipartisan legislation  watch my remarks on h r  5440 from t…
i signed this letter because i believe one of the first responsibilities a president has is to protect the u s  fro…
rt  leslieproll  thank you deltas for coming out in force today to oppose judicial nomination of thomas farr at  naacp press conference  we…
rt  martyirby  many thanks to  nowthisnews for affording us the opportunity to speak in support of the horseracing integrity act that woul…
 jasonrantz  benshapiro 4 months  maybe 2  at best
real pleasure to meet denise rohan - the first female american legion commander in history  we owe our veterans ou…
rt  replawrence  rt if you agree  clean drinking water should be a basic human right  dont forget flint
gangs out of downey did an excellent job organizing this year s officer ricky galvez scholarship gala  it was a priv…
 president trump has consistently demonstrated his ignorance of the complexity of the world s challenges and today …
as hindus  jains  sikhs & buddhists celebrate festival of lights  best wishes for a happy diwali2014 & saal mubarak 
congratulations  go2missionsc on the his-stem grant of more than  967 000 over 5 years   stem   ca17 
if we destroy the arctic refuge  we can t get that pristine landscape back  we need to protect the arctic for future…
don t be so dramatic 
rt  ucf  onto the semifinals  jeopardy college championship  go hannah  knight nation is cheering you on ⚡️🔛 who u rooting for
on teacher appreciation day  we thank all the educators who work tirelessly and sacrifice so much to teach our child…
opening up the woodlean little league season 
this  
¡les deseo un feliz día de las madres a todos celebrando hoy  y aquí en los estados unidos  no se olviden de llamar…
the trump commerce department has decided to politicize our country s census by including a citizenship question i…
the music modernization act just passed the house 415-0  these updates are long overdue & will help level the playi…
we d all be better off if potus watched tvland 
rt  fdny  in response to friday s fatal 2-alarm fire   fdny  fire safety education unit is sharing safety info at rite aid at 4232 bay chest…
this scenario might have been unthinkable under any other president in modern history  but trump has shown he will…
this week  i voted to stop congressional pay raises  provide the largest pay raise for our military in eight years …
was very honored to receive the first  josehuizar distinguished public service award from  salesianla at their 10th…
this morning  every republican on the house intelligence committee cast a vote to prematurely end the…
to all the students  parents  faculty  staff and everyone out there today  i m with you  i hear you  and i won t st…
americans eat more food on super bowl sunday than any other day of the year except thanksgiving  according to the…
today   housegop  will bring up a bill that is designed to restrict women s access to the full range of health care…
i m being attacked for doing my job  i m traveling around  mn07    setting up meetings  and listening to residents 
rt  foodbankwma   repmcgovern denounces the 2018 republican farm bill on the house floor for its extreme cuts to the supplemental nutrition…
connecticut has lost more than 100 000 manufacturing jobs since nafta went into effect  our trade deals must stop t…
today is equal pay day  nationwide  on average  women earn about 20 percent less than men  equalpay means more mone…
always great to meet with you  thank you for your important work   aphfortheblind 
the dnc has filed a lawsuit against the  realdonaldtrump campaign for conspiring with russia in the last election …
 breaking   taking 2 legal actions to protect consumers  first  joined by  agschneiderman and  ordoj  we are seeking…
rt  repkarenbass  republicans of the house judiciary committee are the latest to publicly demonstrate full-fledged loyalty to trump over th…
twitter  gop crooked lines struck down  a victory for voters 
great visit  compton_yb  ty for creating a positive environment where our youth can obtain educational opportunitie…
rt  housejuddems  dyk that  housedemocrats have been fighting for meaningful congressional oversight of the trump administration  it s time…
the models of quinceañera magazine are here at the warner grand for the  laharborfilm festival  now showing   15 …
i am disappointed that house republicans have chosen to mark up a partisan farm bill that includes severe cuts to…
congress just voted to begin considering the nuclear waste policy amendments act of 2018 which will bring unwanted…
rt  homelanddems  today  benniegthompson introduced a resolution of inquiry directing dhs to provide info on russia hacking & election inte…
as autism awareness month ends  i m thankful for the teachers  doctors and parents that help our kids with autism su…
another judge has ruled against the administration s efforts to end  daca   we still need to pass a permanent soluti…
rt  aramac_ca   repkihuen thank you   repkihuen  for your principled position on this issue of human rights and restorative justice for arm…
in celebration of national teacher appreciation day  meet cava menzies  an extraordinary educator and musician in th…
if trump s changes to the  public charge  rule are enacted  parents will be forced to choose between citizenship &…
today s  scotus  rejection of trump admin s appeal challenging  daca  underscores urgent need for congress to pass le…
the 2018 congressional art competition for high school students in  ny17  is underway  details here …
again  congratulation to zion  tatiana  gedeon  hans  and daniel  as well as to team coach john raulerson and oak r…
here s the story on my recent visit to bemidji 
it s computer science education week  more than are 486 000 computer science jobs are available  but not enough wor…
not in a million bazillion years  mr  president  congress has never given a line item veto even to the presidents w…
big corporations and republicans  wealthy donors get huge tax breaks because of the g o p tax scam  tax day
i m calling on house leaders to include emergency funding for wildfire suppression in any upcoming spending bills 
rt  hispaniccaucus  trump s anti-immigrant policies are hurting small businesses across the country that can t find americans willing to do…
rt  lakewoodcolo  lakewood named one of top 100 best places to live -
waiting for a plane and met a retired midwesterner  he told me  these kids are going to change the world  i haven t…
i had a great time at  dragosinc in hanover yesterday getting to know the folks that are working hard to keep our i…
 so often we overlook the work and the significance of those who are not in professional jobs  of those who are not…
rt  jamie_love   just the threat  of exercising rights would  cause the pharmaceutical companies to blink    lloyddoggetttx
  speakerryan said the g o p tax scam would cause corporations to create new jobs and raise wages  the reality is that…
while i m pleased to see a 3rd judge rule against the trump administration s decision to rescind  daca   it s time f…
please join me in congratulating ms  zestlan simmons of booker t  washington magnet high school - last night she wa…
cool read in  wired showing the vital role  statedeptdss will play in keeping  teamusa safe from cyber and physica…
wishing everyone the luck of the irish today  happy st  patrick s day 
whether it s separating immigrant children from their families or stealing from funds dedicated to children s healt…
rt  dkambusa  great meeting  repannaeshoo talking about our new consulate general in palo alto  big potential for even stronger cooperation…
in the past 46 days the united states has already had 18 school shootings  when are we going to say enough is enoug…
i am proud to be from a state that is instrumental in feeding people throughout the united states and the world national ag day g a proud
rt  repcohen  honored to address crowd   nat l civil rights museum  ncrmuseum in memphis for  mlk50  &to support universal health care-one o…
i m honored to be selected by  nancypelosi to negotiate the fy17  ndaa   protecting nationalsecurity & ensuring military readiness are key 
every day until we vote  i will highlight aspects of the g o p budget that will be harmful to louisiana families 
this is what happens when you try to force a bad bill that would impact 1/5 of us economy and negatively impact hun…
i returned today from a congressional delegation visit to afghanistan  jordan  and israel  the focus of the trip wa…
i ll be joining the conversation on  wbur  radioboston this afternoon   3pm- tune in 
trump and the republicans tax reform bill is the biggest scam to our nation s middle and lower classes  what trump wont say
rt  energycommerce  rm  frankpallone and  peterwelch s statement on  ajitpaifcc s harmful decision to unilaterally transfer usf funds to th…
today marks 9 years since president obama signed the lilly ledbetter fair pay act into law  while lilly s fight for…
a3  our fight for health equity is an acknowledgement that americans simply do not have equal opportunities to live…
cbo reports--with a republican in the oval office and majorities in the house and senate--the federal budget defici…
rt  boeingdefense  from the balcony in the everett modification center you can see most of the floor  there are more than a thousand people…
muller s indictments leave me wondering who from the trump campaign interacted with these russians  regardless if t…
…or we could fund the desperately needed expansion of the veteran caregiver programs that support families caring f…
yesterday  i spoke with  ntn24 about the iran deal and  emmanuelmacron s visit to the united states 
we must safeguard public lands and compensate the communities that maintain them  i proudly introduced the bipartis…
  reppeteking & i just signed on as original cosponsors of the u s aact  bipartisan legislation to protect dreamers…
wage discrimination has no place in our country  i strongly believe in equal pay for equal work & am a proud cosponsor…
did you know it s national library week  rhode island has many fantastic public libraries  so be sure to join the ce…
latest  sunshine skyway re-opened 
way to go indy  indianapolis named to  amazon s shortlist for its hq2  further proof our city is one of the nation…
need help  my staff will be at the sylvan oaks library on tuesday from 10 00am to noon to help you with social secu…
foreign meddling in our elections cannot go unpunished – sanctions needed to prevent future attacks  the integrity…
what a beautiful morning for the march for science  so glad to join  nyuniversity students and professors to take a…
 after britain had a mass shooting in 1987  they instituted strict gun control laws  so did australia    but the us…
happy national ag day  from the farmers to the ranchers across the united states  i want to say thank you for the ha…
on this  sotu  day  i stand with my  officialcbc colleagues in the fight to root out racism and end sexual assault 
after this markup  after the winners pocket their rewards  the spotlight will move on  every person in this room knows what will happen next
congrats to delaware s own donte divincenzo for an incredible performance leading  novambb to a…
 jim_brunner i love dean but i don t believe so  it was paige richardson who was her campaign consultant from the v…
each year  law enforcement officers  families  and supporters come from around the country to honor america s law e…
 ravibhalla  senbooker  senatormenendez  cityofhoboken  keithellison  dnc two meetings in one week  thanks for host…
this afternoon  i spoke with  ambwilczek of poland about removal of the katyn memorial in jersey city  it is my hop…
had a deeply informative visit to the u s -mexico border with  reppeteaguilar  as the top democrat on house…
during the 2018 farm bill markup we discussed the proposal to implement untested  expensive & bureaucratic programs…
joined by 170 house colleagues  i sent a letter to  realdonaldtrump insisting that the federal government remain op…
it was a rough passover seder last night 
and does he really think these investors will fund critical  but less lucrative projects in rural communities like…
rt  scrubbedin  every flag you see represents a new jerseyan treated for firearm injury  univhospnewark by  njmsdeptsurgery surgeons since…
get help with federal agencies at mobile office hours today thursday  april 26th  1 00-2 30pm  at mesa veterans reso…
right now  there isn t a county in america where a single parent working full time for minimum wage can reasonably…
rt  giffordscourage   repryancostello  repkathleenrice  ndvh  nnedv  ncadv  withoutviolence  jewishwomenintl it would would incentivize sta…
climate change is a major threat to public health  and yet  the trump budget makes cuts to the agency that s suppos…
i recently moderated a  metroplan_orl meeting with  usdot on transportation infrastructure in orlando  we had a gr…
passover commemorates the jewish people s liberation from oppression & reminds us to cherish the gift of freedom …
rt  nancypelosi  we re just a few minutes away from house democrats & activists coming together to celebrate the 8th anniversary of the aca…
infrastructure week2018 is a reminder of the critical state of our county s infrastructure  we need trillions of do…
very much looking forward to talking with the young people of  gupolitics about the many issues that impact them &…
on friday  we re holding our 94th town hall  hope you can join us for another great conversation  click here for co…
este logro no se trata de estadísticas  se trata de preservar la vida humana 
met with  1199seiu members today to discuss the ongoing health care crisis in puerto rico & the us virgin islands …
several inches of rain are expected to fall across los angeles in the coming days   ca33  residents are urged to tak…
this is bigoted & racist  it suggests there is one tradition & one appearance that all humanity should conform to 
thank you to the savo family from east haven for sharing your story and fighting to end als  i ll keep working ever…
congratulations to my former chief of staff joni ivey on receiving the community citizenship action award from hrca…
  leodicaprio  i couldn t agree more  that s why i introduced my climate change education act  it s time to act 
rt  hilary_franzcpl  this evening  i had the pleasure of joining 200  of my friends in support of  climatesolution  together  we are workin…
the trump administration s culture of corruption is – once again – costing the taxpayers dearly   ustraderep lighthi…
the 2018 congressional art competition for high school students in  ny17  is underway  details here 
we cannot ask our officers to do this work while failing to cope with the consequences  we must take care of them s…
sending my aloha and prayers to mayor harry kim  his ohana  and our hawaii island community  best wishes for a spe…
in this week s e-newsletter  i recap the latest  including questioning scott pruitt  fighting opioids  improving t…
roberto clemente was a top player  a pioneer & a hero who died while trying to help the most needy  proud to have l…
monitoring situation in turkey & hoping for immediate peace & stability in turkey 
rt  housedemocrats  wishing all who celebrate a peaceful and reflective ramadan 
the opioid epidemic is impacting families across the country of every race  income  education level  it s my hope…
always glad to work with my colleagues in the house on real gun reform solutions  i m grateful to have the chance t…
 usgao  epascottpruitt this is part of a pattern of abuse of power  ethics violations & disrespect for the rule of…
about to go live with  teamcavuto  be sure to tune in 
so glad i got to chat with history students from  hvcentralhs 
as the trump administration continues its campaign to dismantle the affordable care act  it s more important now th…
rush statement on  speakerryan s reversal to oust house chaplain patrick conroy 
disturbed by the crime  saddened by the loss  hopeful for justice  rest in peace miss flo
it was an honor to join in the ribbon-cutting of fresno s new center for homeless & disabled veterans  our veter…
40 moments of silence since 2012 and zero commonsense gun bills signed into law  it s time to stand up for families…
to be clear – democrats did not abandon dreamers  the president manufactured this crisis himself and rejected bipar…
tune into weta at 9 30am to catch me on this week s episode of  tothecontrary  we discussed the exposure of r  kell…
too many have been affected by this epidemic and the time for action is long overdue  we must pass legislation to s…
in the pacific northwest we know the next big earthquake or tsunami is not a matter of if  but when  today s fundin…
join me at 3 15pm cdt in houston in the lobby of the mickey leland federal building as i announce my intention to l…
my district office is closed today because of power outages – if you need anything  please call my washington  d c …
rt  govtrack  h r  1486 by  benniegthompson passed the house yesterday  →senate   securing american non-profit organizations against terror…
nearly 100 million acres of farmland  enough to support ~250k family farms  is set to change hands over the next fi…
on holocaust remembrance day  we remember the 6 million jews and millions of others who were murdered for who they w…
it s national prescription drug take back day  safely dispose of unused medication to prevent drug addiction and ove…
to create good-paying jobs  growth  and innovation in north jersey  we need to work together to rapidly transform o…
with american lives & those of our allies jeopardized  the long silence from congressional republicans is no longer acceptable   2/2 
on international womens day i joined the  norwayus ambassador to discuss how policymakers can break down barriers fo…
rt  rachaelmbade  this is why women on capitol hill are afraid to speaking out  meet lauren greene  who did so -- naming blake farenthold -…
loebsack introduces legislation to hold congress accountable during healthcare debate
rt  whiphoyer  the bill passed by  housegop last night is further proof of their inability to govern  it s time for them to work with democ…
rt  repcicilline  democrats have a real plan to give people a better deal through investing in our workers & reprioritizing groundbreaking r…
excited to welcome my constituent and special guest for the state of the union address – dr  bennet omalu  a nigeri…
rt  repjohnyarmuth  just like trumpcare & the g o p tax scam before it  the trump budget will force america s working families to pay the pric…
today i ll be hosting an in-person town hall from 5 30 – 6 30 p m  at the beloit public library  i look forward to…
rt  nothingbutnets  thank you  repgregorymeeks and  repchrissmith for your strong leadership to endmalaria  today on world malaria day and…
first mother s day without mom  rest in peace mom  miss you but you are with us always  enjoy every moment of your…
joined  unitedservct today to see their new  14m behavioral health center under construction in willimantic  i sup…
passing the forever g i bill is one of my proudest accomplishments in congress & never would have been possible w/out…
today  i was proud to introduce a resolution to support science diplomacy in the u s  and around the world 
today   mike_pence reportedly visits our border with mexico  when we said a medieval wall doesn t belong in the 21…
are we positive the trump administration didn t come up with national hug a news person day to troll reporters 
rt  ac360    johnberman  even if sen  john mccain wasn t an american patriot and a war hero he is a human being  with a family  why can t t…
hate crimes can never be tolerated in this country  met with  nj08  residents and other new jersey members of the…
fact  the trump budget cuts funding that helps hardworking americans and their families afford health insurance 
rt  housejuddems  🚨 breaking    repjerrynadler statement on  thejusticedept inspector general report on former  fbi deputy director andrew m…
tulsi has supported legislation like the college for all act  which would eliminate tuition and fees at four-year p…
rt  reprichardneal  you can t upend the tax system without creating serious problems – & we re already seeing the g o p tax scam creating many…
rt  officialcbc  democratic leader  nancypelosi commended cbc chairman  reprichmond for introducing the bill and committed to making it a d…
outrageous that trump is calling for a government shutdown unless he gets his ill-fated  unnecessary & expensive bo…
withdrawing frm the iran deal only sends the message that the us can t keep its commitments when administrations ch…
rt  jamiebearse   repvisclosky thank you for your time  energy  and commitment to help end prostate cancer  zerocancer z e r o summit2017 pr…
moocher state republicans want to derail the gateway project  which is critical for our state  region & country …
did putin order trump to fire tillerson  puppet president
this evening s strike against syria appears to be narrow  so far  but in 2013  mr  trump said that  the president m…
thank you to the first responders who are helping my friends and colleagues to safety 
once again trump is siding with corporate special interests  net neutrality protects consumers  i ll be fighting in…
a step in the right direction by  uber - sexual assault survivors deserve justice  not to be forced into a secretiv…
my statement on agriculture committee chairman s call for a loyalty pledge on house farm bill
residents living in the gateway cities deserve a 1-seat ride to union station-- no transfers no excuses  tell metro …
the c b c tech2020 task force is in silicon valley this week to keep beating the drum on techquity & inclusion  here…
the paycheck fairness act provides strong tools to enforce equal pay for women   housegop should stand up for amer…
rt  jessicagkwong  democrats  smell wrongdoing   push for answers on white house jared kushner loans probe  congressmanraja  repcummings ht…
rt  ricksmithshow  we re competing with 1 2 billion people in china  we can t afford to write off developing talent in any parts of our cou…
macron says we have to deal with climate change because  there is no planet b   the earth is all we have  listening donald 
watch live   housegop is trying to steamroll partisan 2018 farm bill at house agriculture committee because they kn…
quiero agradecer a mi pueblo por haberme dado la oportunidad de servirle como su voz en washington 
we should be focusing our efforts on ensuring iran s compliance with the agreement  rather than unilaterally abando…
as ranking member of the seapower subcommittee  it was great to meet with the members of the metal trades council…
and the ky gop is not stopping with pensions  an attack on teacher tenure was tucked into the pending senate budget…
flashback friday
kicked off our final day of the madein i l10 manufacturing tour at medline industries  inc  in waukegan  they produc…
no speech can change how  potus continually chooses putin over the american people  any possible pleas for bi-parti…
time for all members of congress—democrats & republicans alike—to stand up  protecting the political power of an…
and for more than two months – risking everything – and facing racial discrimination and disrespect from all sides…
it was great to meet with members of both the nassau and suffolk fire chiefs councils today  these men and women re…
thank you to everyone who joined me in mc minnville for my townhall meeting  i appreciated hearing from you about…
rt  capac  24 years ago today   capac  was founded to ensure that a a p is have a voice in our federal government  today  we have over 60 capa…
we at the ca department of justice stand by  asmpatodonnell   davidchiu and  ab699  in protecting the rights of undo…
excited to announce  2 million in  epa brownfields grants for southern & midcoast maine  the brownfields program is…
i authored several key provisions to continue our work to combat sexual assault in the military  support ma s milit…
rt  philatec  it s national small business week and today we added to the conversation around access to capital & advocacy for smallbiz owne…
due to a federal court order  uscis is accepting renewal applications for the deferred action for childhood arrival…
i am honored to have the privilege to continue serving as ventura county s congresswoman  thank you to all supporters & voters in  ca26  
thanks for having me 
i was thrilled to join  commoncause today to speak about my fight for independent redistricting commissions  first…
today on  wnycmidday  i join  alisonstewart on  wnycmidday to discuss my novel   big guns  
so great to see  nailantein featured in  time s 100 most influential people for her incredible work to end f g m …
it s always a pleasure to welcome visitors to capitol hill  had a great talk with my friends from  liurbanleague…
rt  jfacciponti   nydiavelazquez  repjeffries  repespaillat  thenyhc  cssnyorg  legalaidnyc  nychousing and tenant and housing advocates fi…
rt  nwlc  moms across the country  from all backgrounds and all walks of life  struggle to find safe places for their children while they w…
i m asking congressional appropriators to maintain funding for critical  argonne energystorage research and  nasa…
it s senior corps week  where we recognize the efforts of seniors who are contributing to communities by fostering…
i ve heard from too many rape survivors waiting for justice while their rape kits sit untested  it s unacceptable…
protecting our d r e a mers is the responsible  just  & morally-right thing to do  & i will continue to work both for…
rt  housenewdems  cybersecurity task force co-chairs  repderekkilmer  repkathleenrice &  repjoshg on safeguarding our economy & future
spoke to  leagueofcities   pewtrusts  and  ascetweets on need to modernize our infrastructure & create jobs this mo…
hundreds of thousands in stockton  dc and across the nation joined together to say in one voice that enough is enou…
today  we celebrate earth day  but protecting and preserving the environment should be something we do every day  s…
the pentagon announced a new medal for troops in iraq & syria  but not for other troops in the mid east theater 
i asked transportation secretary elaine chao about the trump administration s commitment to the gateway project and…
thank you  camdencc for this award  i am proud to have attended an affordable community college that prepared me fo…
millions of middle-class families will see a tax increase under the current tax proposal  retweet if you oppose rai…
it is past time for the president to present a clear strategy for our role going forward  and for congress to debat…
 1  requiring a report on the number of deportedveterans and their families  2  requiring a report assessing the…
it s official  i m partnering with  tumblr and  snd to celebrate the first-ever international chart day on april 26…
broward and palm beach counties qualify for individual assistance for irma recovery  please see the attached flyer…
good  we needed this months ago 
far too many student veterans are unable to find affordable housing  which is why i m proud to introduce legislati…
rt  aarpohio  congress released a bill that would cut snap  the nation s largest nutrition assistance program  contact your members of cong…
proud to receive a 100% rating from  lcvoters — i ll always work to protect the water we drink  the air we breathe …
yes  i am a two-spacer  anyone else 
today s passage of h  res  128 is a significant step towards holding the ethiopian government accountable for their…
it s national park week a time to celebrate our natural treasures  get outdoors  and recommit ourselves to preservin…
last year  trump launched his  voter fraud  commission to investigate the 2016 election despite zero evidence of  m…
 housejuddems  repjerrynadler great work jerry  when the history is written  it won t be kind to our friends on the other side of the aisle 
the  waysmeanscmte had a productive bipartisan meeting today with  ustraderep  i stressed to ambassador lighthizer…
most egregiously he s violated/exploited public s trust for own benefit  i opposed pruitt s nomination & confirmati…
i am very pleased that the rio grande valley food bank received a donation of over 30 000 pounds of protein from   
will continue to advocate for emilio gutiérrez & his son oscar  no journalist should be sent back to a place where…
i had a great dialogue this evening with greg huger  the assistant to the administrator for afghanistan-pakistan af…
as your representative in d c  it is critically important that i hear directly from you about the issues important…
today  i joined  edworkforcedems to call for hearings on school shootings  praying is not enough …
do they no longer want to make silencers easier to get  or just want to wait until people forget about las vegas 
despite the winter weather in washington  d c  and the federal government closures  my rayburn office is open  we l…
i want to congratulate all the innovators that helped the project reach this important milestone  and thank them fo…
happy 150th anniversary to  _hamptonu 
i m proud to be named the most bipartisan freshman democrat  as co-chair of the problem solvers caucus  i believe…
40 years ago the very first star wars film captured our imaginations and inspired a generation of americans to purs…
good to see growing consensus that sen  franken  rep  kihuen & rep  farenthold must face consequences  we all know…
bigger corporations are making you poorer  a wave of new research shows how as corporations get bigger  the share o…
we are live to demonstrate the new enhanced 911 feature   text to 911   net d e watch 
asking about immigration status is a transparent attempt to discourage immigrants from responding  and reduce repre…
great conversation today with va secretary shulkin about how we can best support veteran caregivers and ensure thos…
rt  foodbankwma   the bottom line is that the  snap  program is one of the most effective and efficiently run programs in the federal govern…
sally yates was fired for keeping her oath to support & defend the constitution  we must all have courage to stand for our values
today  organizations in our communities are arranging a day of service  please take time  if you can  to participat…
rt  hispaniccaucus  ¡atenciÓn dreamers  actualmente aún puedes solicitar la renovación de tu permiso  daca   si cumples con los requisitos p…
thank you to  jack for meeting with c b c tech2020 this week to discuss  square s commitment to building a more inclu…
rt  repanthonybrown  when i served in iraq  i served side-by-side with patriotic americans  some of us had documentation  some of us did no…
as a former small biz owner  i know how important local companies are to growing our economy  thank you  nfib for y…
there is no legal basis in which the white house can instruct witnesses like steve bannon to refuse broad categorie…
our visit was a part of the  bpc_bipartisan s american congressional exchange  we enjoyed the food and learning fro…
congratulations to shelby barber on receiving the 2018 military child of the year award for innovation from…
texas a&m transportation institute   tti  report found 17%   28b  of the delay cost was the effect of congestion on truck operations  2/
i will also miss representing springfield and the rest of montgomery county 
rt  ayah_roda  thank you  reprichardneal for a wonderful meeting yesterday  and for your support of the bold act  and making alzheimer s a…
happy mothers day to my angel  mildred parish massey  she sacrificed so much so that my sisters and i would live a…
retaliating against your staff for raising ethics concerns is indefensible  what more must  epapruitt do to prove t…
rt  nbcblk   no student should have to literally dodge bullets to survive  but i was that student  
rt  officialscusd  we are proud of the over 200 kennedy hs students and supporters who came out this afternoon to make their voices heard a…
rt  repcarbajal  being american is about more than a piece of paper  what matters are your hopes  dreams  and a belief in a better tomorrow…
read — lilly ledbetter s important story  equal pay day is about valuing women in the workplace in all facets  not j…
we should properly recognize our military  and troops providing direct support to the mission  including those in kuwait team rep takai
however  for women of color  the gap is far wider  black women have to work 250 extra days to catch up  native wome…
happy international womens day to the fearless women across the globe who challenge perceptions  push boundaries & b…
my greatest honor is serving students like these in congress  so proud to meet w/ them today to discuss…
good news today for consumers  an appeals court ruled the structure of the consumer financial protection bureau is…
they marched in the streets  with signs bearing simple but powerful words   i am a man    iam2018  7/
the stakes are too high for congress to allow our decennial 2020 census to be sabotaged  everyone counts
i ll be live with  jaketapper in 20 minutes to discuss the nunes memo on  cnnsotu  
rt  mepfuller  the first gun bill the house passed after las vegas was a bill making states recognize concealed carry permits in other stat…
90 years young today  happy birthday  gramma 
rt  nature_oregon  thank you to  repschrader for joining us   orlandtrusts &  oroutdoors in celebrating  lwcf   keen last night  we applaud…
proud to stand alongside  nancypelosi  marcmorial and  officialcbc for jobs and justice
this saturday i will be joining my friend and former colleague  steveisraelny in pasadena for a special discussion…
major nor easter headed toward long island tonight  expecting heavy rain  high winds  severe flooding  and a wintry…
 realdonaldtrump nobody has forgotten  daca  and d r e a mers  your  nra  buds and their cronies won t move a…
mick mulvaney is  once again  revealing this administration s unethical foundations  this fits a pattern we ve seen…
congratulations to the newest  24hourfitness club in the heart of district one   nv01  💪🏽 crgvaldez
on this national police week and national peace officers memorial day  i m reflecting on the dedication and bravery of…
rt  495mwptnership  full house for  nikiinthehouse at our annual conference this morning   495mw  mapoli
today  along w  congjoewilson   chriscoons &  lindseygrahamsc  i introduced bipartisan legislation to drive private…
rt  bryancaforio  honored to receive the support of congresswoman  juliabrownley26   ca25  momentum
you can apply for renewal even if your last application was rejected specifically due to not meeting the october 5 …
i ve written to  neaarts and asked them to let allan monga compete at  poetryoutloud next week  he won maine s spo…
in just a few minutes  i ll be live on  morning_joe with  hurdonthehill to talk more about the u s aact  our biparti…
if   realdonaldtrump thinks that all immigrants are enemy combatants  then he    nancypelosi  and   senschumer just…
we must protect necessary waste prevention regulations to keep dangerous emissions from polluting our air  that is…
we must use the vast resources at our disposal to advance comprehensive immigration reform  not coercive funding c…
rt  senbooker    corybooker meeting with  sendougjones &  repterrisewell to talk about how to bring real change on environmental justices i…
honored to receive the legislative leader award from the  humanesociety and  hslegfund for my work on animal protec…
rt  energycommerce  watch  usrepkcastor   repsarbanes and  repjoekennedy push for gun violence prevention research at a hearing today with…
yesterday  i spoke in recognition of autism awareness month  i m the proud uncle of a young man with autism & ri is…
repealing net neutrality is another attempt to sabotage democracy  we can t let corporations prioritize some websit…
today  i spoke at  georgetownlaw on the importance of congressional oversight of the  doj  and  fbi   you can watch m…
delighted to meet with ayomide and stephanie of  npca to discuss the pressing infrastructure and maintenance needs…
 geoff4101 please dm me the best telephone number for my office to contact you 
rt  oversightdems  breaking   oversightdems ask gowdy to subpoena documents withheld by trump administration on russian attacks on 21 state…
urging everyone to join me this autism awareness month as we push for continued acceptance of the millions of people…
attention students  i am holding a public forum to discuss student loan debt and my plan to provide relief on tuesd…
happy birthday  reptimwalz  thank you for your service and your commitment to our country s veterans 
thank you to law enforcement & 1st responders preventing further disaster following terrorist attack in ny
proud to be a part of today s  unlock the block  announcement  this new initiative will help small businesses loo…
carina richardson uses her voice to advocate for her peers international womens day womens history month…
glad to work with you on this important legislation for the middle class   repanthonybrown
g o p tax scam puts families  health at risk by eliminating the medical expense deduction  millions use it to help pay…
live  president trump may have abandoned our fellow americans in puerto rico  but  nyc  will not leave our brothers…
public schools make sure our kids receive at least one nutritious meal a day  these meals help our kids learn …
it s equal pay day on april 10  in nevada  women make 81 cents for every  1 paid to male counterparts  for women of…
thank you  sgottliebfda for joining us for at  hackensackumc for a roundtable with new jersey healthcare leaders to…
today my staffer  francis atwell  attended leadership day at dr  henry cuellar elementary school  at the event  the…
rt  repjohnlarson  we won t tolerate silence   speakerryan  we have a responsibility to keep guns out of the wrong hands  disarm hate
right now  i m offering an amendment to simplify the fafsa and make college more accesible to americans from all backgrounds  aim higher
happy 150th anniversary to the  kcmofiredept   kcmomanager troy schulte announced new director and fire chief today…
les deseo un feliz cinco de mayo departe de su congresista al green del noveno districto congresional de texas 
this report is a farce  the question of how and to what extent russian actors interfered in our election is a serio…
 cte  isn t a backup plan - it leads to high-paying  high-skill  and high-demand jobs  it s time to change the publi…
speaking w/ my colleagues about the importance of the recently signed kennedy-king establishment act and what i am…
sad news  i always liked her sense of humor and her outspokenness  both of which she readily displayed in interview…
rt  repdwightevans  did you know  snap gives recipients only  1 40 a meal  that s it—nothing else  house & senate republicans want to snatch…
the attacks on women & families just don t stop  this administration is trying to permanently damage title x  hurti…
community health centers are integral to improving the health & well-being of the people of our san joaquin valley…
unbelievable  g o p tax scam
join me on monday  may 15th at 5 30pm for a meet and greet at the georgia international convention center 
b/c of  dea  inaction marijuana still on same level as deadly drugs like heroin&higher class than meth crack&cocain…
honoring 14 people killed  22 injured & all impacted by mass shooting at san bernardino  ca  inland regional center 1yr ago  end gun violence
since 2006  we have fought for progressive values  join the over 100 000 people who have donated to our campaign o…
downey residents have waited a long time for a rail line to be built to their community and they want it built righ…
the g o p tax scam isn t helping hardworking families in south florida afford the rising costs of prescription drugs …
republicans need to take a good  long look at themselves  i can t begin to imagine the staggering gall they must ha…
fattah moment in congress on oct 21 2014 / 20th anniversary of pittsburgh s center for neural basis of cognition –
last night s targeted strike on syria s chemical warfare infrastructure by the u s   britain  and france was meant…
i ve always stood on the side of neuroscience research & advancement  science
rt  repadamschiff  president trump is looking for someone to blame for ronny jackson s failed va nomination  but the truth is that the pres…
in case you missed last week s red river basin water retention meeting  and
thank you  officialcbc for introducing the jobs and justice act  which will help end econ disparities & expand acces…
rt  miduswell   repcohen lock them all up
just passed kissimmee river protection bill in congress today  sayfie  orlandosentinel  theledger  osceolanews…
rt  anthonyfoxx  my favorite street in washington dc 
black women must work till august 7 for salaries to finally catch up to what white men made in 2017  equal pay day
 hovgov ben carson s effort to  reform  housing safety net would deepen poverty by hurting poorest americans…
proud to join my colleagues in calling on the epa to extend the comment period for the proposed  selective science …
rt  politico   do you have any remorse for the excessive spending   rep  anna eshoo asks pruitt
our founders included the census in the constitution so we could have an accurate understanding of our population …
impressive students from mcminnville - and from all over oregon and the country - are speaking…
extreme special interests are working to discredit educators and their fight for a fair wage and better learning co…
it s national park week  we have a lot to celebrate in colorado as the home to four national parks  black canyon of…
it is truly an honor to serve in the house with congressman lewis  we can never forget what heroes like rep  lewis…
yesterday  i met with consuls from 7 of the 15 african nations with a base right here in los angeles  we discussed…
rt  recode    repannaeshoo  was your data included in the data by cambridge analytica accessed  your personal data  zuckerberg  yes eshoo…
as we mourn the transgender people lost to violence on transgender day of remembrance  i affirm my commitment to wo…
this is a statistically accurate map of my state  stevekornacki
editorial boards have a message for the gop-led congress  it s time to allow for the house to work it s will & take…
i m hosting a town hall this saturday for students on how we can end gun violence  tweet at me all week with questio…
after i called on  usps to replace all collection boxes in queens with anti-theft collection boxes  i am pleased to…
grateful to the  portofseattle for taking this important step to become a more welcoming hub for travelers where al…
to pay for their billionaires first g o p tax scam  the gop now wants to gut children s health insurance by  7 billion…
discussed important legislative solutions for workers in the tugboat  towboat  and barge industry with  awoadvocacy
as always  thanks to the folks with the  cityofpella for bringing dutch letters from  jaarsmabakery  a great aftern…
rt  boldglobalmedia  tomorrow on bold t v  we re asking  who do you admire from across the political aisle  we hear from congress members an…
we need genuine solutions to lower costs and address the health care problems people are facing  not more washingto…
rt  officialcbc  watch our press conference on the jobs and justice omnibus legislation we re introducing 
rt  rutgers_camden  this monday  3/5  join us in the campus center at 11 30am as  donaldnorcross hosts a conversation with  firstladynj abo…
rt  keepflfishing    repdarrensoto   the historic kissimmee river is not only the heart of central florida s water drainage route  it also…
no trip to brighton would be complete without a chance to throw out the first pitch at hardiman park for the allsto…
this bill will assist states and localities in upgrading their 9-1-1 infrastructure to receive text messages  photo…
live at 3 45pm  i ll be talking with  rubendiazjr   bertpizarro   united4pr  and hurricane maria survivors in the…
congratulations to new england pride tv 2018 person of the year michael lanava  tonight i m proud to join…
programs like double up food bucks help lift michigan families out of poverty  my new bill is working to expand the…
rt  bradybuzz  people who are prohibited from purchasing guns are also prohibited from purchasing ammunition  but  unlike firearms  the sal…
rt  nrdems  fact  nearly 1/2 latinos in the u s  live in counties with the worst air pollution   repraulgrijalva and  repbarragan are talki…
rt  fl_wildcorridor  tomorrow begins our journey - starting in the everglades headwaters and ending in the green swamp  follow along as we…
so inspired by the als advocates who came by my office today to share their stories of hope and discuss the need fo…
rt  theview  tomorrow on  theview  we re kicking the weekend off with congressman  repjoekennedy who s sharing his political view  plus   g…
today i addressed members of the  txbiz during their national affairs conference about issues salient to the texas…
lack of dv records in nics is a major problem across the us   repryancostello & i intro d a bill about this last wk…
congratulations to the 2016 n c a a champs  uw_wgolf  go dawgs
rt  inlandempireus  planes of fame air show  may 5th & 6th  2018  chino  planesoffame
the house ethics committee should conduct a prompt  deliberate and thorough investigation   3/3 
entrepreneurs and small business owners from the 8th district came to d c  today and discussed challenges and oppor…
national parks & public lands help define who we are as a nation  that s why i introduced a bill to establish two n…
the sanctity of our elections is not a partisan issue  congress needs to act swiftly to pass laws that protect the…
i am deeply disturbed that president trump made the careless decision to share classified information with russian officials 
90 5th graders at  davintermediate in lynbrook sent us letters in response to the parkland shooting  heart-wrenchi…
today at 5 30pm pt  the  losangelesva will be holding a public hearing on the va greater los angeles healthcare sys…
got the chance to talk with dustin newman from  roc  before we attend the  sotu   he was recently laid off in a compa…
this morning at  casitamariabx with  nygovcuomo pr governor  ricardorossello  senatorserrano  rubendiazjr…
i voted no on the  fisa  bill & yes on our u s a r i g h t s act amendment  warrants may sometimes be inconvenient—but they…
president trump represents our entire country but his disgusting  insensitive and racist words certainly don t spea…
my op-ed w/  repderekkilmer &  repjoshg on the need for a comprehensive national cybersecurity strategy
rt  meghanstabler    repmikehonda calls for transgender people in elected office   we need trans people in power   victoryfund  victoryinst…
rt  amfisheriessoc   rawa  update  40  lawmakers have signed on as cosponsors  with more to come  thanks to  repcharliecrist  reptimwalz  re…
ridiculous  realdonaldtrump claims to care about the financial security of  usps  if potus wanted to fix this issu…
rt  karenbasstweets  congratulations to  cbrangel on winning the  cbcfalc16  phoenix award  you will be missed in the 115th congress 
washington got us started  lincoln saved the union  fdr fought the nazis  obama rescued the economy  🤡 is putin s p…
always a great time at the jimmy flaherty kick-off breakfast  congratulations to this year s unsung heroes for rece…
congratulations   senduckworth  wishing the best to you  bryan  abigail & little maile pearl  i m sure she will gro…
rt  repmarktakano  louise slaughter was unlike any person i ve ever met  her unique combination of fearless strength  a sharp sense of humo…
 megabyte407  civilairpatrol hi megan  you can also call my office at  888  205-5421 to learn more about the application process 
now the house gop is pretending to care about a balanced budget again  demanding passage of a constitutional amendm…
rt  abc  house judiciary democrats hold presser to deliver  united message  to pres  trump   do not meddle with the special counsel investi…
rt  pontifex  happy easter  may you bring to all the joy and hope of the risen christ 
 how wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world   - anne frank may…
86 million middle classes will see their taxes go up  and the wealthiest 1% in our country will get 83% of the tax…
the ongoing flu epidemic is hitting close to home  with an estimated 9 lives already lost in  roc   take a moment t…
  housegop is moving a bill that would slash student aid by more than  14 6 billion dollars over the next 10 years…
this week we honor the heroes of health care for national nurses week  we celebrate all nurses who show us outstandi…
⚡️⚡️⚡️ i see it too  tblightning  nhl ⚡️⚡️⚡️ go bolts
time to get out the vote in  ca26   join us 9 am tomorrow morning at oxnard cdp office to knock on doors  call voters
rt  repjudychu  you could not find a sharper mind than louise slaughter  she was a truly great leader and i was honored to serve alongside…
the iran deal was an historic triumph of diplomacy  the united states  france  china  russia  germany  and the unit…
now underway in western new york  a student-led town hall on gun violence and school safety   wearesfa
we can t afford to sit back as science takes a backseat to partisan politics  i m proud to support the scientific…
arizona s kids shouldn t have to worry about being targets of financial fraud and identity theft  we passed a bill…
we have to stop our jobs from being shipped overseas through bad trade deals & we have to invest in american worker…
i introduced the federal medicaid public option act last year because i believe expanding the availability of low-c…
if you own or are looking to start a small business  please feel free to contact my bothell office or  sbagov  the…
create a tax code that makes it easier for middle class americans to start a business or work for themselves from h…
this smart sensor network could help  usnavy vessels track targets of interest in a more adaptive way with added ef…
offshore oil drilling poses grave environmental risks and exploration can do terrible damage to endangered whales a…
tune in now to catch me live on  msnbc with  nicolledwallace
rt  votevets    realdonaldtrump  for nearly 250 years  americans have heeded the call of service to their nation  do the job you volunteere…
rt  healthylakes  thanks  repvisclosky for signing on to support great lakes provisions in  wrda  reconciliation  very important 
this law is a powerful symbol of a grateful nation  and it is important to ensure our  sgu  veterans and their fami…
thank you   delawareng  the state of emergency for all three counties authorizes the de national guard to mobiliz…
today  i m remembering amos brown on the two year anniversary of his passing  amos was a friend  mentor & advocate…
let s  be  clear  the nra is not welcome in brooklyn  keep it moving
rt  alexnazaryan  at this hearing  scott pruitt pointedly refuses to take personal responsibility for any of his alleged lapses  says caree…
  repyvetteclarke  we mark this anniversary with sadness and also with a little gladness that some of the…
congratulations to  universityofri  chswprincipal &  skillsusari alumna maria briones on being named recipient of t…
i join with my friends in the jewish community in observance of yom hashoah  today  we memorialize the millions of…
library of congress puts rosa parks archive online
today students across the country and in  ca33  are taking a stand to end gun violence  we stand with you in saying…
rt  mkraju  in a matter of 48 hours  we ve learned the president of the united states deceived the american public about his health in the…
alexa  how many tax dollars has  realdonaldtrump cost us with his cabinet s use of private planes and purchases of…
got a firsthand look at ward leonard s new machining cell today in thomaston  investments in technology keep place…
on  iwd2018   let s keep empowering all the women and girls who inspire us every day with their smarts  strength  an…
congrats to the winners of the 2017 uss vinson and uss enterprise leadership awards    these outstanding sailors w…
our san joaquin valley is home to some truly remarkable land and breathtaking sights  here is a unique view of our…
estas son las acciones que podemos tomar ya para ayudar a puerto rico  ✓proveer fondos de emergencia adicionales p…
rt  kelsey_snell    repjimmcdermott agrees w/  richardrubindc suggests recycling tax extender floor speeches for one year from today when w…
continuing to monitor reports of 250  earthquakes near kilauea  hawaii county civil defense advises nanawale esta…
sent my staff to blooming prairie to catch up with mayor harold peterson on our so minn way of life tour  mayor peter…
i had the pleasure of speaking at the  facebook community boost kick-off event to an incredible group of  nm  entrep…
the us & france have enshrined the values of freedom & respect for human rights for over 200 years  in his address…
i shared the story of leo from salem  a dreamer and youth leader in our community  today on the house floor …
hoping for a speedy rescue for this pilot and holding the nellis afb family in my prayers 
whether true or not is almost besides the point  blind trusts are a must for someone serving as president  if…
proud to work with  repmarktakano on the national3 d printing day resolution and highlight the opportunities and inno…
thank you oxnard for hosting a great parade   juliabrownley 4 congress was proud to participate   ca26  julia brownley
i m not buying epa s line on pay raises  this behavior is deeply demoralizing for our rank-and-file federal employe…
i held a roundtable discussion w/students  school officials & local law enforcement about gun violence & school saf…
rt  andrewkinva  nice  complimentary remarks by  repmiketurner for rep   nikiinthehouse  who is retiring  at  ndaa  mark-up  rep  turner ch…
proud to celebrate world science week & earth science week this october  space science & tech help us understand our world 🌎
international workers day celebrates workplace rights like the 8 hr workday  paid vacation  & sick leave  it also re…
rt  repwilson  four years later  the flint water crisis is not over  flint families and children still need our support  rt to say dont for…
my bill amends the small business act to provide a variety of services that include grants  financial assistance  l…
today the  librarycongress turns 218  they have collected a huge collection of american history like this 1908 phot…
rt  nprscottsimon  i was about to make a dr  jackson joke  but stopped  you don t have to want him to head va to believe he has the right o…
the gwinnett county public library in snellville is holding an sat/act learning express tutorial monday 4/23/2018-w…
my louisville and dc offices are open and our phone lines are up and running  casework involving other government a…
rt  yinainva  about to get started at rep   gerryconnolly s student town hall  enough is enough it s time to do the work to prevent gun vio…
highlighting the importance of financial literacy at  natljumpstart /  jumpstart_dc day on the hill  a fin lit future
it s clear  realdonaldtrump s travel ban is unconstitutional  fuels xenophobia  and does not make us more secure  h…
replacing vital snap funding that over 75 000 vermonters rely on with a food box delivery system is absurd  incredi…
i m so proud of all the students who organized the march for our lives in ventura & across the nation  our future i…
well  at least one can still go broke  trump shutdown monday motivation
i posted a new photo to facebook
rt  kelliemeyernews  the south dakota senator is the chairman of the senate commerce science and transportation committee  both this commit…
the oversight and investigations subcommittee today examined  deahq s failure to keep manufacturers from shipping m…
rt  repjohnlarson  this week we recognize peace corps week  president kennedy had the foresight to establish a program that went beyond nati…
 with just three weeks left before the deadline to pass a permanent legislative solution to protect d r e a mers  i imp…
rt  repadamschiff  pulling out of iran deal with no plan b makes conflict with iran more likely and means that america can t be counted on…
rt  cspan    senatortomudall   did you pay them for it   epa administrator scott pruitt   no  i did not   sen  udall   then that s a gift…
average jobs growth is far below 193k jobs created monthly under  barackobama in 2016 
cuts to  snap  hurt the most vulnerable members of society  our children  taking food away from children and familie…
read my full statement on tonight s airstrikes in syria
rt  justiceforyouth    repcardenas  thank you for getting h r  1925  the at-risk youth medicaid protection act passed through subcommittee…
it s still open enrollment in ny  we ll be in roosevelt tomorrow to help  ny04  residents find affordable health car…
in flint  mi with  repdankildee  bright young business owners shared their innovative ideas on how to create jobs …
the trump administration has yet again terminated temporary protected status for individuals fleeing violence and n…
our bipartisan legislation will evaluate the actual needs of schools serving federal dependents nationwide in order…
rt  wamcnews  on midday magazine  adunnewamc reports on the latest telephone town hall hosted by  repseanmaloney
rt  jbendery  a reminder what blake farenthold spent your  84k in taxpayer money on  settling a lawsuit against him involving him allegedly…
today   govwalker said  i welcome  potus  aggressive actions to secure our nation s southern border   here are my…
 realdonaldtrump eo threatens americans with pre-existing conditions through changes in health insurance regs 
this decision is cruel and unconstitutional  and contradicts what trump believes this will do  make our country saf…
my grandparents immigrated from ireland  they came from a rural land & had thick accents  they worked hard & drea…
it forces salvadoran  tps  holders to reconcile the danger that will face their families and loved ones upon return…
wishing my friend  anthony brown a full and speedy recovery  glad to hear he is feeling better 
i hope that congress will realize the value of improving the health care system through an open and fulsome debate 
rt  repdanryan  enjoying a conversation on environmental justice with congressman capuano and members of chelsea greenroots 
yes we will  thanks for your commitment  idealism and interest in public service 
at the  americanlegion post 569 talking to army veteran captain george gomez and air force vet sergeant eddie sot…
i am deeply honored and very grateful for this recognition 
president trump s attendance and his hurtful policies are an insult to the people portrayed in this civil rights mu…
 my button is bigger than your button  isn t presidential  america needs a president who understands the global con…
the republican tax plan is a turkey  and it should die before thanksgiving 
freedoms of speech  religion & expression are cornerstones of our democracy  all are threatened by speaker ryan fir…
it s been 2 weeks since  potus  defied congress by not placing new sanctions on russia  this is required by a law th…
delaney cosponsors legislation to create medicaid-based public option state public option
rt  onlyorganic  at 3pm est today we are hosting a twitter party with  repanniekuster  senbobcasey  stonyfield  seasnax  amyskitchen homeg…
another tragedy with this weekend s shooting in tn  yet   marcorubio &  reptomgarrett still want to eliminate dc s…
army is on the move  21-17  army navy  defense 
rt  stevekornacki  bored on this flight  i shuffled songs and got ray charles  georgia on my mind and have hit repeat 6 times and it keeps…
read my op-ed about the great privilege of serving in congress in the  sbindpndnt 
   ajitpaifcc s net neutrality rollback is not just a giveaway to big corporations - it is a threat to the internet as we know it 
rt  officialcbc  cbc chairman  reprichmond    realdonaldtrump s  shithole  comments are further proof that his make america great again age…
pleased to recently meet with members of the tajikistan parliament and the serbian parliament through the…
 breaking   california led a bipartisan coalition of 11 ags in opposing the  natlparkservice s proposal to dramatica…
pleasure meeting with the  hcc_nevada to discuss economic development issues in southern nevada   eicasino…
it s always a pleasure to join  alanchartock on  wamcnews  congressional corner  listen here as we discuss jobs  in…
see this morning s  newsday article about my aerospace and defense industry supply chain conference  high tech isla…
team m l g celebrated earth week with lobos and chatted with local farmers and producers at  lobogreen s…
 hbd  to supreme court justice ruth bader ginsburg  aka notorious r b g  a defender of progressive values and a pioneer…
rt  usairforce   if you can t treat someone with dignity and respect--then you need to get out  -lt  gen  jay b  silveria  superintendent  …
mike pompeo has a long history of attacking lgbt & women s rights  demonizing muslims  & advocating for torture  he…
happy easter to everyone celebrating in san diego and imperial county  wishing everyone a wonderful day with their…
 openletterbot  catialada i completely share your views about the trump administration s cruel attacks on immigrant…
rt  amjoyshow    joyannreid-do you think republican party has racism problem  michael steele-yes  i do  i think we need to acknowledge it …
it s crystal clear that in their ill-advised effort to shutdown the only ssa office on milwaukee s southside…
as the nation watches the parkland town hall tonight  i hope lawmakers find the same courage that these survivors ha…
today marks the 150th anniversary of the creation of the  usnavy installation that would become  subase_nlon  on ap…
former hhs secretary tom price admitted just how much damage the  gop repeal of the individual mandate could do to…
proud to co-lead letter w/ repjudychu  hi delegation  senbrianschatz   maziehirono   tulsipress  & fellow members
al momento  el proyecto se encuentra ante la consideración del senado y se espera q baje a votación la semana próxima  previo al 1 de julio
if  realdonaldtrump wants to advocate for life  he should invest in  snap  to feed our babies  teen pregnancy preven…
we celebrated the contra costa regional health foundation s 15 years of supporting local health programs at an even…
happening now  for the second time  i am going to the floor to vote against the terrible gop tax scam 
americans work tirelessly day in and day out just to keep a roof over their heads  in  nyc   we have a growing crisi…
 otd  we lost a great leader who s work helped to forever move this country forward  may the great dream of martin l…
don t forget  to vote in the june 5th primary  your registration must be postmarked or submitted electronically no…
rt  parazopt  thank you to the senior legislative assistant for  repwilson  david simon  for taking time today to meet with  flfpta  aptatw…
rt  prkdmc   reprobbishop has full confidence in his non-voting delegates  leaving his committee during votes in the hands of  repjenniffer…
my town hall in albany is live on my facebook  watch it now —&gt 
happy mother s day to all the mothers and grandmothers out there who sacrifice and work so hard for their families…
rt  sr_simone  these cuts are not a pro-life stance   yet the gop wants to claim the pro-life mantle   so hypocritical 
trump is launching an all out war on new jersey  ❌ taxes ❌ healthcare ❌ environment ❌ now infrastructure the g…
president trump s lack of a calculated diplomatic or military strategy  as well as his disdain for refugees fleeing…
the g o p tax scam wasn t written for middle-class workers  in wisconsin  the top 5% of earners get 64% of the tax bre…
i am pleased  stevenmnuchin1 listened to my concerns and granted this extension quickly for online filers   
thanks to members of my langevin strengthening r i advisory committee for giving me an update  quonsetri on how to su…
rt  ournatureusa  in march  we pause to take time & recognize women in history  we applaud  repdebdingell for championing the recovering am…
 fcc net neutrality protects entrepreneurs  innovators and smallbiz all across upstate new york — they can t affor…
team dutch s dc interns celebrated st  patrick s day a little early with these adoptable puppies at the  aspca…
check out these 10 misguided actions by the trump administration  which show exactly why we must continue pushing b…
 sxsw2018  is around the corner  join  mikeallen   rickhasen and i for a voting rights discussion on saturday  march…
rt  cnnsitroom   perhaps they [kim jong un and president trump] both came to their senses and said maybe it s time for negotiations  if tha…
rt  susanthesquark  microsoft is ending their use i petitioned supreme court to consider the egregious example of uber s treatment of empl…
my annual  congress in your community  town hall meeting is underway in perry county  i m looking forward to updati…
happy national small business week  there are nearly 250 000 small businesses across nevada that employ more than 45…
leading obamacare insurer says things are  materially worse  under trump administration and we just learned about…
el éxito de la energía solar en nevada ha reforzado nuestra economía  esta administración amenaza este éxito con la…
rt  housebudgetdems  live now  our second  uscbo oversight hearing  focused on economic assumptions and cost estimating and scoring  watch…
unstable  self-proclaimed  genius in midst of complete meltdown  we need an intervention  like  yesterday
my heart just broke when i saw this  for a child to be so consumed by this fear that they think to write it in a va…
it was great to see so many sugarbeet growers down in renville today 
emergency preparedness policies at our hospitals & medical facilities were tried & tested during last year s hurric…
the president does not have the legal authority to start a war with syria 
thanks to safe coalition for bringing the community together to discuss ways to improve gun safety & keep our kids…
republican leadership pledged to let us vote on critical issues  including a fair budget  stabilizing health care …
today  i had the opportunity to join  nmpffa for fire ops101  wrangler miguel judge and the rest of the team had us…

thank you maria    mafelancherosa
my mom has been gone 9 years now  but her love continues to surround me  encourage me  lift me up during the tough…
thank you for all the kind words and good wishes on my announcement that i will not run again 
the republican tax bill is a disaster and since monday in a ways and means committee mark-up  i have been speaking…
rt  asbcouncil   invest up front in resilience planning to keep our businesses safe   asbc supports the prepare act  hr 4177    repcartwrig…
rt  rleehim  smiles are contiguous at the  bgca_clubs harlem re-opening  cbrangel  harlembgc uptown leaders
wisconsinites  open enrollment starts tomorrow  don t wait until the last minute  visit and get covered 
trump s zeal for administration firings denigrates public servants an off the wall out of c…
rt  rollcall  wasserman schultz marks 10 years since breast cancer diagnosis
     80 billion for national defense  including a 2 4 percent cost-of-living pay increase for our sons and daughters in uniform 
rt  waysmeanscmte  republicans  proposed cuts to medicaid would particularly hurt americans who live in rural areas 
the central coast s world class agricultural products are at the heart of our economy  happy national ag day to all…
rt  dorismatsui  fact  78 americans die from an opioid overdose every day  congress must propose new funding to address this accelerating e…
great to be w/  momsdemand today as  nygovcuomo signs into law a new bill that will take guns away from domestic ab…
so much of our era reminds me of a fairly obscure line from tennessee williams   all cruel people describe themselv…
great to attend bike helmet event in fresh meadows with  barrygrodenchik   nily and  nyc_dot  important for kids an…
thank you to the walpole recreation department for hosting such a great event  rain or shine  walpole residents kno…
 thespiderjude  sengillibrand  senschumer i oppose rep  king s amendments and their inclusion in the farm bill 
rt  carmenyulincruz   homelanddems  benniegthompson thanks  benniegthompson for ensuring puerto rico is treated fairly 
wishing spokes & spires the very best of luck in the national wheelchair basketball tournament and proud to welcome…
hey john kelly  where was room for compromise in slavery  enslavement  torture  rape  wh white supremacy runs deep 
i recently urged my colleagues to boost support for the navy s test and evaluation support program at the navy s ma…
devastating to hear that someone was killed in today s train accident  my thoughts and prayers are with the victim …
reflecting on those lost in the line of duty and grateful for our hardworking law enforcement officers who guard pu…
against the advice of the world and his own security experts  the president has committed a dangerous act of vandal…
excited to hear that the environmental team at the ohio national guard ravenna arsenal is the recipient of the 2018…
recently i sent letters to a group of outstanding young men and women from our community notifying them that they h…
i introduced a bill to amend  sdwa16  to help water utility systems prepare for climate change & security threats 
scott pruitt has been nothing but toxic as an epa administrator in the pocket of lobbyists  that is why i joined 63…
i m sick & tired of watching as republicans treat governing like a game  the trump shutdown will not help anyone in…
the memos do not discuss collusion  mr  president  but they do show you clearing the room and asking director comey…
today marks one year since the mud creek landslide in big sur  as another storm approaches  please use caution  rea…
special thanks to  repesty for joining me to remind ct taxpayers who didn t file their 2014 returns that the deadli…
our historically high debt was already on pace to reach 96 percent of our economy by 2028  a new  uscbo report proj…
thank you to america s veterans for your service to our nation and its people  we honor you today on veterans day a…
today we mourn corporal eugene cole who was killed in the line of duty  we honor his service to maine and its peopl…
i m very sorry father conroy was forced to resign as a house chaplain  he is a good man  no explanation and no cons…
rt  radiofreegeorgy  just had a cap volunteer ring my doorbell and ask if i d voted  talk about gotv-polls close in 30 mins  go mike  masen
congrats to our former uni-capitol washington intern from australia  montana byers  on her graduation  she was an a…
instead of focusing on promoting equality   gopoversight is holding anti- lgbt  hearing on anniversary of pulse shooting
republicans  immoral budget = reverse robin hood – robbing from hardworking americans to provide tax cuts for the rich 
delighted to join  nprinskeep  morningedition this morning to preview today s hearing on epa administrator scott pr…
hey  uscis  step outside and you ll see that america is a nation of immigrants  instead of wasting gov t resources…
today  repdonyoung   repperlmutter and i talked to the washington cannabusiness association about what the federal…
kelly sadler is a mean  small   sick   and disrespectful louse 
better late than never  my friend rep   janschakowsky made good on our  umichbball vs   ramblersmbb final four wage…
just in  tpc says gop taxscam gives 83% of tax breaks to top 1% by 2027  while ultimately raising taxes on over tw…
it was a pleasure to have ri council of community mental health organizations director rich leclerc in the office w…
the goal of the  epa should be to ensure the healthiest environment  limiting science & research is obviously a ste…
good to see the official unemployment rate below 4%  but some of the decrease was due to workers giving up their se…
lowey to  sgottliebfda  fda s delay in regulating e-cigarettes could very well open pandora s box  i worry fda will…
my plan to expand earned income tax credit would offset stagnant wages and ultimately increase employment rates 
live at 3pm  i am hosting author  jeremy_rifkin for a discussion on bringing puerto rico s energy grid into the 21s…
i joined fellow veterans  repthompson and  reprubengallego this morning to urge the president to stop issuing publi…
the hope and resilience of flint residents inspires me every day   theatlantic s video captures this spirit …
rep  don young and i might not always agree  but we have found ways to work together  sponsoring each other s bills…
rt  lindsemcpherson  me too  tbh
rt  washingtonpost   message to trump  california isn t in the deportation business   writes  agbecerra for  postopinions
rt  houseadm_dems  today  whiphoyer and  repraskin met with the  eacgov to discuss recent efforts made to improve election access and secu…
i am concerned by reports of nj transit s delay in installing railroad safety technology  positive train control te…
as the central coast faces ongoing drought conditions  it s critical that we develop water infrastructure that adap…
rt  abc7newsbayarea    repswalwell spoke to abc7 news about recent events  including pres  trump s upcoming meeting with north korea  russi…
rt  housesbcdems  in honor of national small business week  ranking member  nydiavelazquez traveled to  repdwightevans  district in philadel…
rt  keithellison  remember this history  not until 1964 with the passage of the 24th amendment were poll taxes banned  don t let that work…
⚠️ reminder  last day to file your taxes is next tuesday  april 17th  the  irsnews provides useful guides to help…
rt  housenewdems  there is nothing  small  about the impact of small biz on the american economy  they have created 40% of all new jobs ove…
photo of the day  go  soundersfc
wishing a happy mothers day to the incredible & hard-working moms across ventura county  being a mom has been most…
rt  newsdayopinion   it s our responsibility to help them — and we encourage young people on long island and throughout the nation to suppo…
time & time again  the trump administration has turned their back on women - this is no different as they look to c…
last night  i joined  setonhall professor matthew hale and his students to discuss my personal mentors  values  big…
here they are  wonderful  georgetown students from connecticut 
california women have firm grip in house panel that oversees military  repsusandavis  repspeier  hascdemocrats
the natural resource committee today unanimously passed my bipartisan north country scenic trails bill  h r  1026  …
rt  fwd_us  thank you to congresswoman  repzoelofgren for listening to dreamer stories today from our ca delegation at the protect dreamer…
as of today  12 034  daca  recipients have lost their status  president trump ended the program on sept  5th  and ea…
unfortunately  now is not the time for  potus to be discussing troop withdrawal from syria   2/2 
if potus and the pentagon didn t coordinate  it would be a serious breakdown of our national security  trans ban
i am so grateful for the extraordinary hard work and dedication of utrgv s team leaders like velinda reyes    
earlier this afternoon  i met with representatives from the association des industries d haiti to discuss haiti s i…
rt  cesar_espinosa   repalgreen meetign with  dreamers  thabk you for your leadership and thank you for being a cchampion for our cause
the g o p tax scam was rigged for the rich and against everyone else 
happy national pet day  remember when kiwi went to washington d c 
rt  oliverdarcy  democratic rep  jamie raskin says of  diamondandsilk hearing that he is surprised how house judiciary committee has  desce…
for this exact reason and others  i proudly led 60  of my colleagues to urge fully funding the epa by  nitalowey an…
rt  johnfasony  i m working with  reprichardneal on the synthetics trafficking and overdose prevention  stop  act to crack down on shipping…
today is national black hiv/aids awareness day  nbhhad   please take the time to go get tested  it s important  test…
i worked with my colleagues to secure funding for two long-term veteran nursing facilities in flagstaff and yuma …
great to meet with granite state members of the  vfwhq yesterday to discuss how we can work together to improve acc…
rt  micahgrimes  as zuckerberg keeps pressing the idea that he started facebook in his dorm room  rep  rush presses on him that facebook is…
  househomeland  repmccaul    to have committed in the u s  the capture and prosecution of tomas yarrington will…
read my statement on trump s failure to condemn deadly violence in charlottesville 
you can read the letter i sent with  senatorshaheen  senatorhassan &  repsheaporter here 
wishing the very best to  repanthonybrown  rest up & we ll see you back in the people s house soon 
people all over the country will march today to say never again  i m proud of the students who have sparked this re…
as just one example of your poor judgment  your use of  43 000 to construct a phone booth in your office was not ju…
today  i joined my colleagues from the tennessee delegation and the congressional black caucus on the house floor t…
imagine what would happen if republicans went to work on behalf of hardworking americans instead of their wealthy d…
there are many kinds of natural disaster that can impact our islands  because of their level of devastation or freq…
this has caused the uninsured rate to increase from 12 7% in 2016 to 15 5% in 2018 – and healthcare premiums to inc…
 greggorman3 there was nothing about my tweet that  defended  it  in fact  i was criticizing the whole show 
rt  ethanpollack  i was honored to be invited by  reptimwalz and  repadriansmith of the congressional rural caucus to moderate a panel on r…
  realdonaldtrump is directing dhs to separate parents and children crossing the border  effectively tearing apart…
rt  townhallproject  over 500 members of congress haven t appeared at one town hall for our lives  but rep  hank johnson is attending two toda…
i m honored to have earned a perfect score on the 2017 l c v scorecard from  lcvoters  md s environment is so importa…
today i introduced the community broadband act  legislation that will empower local communities to ensure their res…
happy thanksgiving  i am grateful for my family & the 1st district of  pa   remember to take a moment to think of those less fortunate today 
for years  the second district has been a leader in renewable energy jobs  glad to see will county taking another b…
how many years of work would it take for you to make what some ceos make in a single week  check out this new…
rt  senatormenendez  the questions  billpascrell and i got at the town hall for our lives were pointed  smart & genuine  people are energized…
i m honored to have earned a perfect score on the 2017 l c v scorecard
rt  repveasey    potus   housegop   senategop  roses are red  violets are blue  d r e a mers are americans  just like you  ❤
fattah team / brain science/ real results via  youtube
rt  franksharry  wapo editorial   trump and sessions propose a breathtaking innovation  wrenching every small child away  as a matter of po…
while today is equal pay day  this is not true for all women  black women will have to work until august 7  2018 to…
rt  rvivian370  at  hispanicfed with betsy franceschini and staff   betsyfranceschi  milvzqz  ricardoj_na  pbcdhc  repdarrensoto  somos_or…
rt  nometrealtors  current & future homeowners & middle class taxpayers will be hit the hardest with the proposed changes ask the experts ht…
the president today described kim jong-un as  very honorable   while i support a diplomatic solution to the crisis …
to all delawareans who observe  i wish you a blessed and peaceful ramadan 
this past weekend  i had the pleasure of attending the welcome home vietnam veterans day event at the fort verde st…
i accepted the ice bucket challenge & made a personal donation to support the fight to strike out a l s
do you want to end gun violence  here s how we start  pass the bipartisan thompson-king bill to strengthen america s…
join the county chairs  association at their annual reception 
ending temporary protected status for haitians could put them at risk of poverty and illness  save t p s
rt  lawyerscomm  confirming thomas farr to a lifetime seat on the federal bench would send the chilling message to black north carolinians…
if you need help with a federal agency  my office can assist you  my casework staff will be at the  skagit_library…
rt  housedemocrats   nato  was established  otd  69 years ago  securing an alliance between north america and european countries  the support…
i have sponsored a companion bill to preserve net neutrality here in the house  hjres 129   and i will continue to…
are you a college student interested in learning more about congress  my offices offer internship opportunities in…
rt  repyvetteclarke  this tax day remember  speaker ryan once bragged about handing a stunningly paltry tax cut of  1 50 per week to worker…
 1/2  excited to be  ps_dupont this morning to speak with students who recently visited the  nmaahc 
  billgates recently visited  fl07  to highlight the ways  ucf is meeting the educational needs of its students and…
 well-heeled investors reap the republican tax cut bonanza 
rt  alaskawild  thank you  replowenthal for recognizing all americans have a stake in  ✔️the  majestic red rocks region  in utah ✔️the  fra…
if you haven t already signed up for my weekly e-newsletters  please do  so many constituents have stopped me at th…
yet  the starbucks incident  alongside mass incarceration and police brutality  shares a common thread with that o…
 we are cracking down [on] foreign criminal gangs that have brought illegal drugs  violence  horrible bloodshed  …
by breaking the iran deal  trump has undermined our nation s credibility  alienated our allies  and put us closer t…
3 500 reasons for congress to pass the honest ads act 
kicking off april s  marc means business  with lon smith roofing today  getting ready to go on the roof  putting on…
i m about to testify in front of the house rules committee against yucca mountain  watch live here →
wonderful evening honoring outstanding  clarkcountysch educators at the chicanos por la causa   cplcdotorg  annual…
the work that comes out of  cdcgov is too important for our country s public health to censor the budget requests f…
welcome back  your strength and courage serves as an inspiration to all 
by eliminating funding for farm bill energy programs  the  housegop is taking away valuable tools for our farmers a…
 usafmatthew  repandrecarson  usafmatthew  the limit on matching funds is indexed to prior election-year spending  so the maximum varies  /1
in horton v  midwest geriatric  i joined my fellow ags arguing that discrimination against  lgbtq  people in the wor…
i m so proud of the  ristatepolice troopers who ran in the boston marathon 
farmworkers deserve overtime protections too  let s end 80 years of injustice  i strongly urge  jerrybrowngov to sign  ab1066   si se puede
200 democrats and republicans aren t afraid of the gun lobby and are willing to pass the thompson king background c…
the orange county transportation authority is looking for volunteers to join the oc go taxpayer oversight committee…
great to meet with ca d r e a mers today  we must defend daca & find a legislative solution to protect dreamers
 sullied18 do you recall the emergence of the auto industry 
rt  hispaniccaucus  join the  hispaniccaucus today for a tweetstorm from 11 30am-12 30pm et to stand with puerto rico  6 months after maria s…
rt  matteroffacttv   one of the reasons people don t vote is incumbents have such an advantage   are term limits a solution  or are incumbe…
rt  protectrdfnders  is it really too much to ask that the crime rate for generals and admirals be zero   servicewomen  notinmymarines  nwl…
thank you to all the talented  az09  students who entered our congressional art competition  stay tuned  we ll annouc…
rt  waysmeanscmte   we have an opportunity to reform tanf to help parents make a living  but we should also remember our duty to support pa…
in all my years of public service  i ve never received a single dollar from the nra  today  i pledged that i never…
visiting the beautiful south coast today 
rt  repterrisewell  as m l k day approaches  it s our turn to take up dr  king s unfinished work  together  we can build a country where ever…
rt  drhenson2  it was an honor to have u s  rep  sheila jackson lee  d-tx  visit north forest hs to tour the campus and encourage our stude…
american democracy needs leaders who stand up for the constitution and ensure  whitehouse respects…
white house belongs to all the people and does not solely belong to donald trump - dems do not need pomp and circum…
rt  housedemocrats  one year ago today   housegop and president trump celebrated their vote to take health care away from 22 million americ…
first we marched  then we voted  now we re running  and we re just getting started 
appropriations committee approved  repbarbaralee s bipartisan amendment  congress must stop hiding from this debate 
we have lost another virgin islander to irma  condolences to his loved ones and all the unsung heroes of the vi water and power authority 
 sullied18 what would you like to see cut 
rt  repanthonybrown  i sent a letter with my colleagues on  hascdemocrats to express our strong opposition to trump s plan to use dod fundi…
was so great to join the hip hop caucus to talk about climate change and environmental justice 
wishing israel a very happy 70th independence day  here s to many more years of friendship between our two countries  yom ha atzmaut
i ll be on  cnn at 9 40am et to discuss  conorlambpa  s big victory  trump s chaotic foreign diplomacy  and other news of the day tune in
rt  asu  against all odds  high school robotics team from casa grande  asuprepacademy makes world competition 🌍🙌🏆 h…
rt  srl    tgowdysc  clearly annoyed that a trump doj appointee didn t show up for a hearing  said  he s coming to talk  at some point or a…
