a good video from  nro  no  the  nra doesn t  buy politicians 
rt  hascrepublicans  bipartisan cyber legislation introduced  mactxpress  repadamsmith  repstefanik  jimlangevin -…
wishing everyone a happy and safe presidents day  join me as we honor and salute all of our commanders-in-chief who…
russellville  my office is coming to you on april 10th 
how is tax reform helping small businesses thrive  text  tax reform  to 50589 to find out small business week
this week i had the honor of speaking at the  ncai1944  ecws2018   the 1st district is home to 8 of michigan s 12 fe…
last night  the house passed a crucial spending bill that included funding for  deptofdefense  a pay raise for our…
rt  pattiberi  day 8 for 31 reasons4 tax reform→ businesses spend too much    filing taxes when they could be investing those resources in th…
we lost 135 officers last year  11 from california with 1  sheriff deputy jack hopkins  from the 1st district in mo…
it was great to partner with google and bring an interactive computer coding program to students at oldsmar element…
two observations from my various visits across the lowcounty today   
rt  marshablackburn  on the way to air force one  where we will travel w/  realdonaldtrump to tn & listen to him speak at the  farmbureau c…
tuning into one of today s 10 subcommittee hearings  you can watch all proceedings live  find our full schedule her…
rt  heritageohio   repbobgibbs honored as a hero in saving historic tax credits
flood waters expected to stay high  pay attention to official updates and use mass transit / carpool when possible …
5  did peter strzok  lisa page  or bruce orr work on the fisa application 
watch now ➔ i m currently talking tax reform 
icymi - in congress  we will work to make sure relief needs are met for people of puerto rico & u s  virgin islands 
this week i reintroduced the one percent spending reduction act  better known as the penny plan  it s a simple  str…
those who lost their lives honor us and we should do everything within our power to honor them  never forget…
we need taxreform bc high rates are hurting small businesses & their workers
rt  repjustinamash  this afternoon  i will vote for a new speaker 
toured flirtey this week  a reno-based drone delivery co  that conducted the 1st faa-approved drone deliveries in t…
happy greek independence day 
the  faanews reauthorization passed today includes my amendment to prevent drones in our national air space from be…
rt  thehill  another health insurer pulling out of obamacare markets
today is national law enforcement appreciation day  thank you for protecting and keeping us safe everyday   ca08 
the agriculture appropriations bill markup will begin after house votes 
great to meet with local leaders and industry officials from  econalliance last night to discuss the importance of…
rt  repsanfordsc  budgets are ultimately about priorities  new  republicanstudy budget features a couple of our legislative initiatives  in…
rt  housegop   when rev  graham spoke of god s grace  the world listened    cathymcmorris  words of wisdom from the man who served as spi…
while you are trudging through this year s tax filing season with the old tax code  remember things are looking up…
rt  reprodblum  my glass is raised to  7gdistributing for the important work you do during small businessweek and every day for eastern iow…
i wrote an op-ed in the  suncmtynews about my work in congress to address the high cost of prescription drugs  read…
rt  repcomstock  looking forward to voting for this important legislation that i cosponsored which will give expanded tools to prosecutors…
today is the national day of prayer  as president ronald reagan proclaimed in 1983   this occasion provides our natio…
  repmccaul   we are strongest when we work together  and i look forward to working with  realdonaldtrump – and my…
what our bill offers is opportunity  what our bill offers is a future for our children and our grandchildren  i am…
three rural counties in utah are fighting to keep reduced monument boundaries bears ears
teaching and nurturing our nation s children is an important and oftentimes challenging task  that s why this week …
rt  swmich  dr  mathews got to show  repfredupton the progress on the nursing building today  learn more about the project at
as  potus said  this order is clearly not about banning muslims  as only seven muslim countries are on the list  there are 50 in the world 
congratulations to the newton eagles on winning the class 3a-division ii state title  it was an incredible season…
 copacetic_cindy  realdonaldtrump i support releasing the memo
rt  housejudiciary  much progress has been made over past few decades in preventing & prosecuting child exploitation crimes  but there is s…
 cycleoptions  govwaste of course i voted in favor the tax cutsand jobs act  which is saving everyday americans more…
 smoking gun  email reveals obama doj blocked conservative groups from settlement funds  gop lawmaker says fox news
rt  rephensarling  rt if you agree  it is unacceptable for  senatedems to hold the american people and gov t hostage to fulfill their polit…
today is the last tax day filing under the old  broken tax code  with the new tax code  you ll see more money in yo…
at national space council   vp included language by  lamarsmithtx21   repjbridenstine & me on h r  2809 to streamlin…
 kaysunshine1252 congress approves all spending  most members don t take time to read the classified portion of th…
many michigan families and small businesses need help with the irs because the 2017 tax code is complicated and bur…
i m pleased the new markets tax credit  nmtc  was preserved as a part of tax reform  i advocated for keeping it as…
thanks  repclayhiggins for working to keep our schools safe and congratulations on getting this bill passed in the…
congressman griffith s weekly e-newsletter 8 11 17 topics  energy and commerce update
rt  secretarysonny  when you travel the country in an rv visiting the people of american agriculture  sometimes you pick up passengers  hap…
rt  housegop    cathymcmorris  we re celebrating our economy  it hit another milestone recently  unemployment dropped to 3 9%  that s the l…
scheduling update  due to weather related travel delays  tomorrow s small business workshop event is postponed unti…
i stopped by  newsok yesterday to catch up with  _davemorris  i discussed the upcoming meeting between president tr…
rt  gop  rt to thank our heroic police for their service to communities across the nation  police week18
today i had the honor of being awarded the  moph_hq outstanding leadership award  the military order of the purple…
it was good to see members of the virginia bankers association on capitol hill today  including bill hayter of abin…
rt  houseforeign  cmte passes  roslehtinen s united states-israel security assistance authorization act
according to  nfib  smallbusinesses are the most optimistic they ve been in more than three decades  great being w…
rt  deptofdefense  today marks the 73rd anniversary of d day  how much do you know about this important day in history 
my prayers are with the bush family tonight as they mourn the passing of family matriarch and former first lady  ba…
thanks to all the students and parents who came out to milan high school last night for our military service academ…
my bill  the improving support for missing and exploited children act  has passed the house 
inspiring trip for me and my son for the m l k pilgrimage led by  repjohnlewis from montgomery to selma this weekend …
more good news  this time in the form of  15 minimum hourly wage 
prison reform is a money and a moral issue—it s money that we re wasting housing without rehabilitating  it s a mor…
this tax day  taxpayers have much to look forward to when they file their returns next year  -- standard deduction…
i m back in  ok  today and challenged grove high school students to make a difference in their community and their c…
both the caa reform act and the house resolution passed today  i am proud of the work this committee and our bipart…
brock and she has even said so herself  president trump has long warned about how the liberal media uses fake news…
good news  the air force sided with religious liberty  i wrote a letter to them in december supporting col  bohanno…
the fy18 omnibus bill was 2 232 pages long and released 18 hours before the vote  members of congress need time to…
lake kemp provision passes u s  congress
thanks to pro-growth policies like lifting regulations and cutting taxes  the u s  unemployment rate is at the lowe…
setting the record straight   
thank you 
early reports are heart-wrenching  my thoughts are with those affected  please keep the victims  their loved ones …
rt  repkevinbrady  barbara bush was the original  thousand points of life  by urging  applauding  and at times insisting that we live up to…
thanks for a great interview   bloombergtv  always enjoy speaking w/  kevcirilli 
 i applaud your efforts to advance a reauthorization bill for fy 2018 and fy 2019 and appreciate the work of your s…
six stunning pictures show the beauty and innocence of god s creation and the heartless violence of man 
chairman  petesessions welcomes chairman of the  housejudiciary  repgoodlatte to testify on the pain-capable unborn…
joined  repratcliffe today to chair joint  edworkforce  househomeland hearing on cybersecurity workforce 
to stay updated on all companies/employees receiving good news due to taxreform visit or text  tax reform  to 50589
rt  housegop  with the tax cutsand jobs act  we made it even easier for families to save and get ahead 
it is absolutely vital that our next  deptvetaffairs secretary has the experience and commitment needed to continue…
rt  waysandmeansgop  watch → we ve been traveling districts and getting a glimpse into how tax reform will help americans across the nation…
agree fix for daca must be found  supportive of those brought to usa thru no fault of own should be allowed to stay…
  kolr10kozl   springfield solar company adds jobs after trump tax cuts  tax reform
chairman  repmccaul will give the state of national security address at  gwcchs on monday  february 5th  learn more…
congrats to  wyomingseminary s kelsey reznick for helping the u s  u-17 women s national field hockey team finish i…
rt  aviabelow  post  realdonaldtrump us recognition of jerusalem as capital of israel  interview with  repdennisross -  ruthlieb…
small businesses are the backbone of our economy and the engine to job creation  happy national small businessweek…
while we are sad to see such a close friend leave us at the end of this term  we respect his desire to spend more t…
icymi  here s my interview with  varneyco this morning on  foxbusiness 
russian oligarchs are the key benefactors for putin & they have actively supported russia s destabilizing actions a…
great to meet with my friends from  aipac this afternoon to discuss how we can strengthen our relationship with our…
it is an understatement to say we cannot afford a nuclear arms race in the middle east  president obama made a dang…
thank you to  repjeffmiller for speaking support of the benishek amendment 
tax reform  health care reform & other issues affect businesses of all sizes  even linden s propane in wellington 
today  the house is voting on the fostering innovation act  which i introduced with  repsinema to ensure that costl…
today we recognize world hemophilia day - raising awareness of this rare disease that affects about 20 000 in the us…
i was honored to meet with  drlobsangsangay  president of the central tibetan administration  we had a productive d…
u s  chamber of commerce recognizes rep  coffman with spirit of enterprise award   
there are over 100 000 active duty military based in nc  right now  they are defending our freedom while not knowi…
rt  cal_fire  peak fire [update] at indian peak rd and usona rd  9 miles southeast of mariposa  mariposa county  is now 680 acres and 50% c…
these slots are extremely limited and will be offered on a first-come  first-served basis to residents of north car…
congrats to  footballuga on a great rose bowl win  go dawgs 
today  i joined my colleagues in the house of representatives in reauthorizing the faa and blocking privatization o…
 chadpergram  realdonaldtrump is absolutely right that senate filibuster needs reform so that congress can complete…
president trump s proposal rescinding  15 billion – the largest rescissions package in history – is a welcome step…
the president plans to hold our military hostage for more spending on regulatory agencies and social welfare  toct
  uber is changing the way that people move g o p future
i had the honor of working with gov  tom ridge when i served in the pa legislature & briefly in congress  he s stro…
right now  more than 20 million people worldwide are caught in human trafficking  working together  we can put an…
rt  housecommerce  h r  3387  the drinking water system improvement act sponsored by  greggharper passed the full cmte by voice vote
ridiculous though that so many senate dems voted no  hillary clinton received 94 votes  john kerry received 94 as w…
thanks to the federal  state and local 1st responders battling the forest fire in newaygo co tonight  god speed and…
rt  westerncaucus  great to be joined by  interior  secretaryzinke at today s member meeting  as always  we had a lively discussion on impo…
november is healthy skin month  despite colder weather  it s still crucial to keep using sunscreen & check skin for…
never mind that coverage of obamacare never focused on the delayed impending tax penalties the way that coverage fo…
this morning  congress and  potus will honor the life of reverend billy graham in the u s  capitol rotunda  he is t…
federal offices in d c  are closed today due to a winter storm  however  my d c  office will be open and operating…
rt  realdonaldtrump  california governor jerry brown is doing the right thing and sending the national guard to the border  thank you jerry…
rt  uschamber  our economy is seeing a new era of growth because of tax reform
as a former florida certified teacher  i want to thank all the educators who shape the lives of our so fla childre…
i congratulate the  stephensoncc for recently earning the prestigious national cancer institute  nci  designation 
proud to join dr  jay morgan &  nasa admin  robert lightfoot  moreheadstate to talk about…
we are working hard to release the memo to the american people 
  jeffflake  thanks for being a good colleague & friend  you will be missed in congress  full statement 
today and everyday we remember our pow s & those who are missing in action - you are not forgotten …
strong food security = strong national security  a nation that feeds itself is more secure than a nation that doesn…
don t miss saturday s blue moon  it will be the second blue moon of the year – a very rare event 
on set with  ericshawntv on  foxnews talking about the importance of hosting hearings on capitol hill as that s how…
rt  foxnews    reppittenger   the united states provides moral clarity for those seeking freedom throughout the world  and that s so import…
  wsj  the number of americans applying for unemployment benefits fell to the lowest level since 1969 
today  we celebrate c u r e sat one & the landmark 21st century cures act  this law is bringing hope to people in or &…
 you can be strong on terrorism without having to always be involved in wars   -  reprokhanna
proud to be in enid today to discuss the importance of conservation programs and to celebrate  johnstonseedco s 125…
this is why i support president trump  he s a leader that will protect us rather than let criminals and illegal al…
thanks to the  leadfortwayne team who is working to promote access to resources for area veterans with this great v…
tax reform in washington & ks are not the same – read my  foxnewsopinion editorial to learn how they are different 
i d like to congratulate the three hardin-jefferson high school students for having their  texas strong  egg design…
my first read of the day   good processes lead to good politics  and that leads to good policy… 
have questions about your taxes  on wednesday  march 28  we will be hosting  irs  mobile office hours in bedford a…
having served alongside general mattis  i know he is the right man  at the right time  to lead the department of de…
my wife sonia stuck by my side and was my family s rock on the home front during my time in the  usairforce  thank…
read my op-ed on our military s code of honor that was in  usatoday recently 
for a full rundown of  housecommerce s overall efforts to combat the opioidcrisis &gt &gt 
rt  valonia_walker  hhs jrotc is honoring our local police officers during the 4th annual north houston police memorial ceremony 
as we end suicide prevention month  let s remember that suicide is preventable  listen and help when someone reaches out  get involved 
rt  nbcdfw  this texan is our nation s oldest living veteran and believed to be the oldest living man in america  the human time capsule sh…
i look forward to continuing bipartisan work with the problem solvers caucus and my friend   repjoshg  thank you to…
wishing a very happy 240th birthday to the us marine corp  semperfi u s m c birthday
always great when i get the opportunity to be in studio w/ seth at whow in clinton  we caught up on my visit to the…
as you say your prayers tonight  express thanks for the life billy graham led  and how he mentored so many of our n…
with such momentous legislative victories being signed  sealed and delivered only one year into our unified republi…
this report is not an indictment on the teachers who work passionately to serve our students  but ultimately highli…
talking with 8th graders at dowagiac middle school   mi06 
the month of may marks lyme disease awareness month  i spoke on the house floor to highlight the challenges that ly…
rt  freebeacon  europe free riding on american drug innovation  congressmen warn trump via  charlesflehman
 repstevensmith  senjohnmccain there is no doubt that i have disagreed with the senator on many occasions  most not…
congressman griffith at this morning s oversight & investigations subcommittee hearing
rt  foxnews    replukemesser   as peace comes to the korean peninsula  i do believe president  realdonaldtrump deserves the nobel peace pri…
when i co-chaired the bipartisan privacy working group  republicans and democrats worked together to learn more ab…
thank you for coming by and meeting with my team  3 hearings today  but good to get the update from my staff and i…
thank you to  vfwhq department of indiana for all you do  we still have more to do to get our nation s veterans the…
rt  faithnpolitics  thanks to congresswoman  debdingell and  repmoolenaar for committing to revive civility   repmoolenaar   one of the hal…
 berniesanders  hillaryclinton just a screen shot of drudge as a happy new year message to  berniesanders and…
number of days since the house of representatives sent the senate all twelve appropriations bills funding the gover…
happening now  subcommittee hearing in  natresources on the benefits of the navajo generating station to local econ…
rt  housegop  90% of americans are getting a bigger paycheck thanks to the tax cutsand jobs act  how will you spend your extra     
happy 106th birthday  girlscouts  cheers to inspiring millions of girls to lead and make the world a better place 
 schwarzenegger praying for your speedy recovery 
i don t believe these aviation mishaps are merely just individual incidences  if you have vehicular accidents that…
friday  i toured innovest global  inc  in chagrin falls  through the tax cutsand jobs act  small businesses like inno…
i was pleased to welcome  betsydevosed to the lhhs appropriations subcommittee to learn more about her vision for e…
speaking with  dougwrightshow on  kslnewsradio right now about border security  tune in  utpol
i am still distraught by the events in charlottesville  my prayers continue to be with the family of heather heyer 
i agree  realdonaldtrump -  one of my greatest priorities is to reduce the price of prescription drugs  in many oth…
celebrating opening of a new road in barrow  proud to play minor role by securing improvements to the tribal transp…
amnesty  a pardon for immigration law breakers coupled with the reward of the objective of their crime  amnesty destroys the rule of law 
rt  repbyrne  despite the snow and the government closing for the winter weather  my d c  office is up and running to serve the people of s…
rt  lracheldg    republicanstudy budget would cut spending by  12 4 trillion over 10 years  via  lracheldg  dailysi…
 aamctoday  statnews why is funding medical research important  this 
happy veterans day to our veterans who have served and sacrificed for us and our freedoms …
praying for the people in the truck and my friends and colleagues involved in the train accident in va 
if a company wishes to merge or purchase another company  it must notify both doj & ftc  these agencies then determ…
god bless the brave warriors of the u s  capitol police  who deal with more on a daily basis than most of us can possibly imagine thank you 
the final battle of the texas revolution was fought 182 years ago today  happy sanjacintoday 
the  boyscouts are 108 today  headquartered in  tx24   this organization helps millions of young men embody the scou…
just walked off the house floor after voting in support of emergency funding for fema to help recovery efforts due to hurricane harvey 
her country loved her back  and may she rest in peace 
more good news  last month  the manufacturing industry showed the strongest employment increase in more than three…
great news during small business week
happy national agriculture day  thank a farmer
tax reform is  sweetening  the deal for  hostess_snacks in kansas city  more 
this month i joined a bill to block the us from buying communist chinese telecom equipment  it s common sense  why…
new article this morning about michigan s priorities  the  glri   the soo locks and stopping asian carp 
next week  the committee will hold its first-ever bipartisan member day and two oversight hearings  full schedule h…
today  we commemorate veterans day and honor those who served our country  we should always remember that we must k…
i had a great discussion about improving veterans programs with vfw members from florida  fixing the va and support…
republicans may have majorities in both houses of congress  but 60 votes  not 51  are needed to pass a funding bill…
i was proud to vote in favor of the c h o i c eact to create more opportunities for all americans and end wall street b…
my staff and i are monitoring situation at redstone arsenal  please join me in praying for the safety of everyone on base 
learn more about about the  brac  prohibition  patriot legislation  and more in the  fy18ndaa  
rt  housegop  in this week s gop address   reptomprice discusses our plan to repeal obamacare and replace it with patient-centered solutio…
on this day in 1945 auschwitz-birkenau was liberated  january 27 is international holocaust rememberance day - a day…
thanks for coming today  we had a great turnout 
icymi  check out my latest newsletter to read more about my meetings in oregon  recent work in congress  and oregon…
tomorrow morning at 6 15amct will join  wbap247news to discuss the breaking news today regarding rex tillerson & mike pompeo  tune in 
understanding the schumer shutdown is simple  democrats are using american citizens as pawns to try to give amnesty…
with funding restored for the federal government  it s time to shift focus back to protecting dreamers  i look forw…
our police officers wake up every day to selflessly serve our community  today  and every day  thank a cop for keep…
extensions for faa authorization  sept  & flood insurance program  july  also included  i voted yes  i now depart f…
thanks  endalz
 defendourfuture like any issue  different people connect in different ways  some republican priorities – like fisc…
former first lady barbara bush led a fulfilling life of service to country and more importantly to family  she will…
 secpompeo  potus congratulations on your swearing-in   secpompeo 
icymi  kentucky could soon be getting its first national monument thanks to  repandybarr ⬇️
florida has 374 884 children who stand to lose their health insurance if the senate votes to shut down the governme…
we re hosting satellite office hours in white city tomorrow to make getting help as easy as possible  here s all th…
visited crossroads elementary in riverbank and gratton elementary school in denair to celebrate…
rt  airandspace  got a question about flight  ask our explainers  they work w/our curators & educators to provide answers 
today  the  houseagnews released the 2018 farm bill  i am thankful for all of the hard work that  conawaytx11 and m…
the house gaveled back in session today  in honor of tax day  the house is considering legislation to rein in the o…
the scoreboard doesn t lie 
rt  repratcliffe  tomorrow at 2pm  hurdonthehill and i will chair a joint  househomeland &  gopoversight cyber subcommittee hearing on  dh…
sad to hear that my friend  cloria brown  has passed away  i had the honor of serving alongside her in the missouri…
currier plastics inc  is one of the few facilities in the u s  that creates all of its components in a single locat…
rt  aggieringday  ring day for friday only relocating inside hall of champions at kyle field due to severe weather threat — see
south dakotans are on the court again tonight  let s go  gojackswbb  go jacks
april 9–13 marks national retirement planning week  financial planning is key to an enjoyable retirement  it is nev…
rt  aurorahuskies  thank you  repadriansmith for taking the time to show the aurorahuskies around the capitol and answering our questions …
beaver county lost a local trailblazer recently  maria delitha  dee  green made history as the first african-americ…
happy to be in moore county today to support and honor our veterans and join them for the flag pole dedication at c…

our hearts go out to families friends & classmates of natalie henderson & carter davis  we support the police in this ongoing investigation 
bashar al-assad is a murderous oppressor who has kept power through barbaric acts and the poisoning of women and ch…
nothing s more powerful than the taxreform stories that we ve heard all across the country  including in eastern w…
it was a pleasure joining  coloradobrt this morning to discuss the tax cutsand jobs act and how it helps…
rt  realdonaldtrump  if it was the goal of russia to create discord  disruption and chaos within the u s  then  with all of the committee h…
rt  laura_brache  congratulations  abssweb williams hs junior alex pardue  awarded the community hero award for the month of april by  repm…
chairman bishop s statement on  interior s proposed well control rule 👇
i sat down w/  libcasey  a  pa15  native  to discuss my time in congress & legislative priorities going forward  📺 …
proud to welcome alex and cate from  chelsea_hs to dc this week  their team won the  mi07   congressionalac and they…
net farm income has fallen 52% since 2013  one of the steepest declines since the great depression  the…
next tuesday at 10am in 2167 rayburn  the railroads  pipelines  and hazardous materials subcommittee will hold a he…
we re fighting to ensure those recovering from hurricanes harvey  irma  maria  and the wildfires in california c…
i m speaking on the house floor now in support of our nation s law enforcement officers  police week watch here 
i hope we can move past this weekend s drama & focus on issues that matter  but if dems decide to use shutdown tact…
instead of targeting the second amendment rights of law-abiding gun owners  we need to focus on securing our school…
  replukemesser  the status quo is leaving millions of millennials behind  so  it s time to get innovative   g o p future
rt  uscapitol  this year s series of summer concerts will be inaugurated by  marineband on thursday  june 1  2017 
do you need assistance from my office  my staff will hold  ne03  mobile office hours today in broken bow and tomorro…
  repbradwenstrup is a hero  today  the army awarded him the soldier s medal for his heroic actions during the shoo…
rt  waysandmeansgop  we learned from kansas  missteps and took steps to correct them – because you deserve better   replynnjenkins
the  fy19ndaa  contains big wins for our district  i m proud that it includes my provisions to strengthen artificial…
their voice i believe is truly the loudest voice that comes to washington on a regular basis to fight for this issu…
 hr3122  will make sure the va works to protect low-income and older vets from scam artists 
exceptional  again   
congrats  reaganbandsa 
rt  hascrepublicans  live   10  mactxpress holds hearing assessing progress & identifying future opportunities in defense reform watch  ht…
as chairwoman of the defense appropriations subcommittee  i iook forward to working with the president to give our…
rt  hascrepublicans  chairman  mactxpress & hasc republican members to host a press conference on the budget agreement - 4 15 pm - studio a…
a lot of you have called to say that you are very much against the omnibus spending bill  i m in total agreement wi…
additionally  a new rule will enforce existing conscience protections for americans involved in hhs-funded program …
rt  transport  what is wrda  why does it matter  the water resources development act authorizes america s water infrastructure - a critica…
rt  ladyluck_g  a big thanks to  repjeffduncan for supporting  homevisiting  i hope your experience on an actual home visit was enlighte…
kicking off my 41st telephone town hall meeting from my desk in washington dc  looking forward to a spirited call w…
i ll be hosting another round of neighborhood office hours tomorrow  first   tractorsupply in awendaw  followed by…
missouri-03 is p-r-o-u-d of lauren holsapple  who earned a spot in the scripps national spelling bee this year  con…
house committee on natural resources hearing on  examining the critical importance of offshore energy revenue shar…
i ve been working on the  hbot  issue for quite a while now and am thankful to the veterans  providers  va officials…
the supreme court will hear a case challenging the president s failure to enforce our country s immigration laws
rt  cathymcmorris  today  the house will take up a resolution to require all house members and staff to undergo sexual harassment training…
voting ends at 5pm today for the  in03  people s choice competition as part of the 2018 congressional art competitio…
great visit today with my buddy jim unmacht of arizona sportsmen for wildlife conservation 
rt  speakerryan  our country is facing a shortage of skilled workers  too much potential is sitting on the sidelines  now is the time to he…
happening now  tune in to the  c4show for a recap of last night s town hall in joppa  thanks to everyone who partic…
rt  grpress  west michigan military  see achievements by local service men and women
 potus made a perfect pick to head  statedept   mikepompeo_ has the experience  intelligence and demeanor for this…
take a look at my e-newsletter to see what i did this week in the district →
blue origin s announcement is great news for the space coast and commercial space endeavors
rt  _thurlow  thank you  repbrianmast 4 your support   evergfoundation 🐊now or neverglades e a a reservoir everglades summit
great op-ed on  cheniere lng and american s role in the world energy market
 cleanh2oaction check it out 👉  the weaponization of nepa and the implications of environmental lawfare 
  nytdavidbrooks notes that to find compromise in these divisive times  there must be trust and respect first …
rt  cohospitalassn  thank you  senbennetco   sencorygardner   repdianadegette &  reptipton for your leadership on opioid safety 

did you know  thanks to tax reform   4 billion in bonuses have been given to hard-working americans across the coun…
 the goal must be to address the real risks we face without undermining or stifling the contribution of internation…
earlier this month  i joined  politicsports13 to discuss the recent effects of taxreform on college sports  and my…
trafficking is a multi-billion dollar industry & modern-day slave trade  we must redouble our efforts & focus …
good meeting with  citizensclimate advocates in kalamazoo to discuss the bipartisan climate solutions caucus  great…
beautiful day in watkins glen  ny for the ground breaking ceremony for the premium beverage production facility at…
taxreform works for the people → 4 million  and counting  to be exact  learn more about tax reform by texting  ta…
step therapy reform will help physicians put patients first  congressmanruiz → steptherapy
today the house passed my bill to extend the construction deadline for the hydropower project at w  kerr scott dam 
take a look at the video below to see what i did last week in  ga12  
gord was a dear friend and former co-chair with me of the us/canada inter-parliamentary group organization  i m hea…
want to keep up on the latest legislative happenings in washington and news from across  va05   check out our weekly…
this week marks national small business week  thanks to tax reform smallbiz owners can now  ✅ invest more into thei…
rt  sbalinda  forest lake drapery and upholstery fabric center is the  sbagov winner of our 2018 phoenix award for a business whose company…
we re live now  tune in 🖥
abandoned sites are an eyesore to the community and are detrimental to economic development  the brownfields progra…
rt  tipton_art  tipton r6 welcomes congresswoman vicky hartzler  she s sharing a presentation on drug & suicide awareness  own your future  …
rt  repkristinoem  approaching hour 12 of  waysandmeansgop hearing on obamacare repealandreplace  critical we get obamacare s taxes repea…
happening now  i am chairing a hearing to examine how the epa s clean power plan will raise electricity rates 
icymi  spoke on the house floor last night about the recent fbi raid on president trump s attorney  watch the full…
rt  financialcmte  did you know - since dodd frank became law  we ve lost on avg  1 community financial institution per day  we re debating…
45 years after roe  and a list of laws inspired by americans who support life  utpol
thanks to the tax cutsand jobs act  this tax day marks the last time you will be subjected to our burdensome 32-year-…
in my new e-newsletter  i respond to former justice stevens  op-ed   repeal the second amendment   it s appalling t…
congratulations  rohan  to be among the few students selected for a national merit scholarship is an incredible hon…
  jim_jordan  today is tax day  the deadline for american taxpayers to file their taxes with the irs 
honored to introduce  cj_wentz​ as keynote speaker for the national prayer breakfast closing dinner 
the media ignores many good things happening under  realdonaldtrump  this week  secretaryzinke showed the interior…
american taxpayers need to be protected from waste  fraud and abuse in programs like medicaid  this problem must be…
tonight i voted for the continuing resolution  read my full statement here 
rt  morningbriefing  the  veterans data modernization act   will require the va to collect basic data on the cost of providing care to vete…
congressman griffith s weekly e-newsletter 3 5 18 topics  wednesday  february 28 - billy graham and the opioid cris…
icymi  i joined  10news this morning to discuss the situation in north korea -
additionally  we are implementing strong safeguards to ensure pass-through income earned by the wealthy remains at…
 ldtc17  will being in just a few minutes  watch the livestream here  data technology
i am unalterably opposed to the secretary of the interior s proposal to open up coastal waters to oil and gas explo…
world autism awareness day
tune in this morning at 10am for a full committee markup at t&i 
boon·dog·gle ˈbo͞onˌdäɡəl/ noun 1  work or activity that is wasteful or pointless but gives the appearance of having value  2  omnibus
  interior is taking steps to begin an oil and gas leasing program in the arctic refuge  if we destroy the…
stream live now 📺 hearing on  expanding affordable health care options  examining the department of labor s propose…
last week i questioned rdml gallaudet in a  natresources hearing on the don pedro re-licensing issue that would inc…
passed  an overwhelmingly bipartisan  comprehensive overhaul of the  irs  in 20 years  ✅tax payer first  hr 5444  ✅…
 lwherron  reprohrabacher so if ur family surfed with me what is all this nonsense about me not listening to my constituents 
rt  nebraskadot  happy pi day  celebrate the day with safety that never ends 
we re continuing to work on the securing america s future act here in the house  encouraged by support of  potus &…
rt  reptipton  human trafficking is a heinous crime has had a devastating impact on our society  that s why i participated in a  financialc…
after a year of working with federal and local leaders  i am happy to see that common sense prevailed and that flor…
    i stand with  realdonaldtrump & will continue to fight for strengthening our southern border & protecting our n…
got to see  stem  in action at this weekend s stem summit  proud of how  va01  is preparing our students to enter the…
rt  arkhospassoc  we appreciate  repwesterman for his time and comments to our association members today  thank you for all you do on behal…
great to see the team from etowah horse shoe fire department today--training on a saturday to keep our community sa…
a huge win for our constitution and rule of law --&gt   scotus rejects request to reconsider obama immigration  wsj
rt  repjamesfrank  thanks  mactxpress for protecting private property rights w/ h r  428  it passed 250-171  looking forward to working on…
it s an honor to be selected to serve on the  housejudiciary  i am excited to work with  repgoodlatte and the commi…
rt  chpa   today s  housecommerce vote is a significant development for otc monograph reform   - chpa president and ceo  scottmmelville  ht…
great news    prayers work 
humbled  honored  great speech mr  president   potus
i m delighted to have this amazing group of pastors and families from ga-11 in dc this week 
rt  dcexaminer   the beginning of the end for the online american slave trade  by  repannwagner and  repmimiwalters…
  repcurbelo  despite the inclusion of several policies i d traditionally support & have championed  i made a commi…
chairman  repmarkwalker discussing infrastructure on  cnn   what are the pay-fors  what kind of reforms do we need…
we are working on taxreform to give middle-class americans the pay raise they need & deserve 
the house should maintain the  brac  prohibition in the  fy18ndaa 
rt  repjimbanks  as we work to improve military readiness  we should provide the dependent children of those in uniform with educational ch…
rt  houseagnews  great crowd here at  mnfarmfest for today s farmbill listening session  stop by if you re in the area  house ag listens ht…
reminder  the deadline for high school students to submit artwork for the 2018 congressional art competition is apri…
today as tens of thousands of pro-life americans marchfor life the house voted to protect the unborn  click here fo…
rt  restaurantsact  another great restaurant roundtable on the books with  gratoday and  congressmanhice to talk about healthcare  immigrat…
this is what taxreform means for  homedepot employees in eastern washington→ more take-home pay & better benefits …
rt  housevetaffairs  today and every day  we honor the brave men and women who defended our freedoms in the vietnam war 
happening now -&gt  excited to be at the  whitehouse with president  realdonaldtrump right now 
☑️ prison reform advancing in the house  the first step act  h r  5682  was approved by  housejudiciary today  than…
hey nathan - on my way to votes  i passed your 1st place artwork  split   which just went up in the  uscapitol  exc…
rt  susannebrunner    jessiturnure interviewing  repfrenchhill on kark4 about train collision in va  he says they were driving at normal sp…
interesting & impressive – visited  westernws in phoenix  enthusiasm for our tax reform plan & what it will mean f…
rt  vp    secondlady & i were honored to join  potus &  flotus at mar-a-lago for a good day of meetings with  abeshinzo  mrs  abe & the jap…
77 days and counting    as we say in texas  let s git  er done    
great to join with  vp to meet the  hamilton_hornet &  atessein  s galre students and discuss the history of our na…
rt  waysandmeansgop  with a focus on finding solutions  health subcmte chair  peterroskam ended yesterday s hearing on the opioid crisis by…
it was an honor today to speak with the bedford  americanlegion  thank you for your continued devotion to our fell…
while there are many things in the president s budget proposal i support  i am disappointed the president s proposa…
today i introduced the treating barriers to prosperity act to fight the opioid epidemic through workforce developme…
rt  buttesheriff  press release  butte county sheriff s office to reduce immediate evacuation order to evacuation warning
 this is about fairness for new jersey pilots and small businesses   said rep  leonard lance   i want to find a com…
are you a  ny21  constituent visiting washington d c   click here to learn more about the tours my office can arrang…
thank you to lively technical center in tallahassee for giving me an informative tour yesterday  lively tech center…
glad to join  repbrochester at  bgov this morning for a discussion about our bipartisan legislation to help strengt…
icymi - last week i introduced a bill to end the doe loan guarantee program  via  niconomistloris  dailysignal
it was an outstanding speech  one of the best i have heard in congress  thank you frank 
once again   senatemajldr is making excuses for why he cannot do what we all promised in the past  this rejection o…
some students from bohemia manor high school in cecil county stopped by my office before taking a tour of the u s …
before we can pass legislation that deals with daca  we must first address the underlying issue  which is our lack of border security 
rt  helsinkicomm  in iraq   helsinkicomm chair  repchrissmith met w/  idp  families resettled by chaldean catholic archdiocese of erbil htt…
u s  job openings at record  almost matching unemployed workers
rt  markweinerdc    realdonaldtrump invites  repjohnkatko to white house to declare opioid crisis a public health emergency
rt  faithandfreedom  thanks to  repannwagner  senrobportman and other bipartisan leaders in the house & senate for passing  fosta   sesta  to…
rt  repjenniffer  all those who served and who serve  far from home  or right at home  our nation salutes you on veterans day veterans day2…
last year  i wrote this op-ed about trafficking in ohio  an undercover agent said  it s everywhere because of the o…
rt  cspan  defense secretary mattis  sec def  testifies before house armed services cmte   hasc   – live at 9 30am et on c-span3
it was a pleasure to meet with  embaguateusa ambassador manuel espina this morning  i am proud of our relationship…
we re live at  transport hearing on  uas   uas and drone rules need more flexibility  in disaster relief efforts  li…
as a member of  hascrepublicans  i was pleased to vote in support of the fy18 national defense authorization act la…
new   drphilroe   cathymcmorris   reppoliquin introduce legislation to stop va from shielding dangerous doctors 
it s a happy tax day for  wssurams  thanks to the tax cutsand jobs act   bcbsnc is giving  1 million to support nursi…
the  prosper  act will help shape postsecondary education s role in modern workforce development and equip americans…
rt  620wtmj  coming up on wisconsin s afternoon news  -klements out as racing sausage sponsor -lead in mke h2o -giannis reax to kidd - jimp…
we ve got to continue our efforts to not only understand the effects of gen x  but also to take the necessary steps…
rt  usoofnc  yesterday  7 outstanding militarykids were named  op_homefront s military children of the year  congratulations to all  espec…
with our national debt expanding  mandatory spending continues to be the greatest driver of our nation s fiscal ins…
learn about how the house is improving access to legislative data -  ldtc  is this wednesday
5 years ago  the first bill i introduced in congress was a bill to strengthen funding for school security  yesterd…
proud to be a part of this effort  conscience protection act
thank you for having me  enjoyed it 
what an honor  great job by the army football team winning the commander in chief s trophy  go army 
be kind - do good - give back  newmansownfdn gives their profits to charities across the country  it has been an…
medicare is going broke  we have a plan to save it  it s time to choose a better way for our seniors 
honored to have been awarded the  frahq 2018  pinnacle award  for my work on behalf of all who are and have served…
the opioid epidemic is hitting people of all ages  including seniors  this is why prevention education programs lik…
praying for the families and loved ones of the seven heroes who lost their lives in last night s helicopter crash …
rt  armychiefstaff  today we recognize more than 480 000 spouses who are essential to the strength  resilience and readiness of our soldier…
how is tax reform helping every day americans get ahead  check out to learn more
  repcurbelo is proud to see  keysschools leading the way in innovative school safety solutions  there s still a lo…
even the  nytimes agrees   nine years into an economic expansion  jobs reports don t get much better than this  
as the former readiness subcommittee chairman  i m painfully aware that readiness is composed of two major componen…
a behind the scenes look as i arrive for  sotu    potus will be here within the hour  stay tuned 
for more information on the federal opportunity zones  please visit more information on th…
if we as a society legally say that life ends when the heart stopped beating  the least we can do is say life certa…
congratulations to congressman jim bridenstine from the great state of oklahoma on his confirmation as the nasa adm…
there s nothing like maine s world famous aroostook county potatoes  it was great sitting down w/ members of…
today  the house passed several bills to protect our nation s law enforcement officers who put their lives on the l…
thank you so much to everyone in our ag community for everything you do for our great state  happy ag day  you are…
thanks everyone for coming out to this morning s practice  the annual congressional baseball game is about coming t…
sad to learn of the passing of houston city councilman larry green  his family is in my thoughts and prayers during this time 
n j  congressman leonard lance visits dvrhs  congressman leonard lance outlined his position on school safety and…
  senatedems have some major explaining to do to everyday americans across this nation  schumer shutdown
yesterday congressional app challenge winner for tx-21  peter chacko  shared with me the latest updates to his app …
proud to join  tedcruz and refinery workers today to show the country just how important fixing the broken rins sys…
my full statement on  potus pick to appoint omb director mulvaney as acting director of  cfpb 
rt  waysandmeansgop  icymi   repandybarr lauds tax reform in visit with local business owners   comments on the tax act were overwhelmingly…
this morning our rules committee family received heartbreaking news about the passing of our dear friend and colle…
this ends today  the house will soon take action on a pair of bipartisan initiatives that will be the biggest and b…
what a privilege it was to attend president trump s first  sotu  address as he outlined his strategic vision to buil…
happening tomorrow  water subcommittee roundtable in coos bay  oregon  the event starts at 10 30am pst at the coos…
today i received the  spirit of enterprise award  from  uschamber for my 2017 voting record  proud to back tax refo…
as parents  we know every child is unique  that s why our kids should have the opportunity to choose the type of ed…
a very special thanks to  barbstantonav for being our mistress of ceremonies on friday for my  heroes of the 8th  ceremony   ca08 
wishing you and your family a blessed easter 
today i voted for bipartisan legislation that creates a grant program to train students  teachers  school officials…
my home state of texas leads all states when it comes to importing steel and aluminum products  so this is a big deal that could hurt texas 
this new report from treasury does that  it ends overregulation & judges companies by the potential risks of their behavior and activities 
icymi during sub oversight hearing  we continued our work to find effective ways to respond to the opioid crisis 
as a member of the congressional diabetes caucus  rep  simpson has been an advocate for the special diabetes program  world diabetes day
be sure to check your check and learn more about how tax reform helps you at
very proud my bipartisan bill to repeal the  ipab  passed the house on a 307 to 111 vote today 
 after footing the bill for the costliest bailout in history  taxpayers are sick and tired of getting ripped off by…
today   4 00 i am hosting a town hall meeting at wicomico high school in salisbury  i hope to see you there  more i…
at 3 pm  the legislative branch subcommittee wraps up its budget hearings with a hearing on the fy19 budget for the…
rt  foxbusiness    repkevinbrady on democrats calling tax cuts  crumbs    i think they are being proved wrong every day back home  
earlier this week at a  waysandmeansgop hearing with  ustraderep   repcurbelo urged him and the administration to p…
it was a treat to have these folks stop by the office today  pictured left to right are chris …
today is an exciting day for hardworking americans  the house will vote on tax cutsand jobs act — getting us one step…
law enforcement witnesses at this hearing agree that authorities at all levels need to work together to fight this…
rt  ihif1  great to participate today in evansville with  replarrybucshon and  hoosierswfh  thanks  southwestin for hosting 
seventy-six years ago today 2 403 men and women lost their lives in the attack on pearl harbor  today we remember…
the power to tax is the power to destroy  californians shouldn t have to pay more at the pump because dems in sacra…
hearing from  gkcchamber  kcchambergov group this morning  discussing the economy  workforce challenges  tax reform…
 martyalen  theblondesestra wrong  the level of discourtesy & obnoxious name calling by the lib/left cry babies is unprecedented 
the  financialcmte hearing considering my foster care housing bill is underway  tune in here 
i always love stopping by uwharrie mercantile while i m in troy  and this time they let me get behind the counter …
pleased to announce an exciting partnership between central high school and rainham mark grammar school  this is an…
rt  vp  later today i ll be in wi where 28k workers have gotten a raise or bonus in the past 4 months thanks to  potus   speakerryan & all…
congrats to  in05   smshawks 8th grader evan bourdon for earning a position on in s national junior high rodeo team…
happy mothers day to my wife sue and all the amazing moms out there  thank for you all the things  big and small  t…
spoke at the  awakeamerica event in the u s capitol on the importance of bringing back the great faith of our forefa…
rt  whitehouse  small businesses are responsible for a significant portion of u s  economic activity and are vital asset to the economy  mo…
rt  cspan    secnielsen testifies before  houseappropsgop – live online here 
congrats to  potus trump for pulverizing loud mouth self promoter bannon  time for bannon to disappear or find work in a circus 
rt  jdrfadvocacy  with tremendous leadership of  senatorcollins  senatorshaheen  reptomreed  repdianadegette  co-chairs of sen  & congressi…
taking away the second amendment rights of law-abiding americans is not the answer--but that doesn t mean we should…
today we celebrate american business women s day in honor of the countless contributions of women in biz
rt  partnershipnts  thanks for your support of the  lwcf    repryanzinke 
rt  phildstewart  u s  treasury s  stevenmnuchin1 says reviewing licenses for  boeing and  airbus to sell to iran
rt  cgrisales  house armed services chair  mactxpress unveiled his proposal friday for a massive defense policy plan that endorses the pres…
tomorrow is tax day  it s also the last time you will have to file your taxes under a 32-year-old tax code that is…
enjoyed my visit with marvin and donna this week  they were in town with the alabama pta 
live  the subcommittee on interior  energy  and the environment examines the u s  army corps of engineers | chaire…
and soon in february-- no matter who you work for-- the vast majority of american wage-earners will receive bigger paychecks 
i believe our most effective path forward is one that safeguards our schools from becoming  soft targets   or areas…
today i met with bianca  a youth ambassador for  touretteassn from north texas  thanks for coming in and sharing yo…
rt  calebjsmith  as  speakerryan said this morning  he intends to  run through the tape   so his day continues with his regular schedule fu…
at a hasc hearing today talking about the f35 program followed by a hfac hearing discussing the threats iran pose…
rt  houseagnews  tune in   10am et to see house ag hold its committee markup on h r  2 2018 farm bill  farmbill  sn… 
 youtube  march_for_life
 repdougcollins is about to manage the rule for h r  3003 - no sanctuary for criminals act  watch the  housefloor live on  cspan 
rt  tppatriots    repsanfordsc introduces the penny plan as a simple  straightforward plan to balance federal budget in five years
on this day in 1867  congress approves the lincoln memorial  cc   natlparkservice
live on  newday  tune in as we discuss  sotu 
i applaud the house tonight for voting for a short-term funding bill to avoid a government shutdown tomorrow  provi…
tomorrow at 1 30pm → a subcommittee hearing on  reviewing the policies and priorities of the mine safety and health…
rt  djtabish  glacier park launches new bike shuttle service free service will operate seven days a week
rt  jasonhatkowski  congressman fred upton wearing the home depot apron from the portage  mi store  great job to  buzzsweetpaula for the d…
when father conroy ultimately does decide to leave his post  the house should replace him with a military chaplain …
rt  foxbusiness    replouiegohmert on government spending bill   we re either going to start doing spending bills appropriately and forcing…
tune in  chairman  mactxpress joins  foxnews to talk north korea iran deal ndaa fy19ndaa - watch now 
i spoke in favor of renewing the chip program & ensuring community health centers receive the funding they need 
president obama had a responsibility to build a consensus on the iran nuclear deal before moving forward with the a…
rt  usenergyassn  looking forward to seeing d c  energy reporters at tomorrow s congressional breakfast series  our inaugural guest   repbi…
today we reflect on a tragic time in our world s history  we remember the more than six million jews  roma  poles a…
rt  mariettatimes  updated county road closures 
rt  freedomworks  watch now   repmcclintock discusses the  republicanstudy s proposed budget and how it could get government spending unde…
tonight  my legislation which will make mobile banking more obtainable for all americans  passed through the house …
🤔 given the actions already taken  surely the facts have already been well established 
rt  nasa  today  n a s a remembers and pays tribute to the crews of apollo 1 and space shuttles challenger and columbia  as well as other coll…
we have another busy week ahead in the house  take a look at the voting schedule  which includes two of my bills 
had a great meeting with  potus today  my colleagues and i were pleased to hear from him shortly before we passed h…
 equal4_america  balochdaaim  statedept so u think supporting freedom 4 baloch people from corrupt & repressive pak must b
as a veteran & father of a decorated navy seal  i applaud  potus for continuing to make our veterans a top priorit…
this week  the house will be voting on legislation covering a range of topics from natural resources to the irs  fo…
the united states should also transfer surplus military equipment to be used by our national guard and border se…
tune in now to the  transport subcomitte on highways and transit hearing as we discuss long-term funding solutions …
clearing up some misconceptions about tax reform in this week s column  read it here 
currently seeking interns in my  dc  office for summer2016  application deadline march 11 
rt  greenvilledn  congressman  repmoolenaar tours  parkerhannifin facility in lakeview  20  montcalmcc nursing students graduate  voters t…
to the men & women who wear the blue uniform in service & protection of south jersey communities & those across the…
happening now  join us for our seventh  va05  interactive town hall meeting of 2018  dial  877  229-8493 and enter p…
rt  realdonaldtrump  thank you to all of the american workers who travelled here today  this event is dedicated to you  the hardworking ame…
on the anniversary of the murder of trooper werner foerster  i am reminded of the deep sacrifices our law enforceme…
what a difference trump is making  remember october 2013  obama & reid said they would not negotiate with republica…
rt  whitehouse  across the country  companies are using president trump s tax cuts to invest in american workers with bonuses  higher wages…
another tax reform win for california   broadcom is moving back to the u s  and investing  6 billion annually in ma…
rt  natresources    robwittman   repwebster and  repgarretgraves have led the charge to modernize outdated fishing regulations through the…
the committee continues its work on fy19 funding bills at 1 30 pm with the subcommittee markup of the legislative b…
tonight  we ll hear from the president – and hopefully he wants to work with us to find solutions 
started am at pennsylvania state letter carriers  usps  congressional breakfast  neither snow nor rain nor heat nor…
proud to support the establishment of a  great lakes week  in an effort to promote clean water  a healthy green bay…
important mtg on blight removal in ebr  councilmembers  community leaders and stakeholders discuss eliminating blig…
  mrsb1stgraders thanks for your question  ask buddy
today  more than five decades after the reunification of jerusalem  this holy city will be home to our embassy  thi…
this is ironic  because no one designed an american foreign policy more reckless and irresponsible than the one the…
happening now  the  houseappropsgop lhhs subcommittee holds a hearing on  hhsgov s biodefense budget for fy19 
november is military family month  our soldiers and their families are such a special part of the  tx31  community  w…
when america leads with strength  we get results  i applaud president  realdonaldtrump and  secpompeo for bringing…
in november  the house passed a bill i introduced to do just that  & now it s time for the senate to act  learn mor…
the acting director of the  cfpb  answers my questions about the considerable power and overreach of an agency that…
rt  flgovscott  thank you to the brave first responders throughout the state committed to helping families before  during & following hurri…
this morning i was glad to hear the leader of our oldest ally pay tribute to our nations  enduring friendship  by s…
rt  stevescalise  more great economic news in the wake of the tax cuts and jobs act  as  wsj reports that us jobless claims fell to a 48-year…
 sirjohnnystone  march_for_life i ve been a strong advocate for chip funding and voted for legislation that passed…
happening now  i am hosting a hearing in  natresources to discuss the future of the navajo generating station and i…
rt  interior  the somber black walls of the vietnam veterans memorial bear the names of 58 318 americans who lost their lives in the confli…
  drphilroe statement on  potus  call to pass veterans health care legislation 
rt  brentlsaunders  cutting tax rates isn t a partisan issue  we need a competitive tax code that drives growth 
raúl castro sigue siendo jefe del único partido  legal  y las fuerzas armadas  su yerno sigue siendo jefe de la eco…
today  the house took a major step forward to better protect our children with the passage of the…
support is growing for my bipartisan shark fin sales ban  thank you  natresources &  replamborn for inviting me tod…
met w/ bakcollege teachers to discuss  energizing humanities in cas san joaquin valley  project – made possible w/g…
loved sitting down with locally elected school board members from  mn02  to discuss various ways to improve our chil…
as a surgeon  it is concerning to hear about problems of vets seeking the care they have earned and being denied by…
reminder  for high school students wanting to submit artwork for this year s congressional art competition  the dea…
rt  housegop  democrat elites like  nancypelosi  are misleading the american people  it s time for this to stop 
rt  thehillbaseball  game ball signed by matt mika cleareyesfullheartscantlose
today we remember the lives lost on december 7  1941 – a date which will live in infamy – when our nation was attac…
this week as we celebrate national police week  please join me in thanking all of our law enforcement officers in…
i m proud that language from a bill i sponsored to ensure flags-of-convenience cannot threaten the u s  airline ind…
rt  wsjm  upton pushes for non-addictive painkiller development
we are now considering h r  3528  every prescription conveyed securely act find all bills from today s full cmte m…
 if you like your health plan  you can keep it   no  president obama – millions are losing their plans  we must fix the failed obamacare 
 otd  in 1895  texas icon  howard edward butt  was born  breakthrough  heb in 1926 is now 350  stores w/100 000  partners  true texas legend
rt  rephartzler  3 days until the house votes on the born-alive abortion survivors protection act  this bill requires physicians to care fo…
rt  kssorghum  congressman marshall talks trade and farm bill with farmers around colwich  ks  thanks for coming to kansas grain sorghum hq…
happy military appreciation month  l m so thankful for all the brave men and women who serve and protect our nation 
when america needs a workhorse  they turn to ellsworth air force base s b-1 combat wing  colonel edwards delivered…
rt  vp  thanks to rex tillerson for his service to our administration and nation & i congratulate cia director mike pompeo on his nominatio…
i stand w/  nifla & pro life pregnancy centers that work hard everyday to help expecting mothers & their babies  no…
multitasking at its best  headed from rayburn back to ag in longworth while doing an interview…
rt  popularpups  when the floor is hot lava but your human needs you     
rt  housegop  this is the last time you ll have to file your taxes with this out-of-date  no-good tax code  who else is excited to turn the…
rt  housecommerce  e&c leaders full cmte chairman  repgregwalden  sub oversight chairman  greggharper  and sub health chairman  michaelcbur…
rt  sifmafoundation  we appreciate  repsmucker for ending week 1 of  flm18  on a high note by visiting our capitolhillchallenge team from  …
as americans  there is more that unites us than divides us  we are  one nation under god    sotu 
icymi — last friday my staff & i were selected as finalists for the 2018 democracy award for constituent service by…
i just voted for the iran terror finance transparency act  read more about why here   ca08 
  realdonaldtrump s decision to move the u s  embassy in israel to jerusalem reaffirms our commitment to stand with…
at 2 00pm  the economic opportunity subcommittee will assess va s transition assistance program  tune in 
rt  cspan    secshulkin   i do recognize the optics of this are not good  i accept responsibility for that     repmikecoffman   it s not t…
last night  i voted to keep the government open & extend child health insurance for 6 years for 88 kids in grant co…
my thoughts & prayers are w/ the bush family as they mourn the loss of a wife  mother  grandmother  great-grandmoth…
best bluegrass and barbecue in bartow  fl17 
on holocaust remembrance day  we remember those who lost their lives at the hands of nazis and the strength of the…
my only wish and motivation is to see that our nation s veterans get the care they have earned for risking life an…
yesterday i sat down with  joenegronfl and other state and federal leaders to discuss how we can work together to g…
i am proud to stand by our friends in israel and to follow up on president trump s historic recognition of jerusal…
the bipartisan spending deal made the largest investment to date to fight the opioid epidemic  and included provisi…
senator schumer objected to and stopped a 10pm vote to end the shutdown  he owns this  schumer shutdown goes into day 3
in a nation that s increasingly divided  i m proud to represent utah  a state that serves as an example of what we…
the navy did the right thing 
check out  kearneyhub article on my amendments to the faa reauthorization bill  which passed the house this week  c…
celebrating with our sw wa crab fishermen after  potus signed my bipartisan bill to provide a permanent solution to manage dungeness crab 
our proposal is straightforward  able-bodied adults should work or participate in job training programs in order to…
incredible news  jobless claims hit lowest level in 45 years  more hardworking americans are finding jobs & our na…
rt  yestongs    markfinchem testifying before congress  economic fallout would surely occur if ngs shuts down decades early
did you know that april is the month of the military child  this is a time to honor the sacrifices made by our mil…
i ve called on secretary mattis to conduct a comprehensive review to ensure other lapses similar to the devin kelle…
americans rightfully expect that when they apply for benefits  if they are eligible  that they will receive them quickly 
rt  ap  breaking  state dept  says  400 million cash payment to iran was contingent on american prisoners  release 
i m proud the house & senate passed my bill to strengthen our country s commitment to severe weather forecasting…
rt  housegop  happy birthday  reagan  we hope you like your  early  birthday present  tax cutsand jobs act 
life  no matter the circumstances  is something to be keenly cherished & passionately defended  looking forward to…
rt  amerfoundrysoc  representative  peterroskam  tax reform leader  visiting afs hq today  it was great to hear his policy perspectives  p…
great time at the great lakes fruit  vegetable & farm market expo in grand rapids 
the bipartisan budget act will provide  oswegohealth with  1 4 million in stable funding to provide care --&gt 
i look forward to presenting medals to these outstanding veterans later this morning 
rt  housescience  watch live  mentoring  training  and apprenticeships for  stem  education and careers
cotton is still king in texas  in case you missed it  you can read my joint op-ed with  johncornyn on cotton s impo…
to the men and women in law enforcement who serve and protect us every day  thank you 
on this day 110 years ago  the  usarmyreserve was created  today they are mobilized in every state  five u s  terri…
we are more than five years into the current six-year commissioner term  i asked valerie brannon w/ congressional r…
may is national foster care month  this congress  the house has passed several bipartisan measures to improve foster…
rt  rulesreps  at 5 pm the committee will start the hearing on the faa reauthorization act and h r  3144  watch tonight s hearing live here…
rt  reppittenger  our nation s veterans have fought to protect our freedoms   replamalfa joins me in thanking them by supporting ptsd semip…
i enjoyed my visit to boys & girls club of el dorado today  this wonderful org has served more than 5 600 kids & is…
  lelandshow and i discussed french president macron s speech to congress last week and why we should all be thankf…
50 years ago today  robert kennedy embraced indianapolis with words of healing and unity after the assassination of…
look forward to serving as vice chairman of  housescience as we work to promote sound science & accountable govt…
rt  reppeteolson  it s small business week  our  tx22  small businesses are the backbone of our local economy  providing important goods & se…
have a 401 k   tax reform is working for you  learn how stock buybacks are good news for the more than 50% of ameri…
 hurricanes irma and maria brought down all but eight utility poles in the territory – all eight of which were comp…
🤦‍♂️
the american people are tired of the same old political games from senate dems  their reckless filibustering forced…
rt  sbagov  tax day is on april 17  your business structure and location will influence which taxes your business has to pay  check out sba…
rt  sifmafoundation  thank you  repwesterman for engaging with the  armathsciarts students in our capitol hill challenge  we appreciate your…
on floor to observe february as american heart month addressing awareness of our nation s 1 killer heart disease heart month2018
i stopped by  okcfox last week to discuss the forthcoming report on the ambush on our troops in niger last fall 
today at 2 30pm edt   vp pence will swear in jim bridenstine as the new  nasa administrator  they will then speak t…
honored to receive this award from  60plusassoc for my commitment to protect social security and medicare for our n…
today  repmaloney & i met with leaders from women s professional organizations to recruit more allies for our bill…
rt  knssradio    seanhannity investigative reporter   saracarterdc and freedom caucus  rep   jim_jordan detail the release of the schiff m…
the 2018 congressional art competition is underway  and we have some incredible young artists in  oh15   head to m…
appreciate the opportunity to work together on bringing rural broadband to north dakota 
rt  foxnews  border patrol agents have concerns over california s sanctuary city policy
the 2018 congressional art competition is here  be sure to check out complete information on how to participate and…
today s equifax hearing provided important insight into what went wrong and how we can better protect consumers 
welcome back  it is so good to see you again  i will keep praying for you and i hope we can be together again on a…
100 days is an artificial measurement  despite liberal claims president trump has underachieved  his record offers conflicting evidence 
it s irresponsible and reckless for senate democrats to hold our heroes and our kids hostage  fund the government now 
sunday afternoon crop tour checking out the baby 🌽🌽 corn 🌽🌽 which has just come up  looks like a good stand  long…
happy mother s day to all - especially my mom  i love you  mothers day i love my mom
last night i called more than 14 000 homes in the 26th district to hear your ideas on tax reform & other important…
winning  the 2017 federal register contained 61 308 pages  the lowest count since 1993 and a 36 percent drop from…
i see by my critics that billy graham s & jesus  work isn t yet done 
additionally  my washington & mays landing offices will open during normal business hours though with reduced staff…
under president  realdonaldtrump  america is strong again on the world stage  great to join  ingrahamangle to discu…
praying for everyone affected by the tragedy in las vegas  i m thankful for the bravery of the first responders and good samaritans 
brave me & women and their families sacrifice every day to help protect us  on behalf of all you utah s we are grateful for their sacrifice
a dangerous loophole exists on our nation s military bases that allows young people to escape punishment for crimi…
rt  edworkforce  watch  repwalberg deliver his opening remarks at the start of today s subcommittee hearing on retirement security ↓
rt  waysandmeansgop  icymi   repadriansmith joined  aei to discuss ways congress can find and offer solutions to address poverty and help m…
it s not every day a two-time olympic gold medalist – and central oregon native – stops by my office  great to see…
cocoa beach post office to be named the  richard k  salick post office   kellyslater
rt  bizroundtable  as a result of tax reform   boeing has announced  300m in new investments to help its employees  operations and communit…
rt  anca_dc  armenian americans join armenians worldwide in mourning the passing of george deukmejian  89  - our nation s first and only go…
heartbreaking news coming out of  nyc   the resolve of our great nation will not falter in the face of unconscionable evil 
thank you  secretaryacosta for your insightful answer in response to my question about workforcedevelopment from t…
glad i was able to catch these students from griswold high school yesterday during their visit to the capitol 
number of days since the house of representatives sent the senate all twelve appropriations bills funding the gover…
barbara bush lived a full life devoted to her faith  family  and country  she served our country with strength and…
the media won t tell you just how productive the house has been  take a look at these stats    -745 bills passed o…
rt  joplinglobe  mort walker  the creator of  beetle bailey   and his comics were honored thursday during an anniversary celebration at  cr…
check out this week s  housefloor schedule 
rt  houseagnews    conawaytx11 on getting  snap  policy right  it s about helping every citizen realize the american dream by modernizing a…
on religious freedom day we recognize the right of all americans to live out their faith  as your rep  in congress …
fy19 energy and water bill provides  44 7 billion   1 5 billion above current levels  for  energy   usacehq  water…
about to join  bwilliams on the  11thhour  tune in 
 joesonka search for  macron militarism  and limit searches to past week  also  ap story after the speech uses  mi…
sent ok delegation letter to dhs today seeking clarification about upcoming real id deadlines
2017 was a big year for  housegop  we passed 477 bills  including the tax cutsand jobs act and the c h o i c e act to help…
while i believe americans are overtaxed and need relief  i must vote  no  this week on the tax bill  h r  1  becaus…
any negotiations with cuba must address four very important issues   1  property rights and the rule of law  2  na…
rt  hcfcd  news alert  moderate flooding along the west fork of san jacinto river  conditions will peak this evening and will remain floode…
hr1106 will streamline small land transfers for local priorities that currently take more than a decade to complete
however  ferc is preventing this transfer from happening  meaning woodland may have to remove the dam  which would…
rt  springfieldnl  on 112-year anniversary of springfield lynchings  memorial for victims is planned
rt  repjackbergman  in case you missed it  yesterday i introduced bipartisan legislation with  repscottpeters  repjimbanks and  drnealdunnf…
a new tax code deserves a new irs  so  housegop took action last week on more than a dozen solutions to rebuild tru…
this is a substantial development  and i join the rest of america in wishing them a safe return back to the united…
this morning s joint hearing on homelessness will begin at 10 00  stream it here 
i m holding a telephone town hall tonight at 5 55 pm ct  to join  sign up here →
had the opportunity to meet with our local dentists and dental students to discuss the role that they are taking on…
thank you for trusting me over the last 25  years  sonia  happy valentine s day  i love you with my whole heart 
4  did the fbi validate and corroborate the dossier 
today  i voted to end years of devastation to our military  read more here 
today and every day  we honor our vietnam veterans  to these heroes  thank you for answering the call  and to their…
today  the house votes to provide former military members with better mental health care   hr918 
and good luck to dawn staley and the usc women s basketball team  perennial power 
rt  edenprairiepd  several crashes on hwy  5 and hwy  212  especially near the split  it may be best to avoid the area  if possible  please…
the constitutional rights of law-abiding gun owners in north texas don t end when they travel across state lines …
i signed onto a letter to house leadership asking that right to try legislation be brought to the house floor for a…
another reminder for students- congressional app challenge closes nov  1 - submit your app soon 
rt  houseappropsgop  read chairman  usreprodney s full floor statement on the emergency supplemental here 
rt  kyskrusaders   rephartzler thank you for caring about me and for joining the arthitis caucus   thank you jordan cox for a great meeting…
and another    tax reform
let s make it a good one please   
proud to vote today for the s t o p school violence act - bipartisan legislation that addresses flaws in the system that…
rt  stevescalise  the bad news → today is tax day 👎 the good news → this is the last time americans have to file their taxes under the old…
my new bill  the opioid emergency response act  was endorsed today by hospital officials  mental health experts  sh…
law enforcement personnel across this country go to work every day to serve and protect our communities  these brav…
 icymi  
on or s plan to toll i-5/205  maybe it s easy for the well-off to change their driving times  but most hardworking…
rt  waysandmeansgop  the irs website malfunction this tax day was a perfect example of the frustration americans have with the agency  the…
rt  jefflindner1  flooding on the west fork of the san jacinto river at the west side of the us 59 north side u turn houwx hounews
happy veterans day
interested in seeing some artwork by some of our area s most talented young artists  contestants for the 3rd congre…
our prayers are with the family of congresswoman louise slaughter today 
teachers  apply by 3/1 to attend a free  nehgov summer professional development program  there are sites across the…
my statement on the announcement of rex tillerson s departure as secretary of state 
we must continue working together to combat the current prescription drug and opioid crisis  take back day  ar2 
rt  speakerryan  retweet if you agree → our men and women in uniform deserve a pay raise  this week  the house votes to give them their big…
rt  repkristinoem  3 of 31 reasons4 tax reform  you deserve to keep more of your paycheck 
president  emmanuelmacron of the french republic is addressing a joint meeting of congress  🇺🇸🇫🇷
 us carbon emissions today remain lower than the level that would have been mandated by the waxman markey legislati…
this is an important diplomatic accomplishment by  potus and  secpompeo  i look forward to the return of these thre…
rt  raul_labrador  today   republicanstudy - an influential group of more than 150 house republicans – endorsed the securing america s futu…
rep  sensenbrenner supports balanced budget amendment 
the arkansas egg was on display at this morning s white house easter egg roll 
joined mayor ritter to raise awareness at the chatham out of the darkness suicide prevention walk 
in agreement w/  mwtnews  while overdue  this legislation is a great thing 
it is an exciting time for blockchain technology and government needs to step aside for innovation to flourish  tha…
need help navigating a federal agency or program  my staff will be holding office hours in mc intosh  citronelle …
  virginiafoxx &  drphilroe issued statements praising the ruling to vacate the obama-era fiduciary rule  a regulat…
overregulation stifles innovation  burdens businesses and prevents growth  unfortunately  these regulations have hi…
congressman harper questions facebook ceo mark zuckerberg  via  youtube
billy graham was not a great man because of his worldwide fame  or because he counseled presidents  or because of t…
rt  westerncaucus  excellent briefing yesterday on forestry issues with the  tontoforest and  nature_arizona  special thank you to our host…
good luck and happy opening day to our world series champion  astros  houston earn history
sorry i missed the schlosser family from apple valley today  i hope you guys had a great time   ca08 
  financialcmte held a hearing last week on my bipartisan bill with  repbeatty  the state insurance regulation pres…
today at 12 15pm central will join  outnumberedot to discuss the  doj  mueller etc  tune in to  foxnews this afternoon 
watch the joint meeting of congress with french president  emmanuelmacron live here 
rt  restaurantsact    calrestaurants fresno chapter board members engaged with  repdavidvaladao on a number of issues affecting the restaur…
great to be with missouri cadets  af_academy & catch up with carl loida and leslie  paige  fallert from ste  genevi…
rt  tgowdysc  as i have said repeatedly  i also remain 100 percent confident in special counsel robert mueller  the contents of this memo d…
families across america have to balance their budget  and it s time washington does the same 
rt  repadriansmith  this week s column reviews our efforts in  waysandmeansgop to make the irs more efficient and customer-friendly 
the iran deal was dangerously one-sided and flawed from the start  and a new one should be negotiated  for the sake…
icymi  i joined  teamcavuto yesterday to discuss the conference committee s efforts on tax reform 
i am excited to participate in the grand opening ceremonies on monday  the dillon inland port will be an economic e…
with indiana s strong economic climate  local businesses like  lebermuth in south bend are hiring more hoosiers  dr…
i did my part to take unused prescription drugs out of the medicine cabinet and into the hands of law enforcement a…
the discussion draft  fda opioid sparing  has been reported to the full cmte by voice vote 
yesterday  i held a dairy roundtable in clinton county to discuss solutions for the crisis currently being faced by…
this week  the house passed the stop school violence act to help protect america s schools from the threat of viole…
in 1952  congress enacted the national day of prayer as an annual occasion when we are invited  to turn to god in p…
rt  houseappropsgop  chairman  usreprodney commends house passage of all 12 appropriations on time and on budget 
happy to present wolfson children s hospital with the check for my salary during the government shutdown  thanks fo…
happy easter to all who are celebrating today  wishing you much joy and happiness with your loved ones 
they re great guys and serve us well  proud to represent a major portion ofsan bernardino county   ca08 
rt  mercuryx  costello  rice introduce bill to protect victims of domestic abuse
celebrated veterans day at alpine wall of honor this morning  as we thank vets and their families for their sacrif…
  kenjoz thanks for your question  ask buddy
 employees feel free to bring their whole selves to work & respect the differences of others   google g o p future
welcome home kim dong chul  kim hak song and tony kim  working with  potus and his administration  this congress ha…
martin luther king jr  was a trailblazer  a fierce advocate for equality before the law  a gifted orator  and a ste…
i strongly encourage the trump administration to turn off the title x funding stream for planned parenthood  there…
joining  tonykatz on  93wibc around 7 45 this morning to talk tax cuts  tune in 
it s been 78 days since the house sent our 12 appropriations bills to the senate  now the senate must act  no more…
  repsinema & i introduced an active cyber defense bill   acdc   congress should send to  potus  it gives americans…
on this day in 1786  the virginia general assembly passed the virginia statute for religious freedom  laying the gr…
rt  ctatech    susanwbrooks talks about how technology shouldn t leave anyone behind  encourages everyone to make sure that all states are…
our thoughts are also with the emergency & medical teams who were called in response to this tragedy  2/2
rt  housegop  roses are red violets are blue a bonus is great and tax cuts are  too  valentines day
yesterday marked the 1 year anniversary of the sevier county wildfires  i m grateful for the fire fighters & first…
our military truly trains the best of the world  although still tragic  capt  tammie jo shults  a former  usnavy fi…
should the tax-exempt status of the  nfl be revoked in response to players refusing to stand during the national anthem  sayfie
the house just passed my bill that will promote risk-based regulation for banks  read more here 
rt  9and10news  congressman moolenaar presented stephen kanachki and michael wilson with military service medals in roscommon co
hello  marklevinshow  the national right to life committee  nrlc is working against 129 pro-life groups/leaders to…
today marks the last time taxpayers have to deal with the old  broken tax code  because of the tax cutsand jobs act t…
1 samuel 13 13 samuel said to saul   you have acted foolishly  you have not kept the commandments of the lord your…
rt  waysandmeansgop  did you know tax cuts and jobs act tax reform tax cuts
i m still a  no  on the tax plan because as is it ll leave too many in my district facing higher taxes  but i wan…
rt  heidischlicher  thank you  robwittman for joining  vctacable at the vacableshow  among many other things  you are virginia s broadband…
we ll be considering hr 4568 today and tomorrow in  natresources  clearing regulatory hurdles and boosting explorat…
 composites are increasingly being recognized as cost-effective structural materials of high strength  high stiffne…
tune in ➡️ i m live with  newsradioklbj to discuss my recent trip to iraq and kuwait
had a great conversation with  aedsocial about the importance of career and technical education  why c t e
honored to attend the pearland national day of prayer breakfast this morning  today & every day we pray for america…
rt  82ndabndiv   you  the 82nd airborne division  must be ready to fight in any place on earth  in any condition imaginable  at any time  …
the pro-growth  pro-family tax cutsand jobs act is improving the lives of families  workers  and small business owner…
i m saddened to learn of the passing of reverend bill graham  rev  graham touched millions of people by spreading c…
i would like to welcome my good friend   stevescalise  back to work  great to have you back 
bun b  rek and i walk into the studio    g r a m m ysonthe hill
rt  agritalk  getting ready to go live with agri talk  today   chipflory talks with dr  oliver peoples from yield10 bioscience about crispe…
we will never forget 
rt  foxnewsopinion    tedcruz   senmikelee   repmarkmeadows   jim_jordan  we must end the obamacare bailout now
nothing better than friday night lights in  tx14     congrats   neddogs on the incredible win at mid county madness …
i had a fun visit with students at horton high school who are competing with schools across the country in the sifm…
following the horrific shooting in florida  i met with  westgeneseecsd students and  cbrownwgcsd for a discussion o…
fun fact  e&c reported the nuclear waste policy amendments act to the full house back in june of 2017 with a bipartisan vote of 49-4 
  potus funding bill puts america first & georgia first  a key part of the president s make america great again plan…
this saturday is national drug take back day -- sites across minnesota will be accepting unneeded prescription medi…
happy birthday to my colleague from mi   repdavetrott  and nj   reptommacarthur 
happening now —&gt  watch the  conversations livestream here   cwc 
new year  new tax code → main street job creators will see historic new tax relief to help them succeed and grow  t…
i am proud to have worked in a bipartisan capacity with  senjohnmccain  senatorleahy  repmikequigley as well as lib…
hurricane harvey if you re interested in finding out more about relief efforts or how you can help please visit …
it was an honor to meet malala yousafzai on monday during her visit to washington  dc to…
for more information on the military academy appointment process go here 
on this day in 1845  joseph francis patents what would become the stamped corrugated sheet-iron lifeboat 
today we welcome a new vessel to the uscg fleet patrolling the nc coastline  the cg cutter richard snyder will be t…
i agree with  potus  we need to renegotiate a transparent agreement that prioritizes our nation s safety and securi…
maybe the best place to start is by setting an example for younger generations  through both limiting our screen ti…
the iran deal is a disaster  president trump is right to withdraw from the failed agreement and i applaud his stren…
i am deeply concerned by this report  if the allegations are true  china should face consequences  maybe inste…
my short speech in response to the french president s address to a joint session of congress 
the committee welcomes jason grumet the president of the  bpc_bipartisan to share his views on congressionally directed spending 
exciting opportunity  unl is offering free workshops  which are being held for those interested in protecting habit…
in this month s terror threat snapshot  isis continues to pose a threat at home and abroad  read the full report →…
rt  repbrianbabin  congress is taking another important step today to secure america s leadership in space  as i wrote for  spacenews_inc…
this national park week check out one of the three national parks in  az04   grand canyon n  lake mead nra  pipe spri…
  usrepgarypalmer  make no mistake— our fellow americans deserve a helping hand in times of hardship  but waste and…
great to have the  missourichamber supporting our missouri businesses for the last 95 years 
we will never forget the lives lost  nor the selfless actions of first responders who stepped up amidst the tragedy 
thankful today for senate passage of  fosta   which will make it easier to prosecute online sex trafficking  thank y…
at the athena awards ceremony today in evansville  congrats to chris ryan  ceo of the women s hospital on being th…
joining  lizclaman &  repderekkilmer on  foxbusiness at 3 05 pm et  12 05 pm pt  to discuss the bipartisan working group & healthcare
cynthia and i are safe and unharmed  our thoughts and prayers are with those injured by today s tragic train crash 
rt  housegop  fact → the tax cuts & jobs act helps americans in every stage of life  1182more
now ➡️ with  speakerryan signing the supplemental to assist texas  florida & puerto rico in hurricane recovery 
while i understand president trump s desire to protect u s  businesses  i believe the new proposed broad-based tari…
rt  stevescalise  the small business optimism index just hit a 35-year high 
donald trump doesn t have a vote in congress  chuck schumer and senate democrats do  dems own the schumer shutdown
iranian aggression against israel  our great ally  only confirms that withdrawing from the iran deal was prudent …
rt  covnews    congressmanhice says bill will mean smarter deployment of air marshals and keep the sky safer for us all 
rt  repjudychu  i m so excited to be honored by  grammyadvocacy tonight with my friend and co-chair of  respectcreators  repdougcollins   w…
agriculture is a utah economic powerhouse= generate  21 billion  in economicoutput   govherbert declared may 7…
joining  msnbc live with  alexwitt now to discuss north korea  tune in 
 kacie_kellfire hi kacie - we do our best to let all  ok  veterans know about our events  my staff is holding veter…
thrilled to participate in a u s  service academy signing ceremony for robert  bobby  hatfield at lake oconee acade…
tax reform is working for main street  the tax cuts americans received will create mountains of opportunity to help…
the bill is passed  the house just voted to pass the taxpayer first act which included my bill  the irs fast act  final vote was 414-0 ia03
rt  housegop  on the floor → a bill that is critical to the safety and security of communities all over america  because citizens have the…
good news from tax reform keeps rolling in
rt  drphilroe  today is pearl harbor remembrance day  join me in remembering the lives lost and honoring the patriots  both past and presen…
rt  repleezeldin  joined  sunysflk  nccc   reppeteking & local vets to announce expansion of vetssuccess on campus to long island  this pro…
i m amazed at the people  churches & others stepping up after a tornado hit our community a week ago  today  thousa…
wounded warriors who return to work after recovery shouldn t forfeit their choice of health care  my bill  the hear…
rt  speakerryan  god bless our veterans  and god bless america  🇺🇸
the appropriations signed by the president recently included  4b to support treatment  prevention  education and dr…
introducing the third video in the  personal stories from the opioid crisis  series  now in recovery  devon lives  …
signed this letter urging  ustreasury not to finalize new regulations in haste  the american economy is at stake 
my statement on president trump s decision to withdraw from the iran deal 
he also earned an apology from the  reporter  who disparaged him  look at his work  not his race 
thanks to austin and matt for stopping by to visit with me today - good luck with the rest of your school year at o…
3  the new tax code doubles the child tax credit from  1 000 to  2 000  which helps people all across the country c…
agent joel alexis pantojas-fuente was tragically killed when he was struck by a passing vehicle while assisting a d…
rt  cathymcmorris  after reading the opinion piece in the  washingtonpost about aborting babies with down syndrome  i struggled to put into…
thanks to  jeffcrouere for having me on ringside politics this morning  hear our conversation near 2 31 00 mark
thank you to all the arkansans who stopped by my d c  office this week  safe travels back to the natural state   ar3 
yesterday  sergeant noel ramirez and deputy taylor lindsey were tragically shot and killed while they were enjoying…
spot on →  high-speed rail is about convenience  water is a basic human need  where do i get my  dams not trains  s…
keeping the govt funded & fully operational is one of the most basic functions of congress  regardless of which par…
at this week s coffee with your congressman  i had a few minutes to talk with these students from the iowa associat…
happy 70th independence day to all my jewish friends  may god richly bless you and all your loved ones on this hist…
since 1993  the united states has celebrated religious freedom day on january 16th  this commemoration marks the pa…
rt  galvcountyoem  voluntary evacuation for bolivar peninsula goes into effect friday aug  25 at 8 am
rt  edworkforce   every student in every school deserves an excellent education  - virginiafoxx this week and every week we applaud the ha…
76 years ago today  the u s  naval base at pearl harbor was devastated by a surprise military strike that pushed th…
had a great visit with the idaho rural water association  the issues they address are both complex and crucial for…
in case you missed it  my recent op-ed about protecting the great lakes was in the  mdn over the weekend 
the committee has approved a manager s amendment from  repcharliedent making technical and noncontroversial changes…
over  1 5 billion in bonuses for hard-working americans have been announced since the enactment of the tax cuts and…
rt  stevewafb  current road closures in baton rouge via the office of  mayorbroome
  hurdonthehill  i have three objectives when it comes to ai in government 
the house passed the cr last night  230 of us voted for    ✅ chip funding ✅ tax relief ✅ military ✅ funding our gov…
great to be at the  whitehouse this afternoon celebrating  alabamaftbl s national championship victory with preside…
rt  treebaa  team u s a can beat the opioid epidemic  -  repdavejoyce support4 recovery  thehillevents
what a great group of students  thanks  thetiger_lrch for having me today  i enjoyed visiting with you all about my…
congressional victims  rights awards-2018
rt  outfrontcnn    repryanzinke on general  mad dog  mattis  trump s sec  of def  pick   this is the right guy  at the right time  
arkansas congressional delegation secures  48 million for flood recover  read our statement here …
congrats to spacex for a great historic launch and landing 
i got a chance to speak with  fox19danw and  fox19jessica about the wounded warrior fellowship program  click here…
from my family to yours  merry christmas 
 any democrat who spread this claim should delete their tweets and make clear they were in error   -  washingtonpost
congratulations to katie albrecht from st  paul s in mobile on winning the 2018 congressional art competition  more…
  potus signed 6 financial services committee bills into law during his 1st year  we ll continue to work with the p…
getting ready to join  tuckercarlson  tune in to  foxnews 
rt  sotexas  congratulations to our dear friend   tamu women s basketball  coachgaryblair  what a well-deserved honor from  repbillflores …
rt  robwittman  we must do better for the men and women defending our freedom  properly funding our military has to be a top priority 
rt  austinscottga08  today  house ag passed a substantial policy framework acutely focused on our rural communities  american producers  &…
because of tax reform  mcdonalds is tripling the amount of   workers can get to help pay for college or trade schoo…
ag  jeffsessions is a good man getting some bad advice  there is no basis for him to be recused entirely from all m…
rt  edworkforce  chairwoman  virginiafoxx s statement on resignation of  fafsa official ↓
rt  nlintheusa  all the best to  usembthehague &  usambnl in your new embassy in wassenaar  we look forward to continue the long-lasting re…
rt  repgarretgraves  mid-barataria diversion permit finish line moved up to 2020
power restored to a total of 18 060 customers in indian river county
had the privilege of joining the walk to end alzheimers in bradley beach this weekend  thanks to all who came out …
celebrate f p
look forward to hosting four town hall meetings this friday in cheyenne  elk city  weatherford & cordell 
rt  natresources    interior is celebrating national park week with free entrance to all national parks on saturday  april 21  find your par…
rt  speakerryan  the families of our pows and mias are heroes in their own right 
rt  housesmallbiz  today at 9 30 we dive deeper into how agri tech is revitalizing america s heartland  witneses from  iowastateu  aglaunch…
rt  upmcpolicy  signing of the final beam for the women s and maternity care center  and inpatient adolescent and adult mental health units…
rt  cspan  former cia director brennan testifies on russia before  houseintelcomm – live on c-span3
rt  nwademgaz  icymi   schoolhouse rock  musical director died in his home monday  he was 94 
rt  foxbusiness  breaking news  april jobs report 164k jobs added  unemployment rate down to 3 9%
rt  ihif1   ihif1 supports h r  3978  the trid improvement act  because patients want small biotech companies focused on science  thank you…
rt  riponadvance  in bipartisan letter to commerce sec  ross   repwalorski leads group of members urging for swifter protections for small…
today  as  housecommerce investigated the opioid epidemic  i questioned pharmaceutical distributors about suspiciou…
good news  according to the  usdol  tennessee s unemployment rate for all veterans has dropped 2% from last year  r…
in light of last night s strikes  i m re-upping my  foxnews interview laying out my thoughts on syria 
 glory to god in the highest and on earth peace  good will toward men   — luke 2 14 suzanne and i would like to w…
chairman  repgoodlatte responds to the ig s investigation into potential abuses of the foreign intelligence surveil…
rt  americanewsroom  listen   billhemmer asked  repmccaul about the technology used to track the austin bomber
people with a terminal illness deserve hope  legislation i co-sponsored just passed the u s  house giving patients…
president trump  as commander in chief  issued a much needed strong  swift  and targeted response  our allies  the…
happy veterans day  may we never forget what our veterans have done to keep our country the land of the free and th…
today is national prescription drug take back day  i urge you all to do your part in helping us win the fight agains…
breaking news  the tax cuts and jobs act just passed the house  we promised more jobs  bigger paychecks  and fairer…
it s a mistake to cut pilots out of the air force when all know there s a pilot shortage  i m fighting for them to…
i ve learned not to put any limits on my children  my hope for them is that they reach their full potential and cha…
the train carrying gop members to our retreat had a collision  but carolyn and i are both okay  security and doctor…
rt  waysandmeansgop  the tax cuts and jobs act will increase charitable giving and help charities do even more to assist our fellow america…
opening day at pnc park  let s go bucs   pirates
 every student in every school deserves an excellent education  - virginiafoxx this week and every week we applaud…
at 6 15 am cst i️ will be joining  nbcdfw to talk about president trump s state of the union address last night 
rt  nihdirector  what a great day  met w/ bentonville_hs students  attended kiwanis 2018 youth excellence awards  fjhswolves  toured  archi…
thank you for all you do for pennsylvania students and students across the country  i m proud to support afterschoo…
the house passed my amendment to combat the waste of taxpayer dollars on the cfpb headquarters 
  senatedems chose to shut down the government over something totally unrelated to this spending bill with a deadli…
today i sent a letter to  fema urging prompt correction of any potential floodplain map errors affecting lake of th…
today  we honor the fallen  thank our 1st responders & pay tribute to those who protect freedom & fight for our saf…
rt  brandonntu  strong statement by house conservatives in support of freetrade
otto schalk  harrison county prosecutor  was in dc today to testify in front of the senate on the effects the opioi…
i m saddened to hear of the passing of president monson  he was truly a man who dedicated his life to god  his serv…
rt  springfieldnl  on dec  7  1941  navy sailor clifford george goodwin was serving aboard the uss oklahoma at pearl harbor in hawaii  now …
just voted to block a pay hike for congress  congress doesn t deserve it  sayfie
icymi  new law removes legal shield for sites like who host ads for sex trafficking via…
today we remember a true american hero  mlk jr s memory will forever live on in our hearts  we must continue to wor…
breaking  senate passes  fosta    my  sesta  amendment 
rt  finnspiration  big thanks to noelle verhelst with  repsmucker s office  very supportive of our funding asks for  nih &  thenci as well…
rt  jecrepublicans   the united states is the largest exporter of services in the world  trade supports over 11 million jobs in the united…
religious freedom is a cornerstone of the american idea  religious freedom day
watch my reaction to  sotu 
great meetings and visits yesterday in sioux falls with christ the king 3rd and 5th graders …
joined  nitalowey in introducing bill to fully restore the deductibility of state and local taxes on federal tax fi…
rt  protectmyma  washington cc seniors had a great time speaking with the district staff of  repnewhouse about medicare advantage  thank y…
we re going to close the loopholes  stop the outsourcing of american jobs and get our broken h-1b system back to wh…
rt  senrobportman  pleased to see the house is taking up legislation to help stop online sex trafficking this week  would encourage everyon…
proud that lawrenceburg s own  nickgoepper will be representing indiana and the united states on  teamusa in the 20…
i m proud to lead a bipartisan group in the house to further develop our nation s missile defense system …
today is happy b9 2 for mk -  & i am thankful for every day 
loved the prez speech today at un  he said the truth  he said things that many of us have wished our prez would say
wonderful to be in historic ste genevieve for the first ever scottish days festival  happy to celebrate the rich hi…
read more about the issue via  onlinesentinel here  mepolitics
we won t completely solve the problem of school violence overnight  but we re off to a good start  as we look ahead…
congratulations to kaleb cook of robins for being named one of iowa s top youth volunteers of 2018  your positive a…
excellent bipartisan fl delegation meeting this morning  all in agreement we will not support supplemental in curre…
scenes from this morning s coast guard hearing  uscg infrastructure
recapping this mornings legislation success with erie news at  mba  in erie county
reminding interested students that the deadline to submit service academy applications is oct 31  more info here …
great to meet with jd and jarrod this week from…
honoring all those who have served our great country this presidents day 
thank you  repkarenbass   repannwagner   reploisfrankel &  douglassfamily for joining with me today to help…
sending a valentine s card to my bipartisan valentine  rep  collin peterson  looking forward to another year of wor…
it was great meeting with  ny21  trio advocates yesterday  i m a proud member of the bipartisan trio caucus in congr…
wow  what a crowd at our town hall meeting today in lewistown at the public library  taking your questions 
trump is changing u s  politics with his commitment to american working people  building infrastructure and putting americans first 
rt  maderasheriff  railroad fire morning update  currently estimated at 9 790 acres and 23% containment  with 800 personnel assigned 
thank you to the nearly 10 000 engaged  va05  residents who joined our seventh interactive town hall meeting of 2018…
please know that essential services - like social security payments - will not be disrupted  and that i stand ready…
we have so many talented young men and women across east alabama  visit my facebook page t…
a family of four in the sixth district making the average  135 485 received a tax increase of  1 279 under the…
i spoke on the house floor today to congratulate the  pa4h centre county 4-h robotics club on winning the…
rt  foxnews    jim_jordan on spending bill   this may be the worst bill i have seen in my time in congress    foxandfriends
a bill i cosponsored  the action for dental health act  passed the house yesterday  this important legislation ens…
wishing everyone a safe and happy independence day 
my heart breaks for the victims  students  and teachers of marjory stoneman douglas high school  my prayers are wit…
tax reform created pop in our economy by encouraging businesses to create jobs  raise wages  and attract investments 
i m hosting a telephone town hall tonight at 6 pm pt and hope you can join me  i look forward to hearing from you a…
on april 28   deahq will hold its spring national prescription drug take back day - an opportunity for all of us to…
rt  speakerryan  our budget process is broken  both parties—and just as importantly  both the house and the senate—have to come to the tabl…
rt  futureoffreedom  sold out  our joint program with the  ronpaulinstitut   non-intervention  america s original foreign policy  will be a…
happy easter  today  i am spending time with my family  remembering the importance of this resurrection day  i hope…
we have once again kicked off the annual congressionalartcompetition  i invite high school students from  nc3  to s…
this weekend → senator tim scott and i will be at the  weeklystandard 2018 broadmoor summit discussing our new book…
rt  housegop  from washington state to florida  and everywhere in between  businesses big and small are announcing taxreform bonuses thank…
thanks to everyone who came to our sd sunrise coffee this morning  enjoy the rest of your time in dc 
i am a strong advocate of establishing term limits  i am working alongside my colleagues to get these career politi…
the wound care clinic at the havasu regional hospital provides service to community members and veterans  today  i…
last week was national suicide prevention week  let us take the opportunity to ask ourselves what we can do to prev…
rt  bweinercrna  honored to award  repadriansmith the aana national leadership award for his support of crnas and their contributions as so…
chairman  repgoodlatte applauds  potus for signing a bill funding secret service overtime pay 
a tax cut for all  according to a survey by  golendedu  the biggest winners from the individual income tax cuts ar…
during my visit to fordyce this afternoon  i stopped by havoc boats and saw the impressive work being done by its m…
thank you to america s vietnam veterans for their selfless service to our country  may god bless you  🇺🇸…
  conawaytx11  india has been funneling illegal farm subsidies into its agriculture industry for too long  i commen…
today  i introduced the banning lobbying and safeguarding trust  blast  act  this is currently the most stringent l…
rt  edworkforce  chairwoman  virginiafoxx and  repwalberg statement on senate confirmation of peter robb   we applaud our senate colleagues…
rt  houseforeign  10amet  cmte considers  roslehtinen s united states-israel security assistance authorization act
 cme_tigers are roaring w/love for gigi shadid & all of our great teachers    teacher appreciation week  fortbendisd
rt  houseagnews  strong food security = strong national security  a nation that feeds itself is more secure than a nation that doesn t 201…
here s what the tax cuts and jobs act would mean for you  your family  & other americans…
 maximumkungfu thanks for coming tonight mark  please keep the calls and letters coming 
i commend  brendancarrfcc for his plan to streamline & improve  5g  wireless infrastructure policy   congress should…
honored to receive the lifetime membership recognition award from the cotton producers of mo  our cotton farmers ar…
i strongly oppose the tariffs on steel and aluminum imports  these tariffs pose a serious risk to our economy  cou…
thanks for coming by  tealaction

rt  housegop  401 k  matches   1 000 bonuses  these are the real results of the tax cutsand jobs act 
another day  another big annoucement for american workers  tax reform works
great time with the third graders at all saints academy  thanks for the thoughtful questions 
i applaud leaders in south korea and the united states for seeking to denuclearize the korean peninsula  and i trus…
absolutely wrong approach for south jersey & atlantic ocean  previous attempts to lift ban met w/ fierce bipartisan…
make no mistake   trump-russia probe was launched  bc  realdonaldtrump won gop nomination for pres  it s clear why…
had a great conversation with  ctatech members from  nj11  on ways to develop and grow our innovation economy 
rt  jecrepublicans  chairman  reperikpaulsen on  varneyco  all americans are doing better thanks to tax reform  check out the video below …
spent the morning at the wood county township association meeting where i discussed taxreform  rural broadband  an…
they all raced to provide care for the injured  and comforted and aided people on the train  we came together and w…
rt  readyharris  severe weather awareness week | thunderstorms can produce deadly lightning strikes up to 10 miles away 
rt  foxnews  edwin jackson  indianapolis colts linebacker  was killed by an illegal immigrant  police say
rt  scotttaylortv  are 100 healthy kittens a year being killed at a  usda lab in maryland   whitecoatwaste says yes &  abc7news &  repmikeb…
rt  abigailcbn   it is our responsibility to see america change through prayer   repmarkwalker speaking at the national day of prayer ceremon…
it s  fab lab day  in wisconsin and several school districts in our neck of the woods have been awarded grants to e…
rt  ap  breaking  us employers added 200 000 jobs in january  paychecks rose at fastest pace in 8 years 
rt  robertharding  trump signs anti-human trafficking bill backed by katko
in a short bit  1 45 pm  i ll be hosting neighborhood office hours at east bay  truevalue hardware   
this isn t about politics or campaigns  it s about sound achievements this white house has made in keeping america…
the arkansas dept  of veterans affairs paid tribute to the veterans of the vietnam war today  50 years after it beg…
congrats   domtiberi  proud of your work 
last night  i voted to keep the government open & extend child health insurance for 6 years for 325 kids in morrow…
go blue    good adjustments lead to a second half comeback  i m excited to see  umichbball play for the…
whether in d c  or at home - my door is always open to discuss whatever is on your mind   mi06 
it was a pleasure talking to  timberners_lee today about my soon to be released bill on net neutrality  having some…
one of my top priorities here in washington is to promote responsible federal spending-- and this omnibus represent…
today i voted in favor of h r  3922 to provide funding for chip and community health clinics 
yesterday  i had the opportunity to recognize local  state  and federal law enforcement officers for…
rt  maderasheriff  mission fire evening update  currently estimated at 650 acres and 0% containment  with 300 personnel assigned 
due to weather conditions  the scheduled veterans resource fair in greenville will not be occurring as scheduled to…
thank you for your feedback today  many issues to tackle to assure agribusiness continues to thrive in the 18th dis…
 this will be the last time you will ever file under the old and broken system  millions of americans will see more…
 kevin and avonte s law fills a need to help people with autism  alzheimer s   read my op-ed in  nj_league mag 
 potus has kept his promise to end the war on coal   in 2017  us coal exports increased by 60% to 97 million tonne…
rt  jecrepublicans  this budget paves the way toward a brighter future for the middle class  here s how…
proposed const  balanced budget amdt requires 60%  261  of whole house  435  for deficit spending  yet 60 5%  256 …
accountability requires review of the process  americans deserve to know if laws are being abused for personal or p…
with all the threats our nation faces  it s reassuring that mike pompeo  with his tremendous experience and insight…
millions of americans have opted to pay a fine and remain uninsured because it s cheaper than obamacare premiums …
 jwillburch  angie_wins yes  i was at the st  joe march
rt  uschamber  at today s w&m committee hearing   repkevinbrady on how taxreform is working for america   our families deserve better than…
the f a r m bill we ll vote on this week will help expand access to rural broadband and increase competition in that s…
many have fallen victim to falsehoods re  hj res 69  but  ak  fish &game is very clear on this resolution …
it was great meeting with amy  alana  and hannah this morning to talk about their time competing in the…
yesterday  my colleagues and i concluded the markup process and passed the agriculture and nutrition act out of the…
thanks  nawbonational for the opportunity to share info on my workflex bill  which will help employees improve thei…
click here to learn about my efforts to protect the acf --&gt 
rt  indiancommittee  legislation to enhance and expand a critical indian employment and training program has cleared both the house and  s… 
👍  small biz owners are overhauling their  18 business plans as a result of the sweeping federal tax cuts  with man…
rt  repmgriffith  to find a d e a take back day collection site near you  visit
chair  repmarkwalker  once again  mcconnell is making excuses for why the gop cannot do what we all promised  his l…
three of the naval assets involved in the syria airstrike last night - uss laboon  uss monterey  and uss john warne…
glad to meet with the  myibat and discuss how regulatory reform will strengthen economy 
today s memo outlines actions taken by specific individuals at justice department & fbi related to fisa surveillanc…
great thanks to my dear friend   repjenniffer  the cong  delegate to puerto rico  for coming to york monday to disc…
barbara bush lived a full and wonderful life that was dedicated to serving others and her passionate promotion of c…
appreciate the opportunity to meet with local advocates for human trafficking awareness and prevention   ga08 
it s my great privilege to be in iraq with our soldiers this week  i have learned a great deal from this visit and…
the centers for medicare & medicaid services  cms  has started mailing new medicare cards that will help protect yo…
reps  posey  wilson  culberson  green & blum introduce apollo 11 commemorative coin act space  nasa 
checkyour check folks- tax cuts are good news for  mn02 
take a quick second and read this article on arlington native sgt  allen stigler jr  - an american hero   tx06 
tomorrow is mothers day  do not forget to call your moms  maybe make a meal  send some flowers  or both  don t forg…
moving forward  congress must stand locked-arm in our approach to dealing with this rogue nation for the sake of ou…
it is fitting that we passed my bill to rein in the irs on the last day americans have to live under our outdated t…
as i have consistently said  russia is not our friend and can t be trusted  i commend the administration for leveli…
she must have been talking about crumb donuts   
thanks to  indental and  amerdentalassn for stopping by to talk about what providers can do to help combat the opio…
rt  gdrta  this funding will cover 10% of the costs we need to update our diesel bus fleet  like the new bus you see behind rep  turner and…
my fellow representatives and i are monitoring hurricaneirma2017   we must work together to help our fellow americans deal with this crisis
the professionalism and dedication of our men and women to the mission of directing air combat maneuvering operatio…
the house moved quickly to fund government operations in one of the most conservative appropriations packages 
if you d like to read the full report on mueller  please download it here 
on this tax day  we celebrate the end of much irs oppression and new  lower tax rates  join me and  teamcavuto on…
i support decision to support afghani security forces and ensure us has strong ally in the fight against terrorism
rt  natresources  the recreation not red tape act  a bipartisan bill from chairman bishop &  ronwyden also empowers small businesses by re…
for all the families who have lost a loved one overseas  we honor you on gold star spouses day 
 icymi   last week   potus invited o h10 s sandy klepinger & steve staub  co-owners of staub manufacturing solutions…
new  i ll be holding open office hours in corning and mt  ayr on saturday  open office hours are for constituents t…
 iberiabank s pay raises and bonuses for employees is yet another example of tax reform benefitting alabamians in a…
a heartbreaking time for our nation  seems to be commotion all around  but we can get through these trying times together  stand together 
yes but mine s correct 
as womens history month comes to an end  the impact of minnesota s incredible women continues to shape our state eve…
my honor to assist jake hesselman and solve his case with the social security admin  dubuque area residents helped…
happy st  patrick s day 
rod rosenstein prosecuting andrew mccabe would be asking the department of justice to penalize the department of ju…
great discussion this week on local workforce needs w/ officials from  yorkcollegepa   pennstateyork   yceapa & loc…
rt  housegop  you ve heard about 4 million workers getting  4 billion in bonuses  but have you heard about the 40 states where utility bill…
my staff has rescheduled our mobile office hours in thomaston and franklin  more details here 
honored to attend a memorial service at the vietnam memorial for anthony housh w/ his family & others who served w/…
big news for arlington this morning   ups  redriverupsers
national park week
good to see so many leaders in bellevue come together to discuss important issues facing the community and our nati…
happy yom ha atzmaut to the state of israel on the 70th anniversary of your independence  the united states is prou…
enjoyed talking to  tyson_havranek yesterday on  kbear923 about the farm bill  trade  workforce development  and ou…
pleased to join my fellow members of the problem solvers caucus in announcing bipartisan healthcare work 
north korea s missile launch reaffirms the need for a stronger military & increased national defense spending  the…
thank you for having me on to discuss this important issue and process 
horrific shooting at florida high school has now claimed at least 17 lives  according to authorities  truly heartbreaking 
it was great to meet with officers of the  austin_police department and their families during police week2018  thes…
rt  tomcottonar  democrats proposed future  ongoing amnesty back in february  the ollie ollie oxen free amendment  of course the promise of…
rt  desideriodc    republicanstudy chairman  repmarkwalker blasts budget deal as  false choice  between boosting military spending & being…
 today is world autism awareness day  let s celebrate the contributions adults and children with autism spectrum diso…
rt  sherri_jpa  constituent services reps from  congressmanhice and  sendavidperdue will be in jackson tomorrow  buttscountyga admin buildi…
rt  repstevepearce  today  the house passed the mortgage choice act to change a  cfpb rule to help more low & middle-income people across n…
rt  spoxdhs  in accordance with the presidential memorandum signed by  potus   dhsgov will deploy all available resources in an effort to e…
thank you  ivankatrump  i look forward to continuing this important conversation 
 ifda as we celebrate small business week  i am proud to support policies that enable the u s  foodservice distribut…
rt  txrandy14  the retaliation begins  i have been removed as sponsor of the  low dose radiation act   a bill that was to be dropped today 
 no matter how uncomfortable meetings have become  the importance of holding them never diminishes  …
flashback friday - read my letter to the editor in the  washingtonpost from 2013 on why obamacare s medical device…
today was the last day for our exceptional intern  elizabeth  born and raised in medina  she has been a tremendous…
rt  abppnps  kettle creek battlefield site park triples in size after  abpp   lwcfcoalition grant and efforts from  civilwartrust   campaign…
puerto rico & usvi will recover  congress will continue to work with administration so they get every resource asap 
more great news thanks to the tax cutsand jobs act 
rt  novatechcouncil  both  repcomstock  repdonbeyer stress the importance of rural broadband   a fundamental infrastructure issue 
   tune in  that is  
rt  speakerryan  ✅ lowest unemployment level since 2000 ✅ jobless claims near a 48-year low ✅ small biz optimism at record highs ✅ business…
glad to be a cosponsor of this  thanks for your work on this  kencalvert  ca08 
if you are experiencing trouble with a federal agency  you can meet with members of my staff this friday at their m…
rt  mactxpress   fy19ndaa  is underway  follow along here 
rt  stevescalise  update  100  companies are paying their hard-working employees more and investing more in their communities as a result o…
big sweet sixteen match up tonight between  clemsonmbb and  kuhoops  i ve challenged  repkevinyoder to a bet  loser…
pres is listening to his generals  thank you  we owe it to our brave troops and the price they have already paid to end this fight w vistory
good read in today s  wsj - the fact that taxreform is putting more money back into the pockets of middle and low…
rt  househomeland  subcommittee chairman  repscottperry at today s hearing    dhsgov has a duty to be an effective steward of taxpayer doll…
 chucknewnam  realdonaldtrump the bba was a fakerooni  watch this video if you think it was a serious effort 
rt  realdonaldtrump  our economy is better than it has been in many decades  businesses are coming back to america like never before  chrys…
a new fema disaster recovery center opened yesterday at la palmera mall 
the good news keeps coming  all thanks to the tax cuts and jobs act 
3/3
last week i visited gkn aerospace in tallassee  i enjoyed talking w/ many of their 900 employees  these men & women…
house democrats played partisan politics w/ national security  obstruction doesn t reflect hoosier priorities 
big win for american taxpayers today  a few hours ago  the  tcja  was signed by the president  this landmark legisla…
rt  whatmattersnc  this week we re talking to  repwalterjones about his efforts to exonerate the names of the fox company marines that were…
rt  secretarycarson  meeting a resident in fayetteville who was impacted by hurricane matthew

when we show strength on the world stage  we can have peace  president trump is handling the korean issue very well…
on this day in 1851  members of  cherokeenation opened the cherokee female seminary in park hill--the first school o…
rt  intelpolicy  tune in today at 2 pm est to listen to  intelai s  khosra participate in the first of a series of hearings from  gopoversi…
 icymi   in the  covnews→ hice  georgia  u s  building a business climate  i m thrilled to welcome a new corporate c…
rt  waysandmeansgop  tune in live  health subcommittee holds hearing to discuss removing barriers to prevent and treat opioid abuse and dep…
joining  afterthebell with  melissaafrancis &  davidasmanfox now to talk about my  foxnews op-ed on…
thanks to  va06  representatives for coming by to share about their work in the education field as well as their inv…
brevard  indian river & orange counties approved for disaster assistance
members of the  freedomcaucus sent the below letter to the wh   mr  president  we urge you to remember the countle…
another outstanding service academy appointee from missouri  proud to recognize j t  meinke s accomplishment and co…
confirmed coast guard s in jefferson co  409-835-8757  port arthur  409-983-8707 / 409-983-8663 
   increasing our funding at nih for cures for alzheimer s  diabetes and cancer  as well as our work on stopping sc…
congratulations  josemartimast on this achievement  these students  paths are brighter because of the education the…
rt  acwawater  a few more photos from today s dc 2018 conference events  thank you to all of the speakers and attendees   kencalvert joeshe…
on this day in 1949  the california zephyr begins service over the burlington  rio grande & western pacific railroad…
rt  _aedce  congratulations to all 6 members of arkansas s congressional delegation for being recognized w/a spirit of enterprise award fro…
as part of the  airforcereserve  i find the schumer shutdown disturbingly irresponsible  our military men and women…
rt  sendavidperdue  unbelievable  the schumer-rounds-collins immigration plan actually suspends enforcement of illegal immigration until ju…
i am proud to use my voice in congress to fight for our nation s unborn babies  every life is sacred …
  georgetowntx field of honor is a vivid reminder of the sacrifice and service of our  tx31  veterans  thank you for…
joined  repcurbelo   mariodb   repmialove  repjeffdenham   hurdonthehill   repjohnfaso   repdavidvaladao in press…
catching up with  kelliemeyernews to discuss important reforms to our complex tax code thanks to h r  1  the tax cu…
for far too long  congress has failed to act to provide dreamers with the certainty they deserve  our resolution wi…
m n06 s own  monstermike5 is the epitome of perseverance  great to see him competing for team u s a at the…
today  i sent a letter to gov   henrymcmaster thanking him for designating opportunity zones in ever county of s c …
watch  at 9 30am cst will be livestreaming the congressional badge of bravery award ceremony for officer jason fal…
today i met kenneth – and then went to the house floor to share his story and voice my support of the able act -&gt 
this week is national small business week  thank you to the 29 million small businesses that are the backbone of ou…
time and again tariffs have proven to hurt more than they help  the latest decision to tax steel and aluminum impor…
thanks to  rutgersu boggs center lend trainees for your dedication to providing quality care to individuals w/ deve…
i think america needs more unity and less divisiveness   meaning  realdonaldtrump should focus more on golf & have less press conferences 
my prayers are with all those injured and impacted by today s storms  my office stands ready to assist as needed 
about to go live on  cspan with  bobbyscott to talk s a f ejustice act  mn02 tune in  
rev  billy graham is only the 4th person to lie in honor in our nation s capitol -- one of the highest honors besto…
 alanmmosley typically the dems reflexively vote against the republican leadership on procedural votes    which is…
good news for  summervillesc and  dorchesterscgov  funding awarded for highway 78 improvements   
rt  secretaryzinke  when it comes to relocating some bureau leadership out west we are looking at communities that have a reasonable cost…
next week  i will join in the 70th anniversary celebration of the state of israel  in light of this occasion  i wa…
rt  thetrcp  thanks for your tweet   repryanzinke voted against transferring your publiclands 
 vp  any leader who says  1000 in the pockets of working americans is crumbs is out of touch   tax reform  housegop
we must continue to support research and development for all rare diseases  rarediseaseday
 live   i m asking sec def about what he needs to successfully carry out national defense strategy and…
great to meet with the  indianabankers today to discuss how congress can roll back the most harmful parts of dodd-f…
we re working to strengthen health  retirement   economic security programs for all americans ⇉ restoring the trust
rt  foxnews  u s  ambassador to the  un  nikkihaley responds after  potus vows to withdraw from iran nuclear agreement
well worth your time 
stacy dean w/  centeronbudget  the 2018 farm bill work requirements would enforce new bureaucracy on states  fact  s…
astoundingly  it s been two decades since the irs has updated their systems  we all know how technology has progres…
the atlanta fed is projecting 5 4% economic growth in the first quarter  which would make this the strongest quarte…
happy new year  at one level  i ve always considered new years eve something of a trite exercise  as too many   
enjoyed meeting with loganville christian academy students last week  where i answered their questions about govern…
ryno was my guest for the  sotu   in this interview  he talks all about his trip and who he saw while he was in our…
rt  repkevincramer  perhaps the best interview of the former president and 1st lady since they left the white house  it made me smile & cry…
chairman  usreprodney  this funding will enable our military to fight current and emerging threats around the globe…
 persistentthorn funding planned parenthood is divisive  defunding them would be a unifying position  and take the issue off the table 
wonderful fellowship this morning at the 21st annual mlk prayer breakfast   okcmlk
congrats to the barnesville middle school robotics team  recently took too honors at state competition  stopped by…
rt  josephlawler  house rs calling to add more of their house-passed bills to the crapo bill  rep   rephuizenga  senate-passed bill  shou…
joining  msnbc s  stevekornacki live at 4 30 pm et  1 30 pm pt  to discuss the  ahca   be sure to tune in 
what exactly does  fair and simple  mean for your family  your small businesses  your neighbors  my op-ed in…
thank you all for taking the time to join me 
rt  secpompeo  last december   potus acknowledged israel s capital is jerusalem  he directed  statedept to move our embassy to jerusalem as…
met with local iranian expatriate community – events are reaching a critical moment and they applaud pres  trump s…
while bipartisanship may be in short supply in washington  d c   it is alive and vocal in new jersey  reps  josh g…
rt  housesmallbiz  🚨 february 1st 🚨 check your check this morning — odds are you ll have more money in it thanks to the tax cutsand jobs act…
pre super bowl festivies at the massapequa mustangs football awards ceremony this morning  an outstanding organizat…
this afternoon i was proud to support the passage of the concealed carry reciprocity act  as a matter of personal r…
rosenstein   there is no allegation in this indictment that any american was a knowing participant in this illegal…
✅ passed sub health  proud a bipartisan bill i m leading w/ repeliotengel  repjoebarton &  repdianadegette just pa…
coming up at 10am   hascrepublicans &  hascdemocrats will mark-up the  fy19ndaa  to provide tools for our military t…
heading to  rulesreps soon to present amdt that will push up end of medicaid expansion funding  and to wish  petesessions a happy birthday
i had the pleasure of attending a ceremony honoring bob becker for his lifelong service to our country and to impro…
rt  milken  florida milken award educators  adamsonhdmm and  nroutten talking education with  repcurbelo at the m e a forum2018 congressional…
happy new year  as congress works on a new  full agenda this year  there are many accomplishments from the last yea…
rt  jim_jordan  8  when and how did the fbi learn that doj lawyer bruce orr s wife  nellie orr  worked for fusion gps  and what exactly was…
liberty and union
congrats to  reptomprice on  hhs  appointment  great pick by team trump-pence 
  cbsthismorning asked an accountant how the tax cuts & jobs act will affect 3 families  including one family from…
congrats  nevadawolfpack on winning the 2016  cbitourney in overtime last night  battle born
spoke with the south haven high school student senate on school safety today  thanks for an engaging discussion on…
this week  house will vote on  housecommerce bills to combat opioid abuse  learn how this will help you 
 transport  potus  realdonaldtrump i cannot thank the citizens of  pa9  enough for placing your faith in me  may god…
rt  willwymt  scenes like this one are across harlan county as officials try to control the flood waters  these tunnels were a flood contro…
our immigration action today is designed to empower every member of the house to craft a solution that can win a m…
for those who celebrate  i wish you a blessed good friday and joyous  peaceful easter 
just finished a great telephone townhall with 9 724 constituents  thank you so much for taking the time to particip…
because of the  housegop s pro-growth agenda  the economy is improving  as jobs are created  we need to make sure t…
  housescience energy subcommittee is examining the future of u s  fusion energy research  watch live 
there s no question that our smallbusinesses are the backbones of our local  tx23  communities small business week
i could not support the  1 1 trillion appropriations bill today  and i voted no  read my statement here 
just under an hour until the state of the union  you can watch live here   sotu 
rt  billingsgazette    repryanzinke says state and tribal governments deserve bigger say in federal coal policies h…
rt  sensasse  facebook is a really big and powerful platform  their decisions on how to police speech will have far-reaching consequences …
  repmarkmeadows  we look forward to shining light on this regulatory process and as we try to make sure it is acco…
enjoying my week in the first district  i held a productive roundtable with local leaders on the opioid epidemic  m…
i was proud to vote in favor of the pain-capable unborn child protection act  i will always fight on behalf of thos…
rt  enviropassion  thank you  pleasure meeting w/  repchrissmith to discuss oceanplanning & nj coast issues  littoralsociety  masurfride…
 we ve got to get this done      daca   repfredupton
  speakerryan is committed to finding solutions for america 
today  our 32-year-old tax code will be retired  starting next year  americans will finally have a fairer  simplif…
rt  cathymcmorris  america stands on the shoulders of the giants who have gone before us because they put country first  that s what  speak…
today  i urged the va to rectify the injustice blue water navy veterans experience  i will keep fighting for these…
today i met w/ kathy leavenworth of the west geauga local school board and al haberstroh of the trumbull county edu…
  repdennisross  the igs have proven to be one of congress s best investments 
visit for more on how the tax cuts and jobs act is working for you
the farm bill passed out of ag committee today provides certainty to america s farmers & ranchers as well as invest…
home in south jersey and will be discussing today s overwhelmingly bipartisan vote on  1400wond with david spatz at…
indiana s 8th district is full of smart  diverse  hard-working hoosiers from all walks of life & it s a pleasure to…
rt  pawwfh  thanks  repmeehan  repryancostello  repbrendanboyle support of  pdufa  in us house = patients will have access to innovative…
 icymi  in the  wsj ➡️ hard lessons from the federal student-loan program s coming  36 billion shortfall
met with the new fema region vii admin  paultaylorkc in my district office today  i m confident  femaregion7 will b…
rt  theswampseries  you ve never seen conservative congressmen like this before   repdavebrat  reprodblum  reptomgarrett  repkenbuck htt…
icymi  i m proud to join my colleagues in cosponsoring landmark immigration legislation  the securing americas futu…
 tim_mckeeby  hunterihrman  katieroyale2 tim  thanks for stopping in  i m sorry i missed you  i hope you enjoy your time in dc 
we can abort but we can t deport  due to no fault of their own   babies find themselves in a womb of their parent s…
rt  ktvz  rep  greg walden says house-passed govt  funding resolution includes two years of full funding for community health centers  othe…
rt  justinamash  happy new year  🎉 let s do this 
reminder  i ll be on  tuckercarlson s show on  foxnews at 5 p m   pst  this evening 
world war ii vet barran tucker has an amazing story of service to our country  he survived d-day and prison camps 
 shannonbrooke01 yes
we are thankful for the teachers  staff  law enforcement  and first responders who ran into the danger to protect s…
we re proud of our agricultural heritage& over 1800 farms in  pa06   thank you for all you do for our community & ec…
rt  93wibc  from  replukemesser on tax reform   one of president trump s key campaign promises was to cut taxes for working americans and t…
extra  extra  read all about my latest west texas  tx23  trip in the fort stockton pioneer 🗞️
live now  sub health convenes hearing titled  improving the coordination and quality of substance use disorder trea…
 otd  last year  president trump officially placed justice neil m  gorsuch on the supreme court  in that time  justi…
rt  foxnews    repgallagher   term limits are a way of getting us back to that model of the citizen legislator that the framers had in mind…
at  housecommerce  we have been working hard to build out a legislative agenda that promotes broadband deployment a…
breaking  the house just sent legislation reopening the federal government  providing for our troops  and fully-fun…
thanks to everyone who joined us for coffee hour today at the dexter american legion 
rt  ntu   all in all  americans should be celebrating a return to sound economic policy which returns money to taxpayers  pockets while ena…
given all the media attention that the  shutdown  has gotten over the day  i wanted to walk you through how we got…
today  al_labor released the march 2018 local area unemployment statistics  al s 4th congressional district unemplo…
happeningnow   repmikecoffman and  repchrissmith hold a press conference on h res128  concerning the ethiopian go…
join me and  jonscottfnc on  happeningnow this morning at 11 10 to unpack the latest news   foxnews
on this day in 2011  u s  special forces raided a compound in abbottabad  pakistan and killed osama bin laden 
with tax season upon us  new scams are arising that can result in identity and financial theft  learn more and pro…
 carsicktiger  walshfreedom 🤦🏻‍♂️  i m an ideologue  not a partisan  please do your homework  sassywithmassie
today  on shine a light on slavery day  i am proud to join the enditmovement  currently  an estimated 27 million p…
rt  cnnpolitics  this morning  the gop congressional baseball team held its first practice since last year s ambush  rep  mo brooks  recall…
it is critical that congress do more to combat the opioid epidemic  today  i introduced two bills that go beyond cu…
national park week kicks off this weekend  and i can t think of a better place to find your park encuentra tu parque t…
rep  sensenbrenner finished his 115 in-person townhall meeting schedule for this year  photos available at  wi05 
learn more about the historic tax cuts and jobs act introduced today in the house by visiting…
tax reform is helping californians keep more of their hard-earned paychecks  🇺🇸
thank you fulbright junior high school for having me 
rt  kdorr45  🚨🚨   potus delivers on his promise  🚨🚨  reppittenger with today s can t miss op-ed about how our progress towards  maga  means…
reminder  the congressional art competition deadline for submission is monday  april 23  at 5 00pm  learn more here…
tues  march 20 at 2 00 p m   the courts  intellectual property & the internet subcommittee will hold a hearing to r…
today we cut the ribbon and opened bud and betty s place for veterans at copper mountain college   ca08 
we will never forget the 168 souls taken from us too soon on this day  21 years ago o k cbombing oklahoma standard
last week  the manufacturing advocacy and growth network  magnet  came by my office to discuss the importance of a…
rt  housecommerce  new study shows u s  is a top exporter of crude oil after congress voted to lift the ban in 2015 &gt &gt 
rt  housebudgetgop  get excited  it s opening day and baseball isn t the only thing that s back in action  we re hard at work on the fy19 b…
peace through strength
met up with richland junior high school students from shafter in the capitol before they head back to california t…
rt  deptofdefense  on this national spouses day and every day  we honor the sacrifices military spouses make  thank you for your service  s…
happy 30th birthday   missionviejoca 
icymi  tuscola pastor ron dunn delivered the opening prayer before the u s  house of representatives today   mi10 
latest on weather threats from irma
i don t care if this is being proposed by a president obama  as he did during his term  or now potentially by a president trump mepolitics
rt  repmarkwalker  why conservatives must be part of reforming criminal justice cjreform
i am proud to introduce this resolution with my colleagues  virginiafoxx   repsires  and  nitalowey in support of a…
rt  iowa_megan  a huge thank you to  repdavidyoung for spending time with us this afternoon  it s so great to know that such a compassionat…
rt  gopleader    potus and the republican majorities in congress are taking steps to cut wasteful spending and restore our fiscal footing …
como ciudadana naturalizada  me enorgullece ver tantos nuevos ciudadanos  un honor compartir esta ceremonia de natu…
we should ve called yesterday   congressmanhice  happy  belated  birthday  📱
don briggs did a tremendous job leading  laoilgasassoc for 26 years  and i know gifford briggs will  too  thanks  d…
 ca08 
rt  reptedbudd  i ve worked with  repjimcooper  repkathleenrice and  repralphnorman to introduce the earmark elimination act  a bill that w…
rt  justinamash  this is not the bill i would have written  but the cuts in this bill are very broad  and the substantial reduction in the…
after the close of legislative business for the week  i caught up with  drewpetrimoulx of  knwanews to discuss the…
rt  txcomptroller  in 2015  the port of houston ranked 1st in the u s  and 15th in the world for foreign waterborne cargo and supported 509…
rt  housesmallbiz  🚨 february 1st 🚨 check your check this morning — odds are you ll have more money in it thanks to the tax cutsand jobs act…
 unclechaps  captaincons  zeroblog30 thanks for having me on the show - it was great talking to you guys 
  repmarkmeadows  rules are supposed to be issued in accordance with several statutes and executive orders  but  as…
i want to thank the men and women of  miamipd    miamidadepd who risk their lives to protect our community  so fla…
great telephone town hall tonight  looking forward to doing more in the near future 
congressman griffith enjoyed watching last night s high school basketball game featuring gate city at abingdon 
it was a pleasure to be with the secretary of the  usairforce dr  heather wilson and  johnboozman  thank you to air…
social security & irs must rely on public employers to ensure compliance  not much has changed
wishing you all a happy presidents  day 
icymi- fy18  houseappropsgop ag bill supports opioid abuse prevention   us_fda oversight/grants  nutrition programs 
when disaster struck in texas  florida  california and puerto rico  israeli volunteers rushed in to help with relie…
see you soon 
rt  justinamash  … reprohrabacher- repthomasmassie- repandybiggsaz- warrendavidson- repsanfordsc- repstevepearce- repscottperry- repalexmoo…
rt  houseappropsgop  emergency disaster aid and continuation of government funding passed by the house
be sure to tune in   mn02 
rt  nhc_atlantic  new  harvey continues to intensify and is now a category 4 hurricane with maximum sustained winds of 130 mph 
i look forward to joining  vp pence today in detroit to talk about how the tax cuts are benefitting michigan worker…
last night  i joined with other  housecommerce members to give an update on our efforts to address the opioid epide…
happening now   edworkforce hearing on  fraud  mismanagement  non-compliance  and safety  the history of failures o…
barbara bush was an incredible american who always carried herself with the utmost integrity  with her amazing pers…
happening now  we are taking your questions live during our sixth  va05  town hall meeting of 2018 on  wchvnews  cal…
we condemn white natl violence/killing  should be usa supremacy  not white-black  but red  white & blue  prayers for victims time to heal u s a
holding a press conference at  greenecountyoh jail with the commissioners and sheriff talking about advancement of…
i am proud that congress passed a bill i cosponsored  the helping families in mental health crisis act   hr2646 
rt  lindsayaellis  nancy downing at tamu brings out a rape kit and cites medical aftereffects of assault  including stress  anxiety and chr…
rt  secpompeo  effective  forward-thinking diplomacy increases our chances of solving problems peacefully  our foreign policy must be pragm…
horrifying images coming from the train derailment in washington  my prayers are with all those aboard & on the hig…
enjoyed meeting with political science students from  methodist_news today  i see bright futures ahead for these br…
rt  usaidmarkgreen  met w/ a group of courageous cuban pro-democracy advocates today to stress our continued commitment to the advancement…
watch french president  emmanuelmacron address to the joint session of the congress here →
i m proud to support patients  right to try in  mn02 
rt  speakerryan   twas the night before taxmas…
u s  rep  jim bridenstine  iran nuclear deal is a failure tcot
rt  facethenation    tgowdysc says schiff is right that incidental collection on us persons happens  but the element of unmasking should be…
learn more about two of the bills i worked on last week in my legislative recap on nuclear waste  and the ndaa 
my thoughts on protecting direct sellers & entrepreneurs from pyramid scheme fraud  i am cosponsoring  hr3409  to…
i m honored to serve colorado s fifth in the people s house each and every day  today i had the privilege of presid…
rt  mainstreetgop  this saturday is take back day find the location nearest you to safely dispose of your excess prescription drugs --&gt  htt…
the internet should not enable human trafficking  & those complicit must be held accountable  i was proud to co-spo…
rt  ncaadii  national champions  🏆 ferris state has won the 2018  d2mbb  national championship  elite eight
rt  houseforeign  sadly  i won t be able to join  vp for pyeong chang2018 opening ceremonies  good luck to  teamusa  represent our count…
rt  tamu  texas a&m officials announce the funeral motorcade for former first lady barbara bush on saturday  a map…
fun celebrations at the 8th annual ukraine festival in whippany 
live at 10 30 a m  ct →  househomeland field hearing led by chairman  repmccaul to examine lessons learned from hur…
iran deal is a deeply flawed agreement  however  without proof that iran is in violation of the agreement  it is a…
happening now- i am speaking about my bill  the great act  in an  gopoversight markup  want to fix a  600 billion p…
  housecommerce chairman  repgregwalden is right  transparency is critical to earning and keeping the public s trus…
president  realdonaldtrump s reinstatement of the citizenship question in the 2020 census is the right decision  re…
 like all americans  i grieve over loss of our men & women in uniform  & the tragic deaths of troops killed in avia…
the  deahq s national prescription drug take back day provides a safe  convenient  and responsible way to dispose of…
i m more committed than ever to demand the effectiveness and accountability that the american people expect and rig…
rt  cathymcmorris  more stories of bonuses  jobs & bigger paychecks because of taxreform from  repkevincramer   repgregwalden   keithrothf…
chair  conawaytx11 led the  houseagnews to passage of a farm bill that keeps america s farmers and ranchers — like…
rt  cheftai  i can t believe it has been a week since our  bcschamber made a trip to dc to voice our ideas and concerns about our business…
i m looking forward to joining  morningsmaria in a few minutes to discuss tax reform and president trump s visit to…
rt  airsign  it was a pleasure meeting  drnealdunnfl2 today  here are a few photos of our ceo patrick walsh and the congressman discussing…
rt  theihs  happy birthday to f a  hayek   on this day in 1899  in vienna  friedrich hayek was born  he would go on to write about economi…
proof that america is back in a big way  with the lowest unemployment rate since 2000  this report shows an expandi…
not even a snow storm will stop the folks  ar3  from touring the  uscapitol with me 
 corykjones thanks cory  means a lot 
on holocaust remembrance day  weremember the 6 million jews who were murdered during the holocaust and we pledge…
thanks to fewer government regulations  passage of the tax cuts and jobs act  and pro-growth policies  the american ec…
rt  agritalk  today s agri talk with  chipflory - milk production with  cows2jim  ethanol exports with bryan healy  usgc  farm bill with u …
all star boxing returns to palm bay  honors highly decorated military veteran
  usrepgarypalmer  the issue has simply gotten out of hand 
it s national prescription drug take back day from 10am-2pm  go to to find the closest loca…
thanks to nc-13 s participating art students and teachers who helped to gather artwork  see them all here 
u s  mint contest to design apollo 11 50th anniversary commemorative coin
good morning  san diego  i will be on  foxnews discussing border security and immigration at 6 15am pst  see you s…
rt  housebudgetgop  it s small business week  icymi   uscbo recently projected that  because of tax reform  about 1 million jobs will be cre…
thank you  heathermizeur for hosting me on your podcast  mizmaryland  soul force politics  between our nation s two…
about to join  davidasmanfox on  foxbusiness to discuss the doj and fbi s failure to produce documents related to the trump dossier  tune in
tonight s speech by  potus showed a firm committment to achieving a stable  peaceful afghanistan and rooting out terror 
 few measures that we could take would do more to promote the cause of freedom at home and abroad than complete fre…
rt  krisjohnson_iom  thank you  repnewhouse for kicking off the day of mtgs with the entire delegation  a w bin d c 
reminder  the deadline for the 2018 summer internship program is march 9  2018  interested candidates can find the…
huge thank you to my interns dan and rebeckah for all of their hard work this semester  interested in interning i…
rt  tnpharmacists  thanks to congressman  repdianeblack for meeting with us and for supporting pharmacist-provided patient care  2018 pharm…
rt  pg_beigh  news out of  replahood s office last week  route 66 bill has passed committee  lahood named to ways and means i wrote about…
florida is not out of the woods yet when it comes to preventing another catastrophic oil spill  we need to pass my…
rt  speakerryan  the late rev  billy graham will lie in honor in the u s  capitol rotunda today  here is how you can watch the service at 1…
if you are interested in attending a service academy  save the date for academy day 2017 
every student should have the opportunity to further their learning and pursue their dreams in a safe environment …
if it took a little longer to get your coffee at  starbucks on neil st in champaign yesterday  it was because they…
👍 the news can t be ignored—tax reform is doing great things for all americans 
good to join limestone county commission chairman mark yarbrough today for lunch  we re both excited about the posi…
today i celebrated national dayof prayer in statesboro and augusta   i will give thanks to the lord according to his…
i m honored to have a local southern california job creator join me as my guest for tonight s  sotu   james lin is t…
rt  gillianrhayes  proud to represent  ucirvine at the congressional app challenge hosted by  repedroyce c s4 all
rt  cufederal  ty  sencorygardner &  repmikecoffman for your work over the years to help develop the north side of the  cuanschutz campus …
failure is not an option 
this is what real leadership looks like  president  realdonaldtrump recognizes iran has lied since striking the dea…
looking forward to tomorrow s mlk day parade  also  i ll be hosting neighborhood office hours in the afternoon   
rt  househomeland  today marks the 15th anniversary of  dhsgov  thank you to the men and women who work tirelessly each and every day to ke…
great to meet with representatives from the ohio state building & constructions trades council this week  track rec…
rt  waysandmeansgop  this week w&m unanimously passed a package of 9 bipartisan bills that will redesign the irs so that it puts the tax…
today on national day of prayer  my biggest concern is that america needs to come back to the word of god  today we r…
icymi   repbrendanboyle & i sent a letter to  whitehouse urging a reconsideration of the funding freeze to…
i m very proud that my bill has passed  househomeland  and i m hopeful that this commonsense and bipartisan bill wi…
we recognize may as mental health awareness month  during this month  we try to break the negative stigma surroundi…
rt  lwhitmir  it s huge c-17 to take 20 200th red horse members to virgin islands for hurricane irma relief njnow
wv is the epicenter of the opioid epidemic  the failure of these companies to take responsibility for their actions…
scenes from this morning s highways hearing  infrastructure photo  dc  congress transportation
today  the entire r and d congressional baseball teams introduced a bill to help officers bailey and griner…
appreciated the tour at  pellettech in york to learn more about their commitment to research and development in the…
noah martin proudly displaying his art that came in 1st place in  ky02  for the 2016 congressional art competition 
i had a great meeting with president al burgess and legislative coordinator raul santiago of  afgenational local 20…
rt  reppoliquin  watch  soon i ll be participating in the  housevetaffairs hearing on these troubling findings  me…
it was great meeting with dan nordberg   sbarockymtn regional administrator  to discuss opportunities to help our…
tonight  the house votes on  benniegthompson s bipartisan bill establishing a national monument at the mississippi…
rt  repdennyheck  1700 civic dr  dupont  wa 98327 map 
wishing all those who serve as fathers a happy father s day 
with my support  the house just passed the right to try act - legislation to let terminally ill patients try experi…
grateful for the opportunity to spend time today with the remarkable students from columbia high school s jrotc 
next week  housejudiciary is set to mark-up my bill protecting musical works recorded before 1972 - like the treasu…
rt  hascrepublicans  tune in  chairman  mactxpress &  hasc  republicans press conference on the budget agreement - watch live
our military members have sacrificed so much to protect our freedoms  and giving your time is a tremendous way to e…
sham election in cuba is yet another example of the regime s dictatorial repression of fundamental freedoms which…
happy swearing in day friends and freshmen    brianmastfl  jackbergman_mi1  scotttaylorva & more  🇺🇸
pleased to see the senate pass tax reform last night  it s time to put money back in the pockets of the hard-work…
new law honors the men & women who gave  the last full measure of devotion  in the service of our nation 
8 years later & the fact remains that too many first class people are getting second class care under obamacare  wh…
my heart goes out to the family of anthony stephan  austin is a strong community  and it s friends like this that r…
rt  hascrepublicans  icymi   rep   austinscottga08 - bipartisan budget agreement will rebuild our military  support military families - htt…
it s time  footballuga  go dawgs rose bowl u g a rose bowl
now  it s time for a vote on a border security and  daca  solution  tune in to learn more 
rt  chamberodessa  join us on thursday  july 7th for the chickn 4 u grand opening ceremony 
last night  at 3 40 a m  est  i spoke on the house floor encouraging passage of the two-year budget deal to fund th…
rt  cnycentral   repjohnkatko talks to  michaelbenny ahead of tonight s safe at school town hall discussion  tune in at 7p on nbc3  cbs5  or…
el nombramiento de hoy del nuevo dorticós es una coña 
i was on  foxnews yesterday discussing north korea as well as the president s upcoming meeting with putin 
talking tax reform now with  newsguy760 on  wjrradio tune in 
talking with paul miller on  wphmradio about my bill  the stb information security improvement act  which passed th…
let there be no doubt that we are experiencing a crisis in military readiness & we must address this now  more u s…
rt  pologirl  thank you  repdavidyoung for joining  google at the cs first roadshow yesterday at meredith middle school and your help showc…
merry christmas  please join mylene and me in thanking the men and women in uniform around the world  and their fam…
the subcommittee on economic opportunity just favorably reported seven bills to the full committee  read more about…
speaking at this mornings prayer breakfast 
at  housescience hearing this morning i spoke w/ acting nasa admin  lightfoot about  nasa s budget  i have some con…
march madness tips off next hour  good luck to the 3 pa teams  here are their first round games  today at 2 00pm …
check out my op-ed on terrorism and isis from the  vvdailypress 
congratulations to brenda sanchez of guntersville high school for winning this year s best of show at the 4th distr…
 brooksblanton  speakerryan even the new york times and bloomberg see this for what it is schumer shutdown
on this tax day  let s hear directly from the states on the tax cutsand jobs act  georgia -  people were jumping up…
perry offers additional comments on charlottesville  va 
job creators know that maine is america s wood basket and is home to the hardest working people in the country  we…
happening now   natresources oversight hearing on  the benefits of the navajo generating station to local economies…
this violation of the public trust is unacceptable and justifies a new special prosecutor or other further investig…
the good news keeps coming  two additional  ca  companies  ecutopia and mec arial work platforms  announced employee…
rt  concernedvets  thank you  repdlamborn
thanks to everyone in fairview who came out to my first of ten town hall meetings this month 
additionally  iran has continued developing its missile arsenal  launching over 20 ballistic missiles since the deal was signed in 2015 
utility companies are passing on savings to customers in over 39 states — virginia is one of them  tax reform
last week  my dc staff visited  metrohealthcle to talk about the hospital s transformation plan for its main campus…
 indivisiblebend thanks   indivisiblebend  onions are great  in fact  onions generate  125 mil for or s economy
we always celebrate our police  military  and veterans  you have forever have our support  young preston  who sat i…
ken isaacs has served survivors of rwandan genocide  assisted syrian refugees  led relief efforts in dozens of coun…
jerusalem is undeniably the capital of israel   potus and president morales of guatemala have shown incredible mor…
rt  housescience    replipinski s h r  5086  the innovators to entrepreneurs act of 2018  co-sponsored by  repwebster  has been approved by…
i had a productive visit with the nc home builders association last week  thank you for the great discussion 
 for god so loved the world that he gave his one and only son  that whoever believes in him shall not perish but ha…
rt  petehegseth   the va needs to remember it doesn t exist to serve the va  but to serve our veterans   — congressmandan benishek v aaccou…
rt  desjarlaistn04  i m an original co-sponsor of  toddrokita s slap act to prosecute sanctuary city officials who aid and abet criminal al…
main street should be just as much of an incubator for innovation as silicon valley  but that s not possible if the…
 craighdurham 50-49  with mccain not voting and mcconnell voting no for procedural reasons  try doing research befo…
glad to see the house intel committee voted to release the fisa memo  it is my hope that the white house supports i…
the citizens  mandate to stop obama s fundamental transformation of america
i co-sponsored h res  835  which passed the house today  it recognizes 70 yrs of statehood for israel and calls on…
the hatred and violence by white supremacists in charlottesville must be condemned  please see my full statement 
proud to host my 46th in-person town hall meeting this saturday  february 10 beginning at 9 00 am in bridgewater 
tune in 
created in 1952 by a joint resolution of congress and signed into law by president truman  the national day of pray…
what a great morning  i started the day surrounded by longtime friends at the  mgmchamber eggs and issues breakfast…
  repstevechabot   i m privileged to hear the stories of every day americans waking up at the crack of dawn to purs…
visited the hillsdale area career center today to learn about their new cyber security program and workforce develo…
reminder  i ll be hosting a facebook live town meeting tonight at 6 30pm on my facebook page 
had the chance yesterday to share some of my concerns about the administration s trade and tariff policy with…
honored to be at the billy graham ceremony to pay my respects to an american hero  and champion for christ 
  potus designated april 2018 as second chance month  it was great to join  csgjc for a celebration of our work to…
rt  dondaileyapt  tonight   8 on  capitoljournal   repbyrne on dc turmoil   repbarrymoore on leaving the leg   &  senhanksanders on 36 year…
opioids are powerful drugs & have the potential to become incredibly addictive  it s imperative our nation s prescr…
barbara bush will be remembered as a tough and caring woman  she was a fierce advocate for family literacy and cont…
join me tonight for a live telephone town hall meeting at 6 30pm  click the link below to listen in 
icymi  here is my weekly newsletter - the hill report 
 the smuggling of illicit synthetic drugs in the international mail … poses a significant threat  more highlights f…
tune in to  foxbusiness at 7 40pm et  i ll be talking with  loudobbs about the mueller investigation and border security 
rt  waysandmeansgop  now live → tax cuts and jobs act  h r  1  house-senate conference committee open meeting
rt  rephartzler  our farm s getting ready to plant corn in this new field  🌽  we re glad to finally be putting seed in the ground this week…
rt  waysandmeansgop  our bold tax reform delivers a tax code so simple that 9/10 americans will be able to file their taxes on a form as si…
rt  my_jpa  icymi   facebook is coming to neighboring  newtoncounty
may marks military appreciation month  i want to take this time and thank all of our brave men and women for their s…
nebraska is privileged to have so many communities focused on supporting small businesses  the haymarket is just on…
rt  nhc_atlantic  hurricane irma advisory 29a  eye of potentially catastrophic category 5 hurricane irma passes over st  martin 
rt  springfieldnl  look back  former first lady barbara bush s visits to the ozarks
members of the rx drug abuse caucus discussed the international opioid epidemic today with the…
rt  speakerryan  enjoyed discussing the tax cuts bill  natural rights  and the future of the conservative movement with  benshapiro this we…
shelter locations for brevard county
rt  brazoriacounty  curfew - mandatory and voluntary - brazoria county
congratulations to all the recent graduates of  tarletonstate  tarletonalum tarleton grad bleed purple
thank you highland lakes for inviting me to participate in your veterans day ceremony  we owe our veterans a debt w…
rt  farmcredit  farm credit was honored to host  repfranklucas to discuss key issues like the farm bill  thanks congressman for championing…
rt  fishwildlife  very excited to see the pittman-robertson wildlife restoration act to modernize the funding of wildlife conservation  h …
american s have every right to read memo  it brings to light serious questions about politicization of our top leg…
news  just met w/  secretaryzinke re  proposed offshore drilling  as i have long said facts w/ south jersey   no oi…
rt  natlprayer   no political party owns the patent on prayer   -  repmarkwalker national day of prayer
while this is a good example of how china throws its weight around  the problem runs deeper than bullying  the chin…
you ll have to pry it from my cold  dead  dough-covered hands 
partnered w/  sendeanheller to intro a strategic & critical minerals bill that will create good-paying jobs in nv 
we extend our deepest sympathy to the families of those who died in las vegas  and those who survived this horrible tragedy 
i am proud to be an original cosponsor of the retire act which would automatically enroll participants in electroni…
i enjoyed visiting small businesses in liberty county to hear from business owners firsthand  the tax cuts and jobs…
this should make us all angry  we need work requirements for able-bodied adults who receive food stamps  it would m…
rt  househomeland  members of  househomeland delegation led by  repjohnkatko hear from officials on enhancing information sharing between e…
rt  foxnews    repmiketurner the obama-era neglect of our military must come to an end
early morning meeting w/ constituents at the soprema senior center  i do my mom s taxes each year  but some do not…
big news  house voted to name checkpoint for fallen agent  proud to sponsor this bill w  repmccaul &…
my prayers are with those injured or killed in charlottesville  there is no place for hatred or racial supremacy in our nation 
saddened to learn of phil grey s passing  he was a proud veteran who served his country with honor  his family  his…
  southarkcc s center for workforce education continues to grow  providing students with the skills necessary to co…
some ppl suggest we get rid of the taxable minimum & subject all earnings to payroll taxes   
great to welcome fisher sand and gravel co  president tommy fisher for tonight s  sotu  
rt  nature_wonks  thank you   repsanfordsc  for meeting with  noaadigcoast partners and for your support of natural infrastructure to prot…
thank you  district attorney wade jackson and the rotary club of floyd county  for inviting me to discuss important…
the men and women who serve our nation should not have to sacrifice the quality of their children s education  as w…
rt  pursuithq  in 2016  over  1 billion in performance bonuses were hidden from public disclosure  circumventing the transparency revolutio…
rt  repmgriffith   robwittman and i remembered virginia tech president emeritus charles steger on the house floor this evening 
awful to hear  may we remember their legacy of service  please pray for their families and friends 
 senategop needs to support our veterans and pass hr1181  no one should lose constitutional protections without due…
our entire community s thoughts & prayers are with  stevescalise  uscp & staff who were injured in today s shooting
fantastic meeting with my environmental advisory council in tappahannock this morning  a lot to discuss   va01 
rt  sbcountysheriff  the public can call 1 866 346 7632 if they have any information or leads on the active shooter incident in san bernad…
great story from the  shelbystar honoring the life and legacy of reverend billy graham and highlighting his connect…
congress must fund the children s health program  more than 6 000 kids in my district depend on it  we can t play…
just now  the open internet preservation act  a bill i am proud to cosponsor  was introduced in the house  i ve he…
who supports h r  4  the better question is who doesn t  from labor groups  to tech companies  pilots association…
martha mcchesney berry was an american educator credited with creating work-study programs grounded in the christia…
yesterday   whitehouse sent a formal request to congress requesting more disaster relief for the recent hurricanes 
my good friend arkansan judge tom eisele was a man i deeply respected  martha and i were sad to learn of his passin…
rt  repdrewferguson  today is the last day that americans will have to live under our outdated tax code  to learn more about how much easie…
rt  repmimiwalters  today marks the final time that americans will file their taxes under our old  unfair tax code  tax reform tax day htt…
while at the pentagon  i also had the opportunity to visit with secretary wilson – she gives me great confidence in…
going on  kusinews regarding house passing cr and now waiting on senate to do the same  stopgap spending is advers…
posey to speak at space coast women in defense stem council meeting  politics
small businesses like the country dairy farm store are the foundation of our economy the ride2015  rephuizenga
rt  israelinchicago   repjimbanks thank you  repjimbanks for your ongoing support in our valuable and strategic alliance u s israel alliance
teaming up with  rephastingsfl to host  flgovscott for bipartisan fla  congressional delegation meeting tmrw on hurricane response  sayfie
we re in denham springs  louisiana to speak at the kiwanis luncheon at big mikes sports bar and grill  the man hims…
rt  sugarreform  we thank  repchriscollins for joining us today at  fordguminc and helping lead the cause for sugar reform
rt  kyelectriccoops  great to talk with  repguthrie about issues affecting kentucky s electric cooperatives  thanks for being an advocate f…
this position has a fixed 6 yr term that must be senate-confirmed  just like department secretaries & other high-level federal agency heads…
i would like to thank the students who submitted projects to my congressional app challenge  fantastic job by bright  nj  students 
great to see sammy l  davis  a true hoosier hero  will be recognized with our state s highest honor by  govholcomb …
  poli_pockette thanks for your question  ask buddy
i won t accept pay different than any other fed employee during schumershutdown  nopayforcongress
was honored to welcome  samhoustonstate leaders to the capitol today  they are doing such great work for  tx08  stu…
rt  publicpowerorg  representative randy hultgren  rephultgren honored for protecting tax-exempt municipal bonds  p… 
this week  right outside my district office  deca state championships are in full swing  a great organization for y…
i am in total agreement with the decision to withdraw the united states from the iran nuclear deal  my full statem…
lowering the tax rate on individuals and businesses is giving americans the choice to spend their money instead of…
congrats to pineville mayor clarence fields for earning another term  he does a great job  and i look forward to co…
the 2-year bipartisan budget deal honors our u s  armed forces and provides certainty for programs that american fa…
read my full statement here 
the committee welcomes  repshimkus   reppeteolson  &  reppaultonko to testify on h r  806 
today & every day  we thank those who have served our nation selflessly  bravely  and honorably in the armed forces…
earlier this week i spoke with  news9 s justin dougherty about my new waste watch report 
missouri is being awarded  10m for the second year in a row to combat the opioidcrisis  i am excited to see how th…
rt  kasuradio  congressman crawford talks 2018 farm bill
 randybuist  mlive wrong  it happened multiple times under the carter administration  schumer shutdown
today  bloomberg reports highest consumer confidence in us economy in 17 years  tax cutsand jobs act is making americ…
this week is national small business week  i encourage everyone to shop local and support  ca50  small businesses 
watch chairwoman  virginiafoxx deliver her opening statement at today s hearing on privacy and evidence-based polic…
heading down to the house floor to count the electoral college votes  watch it live 
today i went behind the scenes and toured  cvshealth distribution center in chemung  ny where we discussed how…
no fake news here - the chip funding bill passed the house on november 3  2017  we re waiting for  senschumer to re…
by exposing secret settlements & discontinuing using tax dollars to pay for member misconduct  congressional accoun…
  edworkforce subcommittee on higher ed & workforce development will be busy this year  read about my priorities 
look who s coming to town→ find out in this week s e-newsletter  keeping you informed about my work in washington a…
i urge my senate colleagues this week to listen to survivors and pass  fosta    my amendment  end trafficking
rt  stevescalise  the economy is making a comeback → unemployment claims fell to the lowest point since 1969
rt  jecrepublicans  chairman  reperikpaulsen is about to go on with  varneyco on  foxbusiness to discuss taxreform s economic impact  tune…
got to visit w/ kelsey hedges & her twins  izabella & brielle  kelsey bravely defended their lives when she was pre…
happening now - improper payments in state-administered programs  medicaid  watch here 📺 https //t co/pl5g8sskwk
breaking   repstevechabot applauds  fcc and  commercegov  secretaryross  actions against nefarious state-sponsored…
a student looking for help with college tuition has to go through 100  pages of tax instruction  that isn t helpful…
rt  darrenrovell  30 years ago today  press conference at trump plaza for wrestlemania iv
h r  5197  alternatives to opioids  alto  in the emergency department act  as amended  has been reported to the full cmte by voice vote 
tax reform news today  joe at primrose school of maple grove says employees all got a raise and will get more trai…
reminder   repdebdingell and i are hosting a veterans resource fair tomorrow at vfw post 423 to help veterans acces…
my wife  gina  and i will long remember the wit  humor  conversations and friendship with the  silver fox  as she w…
in light of recent campus gun tragedies  we must protect our children and their safety at school  i am pushing for…
this morning i had the honor of speaking to the young leaders of the meridian community college s honors college 
congratulations to andrea sanchez  our congressional app challenge winner  her ivolunteer app allows kids to keep t…
rt  waysandmeansgop  today is takebackday  visit to learn how you can help prevent drug addiction and fight the o…
my friend jim bridenstine is as principled  thoughtful  and dedicated as anyone you ll find  an excellent choice by…
music licensing legislation requires the broad bipartisan support of members and a consensus among stakeholders to…
appreciate all who came to our 2nd town hall  took a lot of good questions in palestine texas 
always enjoy having folks from the alabama cattlemen s association in dc  ag  al03  alabama
rt  detnewsopinion  column   opportunity zones  on their way via  detroitnews  repfredupton
best of luck to the  pick_central tigers in tonight s division i state championship game   oh15  pc  fred squillan…
 flamediaqueen  repcharliecrist congressman bilirakis is working closely with pinellas co  to get this fixed immediately 
senate budget deal only fixes duplication of benefits for texas  florida  puerto rico and virgin islands  screws lo…
wishing everyone a very merry christmas and happy holidays  🎄
senate republicans didn t pass a single bill to fund the government  the house passed all twelve bills by last sept…
i am a proud daddy today  this weekend we celebrated the college graduation…
martha & i had a great time reading  house mouse  senate mouse  to students at piney chapel elementary school in at…
good to visit with business leaders from  amchamjapan  a strong trade relationship with japan is critical for ameri…
rt  natresources  we ve got a busy week here in our nation s capital  here s a look ahead 
some of the irs s it systems date back to the kennedy administration  but repeated mistakes big and small undermine…
congressman moolenaar was onboard the train this morning and was unharmed in the accident  -staff
rt  derekutleyceo  wow  the combined glee club singing the national anthem at the army-navy game gave me goosebumps 
our letter from yesterday referred mccabe to doj for potential false statements and i m glad to see the oig follow…
  repmarcykaptur continues to be a leading voice in promoting  preserving  & defending the great lakes  it is a ple…
i ve worked with chairman  usreprodney for many years  he is a dear friend and colleague  and a tireless advocate f…
the tax cut bill will provide real relief for families  check out how it will impact three families here 
be sure to check out my op/ed in the  sunjournal outlining my thoughts on immigration reform   securing our border…
honored to join my friends & colleagues  repbera   repohalleran  and  repscottpeters at the  centerforwardus retrea…
rt  americanlegion  on march 29  1973  u s  combat and combat support units withdrew from south vietnam  to all those who never came home …
that feeling when you realize today is the last tax day filing under the old  archaic  complicated tax code …
more info on tax reform 
our country would not have been graced with the strong  principled  and compassionate leadership of presidents 41 a…
i support the president s plan to rebuild our nation s crumbling infrastructure  which would create jobs across america   sotu2018   maga 
rt  kevcirilli  here s the link to my full interview with  repannwagner where we talk paul ryan  cfpb  facebook and her bipartisan humantr…
rt  calcattlemen  watch below for  replamalfa s comments on eld requirements and their impact on agriculture in a hearing with transportati…
rt  justinamash  when congress ignores the constitution  we harm our constituents in ways that may not be immediately apparent  it is our r…
in the recently passed funding bill  our work focused on prioritizing important programs  while scrubbing the legis…
rt  richstearns  thank you  peterroskam and  rephultgren for meeting with me and others in our w v advocacy group today to discuss the value…
interesting take on business success  ideological diversity is healthy for the workplace with both liberals and con…
enjoyed chatting with folks from national nurses united yesterday  discussing the health and safety of the nurses a…
president  realdonaldtrump s administration is working together to improve & streamline environmental reviews for m…
commuters across southern california are feeling even more pain at the pump this week as gas prices continue to ris…
i joined my colleagues in sending a letter to  usgsa administrator murphy urging her to cancel citibank s federal c…
in 2016  over 4 500 californians died from opioid overdoses  i met with lourdes from  biocorrx this afternoon to di…
met with  john_walsh to discuss surveillance & security measures  outstanding american who overcame family tragedy…
icymi  great news from lawrence  tax reform leads to bonuses for kansans 
rt  cbseveningnews  listen   it was a very sudden jolt  as if we hit something  there was no break prior to that    repjeffdenham who sha…
as mayor of dayton  i developed brownfields to reinvest in our city and spur economic growth  including the buildin…
with 29 600 000  small bizs in the us  i m grateful that  potus understands the impact small biz has on our economy…
local food banks  after school programs  shelters & many other organizations run from the hard work of volunteers …
from my family to yours  happy easter  the lord is risen indeed 
did you know     small business week
checked in with sussex county residents at sparta day festivities 
the house just voted to reauthorize the faa for 5 years   hr4  will modernize our aviation infrastructure  improve t…
happy to be at  orlandobaking in ne ohio w  sbagov administrator  sbalinda to see up close the success orlando has…
 unfortunately  in many cases  the irs has failed to provide the quality customer service they claim to be striving…
glad i was passing by and could take a photo for  repjohnlewis and guests in the capitol today 
want to learn more about the benefits of the tax cuts and jobs act  visit or text  tax reform  to 50589 
i have worked closely with secretary zinke throughout the review process and i am very confident this will be a win-win for our state 
low- and middle-income taxpayers receive the largest percentage cut in the bill  the group of taxpayers making betw…
our economy is booming under president trump s leadership  with today s announcement of the unemployment rate falli…
thanks to  challfoundation founder and former chardon hs coach frank hall  and president  tim armelli  for stopping…
with the collapse of the so-called caliphate in iraq and syria  there s been a spike in foreign fighters returning…

and i had a great conversation with  whsvbobcorso discussing legislative updates from congress and the important wo…
rt  usrehab_vgm  president of u s  rehab greg packer and director of  vgmgovrelations tom powers met with  repdavidyoung for the capitol hi…
sad to hear of the passing of my colleague  congresswoman louise slaughter  she was a thoughtful  gracious public s…
in 2016  my survivors bill of rights act was enacted into law to ensure that sexual assault victims have the means…
can you blame them 
we all agree that disability fraud is a serious issue 2/6
thank you allison for the valentine  it was a pleasure to meet you  this is american heart month and last night i vo…
check out my latest newsletter to learn more about my 2017 year in review  my recent meetings in or  & inspiring yo…
yesterday  nikiinthehouse & i introduced the p e r s i s tagainst m s tact to combat sexual assault in the military   read… 
taking to the floor for a special order hour on veterans suicide with my friend  repsinema and other members  watch
it was truly an honor to welcome veterans on the land of lincoln honor flight to washington dc this morning  thank…
today in  financialcmte we re tackling fixing our national flood insurance program 
sears & delta airlines are the latest companies to have potentially exposed customer payment info  both believe the…
rt  speakerryan  the late rev  billy graham will lie in honor in the u s  capitol rotunda today  here is how you can watch the service at 1…
rt  axios    darrellissa   if something starts bipartisan  it can stay bipartisan  if something starts partisan  it almost always stays par…
joining  1450whtc now for our tuesday morning q&a  tune in &gt 
rt  secnielsen  looking forward to continuing to work with you and your team on the deployment and in passing legislation to end catch and…
to brightline i say this  it is not narrow minded to care about the safety of our children  it is not narrow minded…
met today with u s  state department s under secretary for political affairs  thomas shannon to discuss u s  policy…
today is such an important day in our country—the day proclaimed by our president as a national day of prayer  all am…
 2  this bill reauthorizes a national drone test site in central new york and will prioritize drone research led by…
tomorrow is national d e a take back day  let s protect our families & communities together by dropping off any unused …
rt  justinamash  section 702 of fisa allows the government to conduct warrantless searches on americans and maintain massive troves of our…
help for fl citrus is finally on the way  just voted to approve  3 6b for usda to help fl farmers and growers recov…
rt  foxbusiness    cathymcmorris   i am concerned that the left is putting politics ahead of what s best for the country  
today is national prescription drug take back day  i encourage those who wish to dispose of unwanted  expired or un…
in  miamiherald  russ jollivette was a thoughtful leader for  univmiami for many years and dexter and i were proud…
  gdrta has received a  2 325 000 grant from  usdot for new buses  i cosponsored and spoke on  housefloor in suppor…
rt  iupedu  james renacci  80  iup 2018 distinguished alumni award recipient  via  youtube
rt  ctia  the raceto5 g is on and  susanwbrooks &  brendancarrfcc understand the importance of u s  leadership in spurring its potential fo…
i p a b repeal has the support of 271 bipartisan house members  nearly 800 coalition groups from all 50 states  the time to act is now 
young hoosiers are the future of our country  and their schools should be safe places where they can learn  grow  a…
great stopping by taste of the world for coffee  always proud to support local small businesses 
great being at  orlandobaking talking with  sbalinda about how small businesses can thrive in a free market system…
are you a soccer fan  read about our resolution supporting the north american united bid to host the 2026 fifa worl…
thank you to constituents who came to my town hall in berks county  enjoyed our conversations and your feedback …
i just voted to combat terrorist use of social media to advance their message of hate   ca08 
it was great to open up bud and betty s pace at  coppermountainc last week   ca08 
met with  fl25  medical professionals to discuss critical healthcare funding in  houseappropsgop labor/hhs legislati…
i m sincerely troubled by the senseless acts of violence in parkland  fl  martha and i are praying for the families…
on this day in 2001  president george w bush threw out the first pitch for game 3 of the world series in new york 
rt  joplinglobe  more than 100 people turned out to see the newly renovated neosho/newton county library friday  the 9 500-square-foot expa…
rt  waysandmeansgop  today  ways and means republicans meet with physician groups to discuss a medicare red tape relief initiative  reduce…
icymi  my office is hosting a workshop for mature job seekers today from 3 - 6 pm  for questions  call the hilliard…
rt  jgreenblattadl  great to spend the morning with  repjoekennedy   roslehtinen  and  derricknaacp  our partners in fighting the good fight…
unemployment has dropped to 3 9% in the us  in indiana alone  we have added over 30 000 jobs in the past year  all…
president trump and ambassador haley have used strong sanctions to bring north korea to the negotiating table  now…
 chelliepingree video  check out my remarks on the house floor on this important maine jobs bill  mepolitics
wow  a 30 year difference indeed  fiudc  but i m still short and a proud alumna so some things never change …
it was a wonderful wrap-up to my day to meet with ave maria residents to provide a congressional update and discuss…
town of otto 11 30am-12 30pm otto volunteer fire department 9099 jark rd cattaraugus  ny 14719
glad to join  sentomcotton and  repfrenchhill in cosponsoring h r  5459  ending the fentanyl crisis act  read more…
1/2  the court rightly held in quill that  the underlying issue is not only one that cong…
thank you  realdonaldtrump for your leadership during a productive bipartisan discussion with lawmakers regarding w…
happy birthday  cspan  bringing the work of the people s house into the living rooms of folks across america for 39…
rt  repjimbanks  ensuring that repeal of obamacare s individual mandate is included in taxreform is one of my priorities as the final bill…
after working on the music modernization act for five years  we will finally vote on it this afternoon  it will be…
rt  stevescalise  american workers have received over  3 billion in bonuses so far from over 300 companies thanks to the tax cuts and jobs…
welcomed  secretarysonny to branch county this afternoon to discuss ag issues with our local farmers and producers …
rep  sensenbrenner   in addition to treating addiction  empowering law enforcement agents to stop the proliferation…
    accountability to those we represent is critical for a truly representative government    wi05 
citrus cant wait  fl ag must be in nov relief or industry may not survive save our citrus  secretarysonny  mickmulvaneyomb  venessawwong
rt  ntu  ntu supports  republicanstudy s  a framework for unified conservatism  for fy 2019  in keeping with a long tradition of fiscally r…
watch the hearing live here 
rt  baseballhall  42 years ago today   cubs rick monday is our on-field hero  as he rescues an american flag from two men attempting to set…
 lec_mae yes  vets should be outraged politicos were obstructing congressional staff from their job of assisting vets  seniors & others
join me in celebrating and honoring those that selflessly dedicate themselves to teach others  happy national teacher appreciation day 
rt  joshninketv  mark zuckergerg is testifying again on capitol hill today  he s up in front of  repbillflores committee right now  click h…
i was honored to speak at the residential opportunity inc  40th anniversary event tonight at arcadia ales in kalama…
rt  repdlamborn  i am relieved that the navy has rejected the application of an atheist chaplain for their chaplain corps  appointing an at…
today  we honor those who so bravely fought to end tyranny from nazi germany & close a very dark chapter in our wor…
now that the senate has failed to address immigration   potus says  the next step will be for the house to continu…
for those who say potus can order strikes w/o congress  1  can he strike china/russia/britain under same authority…
this is how taxreform is helping america s seniors→
happy 110th birthday to the united states army reserve  thank you to all our brave  usarmyreserve soldiers for your…
today is national human trafficking awareness day  tune in at 7 30am pt to watch my facebook live with  sjcda_media…
thank you   surgeon_general adams  for issuing your office s first national public health advisory in 13 years on a…
jobs jobs jobs  mepolitics
macy  wyatt  and alijah brought a ton of fun to the nebraska breakfast   dsamidlands
rt  sbasoutheast  today the small business week bus tour stops in columbia sc   forest lake drapery & upholstery fabric center inc disaster…
obamacare is failing seniors  our better way plan protects medicare for today s seniors & preserves the program f…
i have two responsibilities  defend the constitution and represent my constituents  tcot
at the arkansas aerospace & defense summit  we re discussing the role of aerospace in today s economy and the impac…
today s small biz highlight→ blake pyron is running his own snow cone business  because of  able  to work can save m…
harrison county prosecutor otto schalk was in washington  d c  to testify on the opioid epidemic →  in09 
omnibus does not provide federal law enforcement funding for sanctuary cities  read my memo   reining in…
gaylord middle school put on one of the most impressive veteran s day ceremonies i ve ever attended and i wanted to…
how the tax cuts and jobs act helps americans of all walks of life
 jorgeggallarza  mdcollege  gopoversight it will be live-streamed here 
rest in peace uncle dan  thanks for your mentorship and love 
glad to see unemployment at a historic low  but we must continue focusing on job creation 
jay was a dear friend – someone who brought me closer to god  he will be missed by many but i know the lord will ta…
celebrating another outstanding  ga09  student as makenzie ralston of blue ridge is accepted to the u s  merchant ma…
we must leave the next generation an even better america than the one we inherited  which is why our plan for…
are you aware of all the 350  companies who have made announcements because of the tax cutsand jobs act  be sure to…
watch the legislative data & transparency conference livestream at  ldtc 
my heart goes out to the family of the guardsman we lost in afghanistan  it s reminder that we live in a dangerous world 
rt  abc7alex  tornado warning continues until 6 45pm for fairfax county  damaging winds likely with this storm as it moves east towards the…
i am grateful to partner with  sjcrtl to protect the sanctity of life in northern indiana  today i had a chance to…
i spoke on the house floor to recognize the life of grady  bubber  brown  a military veteran and the creator of…
i am headed to the house floor to cast my vote in support of the tax cuts and jobs act  taxreform
last year  i toured the tornado damage in mcdonald county and had the chance to thank all the volunteers and local…
take a look at my e-newsletter to see what i did this week in washington →
god bless the police officers who laid down their lives in the line of duty  dallas police shootings
great to catch up with and grab a selfie with  ukcoachstoops and my friend  reptimryan  d-oh  who is from coach s h…
this week is national police week  a time to honor the men and women who protect our communities and remember those…
coming up at the top of the hour we ll be joining morning line with janet and larry on  wlniradio 105 9 fm  listen…
support is growing for the tax cut law  and take-home pay is set to increase next month 
restore louisiana small business program application deadline set for wednesday
  realdonaldtrump  vp lots of talk of sending senate another cr  no need  house passed make america secure approps…
rt  housevetaffairs  icymi  chairman  drphilroe  the selfless devotion that it takes to be a caregiver knows no age or era
rt  vppresssec  coming up shortly—&gt   vp delivers remarks to the wsj ceo council
thanks to all the senior corps volunteers serving our community every day  with 5 800 senior corps volunteers in wa…
it was great to meet today with the community alliance of saint joseph to discuss c-130s and the  139aw …
today is military spouse appreciation day  military spouses may not wear the uniform  but they certainly sacrifice so…
rt  repstevechabot  it was great to meet all of you today  wishing you all success as you grow your small businesses 
that was dynamic  read my official statement on president trump s first  sotu  below 
congressman griffith took questions via livestream from lee county schools students as part of digital learning day…
president trump continues to impress with his foreign policy achievements  like reagan before him  the president is…
  killeenisd_ has such creative  passionate  and innovative  cte  students  always wonderful to spend time with them 
read my thoughts on house passed spending bill - wasn t perfect but avoided shutdown & included lots of good for ak…
i just voted to  ✔️fully fund a 2 4% pay raise for the military ✔️fund rural infrastructure  including rural broadb…
happy 110th birthday to the  usarmyreserve  thank you to all the brave soldiers who so selflessly service this grea…
the tax cuts & jobs act has passed  this means → more money is coming back in your pocket  more time with your fam…
you watch the full hearing here 
national day of prayer is focused on praying for the unity of america  america needs god more than ever  let s call f…
 vonzion definitely not  please read my explanation here 
rt  joplinglobe    joplinhs junior emma briley has recovered from two leg injuries  but not the chip on her shoulder  that has helped drive…
barbara bush- first lady  mother to the 43rd president of the united states  and two governors   a devoted grandmot…
i am out at the reopening of simpson field  great to be able to thank the alexandria police and first responders 
i look forward to participating in the hearings  transport will be holding in coming weeks as we develop an infrast…
overall  nih funding for medical research is increased by  3 billion to  37 billion total for fy18  another major w…
rt  houseforeign  north korean defector hyeona ji testifies 2pmet at hearing  protecting north korean refugees 
always a pleasure to have the  ndss stop by my office  i am grateful for their work to promote awareness of the dow…
  potus s historic tax cuts continue to give our economy the boost it needs  our job market is soaring and american…
rt  texasgopvote  save a majestic ship from sinking into the depths of history | texasgopvote via  judgetedpoe
sbc examines how small businesses empower people with developmental disabilities
  potus made the right decision in withdrawing from the iran deal  nobody should be surprised that the deal failed…
today is tax day and the last time that you will ever have to file your taxes under the old  broken  and complicate…
rt  dcexaminer  kirstjen nielsen  catch and release is like letting burglars stay in your home after they re caught
the economic opportunity subcommittee s hearing at  texastech on educational opportunities for student veterans wil…
a common sense solution to reckless regulation funded on the backs of the american people r e v i e wact
today  i testified at the house  natresources in support of my legislation to authorize a feasibility study for cam…
promise made ✔️ promise kept ✔️
rt  hascrepublicans  chairman  mactxpress s opening remarks today -  the heart of our nation s defense - our most valuable asset - remains…
rt  helenaironline  u s  says forces killed 3 islamic state leaders  including 2 involved in paris attacks
our national security should be more important than fulfilling a foolish campaign promise  gitmo
appreciated the opportunity to tour the facilities & witness the day-to-day operations of plains logging co   a tim…
thornberry votes to repeal and replace obamacare
congress recently made the largest investment to date to fight the opioid epidemic  i want to make sure these resou…
i strongly support efforts in the farm bill to help connect americans with the skills they need to get off of gover…
today  on vietnam war veterans day  we honor our brave vietnam war veterans who sacrificed so much in service to our…
  amer1canthighs thanks for your question  visit for more info on taxreform ask buddy
the way we perform  play  & produce music has rapidly evolved in the past few decades  & our copyright & licensing…
rt  natresources    interior is celebrating national park week with free entrance to all national parks on saturday  april 21  find your par…
rt  repdrewferguson  tax reform is helping folks across  ga03   learn more here 
chairman  drphilroe introduces legislation to reflect bipartisan  bicameral agreement reached last month 
thankful to have the opportunity to speak at jacksonville college s chapel this morning  tx01 
more from poll  65% of americans support a deal 4  daca  that ends chain migration  eliminates the visa lottery  & s…
on right now with  mattmurphyshow and  aunielindenberg on  realtalk995   al06  make sure you tune in 
great to have breakfast with the vets ice cream patrol in la grande this morning  each week  this group of veterans…
happy small business week to all our kansas businesses and the 30 million small businesses across the country  our e…
holding a press conference after receiving an update from  wrightpattafb about what they re doing to combat hypoxia 
about to go  live  on  foxnews with  marthamaccallum  tune in 
 with the resources & investment confidence resulting from historic tax reform legislation   charter is increasing…
rt  gopleader  together w/  potus we have worked to reverse the obama admin s regulatory onslaught 
rt  repandybiggsaz  next  i m joining my friend  repkenbuck on the  housefloor to talk about the senate s inaction with our immigration enf…
rt  mymotherlode  local organization tucare celebrates 30th anniversary
rt  libertycaucus  vote alert  hlc statement on  hr1865   allow states and victims to fight online sex trafficking act of 2017
it was an honor to participate in today s joint session of congress to host  emmanuelmacron of france  as he said t…
innovation and technology are key components of a growing 21st century economy  it s great to see organizations lik…
want to keep up on the latest legislative happenings in washington and news from across  va05   check out our weekly…
rt  vernbuchanan  veteran id cards now available  all veterans can now go online and order brand new identification cards free of charge  …
i m grateful for groups like  freedomworks for their role in holding our government accountable and fighting for mo…
best of luck to umaine basketball today against the texas longhorns  let s go black bears 
honored to have tommy join me at the state of the union next week  dickinson-based fisher sand & gravel co  was one…
very simply  steve bannon must go  lone wolf staffer can t be allowed to undermine government 
today  i joined  kevcirilli and  sheryahnnews on  bloombergtv to discuss immigration policy 
no one deserves to be the victim of domestic violence  i am proud to support local organizations that help survivor…
tonight we kicked off the denton county chamber of commerce s fly in  i m looking forward to a full and productive…
i m proud and honored to receive the 2018 spirit of enterprise award from the  uschamber for helping enact policies…
exciting morning in mobile as we celebrate the christening of the u s s cincinnati  great work once again by the…
rt  repthompson    tomrooney & i have established the congressional natural disaster caucus  many natural disasters have wreaked havoc acro…
elephants & other big game in africa are blood currency for terrorist organizations & they re being killed at an al…
rt  shopfloornam  tax reform and gdp numbers are delivering historic boosts for small manufacturers  small business week
today is pearl harbor remembrance day  join me in remembering the lives lost and honoring the patriots  both past a…
thankful for your recovery and relieved to have you back  stevescalise
this tax day is a historic one  as congress and the white house successfully worked together to fix our broken syst…
in this country  no city  state  or person is above the law - and if you break the law  you forfeit your right to t…
another small business in the sixth district is twin creeks brewing company  vinton and roanoke county s first micr…
happy national puppy day to my pal  reilly 
right now  convoluted agency processes doom even the most qualified mining projects to decades of bureaucratic purg…
pleased to see the leaders of my faith taking a stance on this critical issue 
donald trump doesn t have a vote in congress  chuck schumer and senate democrats do  dems own the schumer shutdown
now that s a pretty big  crumb   keep track of  armageddon   also pelosi s term  here 
collins advises constituents of increased credit card skimming scams -
important change by  dhsgov  to protect america from terror  mandatory social media screening is necessary  sayfie
i ve been honored to work with my friends and colleagues  petesessions and  repwalterjones to provide  hbot  as an o…
cutting taxes will give businesses of all sizes a boost  allowing many to expand and increase wages 
rt  reptenney  as part of my tour of small businesses across the 22nd district  i visited  ap_masterimages  as a result of tax reform  a&p…
as we ve worked on the stop school violence act  i ve spent time meeting with school officials  security professional…
 rambler1222 oh it s ok  congress votes to break the rules before they break the rules 
i was honored to participate in the promotion ceremony of  usarmy s newest major  mike calcagni  congratulations  m…
proud to join  grovernorquist at today s  taxreformer press conf  to celebrate the last-ever tax day under our nati…
the intel committee report is out--the committee found  no evidence  of any collusion between the trump campaign an…
i was privileged to join new eagle scouts and their families at our 4th congressional district annual scout celebra…
had a great visit with  johnsoncontrols in norman yesterday  their new expansion will create more jobs and help loc…
agree w/president s new sanctions  countries & companies that do business with kim jong un should not have access to u s  financial system 
she confirmed there s a quirk in the law that means these veterans aren t treated like everyone else and don t have a choice 
rt  housegop  a vote for the tax cuts & jobs act is a vote to give everyday americans  ✔ bigger paychecks ✔ fairer taxes ✔ more jobs retw…
rt  miamidadepd  reminder  current traffic pattern ⬇️ f i u bridge collapse
on this day in 1872  george westinghouse patented the air brake  pic is an original check written from his company 
i had a great discussionthis morning with dallas city council members about continuing our strategic partnership  f…
now  talk radio town hall with  scotthennen on  wzfgradio taking your calls and questions 
thank you to  flcitrusmutual for joining our listening session w/  secretarysonny save our citrus
an irish blessing for you and yours  across  il16  and around the world  wishing you all a very happy st  patrick s…
as a reminder  the full cmte will hold a second markup on opioid legislation next week on thursday  may 17  2018  w…
rt  secnielsen  he will also announce his decision to retire from federal service after 34 yrs as a career federal law enforcement officer …
today i attended the knox county chamber of commerce luncheon  gave them an update on happenings in congress 
the president s record for the last 7 years cannot be obscured by more empty rhetoric & divisive ideas  sotu 
today we remember bob dorough—whose songs on school house rock helped teach america s students  im just a bill
tax reform works   this is not a democratic or republican idea  it s an american idea  the benefits of tax reform wi…
today  we vote to show that we re willing to put our paychecks on the line  simply raising the debt limit again isn t a plan no budget no pay
we also want to recognize highland high school s sophia tammera for garnering honorable mention for her photograph…
very thankful for the exemplary work of the fbi and local law enforcement in thwarting a potential tragic attacking 
 niosha  sheilaginhb  womensmarch  naacp ya think being holiday season & start of new congress could have made it harder to get appointment
downtown hot springs is coming back stronger than it was before  one hundred new businesses have opened since the m…
9-12 month background check  federal registration  local registration 
rt  foxnews    jim_jordan on tax reform   we should be lowering the tax burden  creating a code conducive to economic growth    dailybriefi…
workers across  ga09  are receiving benefits and bonuses from tax reform and are excited about a new emphasis on rur…
rt  housegop  the 115th congress is working hard for you on the issues that matter to you and your family  like funding the military and co…
rt  alliancecbrn   rosadelauro  call_me_dutch  repcharliedent  tomcoleok04  pattymurray  senwhitehouse  senthadcochran  stevedaines here ar…
call the senators
so pleased utah values and leadership will allow women to get contraceptives  otc   i have a similar bill in the…
started off the week with a coffee hour at the saline american legion  thank you to everyone who attended 
had a great meeting with community leaders in clinton this morning to come up with ways to address the…
members of congress are invited to share their government funding priorities at this week s member day hearings  th…
a group of optometrists from alabama stopped by my office this morning  thanks for meeting with me – i enjoyed our…
met with  ambdermer today to discuss  potus s recent decision to withdrawal from the iran deal  we also discussed r…
rt  hascrepublicans  we have to have the military capability to prevail if north korea does something that leads to action   mactxpress
rt  housejudiciary    potus   we are defending our second amendment  and have taken historic actions to protect religious liberty    sotu 
ty  radius_usa for inviting me to come see your operations in kutztown  p a15 proud of the innovative & eco-friendl…
rt  farmanddairy    repbobgibbs is the only congressman who served as state farm bureau president  he s speaking to  ohiofarmbureau volunte…
rt  westerncaucus  during yesterday s america s mineral security panel greg lucero of  arizonamining  andrew lye of  resolutioncu  duane ya…
my latest in  breitbart  overlooking comey s potential crimes  cannot be tolerated 
under current law  a soldier deployed to a combat zone receives the combat zone tax exclusion  czte   today i intro…
attending the house agriculture subcommittee on biotechnology  horticulture  & research briefing presented by…
our prayers are with ff boulware s family  and the cobb fd  our first responders put their lives on the line for us…
in case you missed it  yesterday i introduced bipartisan legislation with  repscottpeters  repjimbanks and…
it s been a busy week in the house  with work on a balanced budget amendment  opioids  facebook  puerto rico recove…
rt  realdonaldtrump  congratulations to the house of representatives for passing the tax cutsand jobs act — a big step toward fulfilling our…
rt  jordansekulow  listen now  congressman  mikekellypa is on jay sekulow live discussing taxreform - he s on house ways and means committ…
chairman bishop introduced the golden spike 150th anniversary act  establishing the 52nd u s  historical park  comm…
tune in at 3 00pm ct/ 4 00pm et to watch  potus speaking live from  afbf18  in nashville 
at breakfast with  senjoniernst and rep  daveloebsack discussing iowa issues this morning   ia01 
tune into  msnbc at 3 10 pm et  12 10 pm pt   i ll be joining  tvkatesnow to talk about the  ahca  ahead of today s vote 
i ll be on  hardball this evening to discuss the ahca repeal and replace
my statement on president trump s announcement to withdraw the united states from the iran nuclear deal and increas…
met w/ you & many who peacefully assemble at my mays landing office weekly & countless other south jersey residents…
really important work  thanks  repkevinyoder for organizing this  proud to have signed on   ca08 
rt  reptomrice  the house just voted on the biggest and boldest step in 20 years to redesign the  irs   our legislation requires the agency…
i m about to hold a press conference  watch live 
need help with a federal agency  today  our  va05  team is holding mobile office hours in brunswick  fauquier …
thankful for thurmond burnett s dedicated and selfless service as the coroner of edgefield county for 47 years  app…
the house passed the tax cuts & jobs act today  learn how it will help you and your family  and create more america…
rt  houseagnews  tune in   10 am et to see house ag s hrg on energy & the rural economy
this afternoon  i voted to rebuild our military  to give a much needed pay raise to those that defend our country …
rt  reptimryan  joined by colleagues  janschakowsky &  reppeteking to introduce the hot cars act  legislation that could save dozens of you…
looking forward to being back in the lowcountry this weekend and joining  usnavy for the commissioning of the uss r…
the opioidcrisis affects every community  many americans have experienced firsthand how devastating these drugs ca…
icymi  chairman bishop &  rephanabusa s bill honoring america s world war ii veterans of the pacific theatre was si…
rt  novatechcouncil  both sides are working together to increase access to stem education and fuel the talent pipeline - repcomstock  donbe…
rt  lindsayaellis    judgetedpoe   get ahead of the crime by changing the culture  the culture  in my opinion  has to be changed with men  …
tune in at 5 30pm tonight to hear me speak at the  cbspittsburgh eye on beaver county event  this open forum brings…
today sub comm tech looked at updating our emergency alert systems  watch my questions from today s hearing 
fpl expects to complete power restoration to essentially all customers following hurricane matthew by end of day su…
icymi  spoke with  ewtnnewsnightly s  laurenashburn yesterday about the taliban s recent deadly attacks in afghanis…
here is chairman  petesessions statement applauding passage of sanctions on russia  n korea  & iran  read here 
it was an honor to receive the  friend of the developmental disability act program  award from the  gcdse in anchor…
glad to see the schumer shutdown end and the senate get back to work - my statement below -  mn02 
70 years ago today  president truman recognized israel  and today  we have officially moved our embassy jerusalem…
may is military appreciation month  and today we honor the military spouse whose sacrifices often go unnoticed  you…
on holocaust remembrance day  we pause to remember and honor the millions of innocent lives taken during that dark…
thankful for the help of hayden and dean putting the pins out for the ceremony 
merit monday  hr559   newtgingrich
many  many thanks to the oklahoma ems  amerambassoc stars of life recipients for your dedication and commitment to…
rt  springfieldnl  c of o president to attend event with trump
rt  speakerryan  today  the  uscapitol flags are lowered to half-staff in honor of our country s law enforcement who have given their lives…
thank you  uschamber for this honor  i m humbled to have been chosen for spirit of enterprise award  soe17 
  bgillie13  thank you for working to help young people make abortion unthinkable and obsolete  life matters 
studies show that increasing offshore oil and natural gas production could create nearly 840 000 american jobs  rai…
during my small business roundtable  i got to hear first-hand how the tax cutsand jobs act is benefitting the communi…
are you signed up for my weekly enewsletter  it s a great way to stay in-the-know about my work on behalf of the no…
 defendourfuture whether you re motivated by love of nature & the outdoors  religious doctrine to protect god s cre…
despite misleading talking points from democrats  the cbo has confirmed that president trumps rescission package wi…
the  housecommerce committee will be looking into this important issue and we need to hold  nygovcuomo accountable …
at 11 a m  congress will honor the late rev  billy graham  to watch the service live  tune in to
icymi  check out my column in  thebulletin today on the need for common sense changes to protect crooked river ranch
house passes legislation to combat citrus disease
rt  stevescalise  on immigration  let s get back to merit & rule of law  i support  repgoodlatte &  repmccaul s bill because it actually…
glad dod open to augmenting its weather data  more and better data  more resilience   spireglobal
americans deserve to know if obama admin used info compiled on democrats  dime to obtain approval for surveillance on trump associates 
great read about how how taxreform is helping companies invest in their employees 
just walking off the floor after my bill passed the house  b r i c k act  hr1917 
rt  cspan    rulesreps meets on spending bills – live on c-span3
 sentomcotton says on  hughhewitt that s he s not running in tomorrow s  aclinews capchallenge  i don t believe it…
i toured nw motor service s new facility in longview & saw firsthand how they are investing & growing  in part due…
it was an honor to present dave klym  a crooked river ranch resident and vietnam veteran  with three distinguished…
a texas sized welcome to  denmarkinusa consul general  jacobvind  excited to work with you and the new royal danish…
rt  goparks  in recognition of his longtime leadership for our national parks  we are proud to present  kencalvert with our park champion a…
thank you to the 11k  participants on my telephone town hall this evening  plenty of thoughtful questions and comments by all 
rt  houseappropsgop  chairman  usreprodney discusses the fy19  interior budget with  secretaryzinke at this morning s interior subcommittee…
attention  tn06  students  the deadline to submit artwork for the 2018 congressional art competition is april 20  & t…
my statement on marijuana policy  mn02 
enjoyed welcoming the 2017 world series champion houston  astros to the  whitehouse earlier this afternoon …
happening now  sub oversight hearing on combating the opioid epidemic  it is my hope that we will get some answers…
rt  amazon_policy  thank you  repkevinyoder  govjeffcolyer  cityofkck mayor davidalvey  senpatroberts &  senatorpettey for helping to celeb…
ready to join  varneyco on  foxbusiness — tune in
a special thank a cop thursday to the law enforcement of barron county  thanks for all that you do 
participated today in  conversations with conservatives    check out video here   cwc114 
praying  flotus has a speedy recovery 
rt  libnofcongress  touring the magnificent mississippi state law library with rep   greggharper and state law librarian stephen parks  htt…
last night i spoke on the  housefloor in support of h r  3053  the nuclear waste policy amendments act of 2017  thi…
it was a delight to have the mayor of  cityofwadsworth  robin laubaugh  and her family stop by my office while they…
under  speakerryan s leadership  the house has worked hard to deliver a bold  conservative agenda to restore opport…
taking part in a news conference on the discharge petition i signed to urge a house vote on immigration  utpol…
i appreciate the beaumont city council standing up for the safety of riverside county residents and opposing califo…
rt  cspanwj  fri|  tomcoleok04  r-ok  on  gop  replacement of  aca  &  repblumenauer  d-or  on impeachment
rt  speakerryan  first lady barbara bush was a force who loved her family and our country passionately  the flag at the  uscapitol flies at…
rt  okpca  oklahoma community health centers are grateful for the support of ok congressman and lhhs approps chair  tomcoleok04  nachc17chi… 
the agriculture industry relies on trade for long-term success  thirty five percent of farm income is derived from…
there are three things that have to happen before there is a daca deal  there must be funding for the border wall …
each may  we salute those who have served and who are serving our great nation  happy military appreciation month to…
just introduced the growing american food exports act with  repjimmypanetta to eliminate unnecessary trade barriers…
new anti-sugar policy bill will kill us jobs in florida
spending the afternoon w/  ohiofarmbureau county presidents for farm forum  talking tax cuts  water infrastructure…
efforts to restore our indian river lagoon
across this great nation there are both first generation farmers  and producers with farming lineage tracing back t…
 kirbywtweets  clarece71 kirby  this is not the case i referenced during the hearing  however  it is something i am looking into 
thankful for  senatorisakson s leadership in the senate  i introduced the music modernization act in the house this…
rt  graydcnews    alana_austin interviews rep   greggharper weighs in on the announced retirement of  senthadcochran & future of ms politic…
we all play a role in identifying and preventing child abuse and neglect in our communities  check out…
an informed citizenry is indispensable to our democratic system  retweet to declare your support for government tra…
watch live  i ll be joined by gop colleagues to urge support for legislative solution for  daca  before end of 2017 
rt  ukcph   kiprc  /  ukcph will receive  600k from  thejusticedept  to implement  data-driven response to prescription drug misuse in kentu…
congratulations to george gonzales  his team  and everyone at  ccadpao  who are doing an outstanding job of ensurin…
meet ted  the newest member of team walden in washington  d c   who is particularly excited about a hearing at…
rt  foxbusiness    repchrisstewart   if you want to support those who came here as children  why in the world would you object to securing…
rt  cgyaffe  always enjoy visiting dc & seeing friends partners allies from across our territory  your districts exemplify the strength & si…
 1/2  i am glad to see the honga river beacon marker replaced after it was taken down last year  this marker is cri…
  boem_doi acting director cruickshank  offshore production vital to gulf economy  u s  energy strategy …
did you know you can sign up for periodic email updates through our website  if you d like information about the la…
proud to once again join  verahouseinc for the annual white ribbon campaign walk in syracuse today and to…
on the 76th anniversary of the attack on pearl harbor  we remember the lives lost on december 7  1941  americans ar…
low-income americans use payday loans to manage unexpected financial challenges  cfpb s de facto ban on loans turn…
the committee stands in recess until 2 pm tomorrow when we will continue consideration of h r  3354 
just finished 1 40 min teletownhall  over 4 000 constituents participated  i appreciated the exchange & answering m…
great interview this morning w/  drewpetrimoulx to discuss my bill h r  378  bonuses for cost-cutters act of 2017 …
rt  ifiberonenews  lawmakers desperate to stop court-mandated overspill in lower columbia and snake rivers  expect to see an uptick in elec…
i know this funds will help local veterans  and i was proud to fight for our community to receive them 
proud to introduce the improving support for missing and exploited children act 
rt  foxnews  rep  zeldin bill would revoke us citizenship of ms-13  other gang members
students from  juabsd high school  ffa   who stopped by my office today  they re competing in a state-wide…
rt  mcconnellpress    senatemajldr  randpaul  rephalrogers  repjohnyarmuth  brettguthrie  repthomasmassie  repandybarr  kycomer contact  po…
in case you missed this week s national ag week hurdonthe hill column  our farmers & our families win with  nafta   l…
facebook ceo mark zuckerberg is still testifying regarding the company s use and protection of your personal data …
rt  cf_foundation  thank you   repdavidyoung  for being a voice for the cysticfibrosis community during this week s  us_fda budget hearing…
rt  foxandfriends  rep   jim_jordan  hillary clinton and her team got to decide how and when her email investigation took place – meanwhile…
the  houseforeign affairs committee will hold a hearing on wed  at 10a about us policy throughout a turbulent middl…
great to see my friend   secretarysonny  discuss the state of rural america with the senate agriculture committee …
and the  crumbs  just keep on coming  taxreform
congratulations  reptimmurphy on the passage of h r  2646
remember that time when the russian president infiltrated congress in a blatant effort to influence our political v…
happy national ag day  today we recognize how american agriculture plays a critical economic role throughout our nat…
congratulations 
very sorry to hear of the loss of my friend & colleague  boblatta s mother  jody and i will be keep you in our pray…
today  w&m trade subcommittee chairman  davereichert announced that the subcommittee will hold a hearing on april 2…
rt  nannburke   combover cookie  for  sotu  from cops &doughnuts bakery in clare  mi  & greg rynearson  guest of  repmoolenaar tonite
rt  kens5  skywatchers will get a rare triple treat jan  31  with a supermoon  a blue moon and a total lunar eclipse 
  jimmy_peacock1 thanks for the question  check out ask markwayne
i will be joining  koanewsradio news radio this morning at 6 50am mt to discuss the  va  secretary s firing  thank you for tuning in  📻🎙
 every day  express delivery service  eds  providers carry approximately 30 million shipments and  despite ongoing…
happening now   waysandmeansgop analyzing the taxreform bill that ll create jobs & grow our economy  tune in here 
rt  justiceforyouth  on the 50th anniversary of dr  king s death  we remain committed to fighting for justice for all   repjasonlewis   bob…
rt  columbia_ncdp  the ar rcrc pilot community received overwhelming support from  johnboozman  rep_stevewomack &  sentomcotton in  dc   tha…
an aircraft carrier blockbuy is beneficial to ✅ the fleet ✅ taxpayers ✅ industrial base 355ships  senatorwicker
a senate-confirmed commissioner is vital bc only they have the authority to make strategic decisions regarding the…
great to talk about civility and public policy with thoughtful students from gainesville s johnson high school this…
on wednesday  may 9  beginning at 7 20 p m  edt we will be hosting our seventh  va05  interactive town hall of 2018 …
carolyn & i send our deepest condolences to the bush family over the passing of barbara bush  she was a great first…
we are still accepting submissions  the deadline to submit your artwork to one of the district offices is april 30t…
 we very much support the nasa authorization bill that  among other innovative initiatives  strongly encourages nas…
a true american hero  godspeed john glenn 
since sequestration in 2013  133 service members have died in aviation accidents  in february  we passed &  potus…
 icymi    potus released his budget2019 proposal  read my full statement here 
keep up the great work  earth day2018
yet again  democrats in the senate have obstructed the voice of the majority  they feel pain
i agree with president obama  a lot of americans don t trust the federal government  guns in america
on the way to the congressional republican annual retreat  the train carrying members of congress  spouses and staf…
enjoyed speaking with representatives from  wendellfoster today  thanks for your work to help kentuckians with disa…
joined  drnealdunnfl2 and members of our florida delegation in a moment of silence on the house floor in memory of…
tax cutsand jobs act
why i voted no on the omibus bill 
we remember
this will be a very interesting development to watch  tax reform is a great start  and will bring benefits for year…
oregon has confirmed that its i-5 and i-205 tolling advisory committee has  no statutory authority  over oregon s a…
today i introduced the higher education reform and opportunity act - or hero act - to give our students more educational choices 
rt  cumtd  mtd managing director karl gnadt introducing  rodneydavis at apta s members of congress breakfast in d c  happening now a p t aleg…
 vanrichards thanks for sharing  van 
this morning i had the opportunity to thank the amazing staff and volunteers at the southwest regional food bank co…
syracuse police chief fowler traveled to dc this week to urge support for legislation i ve introduced to combat the…
you can tune in live to my calera town hall here ➡️
great meeting w/ mark schortman  president & ceo of  cocacolaswb  to discuss issues important to their business and…
there has been a lot of mischaracterization of what this bill does  but the american people will know the truth whe…
the tailor act will tailor regulations so that community banks and credit unions aren t hit by burdensome  costly r…
thornberry responds to trump tax reform proposal
i m hopeful that president  realdonaldtrump s visit to asia will push north korea to come to the table 
rt  craigcaplan  house is scheduled to debate & vote tomorrow morning on  reprussell  r-ok  iran terror financing sanctions bill 
  usreprodney  i m glad to see the bill makes step to remove duplicative or burdensome regulations that can adverse…
i support pres   realdonaldtrump s rescission package  and would like to see where the democrats stand on billions…
rt  justinamash  i m thankful to god for my wonderful family and friends who brighten each day  for my amazing staff who make my work a joy…
today i voted for the tax cuts and jobs act  americans can look forward to a new year that will bring more jobs  fa…
did you know there were 2 votes on the omnibus in the house  one was to suspend the rule book in order to ram it t…
our economy is growing & it s creating more opportunities for people to find work  we want to make sure they have t…
honored to present sd police officer wade irwin with the congressional badge of bravery  despite being shot  office…
if you re interested in applying for a service academy nomination  the deadline is this monday  learn more here 
young farmers may get huge boost from costello bill
house intel cmte just voted to release the memo  after i reviewed this classified info 2 weeks ago  i knew immedia…
did you know our  cvillecityhall and  cityofdanville offices are accepting submissions for the 2018  va05… 
i have consistently advocated for stronger border security and am committed to working with president trump to solve this issue 
rt  speakerryan  this national police week  we ll also vote on three bills to support our country s law enforcement by providing resources n…
today  i sent a letter to the president requesting that he ask for the return of the uss pueblo during the upcoming…
hunters are a driving force behind funding many of our nation s conservation efforts   austinscottga08 s bill give…
the president is committed to restoring our nation s infrastructure  i join him  i pledge to work with my colleag…
rt  reptipton  with national small business week rapidly approaching  i was glad to co-host a reception with my co-chair of the small biz c…
it was my honor to address the graduating students at  irsctheriver this year  congratulations to the class of 2018 
add  smuckers to the list of over 400 companies giving bonuses from taxreform
rt  govtrack  h r  4921 by  reppaulmitchell passed the house yesterday  →senate   stb information security improvement act
last week  the health subcommittee heard from private sector health experts about their innovative practices that c…
rt  bakerjournal  congressman warren davidson was the keynote speaker at today s military recognition ceremony honoring students enlisting…
in the state of alabama  i have known brock a long time in alabama and actually had breakfast with him and my coll…
joined msnbc to discuss our tax cuts& jobs act  these tax cuts will    ✅ spark economic growth lead to more ✅ creat…
may is national foster care month  as a child of adoption and a member of the congressional caucus on foster youth …
as our committee continues bipartisan work to combat the opioidcrisis   housecommerce is launching the  personal s…
 erowekamp  woodtv see above    needless shutdown 
rt  justinamash  the  fisa702  bill you signed is much worse than the fisa law allegedly abused during the election  the fisa law you mentio…
the president s budget includes a proposal to stop individuals who aren t authorized to work f/ claiming the child tax credit 
it s official  donald j  trump will be the 45th president of the united states   maga 
rt  houseagnews  in this week s farm bill friday   repjeffdenham is joined by  secretarysonny at the world ag expo in tulare  ca where they…
while snap provides an important safety net for many americans  i want it to be an on-ramp to success  not a lifest…
rt  repjenniffer  my deepest sympathy to the families of our brave members of the puerto rico national guard who lost their lives in a trag…
i was also honored to receive the paul harris fellow certificate for my support for  oprotary and want to thank pre…
thank you to the men and women who served for their bravery and dedication to our country  veterans day
despite congress consistently voting in favor of recognizing jerusalem as israel s capital  every president since…
officer keith earle with the huntsville police department passed away today from injuries sustained during a crash…
enjoyed my meeting with lisa harrison of pike road today  lisa is in town with the community…
inspired by iranians bravely calling for freedom  opportunity & a gov t that – instead of funding global terror – f…
rt  repstevechabot  great event this morning with  wacochamber &  bcschamber talking about taxcuts  small business  and deregulation  than…
in spite of the crazy environment and partisan bickering  president trump and the republican congress are actually…
enjoyed sitting down with members of the home builders association of livingston county today to talk about issues…
rt  alalibrary  thank you   repebj   repdonyoung   repmcgovern  and  reptommacarthur for leading the letter supporting the ial program this…
today  the house brings early 20th century music laws for the analog era into the 21st century digital era  these c…
companies are giving their workers new benefits thanks to the tax cutsand jobs act 
rt  ncfarmbureau  linda andrews   ncfarmbureau national legislative director  talks about the importance of lawmakers  repmarkwalker hearin…
 the number of americans applying for unemployment benefits fell to the lowest level since 1969   maga  🇺🇸
rt  riponadvance   for many producers  the farm bill has provided a necessary safety net during these tougher years  helping provide stabil…
more than 40 yrs later  i m pleased to know a group of true american heroes will finally receive proper recognition 
rt  wsu_cougar_pres  thanks to congressman dan newhouse  repnewhouse and dave reichert  davereichert for asking for a permanent legislative…
rt  housecommerce  ms  kathy o keefe  executive director of winning the fight  lost her son to a heroin overdose in 2010  learn more about…
rt  financialcmte  house passes  reprwilliams bill to increase oversight on aircraft sales licensed by  ustreasury to iran while protectin…
rt  aikcu  thanks to  repguthrie for meeting with our group today  [and great to see staffer/former aikcu frankfort intern from  campbellsv…
improved reporting will help us better understand the magnitude of and more effectively combat sexual violence in t…
ty to sen   markwarner for supporting career cia employee and  va10  constituent gina haspel to lead the  cia as its…
grateful for the opportunity to provide a few remarks at the korean international trade association reception last…
rt  north_hills  thanks to  google and u s  congressman  keithrothfus for visiting  northhillsms as part of google s online safety roadshow…
as our friends continue to protect their heritage and future generations from adversaries  i wish our sister countr…
check out my op-ed column in the la grande observer to learn more about how we are taking action at  housecommerce…
h r  5483  special registration for telemedicine clarification act  has passed the full cmte by voice vote
going live now with  sjcda_media on my facebook page to talk about human trafficking  check it out 
it was a privilege to stop by the send off reception for veterans from southwest indiana prior to their honor fligh…
great to see many constituents last night at my town hall in pottstown  thank you for taking the time to come out 
we need a fiscally conservative party in america
  realdonaldtrump s tax cut plan will grow our economy and give working hoosiers a pay raise  i was proud to vote i…
thanks to  1480whbc and gary rivers for having me on this morning to discuss what we re doing to help massillon kee…
it was a pleasure talking with  ameribev  which represents soda  juice  and water bottling businesses in  mo4   this…
this afternoon i headed to cheney farms in ingham county  they grow 2000 acres of corn  wheat  and soybeans & they …
rt  uschamber  at today s w&m committee hearing rep   jimrenacci talked about how taxreform benefits businesses and american workers   low…
proud to attend the piedmont womens  center 2018 banquet for life tonight  stand for life i am pro life god s creation
my heart goes out to the families and loved ones of the victims of today s attack in toronto  unfortunately what we…
started my day with kraft heinz and  rise2030 packing meals that will feed hungry people around the world  today  w…
thanks to the tax cutsand jobs act  this time next year we will be filing under our new fairer and simpler tax code …
   israel s missile defense  and the united states-israel security assistance authorization act  which reaffirms ou…
cap  visitor center hosting short talks in honor of black history month  check out the cvc s special activities here
85% of missourians electricity is generated by coal combustion  i am pleased the  epa repealed the clean power plan rule today 
  starbucks   these offerings will total more than  250 million for more than 150 000 partners and are accelerated…
spent the afternoon talking harvey relief w/ tx colleagues  director  mickmulvaneyomb  & mayor  sylvesterturner   p…
it is with a heavy heart that i also offer my condolences to the family members of usaf f-16 thunderbirds pilot tha…
read more on the spending agreement passed last night here 
it s kind of a rainy/dreary day in dc today  but we still had a couple dozen south dakotans join us for coffee this…
freedom loving people across world must stand in support of iranian protesters who are seeking basic rights that ar…
this veterans day  check out the  librarycongress  veterans history project  vhp   for more information  visit…
today secretary of the air force heather wilson & chief of staff of the air force general david goldfein testified…
today  i joined the  ghschamber for  breakfast w/bruce   our special guest speakers were  gopleader kevin mccarthy…
good conversations at this morning s shipbuilding caucus meeting 
we d love to see tax reform enacted asap  31 years is far too long  let s get 90% of americans filing their taxes o…
prayers are with the entire bush family during this time  former first lady barbara bush is a remarkable women full…
captain o keeffe died doing what he loved  what he was called to do  & what he believed would best serve his countr…
for a first-time politician  no less 
as hoosiers across the state recover from historic flooding  you can report damage to  idhs at…
i ve held several hearings in  housejudiciary to examine this issue  and we will continue our work to ensure compet…
we wish the 74th fighter squadron at moody a f b in  ga08  mission success as they redeploy in their critical mission…
introduced the bipartisan hospital opioid solutions toolkit  host  act today with  repanniekuster to offer 🏥 an ad…
rt  houseforeign  house reaffirms commitment to bringing all pow/mia home
rt  wbtradio  we re talking with  reppittenger about the ceremonies honoring the late rev  billy graham  next on wbt s morning news with  b…
president macron speaks in the hall of the u s  house of representatives  near a portrait of lafayette  who visited…
 tperkins grace act  no government contracts for companies who donate to planned parenthood 
another great day in  sc07   visited palm charter school to talk about workforce development and got to interview my…
sub health is now considering h r  4284  indexing narcotics  fentanyl  and opioids act of 2017 find all bills from…
just named ways and means tax policy chairman  i look forward to playing a leading role in developing tax policies…
my bipartisan bill with rep   peterwelch will help states better identify medicaid fraud and protect those who are…
president trump is correct in calling for strengthening nics background check system & there is bipartisan support…
great meeting today with the ouachita river valley association about how we can get the funding we need to keep our…
i joined liz benjamin on  capitaltonight to discuss the iran deal  my recent stops in the district  and more  catch…
today at 9 a m  ⤵️
the benefits of tax reform just keep growing for folks in  ga03  
great to visit with the rochester fire dept  to hear about issues impacting call volume  funding & federal grants …
  potus is finding solutions to long-term problems that have plagued our foreign relations  stifled our trade impac…
now congress must act & pass the problem solvers caucus health care plan that i have endorsed  my full statement 
rt  bradentonpolice  last night  detective frank coleman and detective jim curulla were honored by  vernbuchanan for outstanding service at…
✅ home act  my legislation to ensure  habitat_org can continue its important mission just passed the house 
as co-chairman of the congressional korea caucus  i ll be closely monitoring tomorrow s historic south-north korea…
i m in paradise  pa this morning at the together community center with parents  teachers  community leaders  and…
in case you missed it  this week sub health held a hearing to examine the drug supply chain  which is a key health…
it is time we take protecting our southern border seriously  and until a wall is built  we must use all actions nec…
galveston - the american red cross is offering shelter at the abundant life christian center  601 delany road la marque  tx 77568 
rt  speakerryan  here is what the tax cuts and jobs act means for you   spoiler alert  it means you get to keep more of your own money   ht…
rt  ap  u s  employers added a robust 200 000 jobs in january  and wages rose at the fastest pace in more than eight years 
i voted  no  on the omnibus  because this spending bill doesn t just forget the promises we made to the voters—it f…
it s national small business week  this week i got to talk about our growing wisconsin economy and tour steven s eng…
rt  glyndabecker   repnewhouse  wsualumassoc current and past cougs coming together  fun bringing generations of cougs together  thanks…
rt  bpaulitik  congressman bilirakis showing support for our community  hurricane irma gus bilirakis pasco county e o c
 speakerryan we ve all gotten makeovers since the 80s  it s time the tax code got one too  throwback
rt  foxnews    mikekellypa   this is a president who stands for what is most important to america and that is our safety and security   htt…
rt  realclearpolicy  opinion | congress must fund the international thermonuclear experimental reactor  lamarsmithtx21  housescience  itero…
on international holocaust remembrance day  we acknowledge and commemorate the brutal murder of 6 million innocent…
after touring  henryschein s vaccine storage facility  i had the opportunity to speak with a motivated group of wom…
barton and eshoo applaud new cms biosimilar rule  check out our statement 
rt  houseforeign  deeply troubled by burma s growing crackdown on journalists covering military attacks on rohingya minority   reuters repo…
on national nurses week  i m proud to cosponsor the national nurse act  there are nearly 150k nurses in illinois …
low unemployment in in but many hoosiers feel the american dream is out of reach  i know we need better-paying jobs 
tomorrow   usdol  secretaryacosta will testify before the committee on how members can work with  potus and the adm…
rt  kredo0  scoop  congress seeks to give iran 6 months to accept tough new nuke restrictions or face tidal wave of sanctions
we worked hard to cut america s corporate tax rate from 35 percent to 21 percent  since then  businesses are coming…
today s bombing reminds us that in some countries  exercising your right to vote can cost people their very lives …
congrats to sage printup of scio central school for being named the catherine schuyler chapter daughters of the ame…
d a c as absolutely includes  by definition  those who committed the crime of illegal entry into america  provided th…
90% of americans will see an increase in their take home pay this month  take a look at the information below to se…
great to meet with cadets  staff and supporters of  howemilitary84 today and participate in their character and lea…
today from 2 – 5pm staff will hold office hours in polk co at the womack building in columbus to answer questions & concerns 
rt  noahpransky  congressman  repgusbilirakis tells me train accident with gop congressmen happened just west of charlottesville  va  he…
rt  travis_tritten    repmikerogersal asks air force secretary wilson about  realdonaldtrump support of the space corps    
only in kansas
marchant legislation to modernize  stark  law unanimously passes committee  hr3726 
fishing is a long-standing profession and treasured american pastime  today  i filed the sustainable shark fisherie…
icymi- fy18 defense bill provides investments to rebuild military readiness & support troops and their families 
rt  wvmetronews    repmckinley joins  hoppykercheval to talk about layoffs at mylan & the proposed bills in congress meant to address the o…
rt  reptomgarrett  happening now   edworkforce hearing on  fraud  mismanagement  non-compliance  and safety  the history of failures of the…
great visit today with students at capitan elementary school  while i was there  we discussed our nation s most imp…
wildfires are burning across the californian terrain & the results of relentless flooding from storms harvey  irma …
opening statement from today s hearing on restoring the trust for families and working-age americans  →…
rt  housecommerce  sub health will be hosting a roundtable at 10 30 a m  featuring firsthand accounts of the heartbreaking toll the opioid…
fact check  every  snap  recipient subject to the work requirement is guaranteed a position in snap employment in tr…
rt  housegop  500  companies have passed their taxreform savings down to their customers in the form of new benefits and big bonuses  thes…
rt  repmarkwalker  general mattis to our troops regarding the shutdown   steady as she goes - hold the line  i know our nation can count on…
listen live  i m joining  hughhewitt now  we ll be talking taxreform  please tune in 
rt  tahlequahtdp     repmullin will hold a telephone town hall for oklahomans tuesday  feb  13  at 6 45 p m  the call will last about one h…
please join me in sending prayers and blessings for former gov  kathleen blanco in her fight for cancer …
highly recommend this piece on  senatortimscott  tim is an impressive leader for sc & our nation  more need to know…
what an honor presenting emily of birmingham w/the congressional award gold medal - the highest honor congress best…
rt  housegop  our economy is thriving in ways we have not seen in years thanks to our pro-growth policies that are focused solely on improv…
we re encouraged to see the fcc rule in our favor on this issue  our office worked with the commission to make the…
rt  repkevinbrady  championed by both republicans and democrats on the ways and means committee  we are moving forward a package of nine bi…
thrilled to see communities here in michigan &  mi06  now eligible for innovative opportunity zones thanks to tax re…
we lowered individual tax rates  doubled the standard deduction  and cut taxes for small businesses  tax cuts for america  americafirstpol
rt  hascrepublicans   we are back under these stopgap spending measures that really damages the readiness     chairman  mactxpress joins  f…
  zacbrownband is from  ga09  and making us proud as we cheer on  uga  football 
my family and i wish you a joyous easter celebration  may god bless you and your family 
no student should feel unsafe at school  the stop school violence act provides a multi-layered approach to identify…
everyone dreads tax day  but it doesn t have to be that way  that s why we passed tax reform to make our tax code f…
 the earliest trains could operate on a partial system between san jose and the farming town of wasco would be 2029…
 krudell  vickimiko go ahead and shrug off complaint about vulgarity & arrogance  you are defining yourself
 we all share the same great american flag   sotu  🇺🇸🇺🇸
icymi  i weighed in on several topics this morning on  kusinews  watch here 
one month until applications for the 2018 congressional art competition are due  any high school student in south d…
i m hearing from coloradans across our district that they re already feeling the positive impact of the tax cuts an…
  dcexaminer   jobless claims drop to very low 232 000 
joining  billhemmer at 9am to discuss fusion gps   gopoversight s investigations into doj s decisions in 2016 & the uranium one deal 
rt  csufalumni  political science major leah milhander is spending her semester interning in the house committee on foreign affairs  chaire…
rt  preskeel  congratulations to fellow  augustajags  aug_university alumni on winning the 2018  themasters  jaguar nation is roaring prou…
the omnibus provides a total of  654 billion for fiscal year 2018  this is  23 billion above the president s reques…
this morning  i delivered a speech on the house floor to honor law enforcement officers and pay tribute to fallen…
rt  carontreatment    repdavejoyce   it s time for americans to stand up  you can t say the opioid epidemic isn t in my backyard—it s in ev…
great interview this morning on an array of topics including tax cuts and jobs act & trump in asia with  latriciatnc9 …
yesterday i pulled my madras jacket from the closet and joined with  repmarkwalker &  reprichhudson to honor the gr…
rt  sunjournal    reppoliquin looks to assist rural domestic violence victims via  stevecollinssj mepolitics
rt  alzga  thank you   congressmanhice for co-sponsoring the b o l d alzheimers act yesterday  we appreciate your support to  endalz   alzambass…
rt  housecommerce  live now  sub health hearing on  combating the opioid crisis  prevention and public health solutions   &gt &gt 
on top of individual relief  at&t  wells fargo  boeing  fifth third bancorp  and comcast nbc universal have all ann…
big news  mike pompeo will serve our nation tremendously well as our secretary of state 
  wrightpattafb has the dedicated and experienced workforce that can easily shift to f-35 work   read  more via…
in south carolina  more people die from drug overdoses than traffic accidents  you can prevent drug abuse in our co…
stop by mobile office hours tomorrow  staff will be available to help with casework  hear concerns and more  info 👉…
press release  collins introduces bill to reduce costs on prescription medications for pets - national pet day
the recent tax cutsand jobs act is already having a major impact  today  i toured charlotte pipe and foundry and met…
thanks to all our local farmers and producers in san diego and riverside counties  feeding the nation for generatio…
as a doctor and a parent  i am very concerned about any possibility of abuse in our olympic program  today i am enc…
in our quest to find solutions to encourage investment in broadband infrastructure  all options are on the table f…
great to see colonel jason garkey yesterday  now regimental commander of the old guard  we served together in the 1…
rt  whitehouse  president trump is putting our veterans first  read more 
great to discuss taxreform with  scchamber today 
great town hall meeting this morning in guymon  discussed science behind gmo labeling  epa wotus rule and dodd-frank
rt  financialcmte  here are 10 wins the financial c h o i c eact delivers for the american people ↓
 mikejinid you keep trotting out the russian bot nonsense  it s been discredited  just because you keep repeating it doesn t make it true 
  nick_lefever ask joe wilson
speaking with students at  yukonhighschool today  always grateful to hear from our next generation of leaders 
i m glad to hear my office could help resolve a medicare issue for fred and jan from ballston spa  if you need help…
congrats to ishpeming high school football and munising high school football for making it to their division championship games this year 
over the weekend i went to the  waukeefire pancake breakfast  this yearly event helps the fire department raise the…
happy 110th birthday today to the  usarmyreserve 
i ll be joining  tomshillue on  kennedynation on  foxbusiness to discuss austin bombings at 7pm ct  make sure to tune in 
 icymi   i introduced a bill last week to improve housing opportunities for moderate to low-income families  as well…
help celebrate national small business week by visiting local shops in your community  98 9% of florida s businesses…
on m l k day  we reflect on the legacy and contributions that dr  martin luther king jr  made to bettering our countr…
there couldn t be a better place than wr air logistics complex for the new home of navy-marine c-130 aircraft maint…
 praise be to the god and father of our lord jesus christ  in his great mercy he has given us new birth into a livi…
happy national ag day  our country s farmers and ranchers are the reason we have access to safe and affordable food 
congratulations to  repjbridenstine on his confirmation as  nasa administrator today →
rt  monicacrowley  amen
as russia continues to flaunt its naval capabilities  the us must remain committed to building a navy that can coun…
enjoyed visiting with the graham family this week from montgomery   al03 
team effort by  nj  delegation  thank you  reptommacarthur   donaldnorcross   replobiondo   usreprodney &…
rt  waysandmeansgop  soon  tune in live to hear testimony from  ustraderep lighthizer on the administration s recent trade actions  includi…
this week i questioned irs officials about their ability to combat fraudulent returns and the identify theft problem
this veterans day  i m proud to present a special project  click here to read the stories of incredible patriots fr…
upstate new york has always had a rich tradition of quality agriculture  it s exciting to see a new generation cont…
a glimpse into my journey working to pass the 2014 farm bill
by deploying the national guard to the border  president trump continues to demonstrate his unwavering commitment t…
 i think tax reform should benefit all americans and not pick winner states over loser states   lance said 
this week is national police week which serves as an opportunity to honor law enforcement officers across the countr…
congrats to the zanesville noon rotary phoenix award winners 
 otd  1901  we struck oil at spindletop  the well gushed for nine days before we could cap it  the oil industry was…
rt  repcomstock  on this tax day  we celebrate the doubling of the child tax credit from  1 000 to  2 000 that puts more money into the poc…
california drains reservoirs in the middle of a drought
thank you   govwaste  for your advocacy - i ll keep fighting to ensure that taxpayer dollars are spent responsibly 
huge congratulations to  tonkaboyspuck on their 1st mn state championship  🏒 🏆 🎉
every single american deserves to feel safe and be free  this new anti-trafficking law is another victory that will…
another member of mueller s team shown to be anti-trump & partisan  this is not an impartial investigation  i said…
my take  u s  house funds the children s health insurance program -&gt   chip 
great to join you  burnsvillehs  fantastic to see our young people learning & growing  and i know that with a littl…
be sure to sign up for my newsletter to stay caught up with the latest in both wisconsin and washington 
broad economic declines in agriculture highlight the importance of a strong farm bill  as we begin debating the upc…
today  the house passed the omnibus to fund the federal gov t  provide critical resources to  deptofdefense  & giv…
always great to have visitors from  mi06  stop by & tour the u s  capitol  if you  or your family  is ever intereste…
please join me today in celebrating 239 years of the american flag – a symbol of our pride & freedom  flag day
enjoyed having coffee in cheraw and bennettsville this morning  i ll be at bc steak & bbq in dillon at 1 00  hope t…
it was an honor to be able to attend the swearing-in ceremony for the sixteenth assistant secretary for health  adm…
big win for iowans   alliantenergy to pass their tax cut savings to customers 
from  wmbdnews  my visit with morton police for national police week  thank you for all you do for our local communi…
rt  iava  breaking  reps and post-9/11 veterans  repbrianmast and  tulsipress unite with  iava for burn pit action in washington on thursda…
rt  abensonij    repjeffduncan   i have a passion for the american energy renaissance    ijindexjournal scpol
rt  natresources  for decades  residents of king cove  alaska have fought to build a life-saving road for reliable medical care   secretar…
statement on president trump s tariff announcement   president trump is wrong to move forward with these tariffs  w…
rt  juddpdeere45  🚨🚨small business workers saw their wages grow at the strongest rate in 2 years 📈 | small business week |  sbagov |
on the 70th anniversary of the founding of israel  the relocating of the us embassy to jerusalem sends a clear mes…
an inspiring story about the fight for freedom and the sacrifices many must make to achieve it 
rt  househomeland  this national police week  we honor those who have lost their lives in the line of duty  thank you to all of the brave me…
sign up for my weekly surveys  stay informed and let me know what you think  sayfie click here to get involved 
i always enjoy attending the american israel public affairs committee conference each year  supporting israel and…
rt  senmikelee  retweet if you agree that republicans in the senate should make democrats start voting on each of the appropriations bills…
sitting down with  ronsouthwick1 from the  readingeagle today  ron is an important voice in the community  if you d…
live now on  foxbusiness with  trish_regan
since members of our military and federal workers are having their pay withheld during this shutdown  members of co…
keeping my promise to idaho to fight for conservative principles  scored 92% in new  heritage_action scorecard  ch…
rep  rice urges governor mcmaster to consider seventh district counties for opportunity zone status --&gt   sc07 
thank you  mr  president  the 22nd amendment limited the terms of our president  it s time to do the same for congr…
rt  repscottperry  march is national women s history month  today  we pause to celebrate the contributions of women in the commonwealth and…
my offices are now accepting cards for my third annual valentines for veterans program  for all of the information …
on with  proudexdemocrat now - talking tax reform  budget  and our upcoming community engagement event in traverse city 
 icymi    pearce statement on new doj and dhs security report  ---&gt 
historic day for usa and israel as american embassy opens in jerusalem  congrats to  potus trump and  netanyahu for…
rt  libertycaucus  vote alert  hlc statement on  hr5698   protect and serve act of 2018
with this debt junkie spending bill we re going to push the annual deficit through the trillion dollar mark  americ…
veterans day is a powerful reminder of how our nation s liberty has been secured and preserved by the members of ou…
rt  vp  karen and i offer our condolences to kurt cochran s wife and their loved ones  we will keep them in our thoughts and prayers 
spoke on the house floor last night in support of the savannah hope stillbirth child tax credit act  which supports…
rt  natresources    interior is celebrating national park week with free entrance to all national parks on saturday  april 21  find your par…
rt  repannwagner  congress has acted &  speakerryan has sent my bill   fosta   to  potus  desk  this legislation gives federal  state  & loc…
agree with  repmarkwalker and his  wsj op-ed  let s cut wasteful federal spending wherever we can 
rt  louisianabar  lsba representatives visited wednesday with louisiana s congressional delegation  such as representative ralph abraham  t…
 sunbury pipeline built by pa company  using pa resources & will provide natural gas for all pennsylvanians
i asked fb ceo mark zuckerberg questions related to codifying privacy rights in a way that are intelligible for tec…
rt  speakerryan  just now → with a unanimous vote  the house passed legislation to reform the congressional accountability act and help mak…
my daughter & i enjoyed catching up with  vp at the bill passage event for the tax cutsand jobs act  whitehouse this…
rt  justinamash  the u s  government is now more than  20 trillion in debt  we closed fiscal year 2017 with a  666 billion deficit—the seco…
the 2018farmbill will continue putting people back to work by offering opportunities for  snap  recipients to impro…
very productive meeting this afternoon with harry bill   ccsdk12 superintendent  his deputy scott siegfried and sec…
rt  libertycaucus  vote alert  hlc statement on h j res2  balanced budget amendment to the constitution of the united states
now  1 4 mil children in nigeria  somolia  south sudan & yemen at immediate risk of death from famine  action needs to be taken fight famine
i am reminded of winston churchill who at the worst of times in world war ii remarked  i never worry about action …
while bipartisanship may be in short supply in washington  d c   it is alive and vocal in new jersey  at least in o…
wishing you and your family a happy and most blessed easter 
rt  gopoversight  🚨 breaking    tgowdysc &  repgoodlatte to investigate doj decisions made in 2016 and to ensure transparency and accountabi…
i was honored to receive the  american_heart national public service award and will continue to work to increase  …
social security provides important retirement & disability benefits that millions of americans rely on 
rt  foxnews    tgowdysc on steve bannon s testimony on tuesday & talks about claims that bannon  slipped up  during questioning   where he…
thank you brent king   bob brush from the northwest chapter of paralyzed veterans of america  pva1946 for taking ti…
it was great to welcome folks from augusta regional airport to washington this week to discuss pressing infrastruct…
this is not someone you should champion on a t-shirt 
congratulations to western p a s 2018  navalacademy graduating midshipmen  it was an honor to present your parents…
for far too long  our tax code was too complicated  but with taxreform   we fixed that  saving you headaches and d…
rt  usccb  today s the day  please take a moment to call your representatives and ask that they enact the conscience protection act  here s…
it is a popular destination from tourists from around the world to hunt  fish  camp  bike  and hike – with over 1 6…
rt  march_for_life   congress must act now to protect americans  civil rights and include the conscience protection act in the final fiscal…
introduced today  the drive-safe act  which opens up more opportunities for all hoosiers to achieve successful futu…
yesterday  on the 50th anniversary of his assassination   syracuseu honored the memory of dr  martin luther king jr…
glad we cut a deal to end the schumer shutdown  but it never should ve gotten this far   senatedems using healthcar…
the hearing on the senate amendment to h r  1892- bipartisan budget act has started 
here in a  housejudiciary subcommittee hearing for an important discussion on competition in the pharmaceutical supply chain 
rt  netanyahu  israel fully supports  realdonaldtrump s bold decision today to reject the disastrous nuclear deal with the terrorist regime…
please join me in keeping the city of salem s police chief in our thoughts and prayers as he recovers from emergency surgery 
happening now  you can join live call online here   
rt  repdebdingell  led bipartisan letter w/  repdavetrott & 32 reps urging sos tillerson to combat disastrous proposal to store nuclear was…
rt  reptomemmer  now  listen to my colleagues  repgosar  repseanduffy  reperikpaulsen and rep  collin peterson on  knsi →
today   potus took decisive measures to deal with iran s rogue regime  i applaud his decision to reimpose sanctions…
2/2 i appreciate your interest and we ll get another one scheduled as soon as we can  sign up for my e-newsletter…
in september i wrote an op-ed in the  washtimes highlighting the urgent need for a new poe-sized lock in sault ste …
rt  aykan_erdemir  pastor andrew brunson  unjustly imprisoned in turkey since october 2016  listed as one of the  prisoners of conscience …
nice to meet samantha mcconaughy from tri-societies  the american society of agronomy  crop science society of amer…
sub health is now considering h r  5353  eliminating opioid-related infectious diseases act of 2018 find all bills…
this wobm report is a good wrap-up on the actions i have taken to help make our communities safer  since returning…
coming up at 9am et - i ll be on  americanewsroom to discuss mike pompeo s recent meeting with kim jong-un in north korea  tune in   foxnews
today  i  along with  repmikecapuano  ma-7  who serves with me on the  transport subcommittee on railroads  pipelin…
congressman hill was traveling on the train to the gop retreat  he has reported that he is safe and secure and has…
this year  the ssa received an additional  90 million in funding to address the disability backlog 
rt  sarahdwire  california  repjeffdenham says he has the votes to force gop leaders to consider immigration bills
i am proud to have helped secure millions of federal dollars to fix flooding problems in pasco county  these funds…
i m on with the guys over at  kgvoam this morning  looking forward to taking your calls  mtpol
last month  we witnessed one of the most horrific and tragic school shootings in the history of this country  this…
yesterday  the imf released an update to its world economic outlook showing a sizable increase in economic growth d…
proud to support the working families flexibility act at the  edworkforce markup this morning  learn more 
our heroes in uniform sacrifice so much for our security & to defend our freedoms  from freedom of religion to free…
rt  presssec  letter from secretary mattis to our great military on schumer shutdown  steady as she goes - hold the line  i know our natio…
great news  as a result of the tax cutsand jobs act   mcdonalds is expanding their education benefits program 
rt  aacr  chairman  tomcoleok04 has been a longtime consistent and strong champion of  nih and lifesaving medical research  thank you  chai…
i was quoted today in  newsday that steve bannon s recent inane remarks  could be the final nail in his coffin  and…
thanks again to  flprism for allowing me to tour their labs  it was helpful to learn more about their work and the…
icymi  proud to vote to give our brave law enforcement officers greater access to the mental health care they deser…
rt  kdamp  thank you  tomcoleok04 for visiting with dr  rice &  duerfeldtlabs this morning to learn more about  oufyre & chemistry at  ouar…
with national small business week rapidly approaching  i was glad to co-host a reception with my co-chair of the sm…
friday night s targeted action in syria was a needed and necessary response to assad s barbaric actions  the united…
rt  foxandfriends    repbradwenstrup  fisa memo was vetted  therefore the democratic memo needs to be vetted
good read from my friend  senpatroberts
today is human trafficking awareness day  last spring  i spoke on the house floor about the evils of human traffickin…
today the house passed cyber diplomacy act  it s a bipartisan  america first cybersecurity bill that will help prot…
i strongly disagree with president trump s reported choice of words  please click to read my full statement and bac…
tax reform at work  u s  employers added 313 000 jobs last month  the best since july 2016  tax cuts and jobs act…
sophia is a fighter  a true west texan  her story is a testament to prayer and god s grace  the battle is far from…
this mothers day  please join me in honoring the women who keep us safe  fed  clothed & loved  i hope you remember…
the joint select committee on budget and appropriations process reform will hold its first public hearing this morn…
keeping our air and water clean with balanced and careful policies is a challenging task  i know epa administrator…
congratulations to alameda middle school in pocatello and marsh valley high school for winning their regional scien…
 defendourfuture  repteddeutch second  we must keep bringing people to the table by explaining these issues in ways…
the current trade tensions with china is a balancing act between the need to correct our dysfunctional economic rel…
enjoyed it  thanks for meeting with me 
icymi  i was on cspan last week talking about the need for america first trade policies 
spent some time this afternoon with members of the hearing industries association  pleased many of their innovation…
citizenship matters 2020 census reducing federal funds to cities and states with large illegal populations isn t a…
rt  craigcaplan  house guest chaplain rev  sam smucker of lancaster pa is the oldest brother of  pa16  gop  repsmucker  national siblings day…
last week  i voted for the govt funding bill  or cr  before the shutdown  and tonight  i voted for the cr that reop…
it s encouraging to see the u s  forest service taking steps toward forest stewardship after years of asking 
rt  housecommerce  modernizing medicaid is crucial to its survival  read  repguthrie s take on the subject here &gt &gt 
rt  houseappropsgop  starting soon  chairman  robert_aderholt presides over the subcommittee markup of the fy19 agriculture appropriations…
 workers are starting to see more take-home pay as employers implement the new withholding guidelines …
 stevescalise praying for a successful surgery & quick healing for you  friend  i ll miss my scooter buddy while yo…
the bill makes a veteran eligible for va choice if they have cancer and live 40  miles from a va facility offering…
rt  mibigshow  i uploaded a new episode   fred upton  u s  congressman  r  st  joseph  repfredupton  mi06    on spreaker
rt  stevescalise  results  and video  of my scooter race with  samspressshop are coming up shortly  stay tuned 
rt  repcomstock  this week is national small business week  small businesses are the economic engines that create jobs and expand our econom…
tune in live &gt &gt  joining  housecommerce colleagues to question major drug distributors on o…
it s a snow day for most of the federal government  but this michigan office is open and hard at work  thanks to st…
rt  whitehouse   the christmas story begins 2 000 years ago with a mother  a father  their baby son and the most extraordinary gift of all—…
happy national ag day  thank you to all of the  sc07  farmers and ranchers who work tirelessly to put food on our tab…
happy national ag day  i am thankful for our  mo4  farmers ☺️
rt  advasal  thanks for sitting down to share your views and your work on globaldev foreignaid  reptedyoho
at yesterday s  waysandmeansgop hearing on the  ustreasury fy19 budget request  i had the opportunity to discuss wi…
maj  gen  michael  iron mike  healy was a giant in the special forces community  he leaves behind a lasting legacy…
on holocaust remembrance day  we remember the six million jews and the millions of others murdered by the nazis and…
rt  housejudiciary    tgowdysc on importance of forensic science  it convicts  exhonorates  is what the jury wants and needs 
i applaud  secretaryzinke  s quick & definitive action to overturn obama-era ban ammo ban on fed refuge lands …
the deadline for summer internship applications is quickly approaching  for anyone interested  please submit an app…
watch live  the transportation  hud subcommittee is now holding a hearing on the fy19 budget for  fta_dot…
thank you  deaconessnews in evansville for hosting me today to speak with area health professionals on important is…
washington is a dysfunctional mess  we did not receive this 2 232 pages long bill until 8 15 p m  last night  we di…
rt  indians  check our bio  w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w windians
it s time to fully fund our great military   sotu 
today  the committee held a hearing to examine the bureau of indian education and the government s management of na…
wishing you all a safe and happy new years eve 
rt  lugarseries  great hearing from  susanwbrooks as she speaks to more than 100 women at the national excellence in public service series…
earlier this week i had the chance to visit  cassvilleschool middle school and tour the newly redone classrooms 
rt  flgovscott  if your business has been impacted by irma call the private sector hotline at 850-410-1403 or visit
my reaction to  potus   sotu  
 otd  in 1912  two yoshino cherry trees were planted along tidal basin  these were a part of a gift from japan  📷  c…
great to have our office attend the ribbon-cutting ceremony for the wny p-tech stem college & career academy  read…
live hearing 
buzzfeed gets one big thing wrong & one big thing right  wrong  i m not isolated…we have 170 cosponsors & 162 organ…

why is it so controversial to democrats when someone says immigration should be based on merit  oh well  i ll jus…
rt  housegop  happy birthday  reagan  we hope you like your  early  birthday present  tax cutsand jobs act 
excited to speak at  heritage about reforming the farm subsidy system  watch live here 
icymi  joined  thedanmasonshow on  newstalk780koh yesterday  find out my thoughts on the new administration & more …
historic moment north and south korea are displaying signs of reconciliation  pledging to denuclearize the peninsul…
it s teacher appreciation week  take the time to thank a teacher for their hard work  dedication and ability to chang…
today is the last day that americans will have to live under our outdated tax code  to learn more about how much ea…
rt  mountainlakepbs  tune in to mountain lake journal for coverage of congresswoman elise stefanik s recent town hall events  plus  we talk…
had a great time at  whitehouse last night w/  potus watching new movie  the 15 17 to paris   it was an honor to me…
thrilled to have the support of  mercnews for my bill to close loopholes used to outsource american jobs  my h-1b p…
in historic veto override congress approves legislation to ensure justice for victims of terrorism
this morning i had the pleasure of meeting with two dynamic leaders representing  ffaok   drake_boyce &  kelbysmyhero
 1/4  proud to be working w/ bipartisan group  repanniekuster &  repevanjenkins to direct federal opioid funding to…
watch live  i ll be on  varneyco  foxbusiness soon to discuss broken obamacare 
what were you doing in 1986  it s been over 30 years since we have reformed our tax code  it s time to unleash ou…
rt  repdavidkustoff  each year   900 billion of illicit capital flows through our worldwide financial systems  proud my bill to combat the…
due to the costly new regs  the dam owners—woodland pulp mill that employs approximately 500 mainers—worked w/ stat…
the discussion draft  to enhance and improve state-run prescription drug monitoring programs  has been reported to…
rt  repgoodlatte  new   tgowdysc & i requested a briefing from the  fbi on the florida shooting
great series of constituent meetings earlier this week in york to discuss federal trucking regulations  transportat…
what questions do you have about this new law  veterans
thank you for all you do  happy veterans day  a simple message is but the smallest expression of our gratitude for your service 
i was happy to welcome the mcmanus family  picture on the left  from jasper  tx and the fogo family  picture on the…
congressman griffith s weekly e-newsletter 12 8 17 topics  jerusalem
the opioid crisis is hurting families throughout our nation  and we are working hard to combat it  this week  we re…
happy easter to everyone in western  pa  and across our great country  god bless  easter2018 rejoice he is risen
congratulations to my good friend  larry_kudlow for his new position as economic adviser  i am confident you will h…
today  we honor the loving  hard-working  and devoted mothers of southeast michigan  i hope you will join me in wis…
proud to announce this year s montana congressional art competition winner  mtpol
rt  siriusxmpatriot    repgosar on  breitbart news tonight  with  ramansour and  joelpollak explained how he is trying to put an end to ill…
rt  housegop  plain and simple   housedemocrats would rather play games with the 2018 farm bill than join us to pass a bill that supports am…
as we recognize national police week  thanks to  senthomtillis for compiling this list of nc law enforcement officer…
i m urging the ag to take action on the background check system  it s clear that there are flaws in the system  i r…
 repricklarsen  lindsemcpherson you re a great american 
thank you for having me on your show   mariabartiromo  in case you missed  foxbusiness this morning  here is a clip…
today we remember the 6 million jews and millions of others senselessly murdered by the nazis during the holocaust …
rt  foxbusiness    repkevinbrady on phase 2 of tax cuts   we think we can do more to help families stretch their budgets further and we thi…
 kinmanjr  realdonaldtrump progressive republicans and democrats 
at 9 am - hasc strategic forces hearing on fy19 budget for nuclear forces and atomic energy defense activities - wa…
ross johnson was one of the most memorable leaders i ve encountered in politics – steadfast  honest  sincere and fierce  r i p 
this morning  chairman  tomcoleok04 leads a hearing on investments in our health workforce and rural communities  t…
another story examining a potential supreme court justice kennedy retirement & another reason the heartbeat protect…
today i caught up with north texas entrepreneurs and local leaders at  dentonchamber s luncheon  it was also great…
great to meet with these students from piedmont middle school last…
it s multiple sclerosis awareness week- thank you to everyone who works to raise awareness of this disease …
rt  repralphnorman  continuing my trek around the fifth district  i had the pleasure of visiting  caresouthc in lee county to talk small bu…
  imnottafunnyguy ask buddy
the good news keeps coming   coxenterprises is just the latest company to give its workers four-figure bonuses  up…
its an honor to be named a finalist for the first ever  congressfdn democracy awards
 _beeeeebo i authored legislation giving priority status 4 immigration or refugee status to middle east christians targeted for genocide
the sub health markup of legislation working to combat the opioid crisis  including a bill i introduced focusing on…
omb dir  mulvaney wrong about ending salt deductions  ny & nj subsidize rest of usa  show some fairness mick 
today  hosted a fl delegation hearing on human trafficking  thanks to experts who helped shine a spotlight on this…
thank you  buddyamoroso for taking the time to visit with our interns today 
i held a town hall today on tax reform for great western bank employees in sioux falls  great…
it was a pleasure to meet with local bourbon county business leaders at  hartfieldandco this afternoon for a tax re…
rt  repmikebishop  great news  as a result of the tax cutsand jobs act   mcdonalds is expanding their education benefits program 
very sad news of the passing of mike fellows  i knew mike for a number of years  he s a good montanan and a good man 
fallen boone county deputy jacob pickett will be laid to rest today  please join me in praying for his wife and two…
i ll support nothing short of fully defunding exec amnesty in the dhs appropriations bill 
thank you to sung-yoon lee  victor cha  and chris hill for joining the asia/pacific subcommittee hearing today  col…
rt  repmccaul  congratulations to  c_c_krebs on his nomination to lead  dhsgov s critical cybersecurity and infrastructure protection missi…
with waves of new info/evidence  it is only appropriate that the  fbi  re-open the clinton emails investigation 
joined my  transport colleague  repesty to introduce 2 bipartisan bills to combat horrors of human trafficking -&gt 
1  i want to thank  realdonaldtrump &  vp for hearing our call to directly aid persecuted christians & other religious minorities in iraq 
congress must now work together with  potus to strengthen our military  secure our border & improve healthcare for americans  joint address
lake county s largest employer   steris  employing more than 1 600 people at its mentor campus  has announced  1 00…
rt  sxmpolitics   i m delighted to have the president come up  i think he ll be well received  we ll all be looking for a great vote today …
from my family to yours  merry christmas   tx24   ntx 
looking forward to talking with  alisyncamerota on  cnn  newday this morning at 8 30am 
rt  shopfloornam  breaking  georgia family-owned manufacturer lands largest contract in company history  credits tax reform for  creating m…
proud to see my amndts to house-passed ndaa were included -- missile defense and arctic strategy  read my stmnt 
it may be a snowy day in the nation s capital  but congress remains hard at work  watch the ❄️ fall over the nation…
i am proud to be ranked as the most bipartisan member of the tampa bay legislative delegation  according to new ran…
last night  i gave a group of arkansans a night tour of the capitol  during the tour  we visited with former sen  a…
icymi  i gave a house floor speech this morning imploring my colleagues to reject the debt junkie spending bill tha…
this morning at 10 30 am  repdougcollins will be chairing the subcommittee members  day hearing on article 1  effec…
holocaust remembrance day honors the millions of innocent victims of the holocaust and marks the anniversary of the…
rt  natresources  today→the house will vote on the resilient federal forests act to improve forest management & reduce the risk of catastro…
icymi  i hosted a resource fair in greenville that served as a one-stop-shop for veterans to learn more about avail…
congratulations to  nasajuno for a job well done 
glad to be with the wayne county business council this morning 
concealed carry reciprocity is already well-established across our country with the average state recognizing permi…
a big congrats to mifflin county s 13-year-old babe ruth all-stars for winning the babe ruth world series  way to go 
  repmarkmeadows  we know federal agencies are not consistently following the rules congress and the president have established 
praying for the victims  their loved ones & the sutherland springs community tonight  thankful for the local first-responders 
so far this congress  we ve held 26 open office hrs & traveling help desks  listening to you is an important to my…
it s tax day 2018 – the last day you ll ever have to deal with the outdated and confusing tax code  rt if you re e…
the tax cutsand jobs act is delivering again   fedex just announced more than  3 2 billion in raises  bonuses  pensio…
article  benishek calls for delays to increase u p  utility rates
  realdonaldtrump s announcement to defend the united states  border with national guard troops is sensible  pruden…
video - 500 jobs in downeast maine  this morning i spoke on the house floor to advocate for a solution to the costl…
 i have been driven many times upon my knees by the overwhelming conviction that i had no where else to go  my own…
 realdonaldtrump   thank you  for your support of space force  it is critical for our national security   hasc… 
study confirms advantages of regional shale play   shalecresusa
please bring your questions & thoughts on tax cuts  tolling & whatever else is on your mind during my live telephon…
rt  housecommerce  live now  sub d c c p convenes hearing titled  do not call  combating robocalls and caller id spoofing  &gt &gt 
sending my thoughts & prayers for the victims in las vegas & their families  i m grateful for the swift actions of all the first responders 
coming up at 10 30 a m  → the full committee will markup several bills  watch live here 
prayers & gratitude for our deployed troops and the families they leave back home today and every day …
after reviewing a specific classified memo today regarding additional information from the house intelligence commi…
 replizcheney hope y all enjoyed it 
like reagan/o neill   potus can deal w  senschumer to get good deals 4 america  perfect cant b enemy of good  no veto power 4 small faction 
tune in to the story w/  marthamaccallum tonight as  jeffflake   repbradwenstrup & i welcome  stevescalise back to…
as always  a big turnout for the b g kiwanis pancake day  our service clubs do a great job in helping our communitie…
icymi  i joined  mattmurphyshow and  aunielindenberg from the airport this morning on  realtalk995  you can catch u…
 darkness cannot drive out darkness  only light can do that  hate cannot drive out hate  only love can do that  …
president obama has authority to convene process to suspend  pulse flows  to save water during drought c a drought

i am on the train  and i am okay  praying for others involved 
congrats to burnet high school s jazmine castillo on being selected as our art competition winner - her artwork wil…
wait    what if all of this is working and the dc establishment is the one who has had it wrong  not…
rt  speakerryan  today  the  uscapitol flags are lowered to half-staff in honor of our country s law enforcement who have given their lives…
snowmageddon has finally arrived to dc  is a beautiful way to begin spring   🌷❄️☃️
from my family to yours  happy easter  he is risen
happening now   
rt  reptomgarrett  many thanks to  reptedyoho   repjohncurtis   keithrothfus   reptedbudd   replouiegohmert   judgetedpoe   repjeffduncan a…
chairman  mactxpress - i would counsel against pulling out of the iran deal - i was against it initially but we are…
joined  nedastaff for w  chester neda walk  continue to advocate for research & legislation to support families aff…
happy firstdayofspring and national ag day  thank you to all the texas farmers and ranchers who dedicate their live…
saddened to hear the news of clinton police officer christopher ryan morton s death  please join me in keeping his…
joined my fellow texas delegation members to meet with  govabbott this morning to discuss continued hurricane…
wishing a happy mother s day to my mom  my wife  and all of oklahoma s moms 
you and your family deserve better than this complicated tax code  that s why we fixed it with the…
as facebook comes before the  housecommerce committee this week  i will continue to push for the honest ads act— a…
had a great conversation with high school students from harrison central in my dc office today   sorry i had to cut…
today  we hosted a memorial service in the capitol to honor rep  louise slaughter  the first woman in history to ch…
rt  hascrepublicans  chrm  mactxpress on consequences to the military of a continuing resolution - watch live   has… 
 jangoodell this link is only for flags flown over the capitol 
great to visit with you 
the irs has released an updated withholding calculator to help you see if you have the right amount of taxes withhe…
241 years ago  members from the 13 original colonies officially declared themselves the united states of america  h…
•we look forward to mr  zuckerberg answering our questions and providing answers to the american people  helping al…
 al06  is made up of six counties  do you know what they are each known for 
excited to see my friend r d  james confirmed by the senate to be the assistant secretary of the army for civil wor…
 a day that will live in infamy   today  on the anniversary of pearl harbor  take a minute to read this story of he…
rt  voices4service  thank you  repdavidyoung for joining the national service caucus  recognizing the importance of  americorps and  senior…
the american people can count and the numbers don t lie  democrats voted to shut down the government  read my state…
this morning  housegop voted to re-authorize  chip  for five more years 
congrats to  clarksonuniv women s hockey on their second ncaa d1 championship win this weekend   cuknights  ny21 
mike pompeo is an exceptional choice for sec  of state  director pompeo is a good friend of mine and has the first…
 repralphnorman rt to thank all  americorps &  seniorcorps members/volunteers serving in  sc05   and all across the…
the committee s hearing on  deptvetaffairs caregiver program has resumed following a brief recess for votes  tune i…
rt  americanewsroom  listen   billhemmer spoke with  darrellissa about ag sessions and investigating the doj/fbi
joining tim ellis now on eagle 92 1 in the soo to discuss the work we are doing for our veterans on  housevetaffairs
putting america back to work -- the keystone pipeline will promote energy independence  stimulate the economy and…
according to dea agents  at least one link in every illegal drug distribution chain in america is an illegal alien 
fought successfully against the obama administration s efforts to open up the mid-atlantic for drilling & seismic t…
about to chat with  vickimckenna on  1310wiba- tune in 
rt  housegop  a government shutdown hurts our military  these are men and women who have answered the call to protect this great nation fro…
americans lost the ability to make health care decisions thanks to obamacare  the time to take back control is now 
110 years of dedicated service to our great nation  thank you   usarmyreserve  u s a r birthday110
great meeting with texas business leadership council to discuss importance of trade and a modern nafta 
rt  cathymcmorris  with the  able  provisions in taxreform  we are giving people with disabilities  like down syndrome  an opportunity for…
it s booker s first prom tonight    i m not there but kenners did a great job getting him ready…
rt  speakerryan  we are delivering the biggest increase in defense funding in 15 years  reports of training accidents and incidents point t…
rt  stevescalise  the house took an important step today in protecting the vulnerable among us 
during national police week  we recognize the service of law enforcement officers across the country who risk their…
in so fla  we are blessed to have selfless men and women in uniform like  cityofwestmiam1 police    cutlerbaytown p…
this is another shortsighted decision by the admin  i ve long said congress has a responsibility to step up and put…
breaking  the house just took a monumental step in the fight to end online sex trafficking  thank you to all of my…
rt  lukerosiak  when will the media feel stupid for dismissing my detailed awan stories  when again and again they are validated in detail…
  completecollege  we can transform higher ed  better prepare our workforce& close skills gaps keeping us from our potential  g o p future
[french president]  mr macron said   ten days ago  president trump was saying  the united states should withdraw fr…
schools like the young women s leadership academy in fort worth provide young women with a rigorous curriculum to p…
as we learned from the obama administration  there are costs to inaction in syria  i spoke with  billhemmer this mo…
we have 4 subcommittee hearings this week on issues ranging from cryptocurrency to the illicit use of data stolen…
i d like to thank the members of the idaho grain producers association  idahograin for visiting with me this week …
i agree w/ the trump administration that congress must remedy the scotus decision in sessions v  dimaya that allows…
today  the house is voting on two bills – the tax payer first act and 21st century irs act – to redesign  refocus …
check your check  90% of families are expected to see an increase in take-home pay this month due to the tax cuts a…
tax day is the last day of our outdated  and unfair tax code  our new code is already creating jobs and helping fam…
earlier this week  i questioned witnesses in a house armed services committee on ways to mitigate high costs and de…
rt  laurenmakaleev  hikmat from lebanon had the best conversation of the day with john from  replamalfa office during civedweek  we learne…
 the american people want us leading by example  keeping our budgets tight  and doing more with less  that s what w…
right now  i m joining  specnewsatx at 9pm ct to talk about the life and legacy of former first lady barbara bush …
our minnesota delegation frequently works together in a bipartisan manner- and we can all get behind the vikings …
wishing you a merry christmas 
in floor to commend boy scout troop 14 of williamsport on its centennial celebration  100 years of building a more…
the best path out of poverty is through work  research shows that americans who hold full-time jobs are 10x less li…
we rely on agriculture for not only our food but also our textiles  apparel  & fuel  american farmers & ranchers ar…
this bill would take many of the individual tax cuts and provisions from tax reform and make them permanent for our troops 
rt  nbwa  capital distributing welcomed  tomcoleok04 for a warehouse tour & to talk beer jobs  beer distribution supports 126 jobs and  2…
rt  theview  tomorrow   senatortimscott and  tgowdysc join the table to discuss how their unlikely friendship brings hope to a divided coun…
big news from the air force today   jointbasemdl will host new kc46 tankers  the servicemembers at the base have truly earned this mission 
looking forward to being on 
americans continue to feel the good economic news under tax reform --&gt  unemployment is down to 3 9% and hiring is o…
pros introduce incomplete music database to combat sensenbrenner bill 
rt  foxandfriends  what s it like to juggle being the highest ranking republican woman in congress and a mom   lisamarieboothe sat down wit…
icymi  my weekly newsletter- celebrating  tax day  presiding over the house  utpol
rt  houseappropsgop  the continuing resolution has passed the house on a vote of 231-188 
tax reform is a better deal ↓
listening 2 mi healthcare professionals incl  tim  ophthalmologist from birmingham on how we can improve our health…
what tax reform means for texas via  housegop tax cutsand jobs act
i ll be joining  trish_regan on  foxbusiness at 2pm to discuss tomorrow s  housecommerce hearing with mark zuckerberg  tune in now 
thank you  potus for the pen used to sign my blue campaign bill into law  this bill authorizes  dhsbluecampaign to…
our nation s prison guards are often taken for granted  they re the forgotten men and women who face evil every day…
the tax cutand jobs act will help make the american dream possible for the next generation  click here to learn more…
i m looking forward to also being on the show tonight with  loudobbs  tune in to hear about my efforts to end the m…
this morning at 7 00 am → senator tim scott and i will be live on set with  foxandfriends on  foxnews discussing ou…
please see info from fema and pasco co  about a town hall tonight for victims of hurricane irma  i ll be in dc  but…
honored to receive the legislative leader award in recognition of my support of pro-animal legislation from the hum…
the hearing on the fisa amendments reauthorization act of 2017 has reconvened  watch live here 
rt  joplinglobe  the classified advertising site backpage has been shut down by federal authorities  the site featured advertisements poste…
excited to see momentum building for  realdonaldtrump to receive the nobel peace prize  i plan to nominate him for…
thank you for coming to dc  it was great to see you 
rt  texasgamewarden  stay safe texas  don t risk driving on icy roads  check for conditions  here s a nearly live v…
rt  libertycaucus  vote alert  hlc statement on house amendment to senate amendment to  hr1625   consolidated appropriations act for fiscal…
i ll be joining  toddstarnes live at 2 35 pm to discuss the letter i sent with my colleagues requesting answers on…
congrats to pat ryder on appointment as nassau county police commissioner  a real professional  great choice by nas…
wishing everyone a happy and safe holiday season 
to all the former prisoners of war from  ca45   and across the country  a grateful nation thanks you for your servic…
i had the opportunity to discuss this  and my new bill the gap act  with student advocates for graduate education …
 ericyoutaxus  kennedynation  randpaul make whigs great again libertycurls
flag flown over nation s capital to honor scoutmaster from warren
thank you escondido mayor sam abed for your leadership on this important issue  i encourage other local officials…
it was a pleasure meeting with students and chaperones from heritage middle school earlier today  all 120 of them 
  repmarkmeadows  the specific goal of this administration is to  improve the ability of agencies to deliver missio…
great to catch up with tim kenny in washington  he works tirelessly to ensure nebraskans have affordable housing 
it was an honor to be a part of today s event officially recognizing the  stephensoncc as a national cancer institu…
rt  repedroyce  every day  we keep hearing more good news about how the tax cuts & jobs act is growing paychecks for southern californians …
rt  pphm1933   pphm1933 director carol joined the 375  advocates in d c  for museum advocacy2017  thank you  mactxpress for listening to th…
happy national high five day and thank a cop thursday to lieutenant geoff williams of the hudson pd
rt  vppresssec  speaking of stealing  otto warmbier was tortured & killed at the hands of the kim regime after being accused of stealing a…
congratulations to charlotte thomas of lewisville who is one of only four u s  presidential scholars from north car…
congratulations to my good friend  rep_stevewomack on casting his 5 000th consecutive vote in the house today 
 cspanvl listen to  stevescalise speech as it was delivered from his heart - he gave testimony on the power of pray…
i was happy to serve as a host for a national ag day event today in washington  d c  and speak about the importance…
the last stop on day one of the talk small yall tour was eagle distributing in texarkana  from monster energy drinks…
eastern north carolina students  you have a little over two weeks to submit your masterpiece to the congressional a…
schiff memo just released  the reality remains that fbi/doj went to secret ct w/secret docs for a secret warrant to…
thanks to the folks at page one food pantry and thrift shop in luray for showing me around recently  they re provid…
today i presided as chairman over the joint congressional veterans affairs committee for a hearing focused on helpi…
icymi  here s my interview on  foxnews today re  the ongoing mueller investigation  my  lifezette article & more 
rt  nei   our nation could continue to lead the world in this technology that was invented and commercialized in my home state of illinois …
obamacare s medical device tax is bad for hoosiers and must be repealed   via  eagle993 
this morning i had the opportunity to meet with brazil s ambassador  h e  sergio amaral  to discuss missouri s trad…
thank you for 11 phenomenal seasons   joethomas73  cleveland legend thank you73
rt  foxbusiness    repjimrenacci on regional banks   if it wasn t for those small community banks and for the credit unions and that banks…
i support free & fair trade but tariffs on steel and aluminum would be a huge job-killing tax hike that new jersey …
appreciated the chance to discuss potential legislative solutions to address the green card backlog many are facing…
intro d bill along w  repgenegreen  repdonyoung  repeliotengel to combat tuberculosis  decrease the incidences in…
rt  gopleader    repmikebishop s  21st century irs act requires the irs to improve cybersecurity and identity protection  especially to sto…
rt  billingsgazette  montana s small mills ponder future of timber industry mtnews
attention  nm02   mobile office hours for today in portales  nm are rescheduled for feb  24  2018  please contact my…
rt  housegop  good news → because of their savings from the tax cutsand jobs act   kroger is hiring 11 000 employees in their stores all over…
joaquin  matthew  irma  sc has seen 3 years w/consecutive federal disaster declarations  to better respond to storm…
 ga12  reminder - my staff will be holding community office hours across the district in march  tomorrow they will b…
tune in now to the house  financialcmte hearing as i speak live on the c h o i c eact →
rt  housecommerce  live now  sub health hearing on  combating the opioid crisis  prevention and public health solutions   &gt &gt 
rt  govabbott  register for emergency alerts & for special assistance  for more info & other tips on how to prepare before a storm  visit -…
it was great meeting austen thomason  treasurer of the idaho ffa &  uidaho student  who s in dc as part of…
rt  klinradio  icymi   repadriansmith joined  jackm_klinradio on  lnktoday to talk about a wide variety of issues 
the house just took a huge step in the fight to end online sex trafficking by passing the allow states and victims…
spoke w/  kilmeade on  foxandfriends yesterday about establishing a bipartisan task force to combat mass murder 
the people of austin are under attack by a hateful  cowardly individual  our country stands together with them 
happy national ag day to farmers across  va01 
i asked the chief actuary if he agrees the longer congress waits to address solvency  the bigger the changes would have to be  he agreed
tax reform makes it easier for hardworking families to own a new home  send kids to school  and saving for our reti…
today s hearing in  housesmallbiz was especially important for iowans- we focused on the importance of bringing bro…
proud to introduce the veteran entrepreneurship training act of 2018 with my democrat colleague  repschneider to re…
residents all across southwest wash  are feeling the effects of the wildfire smoke  protect yourself  take care 
met with  govabbott today to discuss hurricane harvey disaster relief for  tx27 
community health centers fill a vital need by serving some of the most vulnerable populations  i m honored to recei…
read  co  delegation letter here 
back in washington & will be attending president trump s state of the union address tomorrow night  9pm   will also be…
it was an honor and a privilege to meet with you 
on the holiest of days  we celebrate that he has risen  my wife marie and i wish you and your family a happy easter 
we have been hard at work fighting for policies that help arkansan and american families and job creators thrive  h…
helping students gain access to higher education is one of the most important jobs i have in congress  i am proud o…
 after assistance from lance s constituent casework managers  the [army] resupplied the award in time for the speci…
drone technology is moving at a rapid pace  and virginia is and will continue to be at the center of this growth in…
it s february and the tax cut law is delivering bigger paychecks  check your check
hope everyone in northern michigan is staying warm this week  the u p  was hit with more than 36 inches of snow 
it was a pleasure speaking with graduates from the us army war college class of 2018 as they prepare to serve as se…
i enjoyed touring line-x s new 60 000 square foot facility in huntsville this afternoon and especially appreciated…
200 000 new jobs in january & wages raising at the fastest rate in 8 years- proven economic improvements from tax r…
urgent  i want to hear from you – have you found it hard to obtain credit to help with everyday expenses  a car loa…
icymi  my weekly newsletter recapping last week in washington and north dakota 
rt  jeff_borghoff  on behalf of those of us living with alzheimer s  thank you  repadams   reploubarletta   gkbutterfield  and  repsmucker…
good step forward today  epa must see this clean-up through and restore the pine river for future generations 
rt  gaylordmichigan   congressmandan stopped by for a visit today  gaylord michigan
saturday i spoke with folks in guthrie center at a legislative coffee about the issues before congress and answered…
happy national ag day  huge thank you to colorado s farmers and ranchers who help feed our nation 
rt  secnielsen  with  potus and attorney general sessions talking about jurisdictions that do not work with us to remove criminal aliens  t…
rt  musicfirst  an unprecedented coalition of 214 musical artists are calling on congress to pass the c l a s s i c s act  get the rundown here  h…
bill provides largest pay raise for troops in 8 years  and is a huge step forward in recovering from our readiness…
yesterday  i participated in a roundtable led by  ohiotravel at the  garfieldnps with representatives from lake cou…
according to nfib  small businesses are the most optimistic they ve been in more than three decades because of the…
i have already worked with  potus firsthand as he reacted swiftly to provide relief during the oroville dam spillway incident  joint address
today  especially  we celebrate every unique life including those who are differently-abled like colby …
rt  saukvalley  in this week s illinois bicentennial feature  a look at how rivers helped shape not only the land  but its economy 
donating blood today with the help of  redcross and my daughter for  stevescalise   capitolpolice and the victims o…
speaking to munford high school s ap government class this morning   al03 
small businesses are the life blood of our economy and when america s small businesses are strong – america is stro…
rt  usnavy  around fleet with today s u s navy photos of day  a  marinenationale jet conducts flight operations aboard u s s george h w bush   eo… 
my common sense bill that passed the  financialcmte today helps streamline the regulatory rule-making and enforceme…
rt  whitehouse   both of these sacred celebrations remind us that god s love redeems the world    happy passover  happy easter  thank you …
rt  housegop  there s a better way for america to lead
tax reform continues to make a real difference for families and workers right here at home in  tx08  
lenders host mortgage assistance events for homeowners after harvey
rt  kyfuneral   nfda advocacy summit meeting ky congressman  repguthrie thank you for the great meeting  n f d ain d c
excited to see oneida group and anchor hocking are choosing to invest in lancaster  welcome to  oh15   jobs
so many lives cut short  so many lives will never be the same  our hearts are heavy today 
the house intelligence committee s investigation has gone completely off the rails  end it now  no collusion
our schools in the third district are the best in the country  and a big reason why families choose to live here  t…
yesterday the house passed legislation to build on those efforts and dramatically reform the irs  we re tipping the…
yesterday  i viewed a deeply troubling report compiled by house intelligence that raises questions about obama doj…
honored to welcome  hudgov  secretarycarson to lexington to see not only the harm of the opioid & drug crisis  but…
the liberal minority in the senate just wants to play politics  end the filibuster and let s move on without them …
on april 6 from 10 30am-3pm  a number of my staff will be hosting a constituent services day in courtroom c of the…
rt  jamiewellsmd  absolute highlight of my trip  remember  georgehwbush socks  here i am w john cronin  founder/chief happiness officer   j…
are you facing a challenge with a federal agency  my office is here to help  while we can t guarantee an outcome  w…
welcome back  potus -no better place to talk roads and bridges than in our hardworking buckeye state 👏🏻
rt  waysandmeansgop  just released  w&m introduces package of bipartisan bills to combat opioid crisis  read more here ➡️
new year  new tax code → the tax cutsand jobs act will finally help tennesseans get a raise by rewarding work & encou…
right now   housejudiciary full committee hearing  filtering practices of social media platforms
see my statement on the growing trade dispute here 
rt  foxandfriends  rep   jim_jordan expresses frustration with jeff sessions  doj
  farenthold  for example  the department of education s task force uncovered a whopping 1 772 guidance documents …
 cvshealth has announced they will be raising their minimum wage to  11 per hour  increasing its paid parental leav…
stacy dean  centeronbudget at  gopoversight would impose a welfare cliff  false  the 2018 farm bill makes improvemen…
emergency visits due to opioid overdose across the country are rising  just in ohio alone they have increased 28% …
i m saddened to learn of the passing of  housecommerce staff director ray baum  he was a devoted public servant and…
because of president trump s willingness to shake things up in washington  and to step over entrenched partisan lin…
rt  cathymcmorris  the sense act  sponsored by  keithrothfus  will ensure that coal refuse-to-energy facilities can keep their doors open a…
our sikh neighbors have been an integral part of our central valley community  today  we join them in celebrating…
the house just passed bipartisan legislation to overhaul the irs  including my bill to strengthen irs accountabilit…
just announced  the committee will hold a markup and an economic opportunity oversight hearing next week  details 
did you know small business are responsible for creating nearly 62% of new jobs  local businesses  like godfrey & wi…
it is deeply disappointing - and entirely avoidable - that we again find ourselves at brink of another government s…
it s small business week  and i was happy to join mike and carrie pavis  owners of la comida restaurant in chico  to…
i presented a certificate to michael pasetes  co-valedictorian of  jacobshighs in algonquin
simpler  fairer  easier  & more money in your pocket  g o p tax plan
rt  osuindc  thank you  repstevestivers for your support of  ohiostate & all of ohio s higher-ed students 
rt  houseforeign    repedroyce met with estonia s  svenmikser  latvia s  edgarsrinkevics & lithuania s  linkeviciusl to discuss energy  nat…
rt  repbobgibbs  thank you  repbillshuster for bringing up asset recycling at this morning s  transport hearing on  whitehouse infrastruct…
 gilbert torres  34  an hourly employee in field logistic services support for arthrex   said the unexpected pay hi…
rt  housegop  live  house republicans speak out against the schumer shutdown 
tune in on cspan now 
about to speak about the partners act and the importance of workforce development with  repbonamici at…
students  just a reminder  our deadline for this year s congressional art competition is friday  april 20  students…
when we show strength on the world stage  we can have peace   realdonaldtrump is handling the korean issue very wel…
2/2 veterans  i d love to hear your story & preserve it for future generations  to rsvp  visit my website 
we will never forget
secretary of the army jim mattis has said he is humbled and grateful to the people of colorado for their sacrifices…
in the aftermath of hurricane harvey  the lake houston area has shown the world what it means to be texas strong  a…
rt  justinamash  sens  schumer and feinstein have long tried to deprive people of their fundamental right to keep and bear arms  today  the…
joined an informal meeting with jared kushner and grover norquist to discuss efforts to advance prison reform regul…
 they want to impeach the president and leech onto more of what americans earn  i think that sums their agenda up a…
the bureau has had a really bad last 18 months  this makes it worse 
wishing everyone a safe and happy st patricks day celebration 
rt  houseforeign  famine  jobs and bin laden – highlights from yesterday s foreign aid hearing
check your pay check
wondering how to help victims of detwiler fire  call red cross information line   559  343-2549
rt  financialcmte  tomorrow   repblainepress chairs a hearing   2pm on data security  vulnerabilities and opportunities for improvement  ht…
posey s bipartisan bill to promote u s  commercial space ventures heads to the president s desk
rt  natresources  working forests are our nation s number one renewable resource  healthy & resilient forests promote clean air  water  an…
sharing my presentation from yesterday  i explain why america  and more specifically az  needs healthcare reform--
rt  patrickmchenry  good rundown from  speakerryan on the work congress has done to combat sex trafficking here in the us  looking forward…
it was an honor to present the tx-17 congressional veteran commendation to three deserving central texas veterans w…
the  idahofallsgov zoo broke ground on the william maeck education center yesterday  we are thrilled to see our zoo…
this year  tax day marks the end of an overbearing and unfair tax code  starting next year  our tax code will be si…
run for almost a decade by commissioners who spent more time misleading congress and attempting to bury scandals th…
  repshimkus  repkinzinger & i announced  unit10tweets was awarded a  122 923 grant from  usdard to fund distance l…
driving to clay co this am & saw this sign in starke  said hello to our friend mr  jimmy davis & he confirmed that…
fun fact - 25 banks and financial institutions  and counting  have raised wages to  15 /hour thanks to the the tax…
 americorps  seniorcorps last week  i had the opportunity to meet with rsvp  https //t co/ubkf1fl04n  volunteers wh…
great example of the house coming together in a bipartisan manner to solve a real-world problem 
on floor to remember today as holocaust remembrance day & honor the memory of those who were murdered during the holocaust never again
rt  usatoday  here s more on preston  the 11-year-old who has won acclaim for placing u s  flags and flowers at the graves of northern cali…
it was a great honor to welcome the students and teachers of bethel elementary school in haywood county to d c  for…
last week   sho_thecircus came down to texas to ride along and attend a town hall in mansfield  check it out  tx06 
snap is an important safety net for many americans  but i want it to be an on-ramp to success  not a lifestyle for…
rt  conservationfnd  thank you  repryanzinke for your vote to protect  lwcf  - america s natural & historic places  keep up the amazing work 
lance bill ends taxpayer-funded cover ups of sexual harassment - insider nj
happening tomorrow  coast guard hearing at 10am in 2167 rayburn   blue technologies  use of new maritime technologi…
more recently  i introduced bipartisan legislation alongside  repdebdingell - the ace research act - to provide the…
on this morning w/  cspanwj talking government funding  immigration  & other issues important to new mexicans 
it is national school choice week  nscw  to celebrate effective education choice options for children in grades k t…
rt  ushousehistory  1st televised  sotu  in 1947  s o t u history
rt  hurdonthehill   icymi    househomeland s february terror threat snapshot
proud to announce 2018 art competition winners for fl-11  i m in awe of the quality artwork submitted by 84 excepti…
rt  kredo0    peterroskam tells me  trump admin will  revoke licenses necessary for western companies to sell iran militarily-fungible airc…
read my op-ed in today s  sentineltribune on the tax cutsand jobs act and more 💰💰💰 in your paycheck  👇
on this teacher appreciation day  i encourage everyone to take time to say a special  thank you  to the teachers tha…
wv has 104 venues that host drug takeback day events  the largest obstacle to greater participation is the high cos…
this budget resolution puts us one step closer to passing historic taxreform
congrats to  ambassadorgreen on his confirmation to be the 18th administrator of  usaid 
come down to the shepherd center in tarpon  we have a great deal of food to give away in the next hr 
rt  nikkihaley  we along with 8 other members have called for an emergency security council mtg tomorrow in reference to the horrible chemi…
as i ve been meeting directly with students  teachers  parents  law enforcement officials  gun owners & others back…
rt  stanthonysf  we re on capitol hill today talking about the importance of responding to hunger in our communities  thanks to  congressm…
this morning i had the pleasure of visiting morristown west high school to speak with an ap political science class…
three generations of abraham hunters  happy thanksgiving 
wishing the  mnnationalguard 851st vertical engineer company well as they embark on deployment  mn is grateful for…
our national deficit last year was  665 billion and the national debt just passed  21 trillion  it s time to cut go…
rt  houseappropsgop  the house just approved the fy 2018 labor  health and human services  and education appropriations bill on a vote of 2…
we are just over 25% of the way through 2018  i ve been working hard for the folks in the third district on a numbe…
i was glad to have the chance to attend the annual dove creek conservation district meeting to discuss agriculture…
rt  nwscharlestonsc  as temperatures fall tonight  any lingering wet spots on roads and bridges will freeze  producing black ice  also  an…
rt  iaffprezf253  thank you  repcomstock for taking the time to meet and discuss federal firefighter issues and house resolution support  i…
rt  vachair  glad to hear from 21 veterans service organizations over the last few weeks on their legislative priorities for 2018  we could…
spoke with  wgxa for the most recent installment of the  connect to congress  series  tune in to tonight s coverage…
this is another significant step forward in the recovery process for our community  thank you  hudgov for releasin…
rt  repedroyce  why are consumers facing higher–not lower–costs when going to buy a car  the answer is quite simple  regulatory overreach b…
more signs of a strong economy  us economic growth in q4 revised up to 2 9 percent rate
 i have always said that college isn t for everyone and we should remind high schoolers about opportunities for tra…
rt  housesmallbiz  in case you missed it   potus  realdonaldtrump issued a  whitehouse presidential proclamation on sunday designating this…
rt  waysandmeansgop  happy birthday to rep  sam johnson  a true patriot and public servant  you inspire us every day 
proud to join hershey hs senior maria to sign  saddnation s pledge to reduce teen traffic fatalities  roadto zero 📝
the house voted to strengthen sanctions against iran  iran is not our friend  and we must stop their missile program and funding of terror 
at today s rsc  lunch we discussed how to fully fund our military while keeping the government open 
congress should be involved in attempting to overturn trade decisions by the administration  if leading with econom…
enjoyed presenting what we re doing in  housecommerce to combat the opioid crisis at rx summit
rt  speakerryan  martin luther king jr  was taken from us far too soon  but his work endures and his vision of liberty and opportunity for…
mourning horrific nyc attack  thank you  nypdnews   fdny and first responders  always on duty protecting nyc and millions of visitors 
congressman griffith s weekly e-newsletter 5 26 17  remembering fallen heroes
 [blockchain] holds the potential for enhanced transparency & auditing of public service operations  greater supply…
 tbt  to april 2010  our pro-family and pro-growth policies are growing the economy  creating record-high confidence…
today  the house voted to  ✅ fight the opioidepidemic w/ largest investment to date ✅ rebuild our military  pay ra…
  potus   in our drive to make washington accountable  we have eliminated more regulations in our first year than a…
tune in to  fox40 at 5 00 pacific for my interview with  nikkilaurenzo about my efforts to advance immigration refo…
on floor to celebrate national park week & today as  nps  military & veteran recognition day
rt  foxnews    repgoodlatte   i still think we need a special counsel into what my committee and chairman gowdy s committee are looking int…
this is outstanding news for edgar county  honored to be a part of today s ground breaking at north american lighti…
 bluegoo either congress can pass a resolution or congressional leadership can give the approval after consulting w…
house administration to review opportunities for creating a national women s history museum
 gvnorcal i am a co-sponsor  you can see more info and my speech supporting the bill at
great news for iowa   secretarysonny and  ustraderep robert lighthizer announced the government of argentina has fi…
very proud of portia shipman and the lifesaving work she is doing in honor of sherri jackson  portia was our april…
what a shot  go blue  keep dancing  sweet16
sub health is now considering the discussion draft  21st century tools for pain and addiction treatments  find all…
watch live as  potus announces his administration s first regulatory plan and agenda to reduce regulatory costs and…
rt  971fmtalk  we did a quick fb live to keep  marccox971 on his toes   carps we can confirm the hair looks just as good this early in the…
this afternoon  i had the privilege of hosting a reception for law enforcement officers & their families from wa wh…
rt  sparklesoup45  and another weak  nonsensical obummer policy goes to the trash where it belongs  thank you  realdonaldtrump 👉trump sha…
rt  repjimbanks  last year   republicanstudy steering committee supported the senate s budget resolution in exchange for a commitment to vo…
what an awesome day hearing two dozen sw wa veterans tell their stories to be preserved   the library of congress…
 unlike many places in the world  our government is not prohibited from referencing or accommodating religion  nor…
bowe bergdahl deserted his unit & endangered the lives of his fellow soldiers 
this valentines day  don t forget february is american heart month  join me in committing to reduce your risk by st…
thanks to the tax cutsand jobs act cvs is going to increase wages  provide bonuses  and expand their parental and mat…
our current path buries our children and grandchildren under mountains of debt  that s why i voted against the rece…
my statement is also available here 
praying for those who have lost so much in hurricane harvey & thankful for all who are on the ground  courageously helping others  redcross
congresswoman  louiseslaughter was loved by the god who made her and respected by her colleagues  we worked on diff…
i was honored to attend the signing of the enrolled papers for  fosta    my  sesta  amendment with my house colleague…
rt  repdonbacon  because of tax and regulatory reforms  small business optimism is at a 30-year high  our economy is growing  unemployment…
the tax cuts and jobs act conference report represents an improvement over both the house and senate bills and i lo…
nk fires missiles over japan  we do nothing  putin invades ukraine no responce  byu sells coke  i can t remain silent the madness has to end
our constituents sent us to congress to do our job – to work together and fix problems rather than punting them dow…
i m chairing a  hasc  tacairland hearing now on the ground force modernization  fy19ndaa  budget request  watch here 
today we celebrate international womens day  thank you to all of the inspiring women in the world and in my life  in…
  congbillposey s h r  5346  the commercial space support vehicle act  has been approved by  housescience unanimously 
thanks to tax reform  major employers such as tj maxx/marshalls  starbucks  wal-mart  and more  are offering new or…
rt  steveknight25  thanks to the new tax law  mcdonald s is expanding its employee education benefits program to help their team members pa…
rt  justinamash  it s official—house leadership is trying to reauthorize  fisa702  for six years without the reforms necessary to satisfy th…
 thunder24439343 i voted against the omnibus today
northland filter has been providing replacement hvac air filters for over 20 years in  cny   i enjoyed touring their…
my thoughts & prayers go out to all of the victims of the senseless tragedy in florida  i look forward to working w…
thank you to all the sponsors and the money raised today will go to lbhn - loudoun breast health network and step s…
best wishes to  ferc chairman kevin mcintyre and his family  glad to hear his health is stable and prayers for cont…
starting at 10 am  chairman  repcharliedent and the milcon/va subcommittee hold an oversight hearing on military en…
 cnnpolitics simply unacceptable 
i m so proud of the 7 young men who are now eagle scouts   thrilled to speak at the eagle scout court of honor on s…
  robert_aderholt  to support america s farmers and ranchers  who are vital to our economy  health and well-being …
great interview with  foxbusiness  varneyco discussing north korea and illegal immigration  full interview to foll…
 jimdemint grace act  no government contracts for companies who donate to planned parenthood 
great to see a  nc10  city being recognized for its high performing economy  read more about why the  cityofhickory…
have a great weekend south jersey & don t forget to set your clocks ahead this sunday  spring is that much closer   
excited to join  usdard california state director kim dolbow vann and  selfhelpent s ceo tom collishaw to discuss t…
visited two  ny27  high schools today  thanks to the students at  lancastercsd and eden hs for hosting me to discuss…
tariff = fancy word for taxes  this is shortsighted and will cost american jobs   
honored to introduce  fredhutch s dr  gary gilliland at today s house approps  hearing  talked about imp  of fundin…
rt  housegop  take a moment to wish our old tax code a happy and long-overdo retirement and get excited because you won t have to file your…
rt  politicolive  live now   markbicket  jmperronemd  rephalrogers  repjoekennedy  joannekenen discuss the opioid crisis pro h c watch 
special thanks to my wife lucy on this mother s day for being such a wonderful mother to our four children 
just minutes away from tip-off  excited to cheer on  georgiastatembb as they compete in the  ncaa tournament  good…
since  03  social security s disability programs have been on the gao s high risk list…
thanks for having me  it was great seeing y all 
tax reform means growing our economy  and delivering tax relief to middle class  hard working texans  read my full…
great to speak to the state farm agents and employees from mississippi s 3rd district this afternoon 
  repdesantis  we are here today to learn more about the trump administration s battlefield successes against the islamic state 
as co-founder of cannabis caucus & supporter as a matter of states  rights  i m proud to reintroduce the carers act…
happy hanukkah  as you celebrate the tradition of kindling the candles for the eight nights of hanukkah  may you l…
i was honored to receive  frcaction s  true blue  award last week   frcaction
a story of hope in rockport  texas 
rt  houseforeign  chairman  repedroyce statement on big game trophy decision
rt  foxandfriends  coming up…   mschlapp  nickhall  pastorronlewis  jonathanmerritt  judgenap  carleyshimkus  toddrokita  alvedacking  …
rt  hurdonthehill  americans deserve a simpler  fairer tax code  we re doing just that  i encourage you to find out more here 
today jonathan geels from south bend told me about his work with the  nationalasla to plan and design resilient com…
rt  reperikpaulsen  have a 401 k   tax reform is working for you  learn how stock buybacks are good news for the more than 50% of american…
started the day at elkhart grain elevator discussing trade & transportation for our ag sector  the grain that is lo…
rt  financialcmte  we have another busy week ahead  our markup starts tomorrow at 10am et - see the list of bills we ll be considering here…
the subcommittee on economic opportunity is currently marking up seven bills  tune in here 
tax cutsand jobs act
alfie evans when the government decides what is fakenews  this is the kind of  objective  coverage given to critic…
dianne & i join our nation in mourning barbara bush  a remarkable lady passionate about making our world better  sh…
space subcommittee vice chairman  repmobrooks  h r  5345  the american leadership in space technology and advanced…
rt  foxnews    potus   we will never forget our heroes  
i try
honored to be a part of  daytonhistory s mound cold war discovery center ribbon cutting today in  oh10  
no locality should get an illegal immigrant bonus  the funding americans first act would ensure hoosiers aren t sub…
deeds not words
rt  the_citizen  rep  john katko  federal spending bill will benefit owasco  skaneateles lakes
congrats to don stall of charlotte for winning a national yield contest for irrigated corn  his yield of 407 bushel…
this saturday  4/28  is d e a take back day  i encourage you to visit to find the nearest coll…
i94 corridor expansion and development is paramount  the i94 coalition  gl94mn is leading the charge to advocate fo…
glad to be in de today with  repbrochester as part of the  bpc_bipartisan american congressional exchange  this mor…
proud to co-sponsor the congressional accountability and hush fund elimination act  which prohibits the use of publ…
 repgoodlatte on getting immigration reform done with  ingrahamangle secure the borders  close the loop holes kee…
rt  crtv  how do swampy politicians keep getting away with wasting your money    reptomgarrett  r-va   tells  natemaddencrtv that many co…
watch the full speech 
check out a recap of our recent  househomeland delegation visit to middle east & europe --&gt 
 2/3  we should expect turkish government s commitment to the rule of law and tolerance for religious minorities to…
well said   senatortimscott  opportunity zones are a critical component in fighting poverty  and thanks to the tax…
rt  speakerryan    repbradwenstrup is a hero  today  the army awarded him the soldier s medal for his heroic actions during the shooting at…
 we call on the committee to vote to declassify the report and allow for a vote on the house floor to make it publi…
following our  nafta  meetings in montreal  there is optimism about the path forward  we can t take anything for gr…
rt  housegop  your taxes are going ↓ your income is going ↑ and everyday american families can start dreaming for a brighter financial futu…
we cannot delay much needed flood insurance payments to texans who paid for flood insurance & were ravaged by harvey
today is world autism awareness day - join me and light it up blue for better understanding and acceptance of people wi…
given the b-21 s unique capabilities and the uncertain global security challenges we face  it s imperative we have…
earlier this year  members from both sides of the aisle took to the house floor to discuss the importance of passin…
holding a press conference today   house triangle   2 30 pm to bring attention to iranian-backed militias threatening kurdistan region 
happy national coffee day ☕️
i want to answer your questions  just tweet your question with the hashtag ask buddy and i ll answer as many as possible 
rt  speakerryan  all 126 employees at sheffer corp  in ohio received  1 000 bonuses because of tax reform  where democrats see  crumbs   ha…
rt  foxnews    rep_hunter   if i travel to china  i have to leave my iphone off  my ipad off  and my laptop off when i m in chinese airspac…
happy public lands week - get outside  enjoy it 
congratulations to peg hoffman from fort wayne on running the boston marathon  after her fight with breast cancer l…
i strongly opposed this obama-era executive agreement  and i support the trump administration s efforts to ensure t…
more on my bipartisan legislation here 
huge thanks to all who participated in today s opiate roundtable  inspiring to see  oh15  come together and commit t…
rt  lpborg  in this week s  lpborg newsmakers   repgarretgraves gives us a washington update  see a preview here - watch the entire video a…
rt  justinamash  every time i brought rs and ds together to protect americans  personal data and 4th amendment rights  you teamed up with  …
great time visiting with folks in kilmarnock this morning   va01 
former boise state track star and 3 time olympian nick cunningham looks to add to his already impressive bobsled c…
thank you chs speaks and columbia hs students for inviting me to hear your thoughts about school safety and gun law…
scenes from this morning s  ptc  hearing before the railroads  pipelines  and hazardous materials subcommittee 
extremely disappointed that senate dems voted to block the house-passed pain-capable unborn child protection act  t…
rt  foxbusiness    repchriscollins on tariffs   china now has someone in the oval office  a negotiator  who knows exactly what is going on…
had a wonderful visit  uofoklahoma this week w/  uokchembiochem &  uofoklahomalaw  thanks for having me …
since coming to congress  my top priority has been jobs for ohioans  that s why i host an annual job fair  this ye…
congratulations to line mountain high school s aly lambert  the winner of the 2018 congressional art competition fo…
 the workflex bill is an innovative approach to providing more paid time off for employees  more predictability for…
thank you to the  motonmuseum in  farmville_va for inviting us to celebrate the life and legacy of civil rights pio…
rt  stevescalise  over 1 000 000 americans  and counting  are benefitting from tax cuts though bonuses  higher pay  and increased benefits …
i had some important questions for facebook ceo mark zuckerberg today  they need to ensure their platform does not…
rt  farmbureau  we congratulate  repkristinoem  r-s d   on receiving afbf s golden plow award today  women in ag htt…
extremely thankful for the men and women in blue who work day in and day out to protect and serve us in eastern and…
happy small business week to all of our job creators out there  small businesses create two-thirds of all new jobs i…
rt  epilepsyiowa  thank you  repdavidyoung for supporting epilepsy programs with the  cdcgov and for attending our local legislative forum…
thanks to  amcauce and  wsu_cougar_pres for recognizing my efforts to fight disease & improve medicine for southwes…
i am proud to announce that legislation i introduced to rename two lexington va campuses after two kentucky heroes…
chairman  usreprodney welcomes  reprutherfordfl to  houseappropsgop
happy birthday to my colleague from ca and  houseforeign chairman  repedroyce 
rt  sbecouncil   housesmallbiz thank you for your leadership  repstevechabot  housesmallbiz  because of your collaborative approach and com…
because of the changes to the 529 education accounts  he s also able to help pay for his kids k-12 education at their catholic school 
wearing blue today for law enforcement appreciation day  thank you to all of the men and women in uniform who form th…
rt  ewtnnewsnightly  lawmakers are pushing to add a pro-life bill to the spending proposal due march 23  capitol hill correspondent  jasonc…
it is imperative that you be able to protect your virtual presence online  many of you have called with concerns ab…
rt  gopleader  this legislation  sponsored by  repannwagner and  repmimiwalters  is the most significant anti-human trafficking legislation…
our pro-growth agenda is working→ hiring across the u s  was 19 8 percent higher last month than a year earlier 
thank you to the brave men and women deployed to defend our country  dayofthedeployed
great crowd at  foodtanksummit - and thanks to  hbottemiller you know my farm in  wa04  raises specialty crops  plus…
great to be with the clarksburg rotary club to give an update on our work in congress  despite what the national m…
today the house passed  and i supported  the 21st century irs act & the taxpayer first act – two bills to bring muc…
what the heck does the  access hollywood  tape have to do with russia collusion  this investigation is a fishing e…
rt  repkevinbrady  our economy is thriving thanks to tax reform  there are now 6 6 million job openings – a record high  and we re just get…
tune in  i will be on  americanewsroom at about 9 10am et to discuss today s  househomeland bostonto austin hearing and russia 
always great to come back to death valley  geaux tigers  lsu 
rt  repkevinbrady  when asked how new tax code has helped small biz  texas business owner  russell of russell marine  said   this will be o…
rt  repbost  the farm bill gets the federal bureaucracy off the backs of our farmers and ranchers 
today i m wearing purple in honor of alzheimer s awareness month and the longest day 
honoring the men who have led our country over the past 242 years  and counting our blessings for the leadership we…
breaking   houseintelcomm chairman conaway just announced that the committee is closing the  russian collusion  inv…
the energy is back in lincoln  excited for the 69th nebraska football spring game tomorrow  good luck  coach_frost…
i got many good questions from from constituents last night in williamsport  pa10
walmart s announcement to provide relief for its workers is evidence that the tax cuts and jobs act is revitalizing…
my mays landing office will continue to accept new constituent casework for south jersey residents in 2018  info on…
the highway trust fund finances necessary highway and mass transit projects in the united states  given the fact th…
rt  pcnheryndion  you can t see it but it s a packed room at bcso for a listening session with  drnealdunnfl2 and  baycountyso on the opioi…
rt  foxnews    toddrokita   for the first time  laura  in american history  we have a political party - the modern democratic party - who i…
on this tax day  let s hear directly from the states on the tax cutsand jobs act  ohio - when mueller  an employee…
there are nearly 7000 farms in  oh15   they feed our families and boost our local economies  national farmers day…
tuesday night m a ction on capitol hill as  macsports presidents were in dc  enjoyed talking to  bgsu  pres_rogers a…
rt  housegop  despite the doom and gloom and armageddon talk from defenders of the status quo  the benefits of taxreform speak for themsel…
air force is honoring cpt  jamie lemieux of decatur  tx for courage during combat in iraq  read more at…
thanks to the panelists  students  and community members who joined us last night at  salinehs to collaborate on wa…
next time you see a police officer i encourage you to take the time to say hello & thank them for keeping you safe …
rt  hascrepublicans  live  seapower & projection forces  fy19ndaa  markup - led by chairman  robwittman watch at 1 30 pm here 
we continuously look for ways to address the growing opioidepidemic in our nation …
enjoyed talking to the senior class at  twcawarriors earlier this week  also great to see my good friend and head o…
martha and i are extremely grateful for the outpouring of support for our family during this difficult time and are…
rt  muweather  norlanco  turnpike north  has just been warned for storms arriving before 5pm  other parts of county may soon be warned for…
rt  raminskibba  big space news  jupiter s icy moon europa has a plume spewing from it  raising hope of signs of life in its underground oc…
rt  houseagnews  americans on snap deserve opportunities  41% of americans living in poverty view their circumstances as temporary  they do…
happy birthday   usnavy  thank you for your honor courage & commitment
forever g i bill improves opportunity for servicemembers  veterans  and their families
great meeting w/ members of the american society of landscape architects from  mi06  today - we discussed federal pr…
happy veteran s day to all who have served  it was great to see my friends from the keweenaw bay tribe present the…
rt  farenthold  happening now  i am chairing a  gopoversight subcommittee on interior  environment and energy field hearing on the historic…
on the house floor now managing the defense appropriations bill  watch live 
pine plains central school district faced onerous fines from the irs that would have been detrimental to the studen…
tax cut puts tyson ca h in siouxlander s pockets  best vote of my time in congress 
icymi  yesterday i joined hal and brian on  wbap247news  we talked about remembering rev  billy graham  the 2nd ame…
join me in honoring national anthem day by saluting the american flag and thanking our men and women in uniform who…
mike and i worked together for several years in the house and on the energy and commerce committee  i know him to b…
rt  housegop  with the passage of the budget  we can double the standard deduction and get more     back in your pocket  taxreform
did you know  the media won t tell you just how productive the house has been  take a look at these stats  -745 bil…
tax day2018 is almost here  next year  here s what you can celebrate  1  lower tax rates for all americans 2  near…
exciting news for pryor--  google pledges to expand & invest in their mayes county data center   ok2 
talked healthcare on msnbc over the weekend 
had fun with our great nieces today seeing their bluebell meadow   beautiful flowers spring
happy birthday to my colleague from mo   repsamgraves 
✔ increased paychecks ✔ 401 k  match increases ✔ employee bonuses the benefits from the tax cutsand jobs act are real…
very pleased that  houstontx has been awarded the tiger grant for their innovative and forward-thinking proposal to…
i m proud to join this bipartisan effort to bring the missile defense agency s continental us interceptor site to c…
live now answering your questions with  robertharding  the_citizen --&gt 
rt  secretarysonny  just arrived at spruell farm with chairman  robert_aderholt and greeted by sam spruell  they grow cotton  corn  peanuts…
 ca08 
🚨 don t forget  today is the last day to turn in art for the congressional art competition 
rt  cathymcmorris  honored to be at the spokane va this morning with  drphilroe to meet with veterans and hear their stories 
east liverpool hs event this am-  att virtual reality simulator shows dangers of distracted driving  signing the…
 1  i voted in favor of the federal aviation administration reauthorization act because this legislation makes crit…
remembering the challenger crew on the 30th anniversary of that tragic day  challenger
on this small business week  read  commercegov secretary ross  op-ed on how  potus  realdonaldtrump s tax plan is wo…
proud to attend  congratulations  dr   douggirod  rockchalk
rt  repdebdingell  proud to have  uminjurycenter in washington today to discuss the work injury prevention centers are doing in mi & across…
sequestration is legislative malpractice that continues to cut its way through our military  read more about why w…
 last year i pledged that we would work with our allies to extinguish isis from the face of the earth  one year lat…
congrats to the 2017 diamond bar friends of the library--volunteers of the year  rick rogers  richard malooly  & ly…
 the s t o p act would be a valuable tool for customs officials hoping to stem the flood of fentanyl into the country  
so  what is  nancypelosi  s plan to stop illegal immigration  we want to find a  daca  solution  but why would we…
rt  packers  packers seeking gameday employees at job fair may 2-3 details 
rt  whitehouse  watch live as president trump hosts the tax cuts for florida small businesses roundtable 
rt  brookewelchtv  congressman  repjimbanks stopped by  fox55fortwayne today to weigh in on international events and the upcoming election …
special teacher appreciation day shout-out to my wife who is a special education teacher in hague  va  va01 
today   realdonaldtrump announced that he will re-designate north korea as a state sponsor of terrorism  i support…
nearly 400 companies have already announced raises  bonuses  increased hiring  and more since the passage of the ta…
rt  sbalist  thanks to  repjbridenstine for introducing bill banning gov contracts to companies donating to planned parenthood
3 000 000 000  crumbs  from over 300 companies for 3 000 000 hardworking americans  tax reform is working …
i had great conversations today with students from south sumter high discussing school safety  their studies and mo…
yesterday i met with 12  indivisibleneia members in cedar rapids on a variety of topics  lots of ideas  concerns  a…
rt  deptofdefense  read more 
martha & i joined  waff48 service dog in training fergie for her morning walk 
rt  nfib  tax reform drives record optimism and plans to expand among small businesses  our president & ceo juanita duggan shares more in  …
live on  wchvnews 107 5fm/1260am  our sixth  va05  town hall of 2018  we are taking your questions from moderator…
rt  johnboozman  just wrapped the talk small yall small business tour in  hotspringsar   repwesterman & i were at a ribbon cutting & press c…
sad to hear of salt lake county councilman sam granato s death  he worked hard to make a difference in his communit…
less than two hours until our exclusive interview with  marthamaccallum airs on fox news
rt  housegop  there are countless ways that the tax cutsand jobs act will be better than our old and outdated tax code  here are our top 5   …
yesterday  i chaired a  housescience subcommittee hearing on chinese spies infiltrating many layers of our society…
i join my fellow americans in honoring and revering the life of a beloved first lady  dedicated wife  mother  and g…
rt  justinamash  the dea s use of proceeds acquired through civil asset forfeiture to expand marijuana enforcement—a state-level issue—make…
rt  realdonaldtrump  i will be meeting with henry kissinger at 1 45pm  will be discussing north korea  china and the middle east 
have a blessed easter with family and loved ones 
instituting mandatory training is a first step in ensuring we are creating a safe and productive environment for ev…
recently  i spent some time meeting the student artists who participated in the congressional art competition and t…
rt  baps_pubaffairs  we appreciate  repdesantis visiting the  baps mandir in orlando  fl during this diwali season 
i was proud to join a bipartisan group of colleagues as we passed right to try  read more about this legislation to…
settlements paid with tax dollars should not be kept secret  members of congress cannot be allowed to use the ameri…
my office is still accepting submissions for the 2018 congressional art competition and any high school student in…
congratulations to beth baker  a 6th grade social studies teacher/grade chair at pine grove middle school in lownde…
having a great time chatting with a group of ohioans in dc talking about their experiences and regulatory challenge…
mr  president  the gun show loop hole does not exist  all licensed dealers must conduct background checks  guns in america
🚨breaking  today  chairman gowdy sent a follow-up letter to epa administrator pruitt regarding pruitt s official tr…
sent letter to  jeffsessions yest  w/ jim_jordan  repmarkmeadows  repmattgaetz  repdesantis re no knock raid of mic…
happiest of birthdays to president  georgehwbush who s 93 years young today 
after 12am and  financialcmte has adjourned for the night  looking forward to getting back to work bright and early tomorrow morning 
it has almost been four and a half months and tax reform is still working for americans  utility companies in 48 o…
rt  housegop  the tax cutsand jobs act is making a real and lasting impact  ✔ americans are seeing bigger paychecks  ✔ families will benefit…
fl citrus decimated  needs help now  save our citrus  mickmulvaneyomb  secretarysonny  potus  stevescalise
calling all artists  the artistic discovery contest is a great chance to highlight your skills  see my website for…
this is a crisis & maine deserves more help  i m fighting to make the formula for opioid funding more fair for lowe…
rt  irsnews  you now may file a tax return using  irs  free file through the irs2go app   irs 
tonight i was able to speak at the laclede county retired school personnel s annual school bell award banquet  as s…
happy new year  i wish you a happy and safe 2018  in case you missed it  read my 2017 report for a snapshot of my w…
rt  readyharris  reminder  daylight saving time begins this sunday  don t forget to set your clocks forward 1 hour when you go to bed satur…
the past year we eliminated a number of destructive regulations and we are seeing the positive economic impacts …
will present amendmnt on house fl soon to e&w approps bill to require energy companies across the board to fund own research and development
rt  rodneydavis  it s planting season  yesterday  i spent some time in the field and heard from the farmers how the farm bill helps them …
last year we lost over 2 700 floridians to opioid-related deaths  if you have prescription drugs you haven t used …
rt  housesmallbiz  huge news for america s 30 million small businesses  optimism among small manufacturers at highest level ever recorded a…
watch live   housecommerce hearing with facebook ceo mark zuckerberg --&gt 
we must all work towards a society where skin color is as irrelevant as paint color  where the central organizing a…
thank you  boazschools for the warm welcome at boaz middle school today  i enjoyed talking to and answering the stu…
i am committed to fully funding and supporting our warfighters to ensure they have the tools they need to protect t…
rt  housegop  we did our job  we voted to support our men and women in uniform who answered the call to serve and protect this country  we…
i spoke w/  talk1073 about the opioid epidemic and our efforts to combat it  hear our conversation here   la05 
reminder to south jersey residents my staff & i are ready to assist you in dealings with federal government includi…
the message is clear - the us has no tolerance for russia s hostile and threatening actions that have put the secur…
congratulations to madison retherford of marianna high school for winning the 2018 congressional art competition fo…
rt  repmobrooks  acting admin robert lightfoot will be sorely missed at  nasa  throughout his 29 yr career  robert has shown exceptional de…
grateful for the update this week on the pick-sloan missouri basin program 
chag sameach  wishing you and your family a happy passover  may it be filled with peace  happiness and family 
  bettymccollum04 and i are working to combat the opioid epidemic that has spread across pennsylvania and the natio…
 universities are particularly susceptible to risks associated with phishing attacks due to the sheer volume of use…
rt  repmarkwalker  today  we remember the n c a t four for having the courage to make a difference  have you seen the lunch counter they sat a…
rt  housesmallbiz  did you know that nearly 10% of all 🇺🇸businesses are veteran-owned  thank you for your service 
lydia hamilton smith was an african-american woman who became the partner and confidant of pennsylvania congressman…
while i agree with efforts for bipartisan immigration deal as president trump has said he wants  i strongly disagre…
good morning  san diego  i ll be on  10news this morning at 6 30 am  pst  to discuss all things dc  tune into kgtv channel 10 to watch 
our pro-growth plan makes our tax code work better for middle-class oregonians & people across the country 
rt  dailysignal  is it time to reform our higher education system   repdesantis thinks so—and he joins us live to tell us how 
secs  clinton & kerry both got 94 votes to head state dept  senate dems destructively opposing mike pompeo s nomin…
senate democrats decision to shutdown government  let children s health insurance program expire and force military…
unemployment is down and wages are up thanks to the tax cutsand jobs act  this is the first time since 2000 that unem…
full cmte  repgregwalden and sub environment chairman  repshimkus announce nuclear waste storage bill heads to hous…
link to walmart store status
we owe our veterans a debt that can never be repaid  thank you to all who have served and sacrificed for us and our…
rt  dhadirector  fantastic conversation about what the future of  militaryhealth should look like and how  dod_dha and  tricare can help us…
today we reflect on those who made the ultimate sacrifice for our country – never forget our fallen heroes
rt  repratcliffe  tune in live at 2pm for our  househomeland joint subcommittee hearing on  usgao s recent findings regarding  dhsgov s imp…
i am so grateful for his leadership on many important issues – but most especially reforming our tax code and showi…
whether members of congress support  potus actions or oppose them  they should not shirk the duty to vote on them …
joined  okcfox to answer viewer questions and discuss obamacare repeal & wildfire relief programs  full interview …
h r  5353  eliminating opioid-related infectious diseases act of 2018  as amended  has been reported to the full cmte by voice vote 
thanks to  wcsm  for having me on air today during my time in mercer county 
rt  drnealdunnfl2    housevetaffairs held a hearing yesterday on my legislation to improve veterans  access to organ transplants  --&gt 
release   armathsciarts student attends joint session of congress featuring french president emmanuel macron…
rt  militaryofficer  moaa s parks noyes  retired  usarmy col  jeri graham and retired  usairforce lt  col  greg chase meet with  repmarkwal…
rt  michfoundations   repmikebishop thanks for stopping to visit with us today  looking forward to meeting with you tomorrow to discuss iss…
in boalsburg centre county attending the eagle scout court of honor for troop 31 scout alexander james levan  bsa   nesa 
this year  veterans day marks the centennial of our country s entry into wwi  those brave young americans who fough…
we should do all we can to accelerate innovation that could mean more effective treatments  discovery of cures  & m…
great to meet with  cobbchamber today  appreciate you taking the time to discuss important  ga06  issues 
another stop in celina today was at jes foods  i enjoyed touring the facility and seeing the work they do 
congratulations to brooke mcclurkin of coeur d alene high school  winner of the 2018 congressional art competition…
don t forget  this friday 11/13 at 5 30pm i ll be hosting my  heroes of the 8th  event in apple valley   ca08 
it was a pleasure to meet with  mvcscrusaders 8th graders during their visit to  dc   thank you to all of the great…
pleased we passed this bill to save our dams & salmon 
saddened to learn of the passing of former governor george deukmejian  who selflessly served the state of californi…
rt  secretarysonny  florida citrus growers have a fight on their hands with citrus diseases  here in  fl17  with  tomrooney seeing it firsth…
rt  irsctheriver  we re humbled and proud to welcome  repbrianmast  18th congressional district of florida  and james f  mcdonnell  acting…
live   waysandmeansgop
happening now  on national k9 veterans day we are paying tribute to our 4-legged heroes past and present who exemplif…
a calmed korea could have profound implications for a new diplomatic architecture rooted in relational authenticity…
the self drive act will help pave the way for self-driving cars nationwide and ensures america stays a global leade…
wonderful being with all of you today  exciting things are happening in and around  ga10   and i m glad that the…
more than 3 5 million americans live with an autism spectrum disorder  asd   april is national autism awareness m…
my staff is coming to you cedarville on tuesday  may 8th  from 11 00am-1 00pm at cedarville public library  learn m…
rt  housegop  rt to agree → ensuring the safety and security of america is one of our highest priorities  that is why we provided the large…
thank you for the invitation to speak on the impact our national trade policies have on local farmers and our econo…
i couldn t have asked for better readers to navigate some dr  suess and other stories with me at g a09 s chesnut m…
tens of thousands of spectators and 110 racers for this year s  kingofthehammer  great to be able to open the race 
rt  housegop  soon we will say… goodbye and good riddance to our old and outdated tax code  tax day
watch 📺  i spoke with my friend  tomcoleok04 about everything from my time in the  cia & national security to worki…
the 14th  libnofcongress  dr  carla hayden  is in nw ohio today  she gave an insightful speech this morning at…
icymi -- tax cuts & jobs act benefits employees at shelton s farm market tax day  mi06 
rt  washingtonpost  watch live video  white house holds moment of silence for las vegas shooting victims at 2 45 et
the house did its job  now it s time for the senate to act 
rt  housegop  the tax cutsand jobs act has passed →  potus  it s off to you 
happening now  join us for our seventh  va05  interactive town hall meeting of 2018  dial  877  229-8493 and enter p…
rt  repkevinbrady  why we need tax reform17 ➡️ our current tax code wrings money from main street job creators 
as a member of  hascrepublicans we stand ready to work to provide the support our military needs to deter north korean aggression 
 2/2  we conservatives know that less taxation and less regulation leads to job growth and innovation  and you have…
epa proposal would vastly increase its jurisdiction to over virtually all water in the united states
rt  frates  happening now  i talk to gop  repseanduffy about his pick to replace house speaker paul ryan  why he supports trump and the rea…
rt  waysandmeansgop   consumer sentiment in march unexpectedly jumped to a 14-year high after tax cuts boosted disposable incomes  via bloo…
ty  repbrady  houseadm_dems the chair in the capitol will serve as a permanent reminder of those brave individuals …
alfie evans is a baby diagnosed with a rare neurodegenerative disorder  the british government recently mandated he…
 among the men who fought on iwo jima  uncommon valor was a common virtue  —admiral chester w  nimitz on this day…
 read  my  cnnopinion w/ nikiinthehouse on how our bipartisan work on preventing sexual assault in the military has…
  teamsters thank you for the letter of encouragement on this important issue  i look forward to continuing to work…
congratulations to the city of waterloo for receiving the  sbagov iowa business of the year for 2018 this morning 
visit my facebook page to vote for the  facebook favorite  among each county s winning art  the winning piece will hang in my d c  office 
we enjoy the safest  most affordable & most abundant food supply in world largely due to sustained public investmen…
submissions open for 2018 congressional art competition  drop off at my offices in meridian  lewiston or coeur d ale…
icymi  107 of my colleagues joined my letter to  speakerryan   gopleader &  stevescalise urging them to do everythi…
at the annual celebration of philanthropy to support the rowan college at burlington county foundation in mt  laure…
rt  okstatehba  another great visit with  tomcoleok04 for our annual leg con2017
  rephensarling  today  the underlying economy is strong and getting stronger due to the policies of the  potus tr…
rt  repgusbilirakis  my bill  the sit-rep act  passed favorably out of the veterans affairs economic opportunity subcommittee today  this…
rt  greggharper  today i was sworn in as a member of the 115th congress  looking forward to enacting real change to find a better way for a…
it was a pleasure to host  nihdirector dr  francis s  collins  read about our day and my statement here …
one step closer to meaningful tax reform that benefits all americans  see my full statement below  sayfie
📺 watch  virginiafoxx sit down with reporters to discuss  prosper  on  cspan s newsmakers
watch my questions from today s sub comm tech hearing on expanding broadband service 
 hopeathletics  hopehockey  achamensd3  hopecollege congratulations  hopehockey    champions
rt  reptomgraves  good to hear from  repblainepress  repandybarr &  reptipton at my  houseappropsgop financial services subcommittee member…
community banks are the key to ensuring economic growth reaches all americans  they provide fuel for american small…
today  i spoke on the house floor to honor the legacy of dr  pearse lyons for all of his achievements  philanthropy…
today s final 3 volumes of rules  regulations and other administrative notifications of the current administration
stopped by the branch county sheriff s office today for national prescription drug take back day  thank you to sheri…
graves advances the red snapper act of 2017
rt  alabamaftbl  roll tide
glad to work with  repjackbergman on this important issue for our country  a new soo lock is critical to ensuring o…
congress has acted &  speakerryan has sent my bill   fosta   to  potus  desk  this legislation gives federal  state …
wishing the air force reserve a happy birthday  thank you for all you do to serve and protect our country …
i want to hear from you  join me tomorrow night on a telephone town hall meeting at 6 00 p m  pst  sign up here …
i m sending out a district update this eve about the work i m doing in sw wa  sign up for my e-newsletter  
rt  advamedupdate  today   reptomprice joins us with  elekta  mvpvets &  semda to discuss value of medtech in  atl  - creating jobs and sup…
rt  housegop  this is the last time you ll have to file your taxes with this out-of-date  no-good tax code  who else is excited to turn the…
rt  repdavejoyce   tbt  to small business saturday this past november in chagrin falls  it was great visiting local businesses with the u s …
we agree  domestic energy production will  ✔️ create american jobs ✔️ support energy independence ✔️ promote nation…
h r  5197  alternatives to opioids  alto  in the emergency department act  as amended  has passed the full cmte by voice vote
 5 of 10  celebrate idaho day  hells canyon is the deepest gorge in north america  reaching 7 900 feet deep and av…
read my op-ed in  tricityherald about how pro-growth tax reform will help families in  wa04  keep more of what they…
rt  abensonij    repjeffduncan about to talk energy policy  follow_lander  scpol  ijindexjournal
today is the first day of small business week  small business are the backbone of america s economy and the engine t…
 tweetiebirdz i have read and reviewed the four-page memo  support its release publicly and expect the house leader…
on this tax day  let s hear directly from the states on the tax cutsand jobs act  pa -  new tax law lowers taxes on…
congress and  potus set out last year to build a stronger country and make sure the american dream remains a reality 
this bill will re-open our government  ensure our military members are paid  fund the children s health insurance p…
congratulations to our volunteer firefighters at franklin park volunteer fire company no  1  station 158 for the gr…
read more about this problem & how i m working to make sure our hospitals can get their overdue payments & continue…
she acknowledged the issue and assured the transportation housing and urban development appropriations subcommittee…
to all those traveling through perry county  please be aware there has been a wall collapse on route 11/15  crews a…
congratulations paige mccrann for winning first place in this year s congressional art competition  i look forward t…
advocates for children   advochild   in bartow county  is committed to the prevention and treatment of child abuse…
 ajj1563  theaward no  he has no connection with my office 
the opening of the u s  embassy in jerusalem delivers on a longstanding promise of past presidents to relocate the…
happening now   financialcmte hearing with  ustreasury secretary  stevenmnuchin1  watch live …
we are reminded there is no abiding city on this earth  my prayers are with the bush family as they mourn the loss…
rt  freedomcaucus  official position  hfc opposes the caps deal  we support funding our troops  but growing the size of government by 13 pe…
i ll be joining brian and susan on wben at 7 20am to talk about mark zuckerberg s testimony before  housecommerce t…
our mission ➡️ ensure no veteran is denied transplant coverage ever again  watch my full testimony here …
pleased to take part in the ribbon cutting for bullet & barrel  a facility in h ville that offers short & long dist…
 ecpa  is outdated & needs reform to secure our 4th amendment rights  house just passed bill 2 ensure privacy laws k…
i discuss overcoming tough hurdles in the  washdc100 opioidcrisis edition  which you can read here 
my prayers are with the family of the truck driver who has passed in the amtrak train crash  as well as those who…
 defendourfuture  epa absolutely  so fla is on the front lines of climatechange  i ll continue to speak out & rall…
with councilwoman  erinkingsweeney at seaford broncos opening day ceremony  great to be with real people 
 abushofghosts nope
majority of americans support building keystone pipeline which would create over 42 000 jobs & reduce our dependence on foreign oil by 40% 
introduced the bold infrastructure for alzheimer s act to support alzheimer s research  read more …
feliz dia de las madres dedicado a mi querida abu mandy q en paz descanse  ella fue una luz en mi vida y mi ejemplo c…
 houseagnews we had our ups and downs  but in the end we got a bill across the finish line – a bill that cbo estima…
the house just passed the fy18 omnibus  which will strengthen america s defenses against homeland threats …
remembering 9/11 never forget
president trump has taken a strong approach that includes putting all options on the table  including military acti…
today s indictment of over a dozen russian nationals for meddling in the 2016 election emphasizes the urgent need t…
rt  housecommerce  facebook ceo mark zuckerberg will testify before e&c on april 11th &gt &gt 
  wsj ed board   the current economy is creating that most basic need  opportunity  
stand with people of london after latest terror attack  terrorism must be destroyed 
this bill will also preserve existing commercial and charter fishing protections under current law and further prot…
joined  okcfox to talk scotus nomination & our work in congress to hold the wh accountable
tax reform is giving back to middle class families 
we re about to be live in the energy and commerce committee as we re questioning the ceo s from the nation s top dr…
for decades  us has worked with allies at un to provide hundreds of millions in foreign aid  but as  potus said   w…
the irs will review the agency s ruling limiting how much new jersey homeowners could deduct from their prepaid 201…
companies are taking the good news of the tax cutsand jobs act and investing back into the lives of their employees …
enjoyed touring and visiting with folks at greenfield industries in seneca  thanks for showing me your daily operat…
these stories  and so many more like them from neighbors in our own community  inspire me to keep fighting for prev…
rt  jim_jordan  16  why was fbi general counsel jim baker reassigned two weeks ago  was he the source for the first story on the dossier by…
rt  speakerryan  news→ by a vote of 415-2  an overwhelming  bipartisan majority of the house just voted in support of the iranian people s…
rt  cardiology  thank you  repjeffduncan for your recent practice visit with arthur lee eberly iii  md  facc  and jesse paul jorgensen  md …
i m already looking forward to basketball season 
belinda and i join fellow houstonians in sending heartfelt condolences to the bush family  as we mourn the passing…
rt  tricityherald  sen  murray bashes rep  newhouse s legislation to guard against breaching snake dams 
it was great meeting with leadership from tallahassee community college and the central college of florida yesterda…
rt  wpr  walker recommends new  economic opportunity zones  in 44 counties
it s an honor to join members of  txrighttolife   students4lifehq  and tens of thousands of americans in our nation…
on this day in 1912  harriet quimby became the first woman pilot to cross the english channel  flying100
  repcardenas  reperikpaulsen  rep  blumenauer & i led a letter to urge support for medicare advantage program …
great to be with my farmer friends at the berrien county farm bureau legislative breakfast  mi06 
great to attend the  fulshearacc shamrock shindig yesterday & introduce pete s dueling pianos  thanks for having me 
i agree with  realdonaldtrump that victims and their families deserve justice  that is why i introduced the help ac…
rt  housegop  opportunity zones can be the difference between an america where too many get left behind and one where the benefits of our p…
rt  speakerryan  this week  congress will vote to fully fund our national defense at the levels requested by secretary mattis  after years…
rt  gop   let me say this about myself  after 9/11 i didn t look to go sit on the swiss desk  i stepped up  i was not on the sidelines  i w…
for far too long the government has failed to meet its obligation to dispose of used fuel that resides at nuclear p…
rt  realdonaldtrump  on behalf of the american people  welcome home 
happy 107th birthday president reagan  your message of freedom  opportunity  & limited government inspired me & so…
today  the house passed legislation to help make schools more secure through early intervention and violence preven…
hallelujah  he has risen  team black is wishing you a blessed easter with friends and family 
rt  wrtl     jimpressoffice  it has been my honor to work with wisconsin right to life over the years   w r t l50th
rt  repdianeblack  icymi  107 of my colleagues joined my letter to  speakerryan   gopleader &  stevescalise urging them to do everything in…
its national retirement planning week  take action to better your future  and start planning today  take a short qu…
this schumer shutdown is bad for america and east tennesseans deserve better  shutdown schumer
i m looking forward to testifying tomorrow at  housevetaffairs on the importance of reforming the  deptvetaffairs  …
my statement on the house of representatives  rejection of the balanced budget amendment 
rt  repkaygranger  as chair of the defense  houseappropsgop subcommittee  i want to start by thanking all of you who voted for the budget a…
we are going to keep up the pressure for the fbi and dept  of justice to provide the transparency and accountabilit…
rt  yhn    repbyrne speaking on  thefordfaction    border security is national security  alpolitics
i just announced my town hall schedule for the month of august  for more information  please visit 
rt  wacoisd  on saturday  twenty of waco s finest young scholars competed at texas history day in austin  seven of them are advancing to na…
raise your glass  today is national orange juice day  proud to represent the largest citrus-producing district in t…
on this day in 1945  nazi germany surrendered to allied forces  ending wwii in europe  today  73 years later  we re…
my statement on passage of the championing health kids act 
missourians spend too much time and money filing taxes  the tax cuts and jobs act changes that  taxreform 1182more
congratulations to the winners and all of the participants of this year s  mo4  congressional art competition  also…
i highly criticize any such remarks made by potus — beneath the office & unhelpful to critical immigration negotiat…
for  southerngracenc  they ve already been able to expand their tasting room and gift shop because of the…
always great to see my good friend max  max and i worked together on cures now last congress  we had fun catching u…
honored to hear from  emmanuelmacron today  we clearly don t agree on all of the issues  but french engagement is a…
rt  housescience  don t miss saturday s blue moon  it will be the second blue moon of the year – a very rare event 
rt  edworkforce    repwalberg   as a result of the tax cuts and jobs act  which  potus signed into law at the end of 2017   the u s  treasu…
rt  repbyrne  it is always a pleasure to run into alabama service members while traveling abroad with our military  i loved catching up wit…
rt  cpac  having spent 20 years as a small business owner in georgia   reploudermilk understands firsthand the effect tax reform has on you…
our country s greatness relies on our commitment to faith and prayer 
rt  houseforeign    jefffortenberry  repedroyce  repeliotengel introduce bipartisan bill to promote wildlife conservation  responsible deve…
rt  francismarionu  what s the best way to learn about how the u s  congress works  a u s  congressman  of course  u s  representative tom…
rt  charliekirk11  3 big wins in 2017 you won t hear  trump confirmed the most circuit court judges ever in a president s 1st year  all co…
keep up the great work  thank you 
as the pyeong chang2018 winter olympics begin  we re proud to have one of our own   cbourque17 of  thehersheybears …
we stand with spain in the wake of this horrific and evil terrorist attack  praying for the people of barcelona 
 breaking-  i just voted to fund our government  fully fund our military and support our shipbuilders at biw  suppor…
  cerdec & partners at  jointbasemdl are a dedicated team of professionals who facilitate critical mission support 
rt  replamalfa  i m very pleased to see the u s  embassy in jerusalem is finally becoming a reality  this is a historic day for the u s  an…
another good week for america s workers  ✅ 400 franchise brands announced reinvestment in employees & economy ✅…
  hurdonthehill  a veteran should be able to go from active duty on base  to the va  to a private sector provider s…
rt  susanendalz  in 2016  per-person health care & long-term care pymnts 4 alz patients were 3x higher than 4 others on medicare  peterrosk…
one of the tennessee valley s big selling points has always been the fast travel time to and from work  i continue…
in early childhood  elementary  & secondary education hearing on examining government s management of native american schools
hamas purposefully uses civilian protests to stir up violence and put innocent lives at risk  that is why i introdu…
too many people still wrongfully see heart disease as a  man s disease —missing key warning signs & grave risks for…
for those opposed to h j  res 69  i really encourage you to do your homework  under general hunting regs  actions you refer to are prohbited
rt  waysandmeansgop  this morning  chairman  repkevinbrady was on  squawkcnbc live from the capitol to talk taxday  watch 
on tuesday  scott from edwardsville came to visit my office in dc  scott has epilepsy and we discussed critical res…
tax reform is incentivizing american companies to bring their overseas profits home  participate in the american ec…
it s always good to see the  arkbroadcast when they re in town  we had a great night 
congratulations to indiana native and purdue alum mark geyer on being named the next director of  nasa_johnson  loo…
today i received the  acuconservative award for conservative excellence for consistently voting to uphold conservat…
this legislation has the endorsement of the  glfop   napopolice  and the major county sheriffs  sergeants benevolen…
i will be hosting two town hall meetings in april  more information can be found here 
you can read the full report here -&gt  you can read the sofa act here -&gt 
as tensions continue to ease on the korean peninsula  i m thrilled that three americans have been released from nor…
we are now considering h r  449  synthetic drug awareness act of 2017 find all bills from today s full cmte markup…
rt  akszymanski   the military has always protected this nation from the outside so that we could become a more perfect union from within  …
h r  5002  ace research act has passed the full cmte by voice vote
rt  housegop  retweet to agree → we have a once-in-a-generation chance to put forth bold taxreform 
rt  jedelmanushmm  tomorrow i will be on capitol hill moderating a panel about  bigsoniamovie for holocaust remembrance day  i m thrilled t…
we must protect guaranteed right to free speech from being abused by the irs  block their proposed rules stop the i r s
icymi in  girlboss→ with women making up 47% of the u s  workforce—and 42% of working moms functioning as either t…
rt  houseappropsgop   sberry2012  potus  usreprodney  tomcoleok04  kencalvert  repcharliedent  reptomgraves  housegop  judgecarter  speaker…
enjoyed speaking to my friends at  cwfora this morning – and a special thank you to  pynance for the beautiful pray…
fun afternoon in parsippany at the fall festival and street fair 
in the north country  we know that agriculture is the backbone of our economy  i wrote on  medium about what we ve…
rt  foxnews  corporal rafael ixco  detective bruce southworth  deputy shaun wallen  detective brian olvera  district attorney investigator…
tune in at 10 30am ct  i m leading a  househomeland field hearing in  tx10  on the lessons learned from harvey and t…
rt  repesty  major bipartisan announcement coming later this morning    time for infrastructure
today is dedicated to the father of our nation and all the great presidents in american history utpol
we are now considering h r  4606  ensuring small scale lng certainty and access act find all bills from today s…
 2/2  i have long advocated such an action until stricter border control measures are in place  it makes no sense…
proud to cosponsor hr 1853  taiwan should be granted observer status in  interpol  
hostess joins the growing list of companies giving bonuses to workers as a result of taxreform  they re also throw…
keeping my colleagues & those injured in alexandria this morning in my thoughts  as always - thankful for a swift response by capitol police
if you need assistance from my office  please stop by the  ne03  mobile office hours hosted by my staff today and to…
may is military appreciation month  let s always cherish to the max the sacrifice of our military men & women in def…
i genuinely believe that we can work together to protect our environment and our shore economy from the dangers pos…
great to stop by the michigan fireservice breakfast this am  we can never thank our first responders enough for put…
learn more about the first annual dentistry for our vets 
rt  whitehouse  watch the  sotu  live alongside tweets from key trump administration accounts here 
rt  ilfarmbureau  in today s farm bureau in action story   replahood proposes new legislation that would allow fsa to automatically renew a…
happy to be in  noblesvillein at  gehealthcare s ultrasound refurbishment facility where about 100 hoosiers work t…
this is the last time you ll have to file taxes under the 32-year-old broken code  starting next year  americans wi…
agree  and i get so sick of the terms of debate being dictated by those responsible for violence against israel 
 repbyrne is managing the rule for the conference report to ndaa and the 21st century flood reform act  watch the  housefloor live on  cspan
i am honored to be a recipient of  ifda s thomas jefferson award  this is an award for members of congress who sup…
great evening kicking off coast guard community festival with local residents…
rt  mag1849  house budget committee to address cbo/cmmi
the first words samuel b  morse used on the telegraph were   what hath god wrought   i suspect the first 911 call…
the freedom to live by one s deeply held beliefs w/o fear of government punishment is a fundamental pillar of our d…
wondering if  potus  realdonaldtrump has seen the  iava polls about the lack of trust vets put on the  leadership…
icymi  my tax day oped  this is the last time you will have to file taxes under the old  unfair tax system 
jasper in dubois county  indiana is one of the more prosperous small-town community regions in the nation  where cl…
enjoyed morning with  pgc  pennsylvania game commission bat biologist staff & faculty from  lhu  lock haven &…
america s trade policy impacts the people of north texas on a daily basis and it is an honor to be named to the…
i added a video to a  youtube playlist iraq & syria troop withdrawal
terrible to see this  we are blessed to live in the united states  and we must stand for freedom everywhere 
thank you  nra for always protecting our second amendment rights 
rt  airandspace  today in 1962  john h  glenn jr  became 1st american to orbit earth in mercury  friendship 7 
the 2018 farm bill bridges the gap for  snap  recipients who are unemployed to help them find work to support them & their households 
rt  jimdemint  thanks to  repmarkwalker for fighting to cut wasteful spending  keep up the pressure 
great visit with students at east grand rapids high school  thanks for hosting rep   justinamash 
  housegop taxreform enables the american people to 
rt  waysandmeansgop  w&m is taking a bold bipartisan step to redesign the irs into an agency with one singular mission  taxpayer service …
  potus   since we passed tax cuts  roughly 3 million workers have already gotten tax cut bonuses—many of them thou…
 do i not destroy my enemies when i make them my friends   today marks the 209 birthday of our 16th president  the…
rancho steak grill is officially open in  tx23   congratulations on your ribbon cutting today  and i can t wait to s…
it was an honor to join  potus as he signed my bill to roll back obama-era regulations 
early morning media day in new york talking about my efforts to not only reform our tax code but now drive moderniz…
rt  dcexaminer  face to face with  lisamarieboothe  why rep  ryan zinke will never quit
looking forward to today s event 
you can learn more about all the investments contained in the fy18 omnibus by checking out our summary fact sheets…
icymi  here s my full interview with  varneyco this morning on  foxbusiness 
 developing & deploying cost-effective tech that reduce carbon emissions can also bring a range of further benefits…
border security is national security  our military does and must continue to play an important role in supporting o…
thomas sowell  if i were to name  three wise men  in america  one would be thomas sowell  think what a million thom…
rt  ahamidwest  u s   repmoolenaar recognized michigan teen xavier staubs  who pulled-out a drowning swimming opponent  with a tribute in t…
reminder  i will be hosting a  conference call with your congressman  this sunday night 
 kyleclark not so fast  kyleclark  i have paw supporters on both sides 
rt  angeladaviswcco  statement from congressman erik paulsen on president trump s decision to extend deportation protection program to libe…
this week  houseappropsgop did its job  7 annual funding bills passed through full committee and 12 through subcommittees 
today is first responder friday in  al03   each week  i will take the opportunity to highlight…
chairman  rephensarling   ustreasury report  inconsistent  with president s core principle on dodd-frank bailouts…
no child or educator should feel unsafe in their own school  thank you to superintendent clough and members of the…
i m presiding over the  housefloor right now  tune in 
discussed possible flooding scenarios along the tiffin river with defiance county public safety coordinator julie r…
rt  jecrepublicans  another witness  chairman of the board of circuit interruption technology  inc   rick hampton  said   the long-term dra…
many thanks to dan river high school in ringgold for hosting our 30th  va05  high school forum this afternoon  go w…
more than 90 percent of natural state businesses are small businesses  they employ nearly half of arkansas employee…
last night  i voted to keep the government open  pay our troops  and renew the children s health insurance program…
 cfpb first  let s consider what payday loans mean for the economy  12 million consumers use payday loans  60 0…
serving as speaker has been a great honor  now  with all three of my kids in their teens  i am ready to set new pri…
rt  housecommerce  media advisory  tonight sub environment chairman  repshimkus to host special order on nuclear waste &gt &gt 
it was an honor to be with many of indiana s finest last night at the national guard association of indiana s annua…
coders & computer science students- sign up for my congressional app challenge to compete against other students 
the state of the union is less than an hour away   sotu  tune in live online 
rt  ivankatrump  today  potus will sign the bipartisan  fosta   sesta  bill  which combats sex trafficking online  holds perpetrators account…
rt  tonykatz   his efforts are an embarrassment  and a disgrace   -  repjimbanks on former secretary of state john kerry meeting with irani…
we re still here and going strong   fy19ndaa 
tues   scotus  hears oral arguments in global digital privacy case  this issue should be decided in congress  not th…
stopped by the harrisonville police dept s location for drugtakeback to show support & thank them for their hard w…
the assad regime has continuously taken inhumane actions against his own people  the targeted strikes last night we…
  repdankildee and i welcomed  cmuniversity students today  i am proud to represent cmu and  repdankildee is a prou…
this morning  our nation honors the memory of rev  billy graham at the u s  capitol  recognizing this great man of…
yesterday i joined my house colleagues in passing the stop school violence act  looking forward to talking to my fr…
i want to thank  potus for coming to california and spending some time with our men and women in uniform  as well a…
rt  kccinews  rep  david young touts tax relief on bus tour
it was my pleasure to present madison jones of wilsonville  al with the congressional award 
rt  repdavebrat  happy small business week  did you know small businesses employ nearly 48% of the employees in the private sector in the un…
rt  foxnews    tgowdysc explains why he s calling for a special counsel to investigate alleged bias and fisa abuse inside the  thejusticede…
rt  cnbc  more  at&t is giving  1 000 bonuses to 200 000 u s  employees and will increase u s  capital spending by  1 billion because the t…
great news → this week  the house passed 8  househomeland bills to protect the homeland  including  repmccaul s dhs…
with fort bliss to the west   jbsa_official to the east &  laughlinafb in between   tx23  has a special relationship…
this bipartisan legislation would provide grant funding for evidence-based training to prevent school violence  res…
school choice has been one of my top priorities since first being elected to public service   schoolchoicewk…
to every house democrat on social media today complaining about the debt and deficit for the first time  i look for…
i spoke with  thehill earlier this week about how a government shutdown would be devastating to our department of d…
icymi  dte energy just announced that customers will see about a 3 percent reduction in their rates due to a lower…
 merlinmarshal community health centers are a high priority for me  i will continue to fight for their full funding 
this morning  over 100 veterans from across northeast iowa stopped by the wwii memorial in washington  dc  such an…
rt  hughhewitt  the schumer shutdown isn t playing well online or on air   left is hysterical in response  it will get worse for ds  should…
before a q&a session with the  beckmancatholic govt class  i met with the science club to learn about their recent…
merry christmas  wishing everyone a blessed holiday season  this photo of the white house christmas tree was take…
this week &gt &gt &gt  house votes on r e v i e wact to protect americans from the financial burden of high-impact regulations
icymi  earlier this week i sat down with  wlos_13 for  c2c  to discuss house passage of my bill  hr3299   how the bud…
deuteronomy 21 22-23 if a man has committed a sin worthy of death and he is put to death and you hang him on a tree…
i met with representatives from the new york association of conservation districts  nyacd  to discuss efforts to pr…
thanks to the tax cutsand jobs act  a typical  middle-income family of four in co-04 will see a tax cut of  2 708 
 otd  in 1803  ohio was the 17th state to join the union  today it turns 215 years old  happy birthday  ohio   oh 
latest news update on former president h w  bush 
rt  houseforeign  chairman  repedroyce announces iran hearing
rt  senategop  the schumer shutdown clock
while the production line was shut down while congress was deciding whether or not the a-10 was going to be preserv…
excellent meeting with long island representatives of the  arthritisfdn  arthritis is a debilitating disease and  a…
after constituents in  tx24  had their newborn child s social security card stolen out of their mailbox  we found th…
rt  presssec  nothing could better underscore the importance of getting america s top diplomat in place for such a time as this  dems have…
rt  speakerryan  hardworking  middle-income families are being squeezed by our broken tax code  with this bill  they ll finally get the rel…
we thank them for their commitment in fighting to preserve the values that make our nation strong  veterans day
we are now considering h r  5333  the over-the-counter monograph safety  innovation  and reform act find all bill…
rt  janicewolfinger  thank you to  repadriansmith for attending the  ffasem banquet 
honored to be on  outnumberedot with  harrisfaulkner
rt  usairforce  the air force recruits airmen  but we retain families  we are the greatest air force in the world because of our airmen an…
great roundtable with regional leaders to discuss the growth at fort gordon  the proposed pit production mission at…
excellent plug for  cte  from  potus during  sotu       let us invest in workforce development and job training  let…
part of the document production congress received on march 30 was on a classified disc  100% of the substantive mat…
under the leadership of thomas j  haas   gvsu has transformed into a nationally recognized and respected educationa…
banks speaks to howe cadets via  kpcnews
today is the grand opening of w f  west high school s new stem wing – congrats all  it was a real treat to tour you…
rt  southarkcc  glad to have  repwesterman touring our east campus this afternoon  south ark4 u
rt  repjoewilson  i will be taking questions via twitter tomorrow afternoon  tweet   me your questions using ask joe wilson & i will try to…
tariffs are taxes and increase the price of goods bought by americans  the increased prices will be paid by iowans …
  alien4decade ask buddy
my statement on today s passage of the russia  iran  and north korea sanctions act 
i was not on board the train and i am safe  thanks to the capitol police and my colleagues with medical training fo…
i am on board the train involved in the crash  and am safe  appreciate all who have reached out and incredibly gra…
the house judiciary committee approved the music modernization act by a vote of 32-0  this bipartisan legislation up…
over 1 million jobs in tx are supported by trade w/ canada & mexico  nationwide  this trade supports nearly 14 million american jobs 
the trump administration s action to roll back the government overreach of net neutrality will benefit all users of…
welcome back   stevescalise  team scalise
thanks to ksmo in salem for having me on  happy to talk about the impact of tax cuts in missouri s 8th district  a…
 niosha  thefix  indivisible_oc it s blatant if u disagree then you should oppose id necessary 4 licenses 4 vet benefits  4 gun purchase ect
it s about time we secure our border and create a permanent legislative fix for daca recipients who have only known…
keep americas oj in america  get relief to growers save our citrus  mickmulvaney  secretarysonny  realdonaldtrump  speakerryan sayfie
i was honored to be with our vietnam war veterans this afternoon in lampasas  thank you for your selfless service -…
rt  hascrepublicans  live at 10 edt  hasc hearing on dod budget request w/ chairman  mactxpress  secdef   cjcs   gendunford watch here 
 no parent should ever have to wonder if their child is safe at school  i want coloradans and americans across the…
rt  mactxpress   this bill takes the crucial next steps to rebuilding our military and reforming the pentagon  our nation owes the men and…
i kicked off national police week with upson county sheriff dan kilgore  district attorney ben coker and the upson c…
the  uscapitol flags fly at half-staff today in honor of peace officers memorial day  paying tribute to our fallen la…
right now  we have ships that cannot go to sea  planes that cannot fly  and troops without the equipment they need to deploy 
in case you missed it  from the  wsj_online editors  private jet-setters against better air travel/the folks who d…
the house gop fought for and achieved significant conservative wins in the omnibus spending bill  the bill includes…
praying for all affected by hurricane harvey  proud of our local 1st responders who are helping in the recovery 
rt  housescience  last night during  sotu    potus reminded us that science and discovery have always been part of what makes america great …
rt  usfs_rmrs   repryanzinke staff visit the rmrs missoula fire sciences laboratory to learn about sound science for wildfire
i joined hunting & fishing talk radio  710espnseattle to chat about my efforts to protect southwest washington salm…
live now  joining  teamcavuto on  foxbusiness to discuss ongoing trade negotiations and more  tune in here …
rt  danjendig  thank you  repmoolenaar for taking the time to meet with us this week to talk about issues important for people in the ms co…
happy passover to all of the jewish faith in our community   va10 
at a hfac hearing on stopping russian interference in european elections  this serious threat requires a coordinate…
betsy ross  clara barton  amelia earhart  all the rosie the riveters  and rosa parks  brave  smart  innovative  & c…
we must do all in our power to stop ms-13 & gang violence  that s why i introduced the protecting our communities f…
holding a press conference now at  day_intlairport on f a areauthorization provisions to keep passengers from being…
rt  claudechafin  note  secdef raised concerns with the senate last month-  every day russia in a position basically to checkmate us with w…
rt  houseappropsgop  happening now   secnielsen testifies before  judgecarter  usreprodney and the homeland security subcommittee on the  d…
h r  5327  comprehensive opioid recovery centers act 2018  as amended  has been reported to the full cmte by voice vote 
today s wasteful wednesday bill  prohibits the national science foundation from studying how members of congress interact with each other 
rt  housejudiciary   repgoodlatte  repjohnconyers  jimpressoffice  jacksonleetx18  fisa702  must be reauthorized with reforms to better safe…
rt  ams_sciencefair   conawaytx11 thank you for a great visit  proud to share our olc program & great work our students do leading lessons …
it was an honor to speak before the sodus bay rotary club  enjoyed our conversation on my bipartisan efforts in was…
 four themes unite  google millennials  its mission  flexibility  trust in employees  and pursuit of an inclusive workplace  g o p future
house responsibly funded  realdonaldtrump priorities  the wall  troop pay raise  strong defense & takes care of vet…
rt  austinkellerman   sharptusk  drewpetrimoulx  repwesterman  karkscenes was able to track this down from 1945 
we must continue our fight against radicalization both at home and abroad 
rt  austal_usa  austal usa named by forbes as one of america s best midsize employers
  torchhuntsville is a great homegrown success story for the tennessee valley  i was pleased to take part in today …
in an interview with  dailycaller  tommy fisher explains  fishersandg  s proposal for building a wall along the bor…
rt  wlos_13  news 13 alert - watch live  rev  billy graham casket departure from the us capitol
excited to announce that the 2018 congressional art competition is officially open to all high school students in…
editor s note  go slow on renewing surveillance powers
i visited independence manor this week to discuss alz & recognize  jeanniecastells for her advocacy   endalz 
rt  frcaction  one nation  under god   repkristinoem  capitaljournal
i am praying for the residents of mountainburg and crawford county who have been hit by a tornado  as this storm sy…
it was a pleasure to attend the grand opening of the amazon fulfillment center in cecil county this morning  and gr…
rt  stlcountypd  sgt  sparks  officers hauck and kaufmann proudly representing  saintlouco in washington dc during the 37th annual national…
great to see constituents from forsyth county who are in dc attending the  _allrise_ annual conference   nadcp17 
what s the secret to a melt-resistant ice cream  read how scientists have found a great way to use a product that i…
don t forget to return your unused prescription medications this weekend  check out the link to find your nearest d…
thank you to our spring intern liz for all of her hard work this semester in our washington office 

rt  newswest9  awesome  the midland high tennis duo  kate daugherty and allison stewart  are featured in the faces in the crowd   
  usrepgarypalmer  we have a remarkable opportunity here before us to modernize and streamline the federal governme…
congress has finally delivered on the promise of tax reform  and i am proud to have supported this historic tax bill 
i joined a group of ny colleagues in sending a letter to u s  trade rep  lighthizer highlighting the need to priori…
rt  kbwingfield  our commentary this week by  repdougcollins explains his prison reform and redemption act  inspired by criminal justice re…
rt  ktar923  arizona astrophysicist s photos to be featured on eclipse stamp 
one of my favorite parts of representing my neighbors in  ga09  is recommending young leaders to u s  military acade…
rt  ahaadvocacy  bipartisan rural emergency medical center legislation from  replynnjenkins  repronkind  repterrisewell would help ensur…
icymi   waysandmeansgop  from coast to coast  support for historic tax reform legislation is growing 
 tpcarney sounds like the action is too low  makes it easier to play but you run into these issues  might be time for a new banjo nut 
but it s important to remember the big picture  mccabe was a critical figure in both the clinton email investigatio…
house approves new range communications facility for cape canaveral air force station
tune in  i will be on  sundayfutures at about 10am et with  mariabartiromo to discuss news of the day  border national guard syria
rt  foxnewssunday    mactxpress on possible preemptive strike on no ko  you don t take options off the table   you don t talk about what yo…
rt  tylercampbellky  thank you  repguthrie for meeting with kentucky rural broadband providers during our visit to capitol hill  we appreci…
 dyk   firefighters normally suit up in 60 seconds  ty to  greenawaldsfire for walking me through the process & for…
rt  repstefanik  the  fy19ndaa  is critical to rebuilding our military  bolstering our readiness  and strengthening our cyber warfare capabi…
thank you to all who came out to my 2018 service academy day today  and congratulations to the students who receive…
meet the young family  our 2017 angels in adoption  tx11 
  potus government funding bill  which he signed into law last month  provides new funding to secure the border & b…
talking issues with a wide variety of folks this week - always a pleasure   mi06 
while we humbly turn to god & put our troubles in his hands  we also give thanks for the freedoms we cherish  as on…
rt  repdonyoung  i m proud that my bill had bipartisan support  this is a common sense bill that will allow the  nlemuseum to honor the man…
rt  cvpayne  just in nearly 600 000 americans came off of food stamps in january  this is the essence of progress this is something we all…
today ohio is an even better place to start and grow a business 
i caught up with  talk1073 earlier this week to give a quick dc below 
the irs website crash this week showed just how bad it s gotten at the irs  the good news is  this week  we passed…
proud to have strong leaders like  potus  realdonaldtrump and  vp mike pence committed to building a border wall  s…
rt  jakejakeny  this is another example of a fundamental misunderstanding in the gun debate  there are probably 100 million gun owners in t…
live look at the  housecommerce markup for repeal and replace of obamacare 20 hours and still going 
save the date  please join me at my opioid summit in camden on monday  march 26th  opioid use has become a local a…
happening now   repdougcollins is managing the rule on h r  38  the concealed carry reciprocity act  watch live on  cspan
glad to see  flotus unveil her be best campaign to support our nation s children 
rt  natresources  hunters are a driving force behind funding many of our nation s conservation efforts   austinscottga08 s bill gives stat…
meet charlene  she is a first time homeowner in the city of dunkirk  her dream of owning a home was made possible b…
thanks to the folks at the national alliance on mental illness for inviting me to have a conversation about how we…
working moms  who have the toughest job of all  was part of the conversation as we built our tax bill   ivankatrump…
wishing you and your family a fun and safe labor day 
had a great time touring the  moltenusa distribution center in reno  a big thx to their staff for showing me around
rt  repmialove  breaking  my bill to reduce regulation on smallbanks has passed the house    financialcmte  hr4771  utpol
today  we honor dr  martin luther king jr  his courageous message of freedom and leadership shaped our nation …
i am profoundly concerned for safety of courageous activist  marthabroque after reports of death threats   the regi…
businesses in  nm02  are putting savings from tax reform towards their employees & creating jobs for the community …
the president is vetoing the defense authorization bill because he wants more money for the epa and irs 
rep  sensenbrenner statement at markup of the usa liberty act 
rt  osuprezdrake  thanks to  boblatta for his keynote address at this morning s scarlet and gray congressional breakfast in dc  bipartisan…
my colleagues and i on  housecommerce are working to keep the internet free and open  unlike  nygovcuomo who has si…
rt  mzhemingway  a tale of two comeys 
  potus says   since the election  we have created 2 4 million new jobs  including 200 000 new jobs in manufacturing alone    sotu 
here s what i told  soledadobrien on  matteroffacttv about displaced peoples living here under temporary protected…
rt  cap_cog  this is critically important to our region  state and country  ty  repmoolenaar  repmikebishop
rt  hharrarbrc11  happening now  lancaster co officials celebrate pre-k expansion at roundtable discussion over continuing to invest and fu…
during national foster care month  we renew our commitment to ensuring that every child has the safe  loving family…
  mrsb1stgraders thanks for your question  ask buddy
rt  lwcfcoalition  ty  repryanzinke for your vote for  lwcf  in energy bill  we appreciate your support of america s best recreation progr…
my statement on yesterday s omnibus spending bill 
lower income tax rates from tax cuts & jobs act is saving  chipotletweets about  40 mil  giving them the opportunit…
stepped out to chat with the world s 1 health technology cluster for innovation   medicalalley   i look forward to…
yes   reppeteaguilar  i agree  both of our political parties can come together and pass a permanent legislative rem…
i thank  speakerryan for appointing me to the japan-united states friendship commission  and i m honored to be a pa…
the tax cutand jobs act provides families in  nc10  and all across america with much needed taxrelief  visit…
 rockheadnj please send me your home address and name of power company  my staff has been working around the clock to assist constituents 
if silicon valley continues with its illegal hiring practices congress must investigate  googlememo
 nancyatheart thank you for the honor and all that you do
two key committee chairmen call for the appointment of a special counsel  ag sessions needs to heed the call and ma…
my amendment on unmanned aircraft systems  uas  spectrum to the  faa  reauthorization bill was adopted today by the…
about to speak about the incredible relationship between the us and israel  tune in 👇🏻
the  whitehouse is hosting a summit on the opioid epidemic  with the 3rd highest overdose mortality rate in the nat…
you can join at any time from 5 30 - 6 30pm this evening by calling 1-877-229-8493 and using the passcode 116365 
it will be a win for the chehalis tribe when it s allowed to build a distillery  brewery & educational training fac…
house just passed an extension to the va choice and quality employment act to ensure veterans can receive timely medical care close to home 
in 2015  kate steinle was murdered in san francisco by an illegal immigrant who had been deported multiple times   
rt  speakerboehner    houseadmngop s 2013 legislative data & transparency conference is happening now  watch it live  
lawmakers ask attorney general to take second look at lerner s case via  lracheldg  dailysignal
one of my longstanding frustrations is how hard it s been for ssa to get some of its fraud cases prosecuted 1/6
i promised my constituents that i would work each and every day on their behalf to drive down the national debt  se…
spent time with ret  col  david lobb and the  militaryofficer folks today for m o a a storms  thank you for your servi…
  repcurbelo wishes all his jewish neighbors in  fl26  and friends celebrating around the world a happy passover 
one great  fine gentleman and tireless advocate for our city and state  martha and i mourn his passing 
rt  repmarkwalker  we cannot spend like democrats and not do anything from here to november  we have to keep building on our successes and…
rt  libertycaucus  vote alert  hlc statement on house amendment to senate amendment to  hr1892   continuing resolution until march 23  2018…
rt  housecommerce  live now  sub environment convenes hearing on  the future of transportation fuels and vehicles  &gt &gt 
icymi  after my testimony in sept  the usitc voted in favor of whirlpool  good news for ohio jobs 
new report from  jama_current shows synthetic opioids now overtake prescription opioids in opioid crisis fatalities…
congratulations to terry doughty  the new u s  district judge for the western district of louisiana  confirmed in a…
rt  houseappropsgop  chairman  congmikesimpson  the bill maintains a strong nuclear deterrent to meet the challenges of a changing security…
happy mothers day to all the amazing  loving and selfless mothers  especially to the beautiful  wonderful mothers i…
thank you  our entire team is very proud of this wonderful honor   service first  pa03   pa 
happening now  i m chairing the  rulesreps hearing  watch live 👇🏻
rt  financialcmte  chairman  rephensarling congratulates senate  calls for continued negotiation ⬇️
after working to help negotiate a path forward on this important project for years  i am pleased the parties have r…
our military service academies are some of the most rigorous and prestigious universities in the country  the bar i…
as co-chair of the parkinson s caucus  i was honored to speak at today s caucus briefing  it is important that poli…
rt  polishembassyus  deputy foreign minister  mmagierowski met w/ cogressman  peterroskam to discuss us-poland relations as well as polish-…
in january  rep   justinamash welcomed  grrtl and others from michigan to our d c  office for  march_for_life  it s…
rt  ecodevlancaster  a further look into the fab fours tour with congressman ralph norman  check out the new paint booths being installed a…
this morning i testify before  housevetaffairs  the veterans transplant coverage act has 75 bipartisan sponsors 
a great day in  pa   celebrating good news for the usa  tax cutsand jobs act  maga 
thank you to the brave men & women who put your lives on the line every day to protect our families  communities  &…
50 years ago today   martin luther king jr  s final speech   i ve been to the mountaintop  -- the full text
rt  afrfarmorg  farm economy  rural health care and vo-tech funding among the issues discussed by  afrfarmorg leaders and  tomcoleok04 toda…
live now  i m speaking at  cfr_org with  jamesmlindsay about the iran deal  north korea negotiations  and other for…
strong* we got excited 
please join me in keeping them  as well as the first responders  in your thoughts and prayers 
🤦🏻‍♂️ as if fix n i c s gun control in the omnibus wasn t enough to lay on conservatives today  btw  obama atf didn …
i was proud to support the make america secure and prosperous act  which funds our nation s top priorities while re…
today s passage of terror lake bill represents important step to moving project forward & meeting needs of kodiak
today the people s house acted in a strong bipartisan way to secure schools and protect vulnerable students  the…
tune in to  foxbusiness at 8 15am central  talking to  cvpayne on  varneyco about pelosi s comments on taxes 
those who know me know the way to my heart  cottoncandy
join me tonight for a vets info workshop in mcalester  come on down to the j i  stipe recreation center at 5pm if we…
rt  waysandmeansgop  tomorrow is tax day and the good news is this is the last year you will have to file using the old  broken code  check…
bravo zulu to 219th red horse squadron for winning the 2016  ngaus1878 distinguished mission support award mtpol
rt  ymcachicago  tbt congressman roskam stopped by the  kroehlerymca this month and talked about the importance of out of school time pro…
met with the sports & fitness industry association today to discuss h r  1267  it was a pleasure meeting with them …
the pediatric dental specialists are all smiles  good to discuss impt issues facing children s access to oral healt…
rt  aarauctions  the naa is committed to representing & advocating for it s members  one way is through the annual naa day on the hill in w…
just announced    add this one to the growing list   
we are going to hold california s 48th district for the republican party and for president trump  nancy pelosi is n…
rt  manateegov  some very special guests on hand for this morning s ribbon cutting of the ft  hamer bridge   vernbuchanan  carolwhitmore  j…
due to a glitch  the  irsnews e-file system was down for most of tuesday so  ustreasury has extended the 2018…
up to  2 085 penalty levied per family on americans who don t obtain health insurance   source  a c abythenumbers
i will be chairing part of today s tom lantos human rights commission hearing on the condition of human rights and…
wait around to see the finish       cbo says it has no value 
i am happy to announce students from boonton hs have won my congressional app challenge  their app skeleserve was c…
more than 4 million workers  and counting  are seeing wage increases  obtaining bonuses  and receiving other employ…
bravo zulu to the law enforcement teams who brought down the terrorist who bombed ny & nj  incredible resolve  see something say something
rt  hurdonthehill  the final  gopoversight  it  subcommittee hearing on artificial intelligence is happening now  livestream →
i ll be on the  thedanmasonshow at 4 05 pm pt  7 05 pm et  on  newstalk780koh  tune in live to hear our discussion 
thank you  scactionnetwork for your efforts in early childhood education and support for the p a c e act
i m honored to lead the fight on h r  4022  the reach every mother and child act  mothers around the world deserve…
that s true  ms  johnson  ending the war on coal and rolling back other overly burdensome regulations has also had…
rt  weswatts1  all wbr schools will be closed wednesday  january 17th  wbrschools
  repronestes  congress should deliver more of what s working
want to get important updates on my work in washington d c  and the north country delivered directly to your inbox …
autism is 1 word trying to describe millions of stories & today is world autism awareness day – a time for us to offe…
will be thinking of my good friend  nickzerwas as i vote in support of right to try on the house floor tonight 
we all have the same goal of keeping our students safe at school  which is why i ve supported the stop school viole…
last week with team brady    the end is my favorite part 
  realdonaldtrump continues to take bold action to make our government work better  his appointment of my friend &…
we re 10 minutes away from my tax reform telephone town hall & house ways & means member  reptomrice has stopped in…
rt  facethenation  this sunday   mactxpress will discuss us military readiness 
thanks adam always good to see you and my friends  ncsrccarpenters    mn02 
sad to hear of the passing of fort bend county judge ronald cohen  he served our county honorably and will be misse…
interested in touring washington during the holiday season  find more information here 
rt  nataliewsj  here to say that i love seeing all of the congress peeps that are stoked about crs reports becoming public via the omni 
at 10 00 am  i will join rep  justinamash  sen   randpaul  sen   ronwyden   repzoelofgren  rep  jim_jordan and othe…
rt  realdonaldtrump  my prayers and best wishes are with the family of edwin jackson  a wonderful young man whose life was so senselessly t…
  cactus_health has provided quality care since 2003 for folks in fort stockton & surrounding west texas communitie…
i m live in studio with  wadeandcarter 🎙 listen in ➡️
president trump s  sotu  address begins in just a few minutes  will you be watching 
in the social security chief actuary s report  he outlines serious challenges that this program faces 
rt  hascrepublicans  icymi  chairman  mactxpress joined  cnn to encourage passage of the budget deal that supports our military -
beginning at 10 a m   the committee will hold a hearing as part of our extensive review of the resources available…
a cdc study found that 45% of women & 22% of men in wa have experienced sexual violence  this is unacceptable  duri…
rt  waysandmeansgop  chairman  repkevinbrady in  dcexaminer   according to the national federation of independent business  the share of sm…
5 years ago  senschumer said it would be  governmental chaos  to threaten a shutdown  today  he s the one threateni…
it was a pleasure to visit with president  harrispastides of the  uofsc yesterday  my washington office is full of…
chairman bishop joined  oann to discuss the  11 6 billion  natlparkservice backlog  the endangered species act  and…
the marchforlife is the largest pro-life rally in the world  the prolifegeneration will not be silenced  whywemarch
i was proud to present flags to representatives of  ky_alschapter yesterday 
 we have seen a lot of positive changes in our country and our economy over the last year  however  there is a lot…
during their deployment  the national guard can assist border patrol and prevent those who wish to enter our country illegally 
i m at columbia high school s event about school safety  gun laws  bullying  and mental health   lancasteronline
chairman  mactxpress - history of these negotiations   shows north korea tries to manipulate us and the world    th…
rt  deptofdefense  on this national k9 veterans day  we d like to take a moment to thank the loyal and hard-working retired 🐶 who stayed clos…
today i will vote yes on a balanced budget amendment to the constitution  tennesseans know the greatest threat to o…
camden and pasquotank counties  we are live  to join the telephone town hall  i encourage you to call directly to  …
rt  housegop  another reason for taxreform → family focused credits are too complicated 
rt  ericmgarcia  meadows is from western nc  which has some pretty good sauce 
thank you to the taney corporation  flowserve  sauder s eggs  and fuchs north america for your hospitality last wee…
thank you to all who attended our town hall in enfield on thursday   ny23 
rt  househomeland    potus   we celebrate our police  our military  and our amazing veterans as heroes who deserve our total and unwavering…
last summer  mdubowitz and i warned of the growing buildup of iranian forces along israel s border with syria  as w…
cheers to hard work in 2015  and more to come in the newyear  it s an honor to serve ca s first & finest district 
rt  speakerryan  retweet if you agree → our men and women in uniform deserve a pay raise  this week  the house votes to give them their big…
unforced errors are turning vital projects into boondoggles  the irs isn t even asking the most basic questions bef…
the notre dame women s basketball team are national champions  congratulations on an incredible win   goirish   ndwbb
rt  farmpolicy  audio clip   repdavidyoung asked  secretarysonny about the trans-pacific partnership   tpp   at today s  houseappropsgop ag…
 reploubarletta i thank all  transport  transportdems members and staff for their tireless  bipartisan efforts to b…
optimism amongst small biz owners is at a record high  following tax reform  john has been able to create more jobs…
happy birthday chairman  petesessions 
tax reform works
rt  speakerryan  the late rev  billy graham will lie in honor in the u s  capitol rotunda today  here is how you can watch the service at 1…
always great to see  semissouristate president carlos vargas in dc  carlos and chris martin stopped by to discuss t…
over veterans day weekend  i ve had the opportunity to thank veterans and their families from around our community…
celebrating 103 years of service and sacrifice by the u s  navy reserve  to all those who ve served and continue to…
yesterday afternoon  i sent a letter to the chairman of the agriculture committee urging him to consider strengthen…
rt  housevetaffairs  the va care in the community act just passed out of committee  read  drphilroe s statement 
icymi  this morning  the legislative branch subcommittee held a hearing to review the fy19 budget for  usgpo  watch…
stream live now 📺 we examine the implications of the opioid epidemic for  usdol s workers  compensation program for…
rt  wzzm13  naacp  grand rapids police used excessive force handcuffing-11 year-old
great talking this morning with  kfox14 about my work in to provide certainty for daca recipients  also discussed t…
the tax cuts & jobs act is a game-changer for every day american families  that is why we are determined to send to…
here is this week s hearing schedule  monday   5 pm - h r  1 - tax cuts & jobs act conference report - h r  3312 -…
i m not sure what democrats are calling  crumbs   but here s what the millions of dollars businesses are pouring in…
thanks to  realdonaldtrump s strong leadership  north korea is in retreat  the world is a safer place when the unit…
today i introduced legislation to ensure that officials at the irs cannot abuse their power by pulling the rug out…
today is world autism awareness day  today and the rest of the month of april provides us with the valuable opportu…
a fantastic visit to washington high school this past week  thank you for the discussion about current issues  as w…
join me and representatives from local  state and federal agencies and organizations for this important update on v…
icymi  read my op-ed in the detroit news about my bill  the protecting our children s future act 
great speaking with you about important issues facing our nation  hannah 
ready to join  foxbusiness to discuss the upcoming sotu  and why we can expect  realdonaldtrump to discuss broadba…
house approves posey amendment to prohibit the use of private servers by government employees
rt  dailysignal   the executive order is going to address the past administration s effort to kill jobs across this country through the cl…
saddened to hear the news of my friend and colleague rep  louise slaughter  my prayers are with her family and friends 
rt  westcaucusfound    westerncaucus &  repgosar fighting for gov funding that prioritizes the west  including modern forest management for…
rt  anacabrera   the whole point of this is – let s bring it up for a debate  the dreamers have been held in the balance here    repjeffden…
i was glad to escape the washington snow last thursday to head back home and kick off my district work period first…
the fifa world cup is about promoting sportsmanship and spreading goodwill  that s why i am proud to have my resolu…
big congratulations dr  jo  a well deserved achievement  cc  clarkstate  clarkstatepres
praying for the victims  their families and loved ones  we are all standing with the parkland community 
starting now  the first full committee markup for fiscal year 2019  military construction and veterans affairs and…
rt  fiudc  a great afternoon at  sflhcc honoring our own  roslehtinen for her decades of leadership for south florida and  fiu  
honored to be one of 15 u s  representatives to receive  ntu taxpayers  friend award for consistently voting to pro…
thanks to  hascrepublicans for including my 12 carrier act bill in today s seapower mark of  fy18ndaa 
 while town hall meetings can be difficult  they are important to a healthy democracy    thehill  wi05 
hey george lopez   to paraphrase you  i ll flush you too  …
i am honored and its a privilege to be recognized in this way  i will always vote for the people of colorado s fift…
2016 - there were 182 counties in states with only 1 insurer participating on the exchange  2017 - there are 687
play ball  best start to my weekend  on the field of a first colony dream league game  great league  greater kids 
we always enjoy the proud  loudounchamber tradition of our business community honoring our career and volunteer eme…
rt  toddstarnes  rep   jim_jordan and  replouiegohmert denounce democrat attacks on mike pompeo todd starnes show listen live
happy birthday  joenbc glad to join you all on  morning_joe this am as you finally found a real fiscal conservative…
 thewesternword order flags here 
rt  bcatoday  bca leadership is in d c  this week meeting with alabama s congressional delegation and working on behalf of our state s busi…
joining  ingrahamangle on  foxnews- tune in   tgif 
the house last night voted to fund our military and keep the government open  it is up to senate democrats to do the same 
rt  hmmanufacturing  hm manufacturing is proud to have hosted the tax cuts work rally with  rephultgren   peterroskam  and  danmcconchie  t…
my serve act helps returning veterans utilize skills refined during military service in successful civilian careers
happy national farmers day  agriculture contributes approx  74 35 bil annually to ga s economy  thank a farmer today 
rt  cheathwftv    repdennisross on g o p tax plan passing us house 
progress on the national veterans memorial and museum designation bill i introduced with  repbeatty and  pattiberi -&gt https //t co/ghudcra76z
this is a shame  sanctuary cities put american citizens and legal immigrants at the back of the line  behind illega…
read my statement on faa reauthorization 
join me in praying for our nation & the safety of our troops & law enforcement who keep us safe national dayof prayer
some well deserved recognition  especially as we celebrate police week 
rt  speakerryan  the federal government is needlessly shut down this morning because of senate democrats  they need to stop this reckless g…
happening now  tune in 
rt  facethenation  today  must-watch interviews of  ambjohnbolton and  tgowdysc join us for  facethenation this morning 📺
the 24 000  nc   lowes employees can thank the tax cutsand jobs act for their  1 000 bonuses and expanded benefits  ye…
the senate should swiftly confirm gina haspel as cia director  as we face threats around the globe  our country nee…
that being said  cuts to the  glri  program will harm efforts to restore habitats  prevent invasive species  and cle…
rt  greggharper  reintroduced my bill to terminate the wasteful and obsolete election assistance commission  eac  yesterday  it s time to s…
 if you work hard  if you believe in yourself  if you believe in america  then you can dream anything  you can be a…
sintonice  americateve esta noche a las 11  hablé con felix guillermo sobre cuba  venezuela y más  // tune in to…
rt  waysandmeansgop  breaking  107 house republicans sent a letter to potus reinforcing the need to take action against unfair trading part…
rt  gdsfoundation  a big shout-out to the house and  petesessions for working tirelessly to include funding for a new-trans nih initiative…
tonight  all of america is standing strong with the parkland community  god bless parkland  god bless america  and…
jobs  jobs  jobs  exciting news for chesterfield county 
today s memorial service for the late  repmarktakai rip brother  such a good guy 
this is how taxreform is creating more opportunities for americans and their families 
 tpa  here s how it works  congress sets objectives  if objectives aren t met  deal s off  tpa4usjobs
european allies are harmed when the u s  should be working with them to confront china on unfair trade practices  i…
 generaldon  jcp_l  philmurphynj  therealchrissyh please send me your home address  my staff will reach out to jcp…
tune in  i m live on facebook from the vietnam veterans commemoration event in woodstock   va06 
earlier today i spoke with  ron_on_ron about the impact of dodd frank on rural america  listen here 
earlier today  i attended a naturalization ceremony in sullivan co  and witnessed prospective citizens give the oat…
rt  rickfop86  shout out to  susanwbrooks for visiting our indiana delegation following the national fop peace officers memorial service in…
rt  speakerryan  amendments  conference committees  & executive sessions --&gt  what the start of a return to regular order looks like 
rt  forestandpaper  our industry employs 26 k workers in virginia  1 5k workers in va-09  learn more about  repmgriffith here 
the senate needs to pass my bill punishing cop killers thinblueline police deaths are up 20% this year  sayfie
nothing like talking to a  ga09  neighbor to brighten a day in dc  today i had the pleasure of wishing maude a happy…
some people snatch hubcaps  others snatch tradesecrets & intellectual property live hearing at 2pm today…
rt  ncemergency  uncertainty remains re  path of irma n c  but we must be ready n c for possibility of trop storm conditions across nc early…
  repdesantis  the american people deserve to know the facts about what changed between administrations and how pre…
hosting a vets town hall meeting in fallon mon  may 2 from 10 am pt – 12 pm pt   the fallon city council chambers 
as i reflect on the life my father lived  i often think of his service to our country  he proudly served our nation…
today on gold star spouse day  we are reminded that too often our gold star families & spouses are overlooked in thei…
rt  amsralliance  florida s  repgusbilirakis fight to end medicare fraud paying off for seniors as new medicare cards roll out  he &  usrep…
thankful for this moment of solidarity on the house floor with my colleagues from both sides of the aisle 
i m praying for the family of the u s  marshall who was killed today in harrisburg while just trying to do his job …
rt  waysandmeansgop  happy birthday   repdianeblack  under her leadership at  housebudgetgop  chairman black gave us the runway to land tax…
i thank god many times a day for blessing me with the greatest gift  my beautiful  caring wife and mother of our ch…
today is law enforcement appreciation day  please join me in thanking all of the brave men and women in blue who prot…
 pruitt s new policy will force the epa to rely on studies for which data are available to other researchers  ensur…
data privacy is critically important  as a  housecommerce member  i look forward to hearing from mr  zuckerberg nex…
check out the witty wisdom from  ga09  first responders who are keeping us safe  and entertained  in tough weather c…
rt  ushcc  we excited to hear from  betoorourke &  hurdonthehill as they discuss america s business future and the role the hispanic commun…
i m hosting a live  telephone town hall this evening and i want to hear from you  you can join any time between 5 3…
addressing leftover opioids on the front end with packaging and on the back end with disposal will help eliminate t…
russia s hostile actions on a principal ally and nato member cannot be tolerated  i am pleased the u s  is taking f…
mandatory spending controlled by laws other than approps ex  ss  medcare & medicaid  discretionary is appropriated…
rt  housejudiciary  tune in today at 12 30 for a  housejudiciary press conference on the  securing america s future act   watch the livestr…
the economic development subcommittee will hold a roundtable on the federal real property database on wednesday apr…
attending a u s  service academy is such a meaningful and unique opportunity for our nation s youth to not only rec…
rt  repmikecoffman  great news for vets nationwide  my bill  hr918  requiring the  deptvetaffairs to provide mental healthcare to veterans…
tomorrow is national prescription drug take back day  do your part to combat prescription drug misuse and dispose o…
proud to attend  realdonaldtrump s signing of nasa authorization bill that ensures our country remains 1 in space…
thanks for having me  great discussion 
psalm 96 5 for all the gods of the people are idols  but the lord made the heavens 
rt  nature_nj    replobiondo calls this project a  win-win-win for cape may county residents  ecotourism  and environmental stewardship  …
happening now  my bill  the eastern band cherokee historic lands reacquisition act  is being marked up in…
rt  irsnews  tax day update   irs  provides an extra day for taxpayers to file and pay their taxes following system issues  file by midnight…
rt  cathymcmorris  happy to join  mactxpress in leading our freshman members on a trip to the pentagon today  we re committed to rebuilding…
rt  stevescalise  the  legend from louisiana  – that s a new one  thank you mr  president 
i extend condolences to my dear friend dan mason  host of  newstalk780koh s  thedanmasonshow  after the recent passing of his father donald 
rt  housescience  thank you   energy and the national labs  for all you ve done and continue to do  we look forward to hearing your testimo…
sanctuary jurisdictions that flagrantly violate the law are putting american citizens at risk  and it must stop  th…
i met with yakima seniors   protectmyma to discuss importance of preserving medicare advantage   the medicare advan…
today  rev  billy graham will lie in honor in the u s  capitol rotunda so our nation can pay respects to a man who…
about to join my friend melissa francis on  foxbusiness to talk trade— tune in   mn02
the homeland security subcommittee is conducting important budget oversight this morning at a hearing with  icegov…
i ve attached my annual review  and i d ask that you take the time to look through it  it s been a busy year    
rt  foxnews   i always felt like a wisconsin guy who came to washington to congress to make a difference   watch   danaperino s full inter…
don t forget about louisiana flood victims  see our letter to the tax bill negotiators 
attention all myrtle beach coffee drinkers  i m spending time with  starbucks employees who have received expanded…
this is the first step in pro growth pro middleclass tax reform
we owe it to bill and all of our veterans to make this transition from active-duty to civilian life more seamless and successful 
i was grateful for the opportunity   scmep  led by chuck spangler  has done a fantastic job  providing services to…
story by  eenewsupdates  at hot springs  buy a beer  fix a park ar4 arpx arnews
the 4th district s congressional art competition has begun  high school students in the district are all encouraged…
 my home is in heaven  i m just traveling through this world   -rev  billy graham may you be welcomed home with ev…
i had a great time visiting st  marks powder in crawfordville last week &learning about their team of engineers  sc…
the answer is  yes 
rt  repdonbacon  following the passage of the tax cutsand jobs act  utility companies in 48 out of 50 states  and dc  have taken action to pa…
due to weather  we ve decided to close our district offices in charleston & beaufort for the day  for constituents…
this epidemic is ravaging through our communities like a hurricane and it s time to start treating it like one  let…
definitely time for deeds not words 
today is the big day   houseagnews is marking up the farm bill  this 5 year  rigorous piece of legislation will con…
we have such talented young artists in the third district  here is a closer look at emma edmonds  winning artwork f…
rt  financialcmte  happening soon   rephuizenga chairs our hearing on legislative proposals regarding derivatives  watch live here 
 1/3  i ve said this before and i will say it again – nothing will fill the swamp quicker than the return of earmar…
billy - information is incorrect  i have never accepted nra donations as a member of congress  unsolicited checks w…
it is no april fools  christ jesus is risen  happy easter  matthew 28 6 he is not here  for he has risen  as he sa…
the federal government s greatest reasonability is to provide for the common defense  we should our troops what the…
best of luck to  teamusa  and our local hero s from  cityofocalafl   brittanybowe   erinjackson480  and  jrmantia a…
proud to speak to dedicated staff & leaders of community action teams at national community action network conferenc…
as the greatest force for human dignity in the world  the us must continue to be a leader in sharing the values of…
rt  jgreenblattadl  the taylor force act is an important piece of legislation that makes it known the us will not stand idly by while funds…
joined by local fishermen  other boaters  business  local electeds & others this am to call for  usace_ny to undert…
this would encompass an assessment of resources available to assist dod by other u s  interagency partners in their…
bureaucrats  not you  decided to close businesses they disapproved of  your representatives put an end to it 
rt  glblctznimpact  soon we will be joining an incredible world water day reception to recognize  judgetedpoe and his immense contribution…
rt  repmccaul  tune in  i will be joining  marthamaccallum on  foxnews at about 7 25pm et to discuss bordersecurity and immigration ahead…
in  tx23   over 9 000 farms and ranches employing thousands of hardworking people ensure our civilization is continu…
there s no question america wouldn t be as strong as we are without our men & women in agriculture  which is why i…
the house-passed proposal would negatively affect too many hard-working constituents and small businesses in my con…
otd in 1800  the united states congress held its first session in washington  d c 
getting to the heart of military readiness - more troops have died in aviation mishaps than in afghanistan combat o…
yesterday  i had the opportunity to meet with members of  scfirefighters association  south carolina s firefighters…
appropriations season is officially here  today we started the formal markup for two of the 12 appropriations bills…
rt  replamalfa  it s small business week  and i was happy to join mike and carrie pavis  owners of la comida restaurant in chico  to recogni…
today  and every day  we remember the brave american servicemen who lost their lives during the attack on pearl har…
proud of  tjeffersonms students and teachers--national winners in the solve for tomorrow contest for their innovatio…
rt  markweinerdc    repjohnkatko says ny utilities should use corporate tax cut to slash rates  ny24 
fun time this morning at the purdue ag alumni fish fry 
tbt to my op-ed earlier this week   democrats  hypocrisy on medicaid reform 
a new tax reform plan will allow you to keep more of your money in your pocket  find out more -&gt 
rt  usnato  congrats to  repmiketurner  chairman of 🇺🇸delegation to  natopapress    senjohnmccain &  joebiden for receiving  megovernment a…
my condolences to the lewellen and clay families on the loss of a great american  john lewellen  and my personal co…
i am proud our country has joined forces with our allies in order to protect the innocent people who are suffering…
rt  davidcicilline  just introduced the ethics act w/ repdavetrott to require members of the house to complete annual ethics training 
while the balanced budget amendment vote fell short of the 2/3 majority needed to pass  i remain committed to worki…
thank you  repmikebeard  great to see you all and a very positive discussion  mn02 
how to help disaster survivors in texas   fema has compiled a list of trusted orgs engaged in relief efforts 
a very heartwarming story from right here in missouri  i m continually grateful for the sacrifices our soldiers and…
 darkness cannot drive out darkness  only light can do that  hate cannot drive out hate  only love can do that   –…
today i attended a joint meeting with the douglas rotary and exchange clubs  it was great to see so many familiar f…
my statement on the passing of don ball 
check out what my house colleagues & i have gotten done this congress  housegop did you know
rt  ghtcoalition  our congressional champion honoree congressman  tomcoleok04 refused to allow cuts to critical globalhealth r&d programs …
i am looking forward to seeing all the fantastic artwork tomorrow at the 2018 congressional art competition awards…
i invited a minnesota job creator to appear before the  jecrepublicans last week to tell a tax reform success story…
it s world diabetes day & the house just passed  hr1192   will better coordinate gov programs that support clinical c…
happy birthday  texas  🎈on this day in 1845  the great state of texas joined the union  check out some great tex…
rt  cathymcmorris  today  on the 50th anniversary of dr  king s assassination  we are reminded that we are still on a journey for a more pe…
rt  cmchevat  catching up with our good friend  reppeteking     specialolympics thanks you for your loyalty to our movement   johnscrazysoc…
rt  reptedlieu  honored to join  fsfp  senjeffmerkley  repwalterjones as one of the lead plaintiffs in this legal challenge seeking to comp…
rt  aggie_gr  thank you  congculberson for visiting with  tamu during aggies on the hill 2018 about the value of higher education  transforma…
the congressional art competition  a nation-wide competition to recognize & encourage artistic talent  is now open…
rt  speakerryan  good news→ by a vote of 407 to 10  the house just passed the stop school violence act  which gives law enforcement  school…
borinqueneers awarded congressional gold medal
today is teacher appreciation day  to all our  nj07  teachers  thank you for your tireless hard work  dedication a…
the report points out  -taxes received fewest votes as the main business problem since 2006 -inventory investment w…
rt  cal_fire  detwiler fire [update] northeast of merced  mariposa county  is now 81 350 acres and 75% contained 
rt  wawheat23   davereichert - thank you for your continued support of the wheat industry   trade is vital to wa ag  your experience and de…
rt  riponadvance    reptommarino and  repgoodlatte applaud passage of bill to limit effects of  high impact  admin rules
rt  secretarysonny  hosted  edworkforce chair  virginiafoxx & subcmte chair  toddrokita for breakfast at  usda to talk about child nutritio…
may is military appreciation month and i express my deepest gratitude to the courageous men and women who keep our…
 merit  m e r i t monday
ever wonder what it s like to work on capitol hill  join our talented team of interns this spring  apply here —&gt …
rt  clancy_tvca  honored to testify before the  housevetaffairs today on veteran homelessness  my written testimony is here   
thank you to the dedicated volunteers & devoted members of our  nationalservice organizations in  il16  & across the…
i introduced sit-rep act  to protect veterans using gi bill from any penalties that their school may impose due to…
reminder  there is one week left in the 2017 congressional app challenge  be sure to get those entries in 
enjoyed meeting with students from west noble high school in ligonier today between votes  great to hear about thei…
merit monday  hr559 
  eastcincymom askbradwenstrup
rt  nhc_atlantic  hurricane irma advisory 47a  irma moving northward near ft  myers 
grateful to the members of the minnesota fraternal order of police for making the journey to washington this…
over the weekend  my district staff was able to attend the inaugural ohio interscholastic wheelchair basketball cha…
we visited with our friends on saturday from the telugu community at the capitol area telugu society  cats  ugadi c…
i am deeply saddened by the loss of a great american woman  barbara bush  she was strong  elegant and a champion of…
tune in now at to watch my insightful women who advance northeast ohio event 
i ll be live with  bumpcolley on  topstoryklix at 8 05 am mt  topic  taxreform  tune in  idaho
great to meet w/ col  christopher hussin  district commander of u s  army corps of engineers  tulsa district 
rt  butlercountyesc  today we honored almost 100 butler county high school seniors joining the military after graduation  we wish them all…
thank you to the 60 plus association for presenting me the  guardian of seniors  rights award   i will continue to…
want the latest on tax reform  text  tax reform  to 50589
rt  housecommerce    repgregwalden   repjoebarton   repfredupton   repshimkus asked  usgao to assist in review of  energy &gt &gt 
more good news this week due to tax reform - be sure to visit or text tax reform to 50589 t…
watch live tomorrow morning as two american astronauts venture outside the iss for a spacewalk 🚀→
i continue to be impressed by gina haspel  the nominee for  cia director  her unwavering composure during today s t…
thank you all for the birthday wishes 
you may not always hear about it on cable news but we are making progress on priorities for ohioans  didyouknow
the regime in iran cannot be trusted  and today s withdrawal gives the united states and our allies a chance to for…
the news coming out of parkland  florida  is heartbreaking  i am praying for the victims of this tragedy and the fa…
rt  freedom4allusa  important victory in new hampshire should demonstrate that l g b t q-inclusive nondiscrimination is not a partisan issue …
today at noon  gvinebaseball plays in the  5atxhsbaseball championship  let s go mustangs 
  repscottpeters is exactly right  we really do work together so well  especially on the issues important here at h…
next thursday  the committee will hold a hearing to review  deptvetaffairs budget request for fiscal year 2019  det…
rt  sues711  congressman  repkinzinger fights for illinois farmers  il16  via  bcrnews
rt  repmikerogersal  alright   repbyrne  we accepted your lemonfacechallenge to help show support for aubreigh in mobile  who is battling…
we must close the digital divide  and ensure all tennesseans have access to quality internet  i am so grateful for…
did you know nebraska is the 1 cattle feeding state in the nation  happy national ag day 
rt  wmaldc  listen now as congressman  robwittman joins the  larryoconnor show to discuss the national defense authorization act   ndaa  … 
as a doctor in rural louisiana  i have seen how  chip  helps poor children  but democrats are playing political game…
today i joined the anti-hunger coalition to discuss supplemental nutrition assistance  many count on these importan…
my thoughts are with the victims  families  and communities affected by this horrific and senseless tragedy in las vegas 
rt  speakerryan  serving as speaker has been one of my life s great honors  i m proud of all we ve done & am ready for new prioritie…
just now working my way through the 643 page just released  agriculture & nutrition act of 2018   sorting out what…
i am on my way back to tennessee and was not on the train  praying for all involved 
 templetont123 no  i d put that in the category of  urban legend   he just can t do it  the swamp won in this bill 
celebrating the positive impacts of the tax cuts and jobs act with  jobcreatorsusa this morning during…
as of this weekend  the anasazi heritage center will now be called the canyons of the ancients visitor center and m…
rt  repbrianbabin  the s c o t u scare act requires supreme court justices to join obamacare - ensuring they feel impact of decision
rt  housebudgetgop  just in  chairman  rep_stevewomack s statement on  potus  rescissions request 
another wonderful fish fry at the american legion in lucas county  the post members work extremely hard  thank you…
at apple cup2017 to cheer on  wsucougars with  wsu_cougar_pres  go cougs  wa04 
enjoyed my meeting with these iowans 
rt  ambjohnbolton  looking forward to testifying before chair  repdesantis &  gopoversight tomorrow at 10am et on the us embassy in israel 
charlene is a  momsdemand &  everytown advocate  randy is a member of the  nra  i represent both in congress  i was…
hate and bigotry have no place in our society--racism is unacceptable  i m praying for those caught in the violence  charlottesville v a
today  the house voted to pass legislation that fully funds the department of defense for fy18  the remainder of th…
tax reform bonanza  smallbusinesses use savings to invest  hire via  usatoday small business week
icymi  last week the house moved one step closer to fixing our broken tax code & voted to protect your  2a  rights …
icymi in  wsj 👉  the good news is that the save local businesses act would provide a legislative fix by pre-empting…
rt  pgpfoundation    reptomreed on the national debt   it s going to take bipartisan solutions to address the root cause of this issue    f… 
pls join me for mobile office hrs tomorrow  from 11am-2pm    westhampton beach fire dept  if you have any questions…
oakland mayor  libby schaaf  is ready to go to jail  where she belongs to protect criminal aliens & oakland s  lega…
i was honored to address the  faamanagers  37th annual convention on oct 30 & receive their award  no privatized a t c…
rt  nasahubble  28 years ago today  hubble was launched into space forever changing our view of the universe  hubble is still doing amazing…
rt  nws  the risk for tornadoes is greatest today across east-central portions of the fl peninsula  irma
congrats to neil gorsuch on his confirmation  his exemplary record & strict adherence to the constitution will make…
lots to review in president s infrastructure proposal  but i am encouraged by the expansion of private activity bon…
ugh    bracket officially in the trash  march maddness march sadness
thanks to  acuconservative for awarding me the conservative excellence award for another year  i m honored to repre…
good luck to judge terry doughty as he begins confirmation process  he s exceptionally qualified and will make a gr…
well done  ramblers   loyolachicago  loyolaramblers  ramblersmbb
as a cpa  i understand the importance of making sure you have the right amount of tax withheld from your paycheck t…
i am so sorry to hear this news--louise slaughter was a wonderful colleague and will be deeply missed  prayers for…
i was glad to see today s executive order to help veterans transition back into civilian life  this is an issue i…
great visit from randy groff  an  oh15  veteran who travels to dc and volunteers to clean the vietnam memorial  than…
be confident & tell your story 
the opioid abuse statistics are staggering  but as i travel across  nc08   i see the faces and hear the stories that…
 breapd thank you to the brave men & women of the brea pd who who have answered the call of duty to serve our commu…
thank you to all who participated in tonight s telephone town hall meeting  i always enjoy the chance to hear your…
it s shameful that the other side of the aisle is using our men and women in uniform as political bargaining chips …
thank you for talking about human trafficking at tomorrow morning s bipartisan meeting 
rt  edworkforce  it s apprenticeship week2017 and  virginiafoxx knows a baccalaureate degree isn t the only way to achieve success   too ma…
rt  housegop  thanks to the tax cutsand jobs act → a single parent with 1 child will save  1 304 50  this will help everyday americans dream…
watch live news conference on rattlesnake ridge here 
announcing the 2016 congressional art competition for oklahoma s third district  info here 
last night s decisive action in syria delivered a clear message to assad - his barbaric brutality against innocent…
i appreciate hearing from many constituents who have written & called my offices on this issue  they reflect the cl…
  repmarkmeadows  as some of you may have seen in the news  the safety of the brightline train raises grave safety concerns 
what a lady  mrs  barbara bush s commitment and service to god  her husband  family  and country will continue to i…
congrats to angel mcmullen-gunn of york  nebraska for receiving a s t e p ahead award from  themfginstitute for her wo…
it was great to see dee and frank spera from stuart again  their grandson suffers from cystic fibrosis and they ve…
i just voted  no  on h r  1  the country needs a pro-growth re-write of the tax code but this bill will hurt new j…
national park week continues  today s site is in sebastian county  the fort smith national historic site tells the s…
millions of dollars are owed by the va to our maine hospitals  today  i organized a meeting between hospital leader…
i am relieved that the attempted terrorist attack today in new york city failed and commend the law enforcement on…
this new jobs report is further proof of how this administration s tax reform is delivering for hardworking hoosier…
we need to protect our nation  period  thank you   realdonaldtrump  for stepping up for the american people 
rural broadband expansion and building a new soo lock are two of our district s most critical infrastructure needs   sotu 
while the us nuclear arsenal atrophies  russia is fielding next-generation intercontinental ballistic missiles  icbms   opp4 all  heritage
congratulations   govsambrownback  i wish you  mary  and the entire family well as you continue to serve our great…
rt  housecommerce  the sub health legislative hearing entitled  combating the opioid crisis  improving the ability of medicare and medicaid…
icymi  north country dairy farmers are facing a crisis  i wrote on  medium about the work we ve done in congress to…
did you know that small businesses create 2 out of every 3 net new jobs in the private sector  more than half our w…
important to coast guard families i represent in cape may county & right thing to do 
today  i had the honor of speaking at the  uscis naturalization ceremony  145 individuals from 37 countries took th…
 as large gateways for two-way trade  the port of seattle and the northwest seaport alliance are deeply invested in…
i had a great visit at luby equipment services in quincy to hear about the positive impacts that tax reform is havi…
today s third district thursday is of the randolph county courthouse   al03  randolph co alabama
 replobiondo concerned about funding the faa  support senate bill and get it done 1 oct  no games fund f a a1 yr no privatized f a a
wonderful seeing so many friends at the so fla hispanic chamber of commerce event like  lopezcantera…
hardworking families looking to buy a home shouldn t be denied a qualified mortgage because of a flawed  points and…
today   republicanstudy - an influential group of more than 150 house republicans – endorsed the securing america s…
are you signed up for my weekly enewsletter  it s a great way to stay in-the-know about my work on behalf of  ny21 … 
today   10am - drop off your old or unwanted prescription drugs for safe disposal at locations around  va06   this i…
it was an honor to hear president  emmanuelmacron address congress this morning  read my full statement here ⬇️
rt  househomeland  this week  chairman  repmccaul presented  dhsbluecampaign executive director mick mckeown with the red line of the  dhsg…
soon  tune in to see  repkevinbrady on  americanewsroom with  foxnews   billhemmer to discuss the lasting benefits tax reform 
chairman  mactxpress going to bat for his 4th estate reforms - our natural reaction when things go wrong is to crea…
isis has been working to target christians and ethnic minorities in the middle east in an effort to wipe them   
the bill passed today includes the wildfire disaster funding act to give the forest service the budgetary certainty…
this agreement funds 14 navy ships  including  ✔️one carrier replacement  ✔️3 littoral combat ships  ✔️2 guided mi…
 those who wanted gateway funding completely eliminated lost the argument   said rep  leonard lance   the federal g…
the progress we have made over the past year is incredible  president trump  working with me and my house republi…
the end of an outdated  32-year-old  complicated tax code is finally here  thanks to the tax cuts and jobs act  the l…
  potus is exactly right  thank you  cajun navy  ashlee leppert and all of our brave first responders  volunteers  and neighbors   sotu 
i ll be speaking on the house floor around 5 15 pm et  2 15 pm pt  on my pershing county public lands bill  h r  11…
rt  frcaction  thank you  repdianeblack for displaying unwavering commitment and consistent support of faith  family  and freedom  true blu…
rt  drphilroe  over the last year  we ve made great strides toward reforming va  but there is still much hard work ahead  read more in this…
rt  cookinmattersco  an estimated 91 560 coloradans in district 6 experience hunger  the good news   repmikecoffman met with our state dire…
losing a home to flooding is terrible and economically distressing  but continuing to have to pay insurance premium…
in a few minutes  i m speaking with  cnn  newday  tune in now 
rt  pcgnews  southwest council of agribusiness board with  secretarysonny and  conawaytx11 after our meeting today 
 cate_long  katieschoettler it looks like they re running a few minutes behind  the fb live will appear on gonzalez s fb momentarily 
rep  sensenbrenner  long before he was considered by the united states senate as a judicial nominee  michael brenna…
 because by your holy cross  you have redeemed the world  good friday
consumers should have the tools they need to protect their data  at the  housecommerce hearing  i asked mark zucker…
my wasteful wednesday initiative has officially launched  i am  and each member should be  serious about cutting e…
rt  westerngrowers  urging the need for a comprehensive immigrationreform that protects future & current farmworkers in the house this am…
glad students from sauk rapids-rice high school made a stop to my office during their d c  trip  enjoyed our conver…
last chance  voting for the people s choice award ends today  make sure to vote for your favorite art piece 
our second vets info workshop in mcalester takes place tomorrow  may 3rd at 5pm  be sure to stop by if you re a vete…
congressional harassment and discrimination complaint and investigation processes were unacceptable  they were abus…
proud of the 2018 farm bill we re announcing today  in the nutrition title  we re helping our neighbors in need and…
 mcdonald s  citing the new u s  tax law and the tightening job market  is expanding its 3-year-old education benef…
congratulations to  blueorigin for ushering in a new era of space flight  reducing costs  increasing access  changing the world  thank you 
rt  housejudiciary   repgoodlatte ✅  breaking    housejudiciary approves  tomrooney s  hr506   the preventing crimes against veterans act  to…
rt  speakerryan  get to know the house members from  waysandmeansgop   natresources  and  housecommerce on the conference committee negotia…
you can see my questions for  facebook ceo mark zuckerberg here —&gt 
stay safe and off the road in areas impacted by today s snow storm  important updates on road closures and winter s…
headed to a  houseappropsgop markup of the fy2017 state & foreign ops bill  tune in live   1030 am et  730 am pt  
rt  gopleader  nancy was against it before she was for it ⬇️ schumer shutdown
maude and i are keeping  flotus melania trump in our prayers  we are praying for a speedy recovery 
rt  gopoversight    jim_jordan  we have before us the acting commissioner of the irs  its inspector general  and the national taxpayer advo…
horrific images and emerging reports of another chemical weapon attack in douma syria  if confirmed  the coward…
rt  marshablackburn  thank you  congbillposey for cosponsoring h r  5160  glad to see the language being considered in today s daca bill 
rt  caboni  on capitol hill meeting with members of the ky delegation today -- thanks to  repguthrie and  kycomer for your continuing suppo…
rt  soccermouaz  on august 21  2013 assad used chemical weapons to kill 1429 civilians  426 of them children  president obama s only respon…
feedback period for proposed yosemite fee increase ends nov  20  submit at yose_planning nps gov  my thoughts   ca04 
more good news due to tax reform 
rt  stevescalise  the small business optimism index just hit a 35-year high 
tune in now to watch  cathymcmorris   repmialove   repmartharoby & i discuss how conservative solutions are empower…
this funding agreement is the most important thing we can do to ensure that our armed forces will be resourced at t…
it was wonderful to meet w/ lisa hancock & the  gdsfoundation before today s  houseappropsgop labor  hhs hearing on…
you may have seen the news that the train carrying members of congress to annual gop retreat was involved in a coll…
rt  presssec  nothing could better underscore the importance of getting america s top diplomat in place for such a time as this  dems have…
watch live  the house armed services committee is holding a full committee hearing on cyber operations and their ro…
thank you to the folks at classical conversations for the dialogue about my role as a congressman and how my work o…
 msjenneale_pd this only fourth time ur same gang occupied my office disrupting my staff from servicing both illegal & arrogant
what must be done to end the opioidepidemic  robert patterson joins us tomorrow to  endtheopioidepidemic    deahq
oakland s mayor did a favor to individuals who have criminal  convictions for assault/battery  crimes against child…
earlier this week  i introduced the energy diplomacy act w/  repeliotengel because we in congress must ensure the…
great to see guatemala follow america s lead and move its embassy to jerusalem 
tonight at 7 15 p m  et  we will be hosting our third  va05  telephone town hall meeting of 2018  for dial-in inform…
the iran nuclear deal enabled the foremost state sponsor of terrorism to gain access to billions of dollars & paved…
rt  natresources  🚨 breaking  → house passes  cathymcmorris  bill that will save taxpayers  16 million and protect fish by preventing a pote…
rt  aclinews  36th cap challenge fastest lawmaker  repgallagher & team  run wis town  are back again  5 min  until race starts - still time…
just voted to send the tax cuts & job act to the president s desk  i m very proud of the work done by the house and…
 the budget continues to focus the department s energy and science programs on early-stage research and development…
merry christmas  may the spirit of christmas fill your home with peace  joy and love 
thank you montine mcnulty for stopping by my dc office  it s always good to hear about the happenings in…
the men and women living with down syndrome contribute amazing things to our lives  communities  and workplaces  th…
we owe our military a debt we cannot repay  this is a great bill to give military families more choice in education 
rt  waysandmeansgop  breaking  107 house republicans sent a letter to potus reinforcing the need to take action against unfair trading part…
honored to join the committee and excited to hit the ground running 
how are you going to use your tax savings   my husband and i are starting a small side business  the tax savings w…
during women s history month  we celebrate the women making history in today s workforce  women make up 47% of the…
 hr3071  will require each executive agency to examine its equipment acquisition practices to save taxpayer dollars 
great news  my legislation to strike down a terrible federal bureaucratic decision & preserve affordable auto lendi…
thank you to dunkirk specialty steel for allowing us to tour your plant and discuss taxreform and trade  it s tru…
an independent national security commission on artificial intelligence  ai  is critical to ensuring that the united…
we must show strength when faced with emboldened bad actors that would bring harm to our nation & that of our allies
let s add the 2018 farm bill to this list of accomplishments by passing the bill in the house next week 
rt  housevetaffairs  new time  this afternoon s subcommittee on health legislative hearing will now begin at 3 30  you can stream it here …
i just met carlos  ivan and uriel from clays mill road baptist church working door to door for their mission trip t…
rt  teamcavuto  make sure to tune-in to  cavuto live  tomorrow at 10am et  you won t want to miss  repgoodlatte on his call for ag sessions…
today i m joined by colleagues requesting answers surrounding the army s treatment of one of its chaplains …
inspector general investigates huge bonuses handed out to & by mccabe & other anti-trump fbi co-conspirators  follo…
 this world-leading exascale program will bolster our national security by supporting the nuclear stockpile  while…
 s_pinkertonjr the president can t be held accountable with any congressional resolution  appropriation  or law  un…
the tax cuts and jobs act seizes the opportunity to create a more competitive tax code for small biz in north texas…
rt  westerncaucus  members of congress giving remarks this morning include  repandybiggsaz    repgosar   replamalfa    reprobbishop and  re…
rt  vp  deeply saddened to learn of the loss of thunderbirds pilot maj  stephen del bagno  i had the honor to meet maj  del bagno when i vi…
rt  markjgrisdale   tompkinshoops at morning shoot around on championship saturday  it s going to be a great day to be a falcon   katyisdat…
the people s house is just hours away from voting to give the american people a historic christmas present  more mo…
attacks against my record on public lands rated false by  ballotpedia - read more  mtpol
icymi  talked to  foxbusiness yesterday re  my decision to vote against the big spending bill in congress  video …
 championed by both republicans and democrats on the house ways and means committee…we are moving forward a package…
mike pompeo is an outstanding choice for secretary of state  experienced  dedicated and a true patriot  good luck mike  
rt  ustravel  the aging infrastructure of america s national parks have caused a backlog of maintenance repairs estimated at  11 6 billion …
my voice and my vote reflects what my constituents need and feel – more money in their paychecks  a healthier econo…
rt  jackkorpela  representative  repryancostello holding a town hall at harrisburg area community college in lebanon  pa  talking health ca…
i m pleased to add my name to this resolution  climate utpol
rt  repkevinbrady  day 43   81 billion in critical disaster aid being held hostage by democrats in the senate 
we need a tougher approach and i commend  potus for leading this effort  iran can never have a nuclear weapon and m…
rt  fxnopinion    mactxpress house armed serviced committee chairman  here s how to we will make america s military great again
as the representative for the  utaustin  i had the opportunity to honor the  texasmsd on the house floor for winnin…
rt  justinamash  constitutional limits matter only to the extent that they require you to vote against an outcome you favor—or for an outco…
rt  repjasonlewis  great to be recognized for the work i m doing on juvenile justice reform with my colleague rep  bobby scott  d-va  in th…
rt  whitehouse   in america  we know that faith and family  not government and bureaucracy  are the center of american life  our motto is  …
rt  greggharper  today i introducethe patient fairness and relief act which will allow americans to keep their own health care plan 
tune in live to the  houseappropsgop interior budget hearing  i ll be questioning interior secretary  sally jewell 
rt  pres_rogers  from one alumnus to another  thanks for supporting  bgsu   boblatta  falcon proud
led by  ase_dalmations   fortbendisd is one of america s best employers for 2018  86 in us   forbes 
as  potus said in his  sotu   and as  vp has long advocated  no one should have to look beyond the u s  and our worl…
the committee has recessed until the end of this vote series 
that vote - along with the unfortunate outcome today - highlights dc s lack of willpower and courage to focus on fu…
recognition for my work on my bill to stop payments to those accused of sexual harassment on capitol hill  utpol…
tune in  i m speaking now in the  financialcmte hearing w/  cfpbdirector mulvaney  it is vital that we revitalize f…
rt  heritage  live   paulwinfree introduces  repkevinbrady - he joins us this morning to talk about the most sweeping update to the u s  ta…
i ll be live with  marccox971 on  971fmtalk in a few minutes to discuss news of the day  be sure to tune in ---&gt 
  heg9e thanks for your question ask buddy
enjoyed a tour of the red river valley agriculture research center and an update on the innovative research they ar…
three local borinqueneers to be recognized for military service
human trafficking is modern-day slavery  and we are taking action to crack down on those who help make it possible …
rt  newday  rsc chairman rep  mark walker on upcoming infrastructure fight  republicans can t criticize obama administration for overspendi…
good meeting this week with john fitzgerald from saunders yachtworks   saundersyacht  about the great work they are…
i visited hawthorn woods to participate in a round table discussion on parks and recreation  thank you to all those…
i stand with the people of iran who are peacefully protesting the corrupt and brutal mullahs  iranprotests
i plan to nominate  realdonaldtrump for the nobel peace prize  we are seeing unprecedented progress toward peace  a…
one of my favorite museums is free to visitors this sunday -
the az supreme court decided college-enrolled daca recipients aren t eligible to receive the same tuition benefits…
rt  repmaloney  women have shaped this country from its founding  we need a national museum dedicated to h e rstory so that we preserve and…
rt  drphilroe  today i had the honor of being awarded the  moph_hq outstanding leadership award  the military order of the purple heart is…
dick enberg was an incredible broadcaster and a proud alum of  cmuniversity  take a moment to read about his strong…
rt  gopleader  congratulations to  greggharper on being appointed chair of  houseadmngop -- vital work ahead to modernize our legislative i…
i was honored to receive the national association of manufacturers  award for manufacturing legislative excellence…
pleased to see  houseappropsgop advance a milcon va bill today that includes funding for the reno va hospital  nv02 
rt  uschamber  today  the w&m committee is discussing how america s businesses are putting tax cuts to work  share your business  tax refor…
rt  housecommerce  full cmte convenes first of two markups on legislation aimed at combating the opioid crisis along with consideration of…
victims of scam artist bernie madoff get zero from victims fund  time to take action  sayfie
tax reform stories from  in09  → hoosier families and businesses across indiana s ninth congressional district have…
 sameolddeal that cap applies to gross state income taxes  i m a u s  rep  but support the efforts of my friend…
rt  housegop  wishing everyone a happy passover  may it be full of happiness  peace  and prosperity 
stuffing more than  1 3 trillion in spending and a number of unrelated policy issues into a single  mammoth bill an…
rt  cityofelkcity  congressman frank lucas will be at city hall in elk city on friday  january 29th  2016 at 11 00 a m  for a town   
rt  housegop  cutting your taxes isn t the only thing we ve done  check out even more on
rt  jecrepublicans  we are live  watch our livestream at the link below 
 president_boren has contributed to  uofoklahoma  our state & nation in many ways  best wishes on his retirement 
our prayers are with those impacted by the destructive wildfires throughout nw oklahoma  please stay vigilant and t…
are you a  va06  high school student interested in having your art displayed in the u s  capitol  my office is accep…
tonight s the night in san antonio  🏀 who d you pick to win the  marchmadness national championship 
at 7 50 i ll be on  wbalradio to give more details on tax reform  listen live here 
in honor of  lonniewalker_4 declaring for the  nbadraft  here s a look back at my floor speech congratulating him a…
rt  natresources  today   natresources passed the  national strategic and critical minerals production act  to improve & streamline the fed…
we have a lot of housing challenges in sd that can hold up economic development  grateful for the work of mark and…
once a secret lab   infoagemuseum in wall is now a 37 acre national historic landmark inspiring future visionaries international museum day
congrats to 2 outstanding young idahoans  ivy harness  12  of nampa and anne nygard  17  of boise  they were rece…
honored to escort nebraska s veterans on a tour of the  uscapitol  glad  senatorfischer and i could be part of thi…
this week is teacher appreciation week  so i want to take a moment to recognize all of the hardworking educators in…
high school students in the 3rd district have until thursday to submit an original piece of artwork for the congres…
last-minute regulations rushed in without proper oversight can cause serious damage to our economy and businesses …
mr  president  you don t need more war authority  you have what you need  use it   sotu 
79% want secure borders rather than open borders  the securing america s future act strengthens our borders & makes america safer 
chip and i are saddened to learn of the passing of the legendary grand master jhoon rhee  the  father of american t…
my thoughts are with the victims and everyone affected by these senseless acts of violence in brussels 
rt  joethomaswchv   podcast - joe introduces us to the swamp a new documentary shining the light on the dysfunction in us house of represe…
 the program  which has been in existence for three years  was created as an avenue to specifically open up career…
rt  repclayhiggins  businesses in  la03  are issuing bonuses  pay raises  and new investments in their employees as a direct result of histo…
even as the economy has experienced recent improvements  too many middle-income families are having difficulty maki…
rt  realdonaldtrump  on behalf of the american people  welcome home 
high school students interested in participating in this year s congressional art competition are encouraged to sub…
rt  housegop  children should feel safe at school  this legislation is a critical first step in ensuring that… s t o p school violence act 
here s wishing good luck to  teamusa as they compete in the 2018 winterolympics  bring home the gold 
appreciate my friend and new  federalreserve chairman  jay powell  speaking with us today at the  financialcmte abo…
rt  wyrz989   repjimbanks introduces amendment to repeal wotus rule in farm bill -
the iran deal was a bad deal  i thank  potus for his decision to withdrawal the u s  from jcpoa and re-impose sanct…
tune in  live   10 40 edt chairman  mactxpress joins  mariabartiromo  foxnews to talk syria path forward
 workforcega here s a graphic we shared last week with some more details
how can  collinsworthpff not see that the receiver had enough control of the ball to catch it  take two steps  dive…
i ll be live with  billhemmer on  americanewsroom  foxnews at 9 10am  tune in 
 icymi  ➡️ chairwoman  virginiafoxx joined  potus today as he signed the allow states and victims to fight online se…
secretary of the army dr  esper & chief of staff of the army general milley visited defense approps to review the a…
this bill fixes the major flaw that has prevented the president s current rescission authority from serving as a va…
tax reform is helping businesses across ga invest in their workers and local communities  check out the article for…
rt  speakerryan    potus said it right—the state of our union is strong  he laid out a clear agenda tonight with an open hand toward bipart…
live on  varneyco shortly   foxbusiness
rt  justinamash  today   repzoelofgren  repbarbaralee  repthomasmassie and i sent a bipartisan letter to  potus—cosigned by 84 of our colle…
the iran deal continues to be a disaster  president obama believed that iran could be trusted to surrender their nu…
what s new in the music copyright world  check out my op ed on the music modernization act →
in honor of veterans day i joined  specnewscny to host take a vet to school day  syracuseschools grant middle to co…
tune in to watch health subcommittee chairman  repbradwenstrup discuss economic opportunity for veterans 
happy veterans day  honored to be here to thank those who have served their country at the hillsboro vfw post 9094 …
no taxpayer would get away treating an  irs  audit in the same way irs officials have treated the congressional investigation 
my thoughts and prayers are with the injured victims and their families today 
rt  gopleader  you deserve the truth  here is why the fisa memo matters ↓
i believe this to be a poor use of american s hard-earned money that could be put to much better use right here at…
energy demands in the u s  continue to grow and will need an  all of the above  energy approach to meet our needs …
as you all know  march is women s history month  where we get to honor and celebrate trailblazers and women who are…
from now until 12/7  you can drop off new and unwrapped toys for the toys-for-tots foundation at any of my ohio off…
fairly calm day on the columbia river at arlington 
our interview welcoming  stevescalise back to congress is coming up on  foxnews shortly
read this week s long s short report about protecting farmers from unnecessary regulations  agriculture
many  miamilakesnews residents have reached out for an update on this important issue  watch this video to get the…
rt  travismiller   repadriansmith thank you for honoring  bayardtigers student arielle buck today as the winner of the congressional art co…
  usda announced it will implement up to  2 36b in disaster relief for farmers   growers impacted by the 2017 hurri…
it is unacceptable that a christian publisher is being blocked from promoting things like vacation bible school sum…
from iran and north korea chasing nuclear weapons to china s build up in the south china sea  we are facing threats…
 breaking   the tax cuts and jobs act has now cleared both chambers of congress  next stop for historic taxreform …
by modernizing the regulations governing disaster relief and reforming the stafford act  recovery builders can focu…
today i sat down with miami valley childhood development center to discuss their plans for growth in  oh10  
icymi  my full interview on  kusi_gmsd here 
these are the real american businesses that will be able to flourish and create new jobs for americans under the ta…
six local students have been named finalists in the 2018 congressional art competition  more info via  bladenonline 
 today s hearing is very timely as china s leaders have solidified their power and  in turn  the ability to fulfill…
huge thank you to the  acatoday for inviting me to speak at their national conference today  i enjoyed sharing my t…
increasing staffing and improving infrastructure at our ports of entry will make travel safer and easier  read more…
rt  wallingphoto  thank you  warrendavidson for q&a  centervillenoonoptimistclub centerville dayton cincinnati ohio
lower shore residents - join me this friday at 6 30 for a town hall meeting at stephen decatur middle school 
rt  usenergyassn  getting ready for the u s e a annual meeting2017 honoring congressman  repjoebarton with our annual energy award 
don t forget to sign up if you d like to join tomorrow s teletown hall with  tgowdysc and i 
rt  seaairspace  to protect our national interests and keep our soldiers and sailors safe  we must be continually preparing for the next po…
sharing the stage with  repjasonlewis  reperikpaulsen and  mypillowusa ceo  realmikelindell at  tax cuts to put ame…
looking forward to joining  koanewsradio at 7 50am mt  📻
zell miller was a leader who never blinked in the face of a challenge or let politics eclipse his principles  i ll…
my office will host mobile office hours in inyo county on friday at two locations  click here for more--&gt   ca08 
it s a beautiful morning in dallas at gooch elementary with principal ashmore and and dr  firn from  robokind 
naloxone is an important tool for first responders to prevent opioid related overdose deaths  next week …
senate dems need to stop playing partisan politics   pass the cr and fund chip 
encounters between police and suspects have led to violent incidents   we re not here to pass judgment on those incidents  l e taskforce
for texas independence day i spoke to some of our great veterans in  tx10  at the brenham american legion  these brav…
appreciated meeting w/ the nd alzheimer s association today in mandan  with more than 5 million americans living wi…
great job to sophia thompson of charlevoix on making it to the 3rd round at the  scrippsbee in washington d c 
breaking  legislation i introduced to help  habitat_org will come to the house floor for a vote this week 
congrats to the  druryuniversity lady panthers for advancing in the  ncaa-ii  tourney  basketball
 as long as we are proud of who we are  and what we are fighting for  there is nothing we cannot achieve   -  realdonaldtrump  sotu 
  mrsb1stgraders thanks for your question  ask buddy
rt  justice4vets  thank you  repchrissmith for supporting funding for life-saving drug courts & veterans treatment courts 
rt  keithrothfus  just passed  my bill  the s e n s e act  will continue the cleanup of waste coal piles  protecting the environment  saving jo…
broadband access is so important to the success of rural  ia01  - our meeting/tour was an opportunity to chat about…
rt  repmullin  in  tulsaworld this weekend  we need to take a business approach when selecting house leaders 
rt  tgowdysc  people have the right to assume the people who are investigating them at the fbi are objective and have not already made up t…
the president s budget request is critical to reclaiming congressional authority over an unaccountable  unconstitut…
the great american comeback continues  ✅ unemployment below 4%📉 ✅ lowest jobless rate since 2000📉 ✅ fastest wage g…
and calling for an end to the violence in and an immediate restoration of humanitarian access to the state of rakhi…
last year i wrote a column about why the email privacy act is so important to safeguarding our constitutional rights…
for small business week  i m honored to have participated in legislation that helps support small businesses  i was…
rt  wbap247news  do you like what president trump is doing with the border wall in california   replouiegohmert sure does 
by working with groups like the peace ranch  we can really improve the care of veterans in our area   peaceranchtc
i was also pleased to support the bipartisan fix nics act which passed the house today  following the horrific acts…
i want to hear from you  please consider filling out our 2018 issues survey below  knowing your thoughts  prioritie…
america is the greatest country on earth because of the service & sacrifice of our brave men and women in uniform …
the polling shows that the american people overwhelmingly felt the same way about the president s speech as i did …
praying for the loved ones of billy graham this morning  our nation and the world were blessed by his life and mini…
families shouldn t have to live paycheck to paycheck because true economic recovery never arrived  a decade is too…
rt  hascrepublicans  chairmen  mactxpress &  senjohnmccain kick off  fy18ndaa  conference - passing the gavel & starting member discussion o…
lifting in prayer  stevescalise & all who were targeted this morning   baseball practice  praying for strength & healing  god bless you 
great turnout in ennis  texas tonight for my 3rd town hall meeting this week  thanks to everyone that has taken the…
rt  houseappropsgop  watch live at 2 pm  labor-hhs-education subcommittee hearing - pipeline to the workforce 
recognizing small biz week at the snack shack on santa fe in downtown op 
rt  hascrepublicans  chairman  mactxpress &  repadamsmith statement on fda support for the military  fy18ndaa 
jobless claims have hit their lowest level since 1969 – when neil armstrong became the first man to walk on the moo…
rt  speakerryan  ✅ lowest unemployment level since 2000 ✅ jobless claims near a 48-year low ✅ small biz optimism at record highs ✅ business…
my staffer sent me this photo of snow on the san gorgonio mtns  you don t see shots like this in dc- thats for sure 
great meeting with  girlscouts ceo sylvia acevedo today  thank you for all that you do 
 cahsr  is a national disgrace  with no federal money and no current private sector investment  this project is now…
this morning   hpsci  is considering sec  702 reauthorization  these are v  important protections for the american p…
rt  militaryofficer  ohio council president  dick calta meets with shane hand  legislative asst  for  repjimrenacci  oh-16  m o a a storms htt…
important for south jersey to be heard  submitted my comments  strongly encourage you to do so as well  we should o…
tune in  i will be on  americanewsroom live from austin  tx to talk with bill hemmer about the austin bombings
 themidmerican yes 
rt  leoshane  at hasc personnel hearing this morning   repmikecoffman asks about concerns of lowering of standards to meet military recruit…
arkansas families can breathe a little easier tonight because my bill that passed the house eases one part of the c…
starting now  chairman  rephalrogers chairs a hearing on the fy19 budget for  usaid 
our country is a beacon of hope & opportunity for all  we must condemn the hate and bigotry that is fueling the violence in charlottesville 
a picture is worth 1 000 words  but this meme = 2 232 pages  sassywithmassie
coming up on  foxnews  our son ryan  who turned 8 this weekend  tagged along to the studio 
happy national ag day to wi05 farmers 
looking for a safe way to dispose of unused and unwanted prescriptions  locations across the country will be partic…
i m excited to kick off the 2018 congressional art competition for  ga08  high school students  the 1st place artwor…
i look forward to supporting  repbillshuster in his vision to rebuild american infrastructure and wish him the best…
proud to support this company and their 150  employees in their effort to get sugar reform included in the upcoming…
thanks for meeting with my office today about these important topics 
another fumble by the national football league  which refused to allow a veterans group to run a  please stand  a…
hhs released over  9 7 million to in opioid state targeted response grants yesterday -- grants which were created b…
a time of crisis for our national forests   natresources federal lands subcmte hearing
input from members of congress plays an important role in the budget process  learn more about the committee s upco…
rt  ftgtigerstv  ftg tigervision s tristan spending time talking politics  family  & future with  repmullin for a tigervision story segment…
 part of congress  recent abdication is letting the executive branch make all the tough decisions   we should have…
it s appalling democrats are willing to shut down government over illegal daca program in face of security threats …
rt  foxnews    jim_jordan rips mccabe s  scheming    that s what troubles all of america 
icymi  i led a north country business delegation to ottawa on monday to discuss the shared economic priorities betw…
appreciate  flotus s attention to this public health crisis and its impact on ohio children 
rep  sensenbrenner is holding his 100th townhall meeting of 2017 this am 
rt  cate_long  house  natresources chair says it s important rebuild puerto rico & create economic recovery  energy cost is key to revitali…
house passes disaster relief funding package  including emergency funds for texas texas strong
live at 10am  we hear from  govherbert   gov_martinez  and  butchotter on the impacts of treating states as stakeh…
rt  waysandmeansgop  tomorrow is the last day you will have to file taxes using a broken  outdated taxcode  check out five ways the new ta…
washington has tried the bureaucratic way  and it is failing  it s time to try a better way  via  housegop
now more than ever we must prioritize federal funding to combat the opioid epidemic that has swept across pennsylva…
enjoyed meeting with  npcloseup students from north platte high school and answering their great questions …
rt  gomounts  impressive coding skills  mountaineers  thrilled to have  googlecsfirst roadshow at  eimsmounts with special guest  repsmuck…
had a great time participating in a q&a discussion with miller place high school s 12th grade participation in gove…
 ca08  looks beautiful 
congress cannot live under special rules  bipartisan congressional accountability and hush fund elimination act wil…
rt  mariodb  i m proud to sign onto the discharge petition with several of my gop colleagues to allow votes on a series of immigration bil…
rt  repbradashford  s/o to rep  sinema and  congressmandan for hosting this special event to raise awareness for vets suicide 
i was pleased to take part in this afternoon s ribbon cutting & open house for  stratagsol s new integrated technol…
just heard chelsea manning named harvard fellow  way to go harvard  please consider my 5 yr old grandson for next opening  equally qualified
great to be in summit township today for another coffee hour with constituents  thanks to everyone who joined us 
i am adamantly pro life   i also believe women should have options before they have to make a difficult choice-betw…
rt  williamottens   replynnjenkins the lawrence public library is in the final four of a national competition for best public library  and…
rt  choguetx  great discussion  naleo census advocacy day texas delegation meeting w/  congculberson to discuss the importance of adequate…
on fixing dodd-frank   the house shouldn t be a potted plant   - wsj  we agree  read 
supporting hot cars act of 2017 requiring cars have tech alerting drivers that child is in car  800 kids have died…
🚨breaking  chairman gowdy and ranking member cummings issue statement on new ig report regarding abuses by senior…
the deadline to submit a piece of art for the congressional art competition is 5pm on wednesday  april 11th  the wi…
job openings hit a record high of 6 6 million in march  the farm bill2018 gives persons 18 to 59 without disabili…
rt  hughhewitt  today s program   kellyannepolls  mikeallen  joeperticone  repryanzinke  hotlinejosh listen online
insightful words from these latin american leaders to summit peru participants  democracies in our hemisphere will…
from nationwide s  1000 bonus to employees to apple s planned  30 billion investment  we re already seeing that…
it was a privilege to have the 8th grade class from station camp middle school in the  uscapitol all the way from…
my amendment simply requires the dod to use the most cost-efficient fuel sources   ndaa 
 the current permitting system is a total disaster  adding tremendous costs and years of endless delay to infrastru…
senator mccain is a hero and patriot  praying for him and his family 
head over to  talk1073 for a weekly update from dc 
 we obtained prof  accred  through  calea_org which ensured my agency is accountable & supported by the public  sheriff cappa l e task force
i ll be joining  wdak at 8 36  be sure to tune in 
the importance of dental care goes beyond cavities  in fact  it s also about cancer prevention  my wife discusses m…
this is the second of two full committee markups  which were originally announced earlier this month 
rt  kcp_tweets  thanks  reptommarino  repjohnlewis  peterroskam for introducing the ckd improvement in research and treatment act 
it s impossible to convey in a single tweet thread the breadth of hays legacy  both as a military pioneer for femal…
in ny  companies of all sizes are expanding their operations and giving bonuses or raises to employees because of…
  potus made a decisive decision last night against the assad regime s use of chemical weapons in syria  thank you…
 blockbuster job growth in february suggests this economy  already nine years into expansion  may yet have room to…
joined  hughhewitt this morning to discuss terrible  browns trades  tillerson s odyssey  complete with homeric refe…
good read via  andrew_langer  townhallcom  the davis-foxx sugar proposal harms american farmers at a time when thos…
rep  sensenbrenner statement on  speakerryan s retirement 
