response  how does this make the victim feel  we loose important time for evidence  time sensitive care  and forces…
happy 215th birthday  ohio  how much do you know about our state  take this quiz 
reminder for high school students  submissions to the congressional art competition are due april 6th  more info he…
appropriations committee releases fiscal year 2019 interior and environment bill - read more here 
rt  charlotte49erfb  congratulations to our football players named to the  conferenceusa commissioner s honor roll student-athletes named m…
congrats to pranay from irving  tx  winner of the nat geo bee today  watch the championships on  natgeo friday night 
great hearing from  potus &  speakerryan 2day about republican tax reform plan  as both said  we re a team and we r…
  politico s brett norman was a smart  thoughtful  and professional health care reporter  and he will be sorely mis…
exactly one month from today  realdonaldtrump meets with kim jong un w/the prospect of positive  historic world cha…
rep  thomas massie says trump s instincts were right   get out of syria 
rt  ivankatrump  today  president trump shared his vision for modernizing our nation s infrastructure and preparing the american workforc…
last night  i participated in a community-wide opioid prevention forum at monticello high school in sullivan co  th…
informative visit at anderson va  they serve 5200  so it s crucial this facility & all va facilities are maximized…
participate in my twitter q&a  ask me questions by using ask rep ralph norman  and i ll answer them here over the next few days 
  gocimd comm engagement & service  health & wellness  leadership  ed & workforce development will disrupt poverty police week l e task force
great to be at tri-community volunteer fire department today in higdon to view the station s new personal protectiv…
rt  housecommerce  full cmte advanced 32 bills at markup today  25 of which are aimed at combating the opioid crisis &gt &gt 
  potus and  secpompeo securing the release of the three american detainees from north korea is terrific news  whil…
rt  foxnews    repgoodlatte   the congress is entitled to these documents  and we ll get them   sunday futures  mariabartiromo
stopped by a vfw post to hear what vets have to say about how to improve services to our nation s heroes the ride2015
rt  houseforeign  chairman  repedroyce statement on mike pompeo s confirmation as secretary of  statedept
rt  cathymcmorris  at 2pm et   repmialove   repmartharoby   repannwagner  and i will join  heritage to discuss how conservative solutions a…
congrats to the honorees at last night s henry county cic dinner  i m pictured here w/ dan brubaker -henry county c…
had a great bipartisan discussion this morning with the problem solvers caucus   vanjones68  jaredkushner and…
rt  nphw  thank you   reproybalallard   repkaygranger   repgenegreen   repmcgovern and  robwittman  for introducing 2018 national public he…
rt  facethenation    tgowdysc  russia is not our friend  they attacked our democracy 
icymi- fy18 labor-hhs bill provides resources to fight opioid abuse and fund important research  nih 
rt  yhn  rep  mo brooks says   the russian thing is quite overblown  alpolitics by  thedalejackson
cbs  doj announces settlement with tea party groups
congratulations on your promotion  maj goulet  thank you for your service to our nation and to  tx31  as our  usarmy…
rt  housesmallbiz  🚨 february 1st 🚨 check your check this morning — odds are you ll have more money in it thanks to the tax cutsand jobs act…
i was honored to attend the columbia county honor a vet ceremony and recognize the service of robert and john shaw 
great visit to the  bechtel welding & applied technology center this morning  bechtel works w/ adaptive constructio…
happy to stop by o shea s in johnstown to pick up the annual coconut cream pigs for easter 
i offered my tentative support for the gop framework on tax reform  visit to learn more 
awaiting the arrival of the rev  billy graham 
rt  amphibwarships  representative  robwittman explains why we must meet the requirement of 38 amphibs at the  amphibwarships forum
 mscharliejohnso they re going to dozens of places  including  va hospitals in danville and st  louis  clinics in b…
rt  nrlc  gao discovers  1 5 billion dollars went to abortion providers a much deserved thank you to  repdianeblack…
it was great to sit down with folks from across  mi08  for a conversation on the tangible benefits tax reform is pro…
remarkably innovative  blockchain technology may prove to be a groundbreaking advancement across many industries 
rt  hesperiapolice  tonight at hesperia city council  several were honored for their continued support & dedication to hesperia pal 
one of the many things that ties us together as americans is our love of and respect for our nation s veterans  our…
rt  houseappropsgop  tune in at 10 am   tomcoleok04 chairs a lhhs subcommittee hearing on the fy19 budget for  usedgovz  betsydevosed testi…
my weekly column  resources online and in our communities which improve nebraskans  access to the federal governme…
rt  repseanduffy  proud to work with my congressional colleagues on rural relief --&gt 
h r  5515 -  fy19ndaa  has been posted to  rulesreps ahead of floor consideration next week - view the rules committ…
congrats to evan ward of pueblo on his appointment to united states air force academy 
nearly 1/3 of us counties have only 1 insurer offering an exchange plan  - time  the last two facts were nyt and the irs  a c abythenumbers
joining  melissaafrancis on  foxbusiness to discuss impact of  scotus  sports betting ruling on atlantic city & state  tune in shortly 
the tax bill leaves too many california families behind  i am voting no  see full statement at
on live with ron jolly  wtcmradio to discuss many issues in mi01  the american people deserve truth and transpar…
my prayers are with the victims of the washington state train derailment  as well as the first responders who are w…
tax reform is about empowering people  including those with disabilities 
wv has the highest rate of opioid deaths in the nation  52 per 100 000 residents  it s time for  facebook to stop e…
today and every day  we remember the horrific atrocity of the holocaust and vow as a nation- never again  we rememb…
rt  waysandmeansgop  statement  chairman brady s full statement on the fy18 appropriations legislation ⬇️
 orhs9  orwareagles  or_studenthub can t wait to hang it up 
thanks  rogermarshallmd and for your quick help for folks in the train crash yesterday  mn02 
rt  financialcmte  oversight and investigations subcommittee chair  repannwagner leads today s hearing to further investigate how human tra…
i will be joining  wamcvoxpop at 2pm to take your calls and discuss combating the opioid crisis  strengthening our…
rt  myaquaamerica  in beaumont affected by hurricane harvey  bring containers to our water truck noon 9/3  fellowship missionary baptist ch…
it s not too late  the deadline for submissions to the congressional art competition is this friday at 5 pm cst  if…
great to visit and speak with morris county residents at the  njmorristown community health fair 
tune in to  cnn at 8 30 ct  i will be talking on the latest with ahca vote today 
think you have what it takes to be one of our best interns  find out more and apply at
i have full confidence president trump will finalize a nafta deal that positions american producers and manufacture…
rt  ajcglobal  ajc applauds u s  recognition of jerusalem as israel s capital city 
general debate on the  nwpaa  has concluded  now on to amendment debate  the house will vote on passage soon  here…
register for the legislative data & transparency conference  event is tues 6/27 9am-4pmedt
rt  vaildaily  column by  reptipton   as we say goodbye to the old  broken tax code  we celebrate this new and exciting chapter for the ame…
rt  aan  families are saving thousands thanks to pro-growth tax reform  that s more money for hardworking parents to save for the future  b…
it has been an honor to serve alongside my friend and colleague   speakerryan  his leadership was paramount to deli…
rt  whitehouse  new york post   time to get the tax cut over the finish line 
rt  thehill  ivanka trump to host white house roundtable on sex trafficking bills
this saturday  the hermiston police department will serve as a d e a takebackday collection site for umatilla county…
national prescription drug take back day is this saturday  april 28 
don t forget to join us at 9am for the 2018 fiscal summit hosted by the  pgpfoundation  watch the live stream at
my thoughts and prayers are with the students  teachers  and staff involved in the horrible ongoing situation at st…
rt  aarpmontana  thank you  repryanzinke for great meeting w/ aarp mt state director about support for caregivers i heart caregivers
i wish a peaceful & blessed ramadan to all of our muslim neighbors in  in05   across our country & around the world 
you re underestimating how good of a target he is at first base and how effective he is scooping up otherwise erran…
i read the classified house intelligence committee memo that details concerns about fisa surveillance abuses by the…
rt  housescience  watch live  hearing on an update on  nasa  commercial_crew systems development →
i have joined a bipartisan group of my colleagues in a letter to the atf to reevaluate the legality of bump stocks 
i strongly support the u s  house resolution requiring all members and congressional employees to complete anti-har…
merry christmas  may this day with family and friends be filled with endless joy… blessings 
sowell  one of our wisest of wise men 
this morning it was an honor to hear secretary of  deptofdefense mattis and  thejointstaff chairman general dunford…
enjoyed meeting with the american council of engineering companies of alabama today 
enrique  my  swfl  director  joins hendry county smallbiz leaders ramon iglesias and mary ann martin  clewiston may…
on house floor now to offer amendment cutting wasteful essential air service and directing savings to deficit reduction  live on  cspan 
i will support this measure as it s time to protect dreamers and our borders---
rt  vp  today on ag day we celebrate america s farmers & agriculture community who help feed the world  fuel our economy  and drive our suc…
congrats to ohio native  redmondgerard on being the first american to win gold at pyeong chang2018  go  teamusa
today  let s be thankful for the earth that we have been given and pledge to protect it  in wa  we are blessed to h…
great news  tax reform keeps on working for the american people 
 tx22  is showing support for child abuse prevention month w/ blue ribbons at  fortbendisd &  sugarlandtxgov fire stat…
the 2018 consolidated appropriations act  signed into law last week  includes a number of provisions to ensure coal…
rt  piedmontemc  we thank  repmarkwalker for his time discussing issues important to co-op members  coopsin d c ncpol
joined rockaway breakfast to benefit operation jersey cares  supporting our troops overseas and when they return h…
religious liberty is an essential pillar of the united states  all americans enjoy the privilege of equal rights be…
the people s representatives have spoken   potus  must sign this bill and protect americans from iran s threatening…
excited to see  adenahealth use the carlisle building to serve chillicothe and continue to  create healthy  thrivin…
said some prayers for barbara bush and her family tonight at mass  her love for country shines through in everythin…
congress is working to strengthen safety at our schools to ensure that no child goes to school in fear  the house j…
rt  ohiolife  such a pleasure to be able to host a wonderful pro-life ohio reception with these great congressmen  why we march
i m also so grateful for my wife  rebecca  she s the best mom and  beeb  that anyone could ask for  mothers day
one of  potus  realdonaldtrump s key campaign promises was to cut taxes for working americans & today we delivered …
rt  foxbusiness    repchrisstewart   if you re one of these people   dreaming of president trump s going to be impeached for collusion    k…
icymi  congrats to glen rock s summer britcher for a great run at the pyeongchang 2018 winter olympics in south kor…
from my family to yours  merry christmas  more→
 luvlydestruxon  kennedynation every seat in the house of representatives is on the ballot this year  per the…
ended drug take back day at lansdowne public safety center thanking  loudounsheriff for their efforts in collecting…
rt  rv_industry  big strides were made last night as the house of representatives passed a three-year extension of the  gsp  program by a vo…
live   10 30 am   congculberson presides over the fy19 budget hearing for  thejusticedept  attorney general session…
great to see kentucky s medicaid waiver approved  the kentucky health program will help low-income kentuckians rise…
 theblondesestra he won the election ur candidate did not when obama won i had to get over it   this time you need to get over it
today  we filed legislation to award the congressional gold medal  the highest civilian honor that congress can bes…
the legacy that  speakerryan will leave behind in the people s house is honorable without question  i wish him all…
house administration chair  candicemiller thanks house cao for his nearly three decades of service
rt  speakerryan  bonuses for workers  pay increases  jobs staying here in the united states  ← americans are already seeing the benefits of…
great to join  powerlunch on  cnbc to discuss tax reform this afternoon  thanks for having me on 
rt  housegop  500   companies have announced new employee benefits 4 million   americans are receiving special bonuses  4 billion   in bonu…
growing up in southeast missouri and graduating from salem high school  i was blessed to have received an exception…
it was great to chat with  txglo commissioner george p  bush  state senator  loiskolkhorst  and others before…
rt  peterjhasson  new  gop congressmen target citibank s  700 billion contract over  anti-second amendment policies 
rt  cathymcmorris  thank you  wapolicygreen and  wapolicycenter for all of your work and research to protect our dams so they can continue…
rt  houseagnews    conawaytx11  we have seen a 52-percent drop in net farm income over the past 5 years  farmers deserve certainty of the …
our schools – and our other community centers – should be as safe as the halls of congress that i walk through each…
rt  housebudgetgop  video  the budget process is broken…we are going to fix it  budget reform
for moms like me who are raising a child with a disability  we expanded  able  accounts with two bills i championed…
the violence triggered by the deplorable white nationalist rally is outrageous  we must recommit to peace  reconciliation and nonviolence
rt  hurdonthehill  computer science majors are changing the world  starting right here in  tx23   stay tuned for more info   stem 
rt  realpureflorida  we came back from charley and we will come back stronger following whatever hurricane irma gives us  we are charlott…
i was glad to attend the mayor s prayer breakfast in edmond  ok this morning 
reminder my mays landing & washington offices are closed tomorrow in observance of new years day  will reopen tuesd…
thank you to  potus  realdonaldtrump for addressing the marchfor life last week and for your leadership in protecting the right to life 
rt  housecommerce  need information and resources before today s house floor action on the nuclear waste policy amendments act  we got you…
rt  housegop  the s t o p school violence act of 2018 has just passed in the people s house  we are live with the latest →
rt  repmccaul  the senate is taking an important step today in marking up this bipartisan bill  reforming and improving  dhsgov through a f…
i m hanging out with  varneyco this morning talking about my friend and future  secdef  mattis - hope you can tune in 
check out my oped with  jahimes on the on the need for bipartisanship and open debate in finding a permanent soluti…
 2/2  we are all better off because of his decades of hard work and my heartfelt thank you goes out to mayor hogan…
it is always a pleasure to join  petekaliner in studio when i m in  avl   you can listen to our interview at the lin…
russia continues to threaten american interests here and abroad  i fully support the expulsion of russian intellige…
great to visit with don killingsworth of jacksonville state university today  dr  killingsworth…
  hurdonthehill  we need to take active steps to ensure america continues to be the world leader in ai 
rt  philippinesusa  ambassador romualdez today met with rep  hal rogers  chairman of the house appropriations committee  the two officials…
thank you for coming by- always good to catch up with my friends from  mnfarmbureau and give an update on the farm…
deputy constable christopher gains is of the rare breed of the american lawman that always stands ready to protect…
i was able to visit with carol brown  pictured in black  from lumberton  tx while she & her friends were touring wa…
yosemite sesquicentennial celebration  ceremony at mariposa grove of giant sequoias
  rongillespie6
we discussed the benefits of tax cuts to their companies  their employees  and the local economy 
billy graham had a profound impact on many  many people  i am blessed to have the opportunity to pay my respects to…
busy week expected here in the house with bills scheduled for a vote covering a range of important topics  -…
congratulations to  doterra for 10 years of success 
 lets have faith that right makes might  and in that faith let us  to the end  dare to do our duty as we understand…
today the house is voting on the pain-capable unborn child protection act  human dignity requires that we protect…
low-fat milk  including flavored milk  is an important part of a child s diet & we should promote consumption of th…
i enjoyed meeting with elijah rising this morning and chatting about the great work this amazing organization is do…
chairman  drphilroe released the following video message in honor of veterans day today 
we should be supporting the iranian people  who want a better life  who want more freedom  iran
rt  foxnews    rephensarling   we want to negotiate in good faith  but we re not going to negotiate with a gun to our head  and we re not g…
thank you 
rt  repgoodlatte  to date  i have only seen a few thousand of the 1 2 million documents  housejudiciary requested from the doj  given the…
i agree that chip is an important program  that s why i voted to reauthorize it on november 3rd …
my thoughts and prayers are with the victims and their families of the terrible attack in manhattan this evening 
save the date - veterans information session on august 11th at the national guard armory in boone  more details at
rt  justinamash  thank you to the 183 republicans and democrats who voted yes on the amash-lofgren  usarights  amendment  we fell short toda…
rt  ckefalas   when i sat here a year ago  our country had a tax code that made these things harder  today  americans have the wind at thei…
as the weather gets warmer & we spend more time outside  learn how you can protect you & your family from infectiou…
the hearing has started  watch live here 
icymi →today  the house will consider the american space commerce free enterprise act  h r  2809   below  space sub…
what is in the  fy18ndaa   no  brac   a pay raise for the troops  fixes for the readiness crisis  agile responses to…
rt  wsucahnrs   wsu  is hosting  washingtongrain & the japan flour millers association as they meet to sign an agreement that involves resea…
releasethememo
rt  westerncaucus  next  our tribal priorities panel  chairman not afraid of  crownationpr tribe  lt  governor robert stone of the gila riv…
rt  jecrepublicans  new podcast  main street economics  explores topics impacting families and smallbiz on main street
rt  teamcavuto    repleezeldin to neil  mission to degrade syria s chemical warfare capabilities was accomplished cavuto
first sponsored in 1958  national library week is an observance in libraries across the country each april  it is a…
rt  fulbrightassoc  thanks to  repdavidyoung for meeting with us today to discuss the impact of the fulbright program on the state of iowa…
20 veterans take their own lives each day  va s expansion of urgent mental health care to those w/ oth discharges w…
i wish her family comfort during this difficult time  i hope the many years of advocacy and memories will serve as…
this week i met with kenneth rigmaiden  general president of the international union of painters and allied trades…
when america is strong  unified  and proud  we can accomplish anything  my response to president trump s first…
as a former  mdcps board member  the proud husband of a 👩‍🏫 & father of 2 daughters in public school …
our  natlparkservice currently faces a nationwide deferred park maintenance backlog of more than  11 billion  and  …
appreciate  arstatechamber bringing together central arkansas chambers for a phone conference discussion on tax ref…
as a member of congress  sometimes the biggest impact you can have is on a personal level  more about the success o…
consumer confidence is up  jobless claims are down  and customers in at least 39 states are seeing lower utility bi…
rt  financialcmte  passed  the house just passed the tailor act by  reptipton  which tailors regulations so that community financial instit…
i am relieved to learn of the release of three americans held in captivity in north korea and commend president tru…
senate have the backbone   have the debate  passed health care reform  we owe it to the american people  we can do better than obama care
 ferc must be willing to address rate hikes fairly and recognize the shared responsibility among energy consumers in the entire system 
 now  most people would not be willing to die for an upright person  though someone might perhaps be willing to die…
rt  reparrington  a few of my comments from today s va hearing 
rt  leoaperales  thank you  repnewhouse for urging  speakerryan to pass a legislative solution for dreamers before the holidays  reaching…
icymi  unsure exactly how the budget process works  learn more about how the budget committees  authorizers  and ap…
because of the 1885 scaffold law  new york is the most expensive state in the u s  to build  my legislation to chan…
we need an effective national security policy that emphasizes cybersecurity in our increasingly digital and globali…
 allen applauds public service commission decision on plant vogtle 
default prevention act on house floor today - if debtlimit reached principal and interest due continues to be paid
wishing a speedy recovery to my friend   stevescalise  can t wait to have you back with us 
rt  ncaied  the national center thanks chairman  replamalfa for hosting this hearing at  natresources  and reps   normajtorres and  tomcole…
 cernovich  teamyoutube  stevekingia  realdonaldtrump youtube s heavy-handed censorship of political ideas will not…
rt  idhs  indiana homeland security and fema launched a massive recovery project monday for indiana flood victims 
want to keep up on the latest legislative happenings in washington and news from across  va05   check out our weekly…
checked in with those at the saturday afternoon mendham clam bake in morris county 
rt  mariodb  junto a mis colegas  roslehtinen  repcurbelo  repsires he solicitado al  statedept información sobre la entrada a eeuu de un g…
discussing ways to improve the va with  leoshane at  aei wenstrup at a e i watch here 
now that the majority memo from chairman nunes has been released  i believe that the minority memo prepared by rank…
breaking  house passes bill to improve care for veterans & increase va accountability   https //t co/unlfyu1uob
honoring the life of john albert mcneill  sr 
 jlrogers6 it was great to see you  i m so glad we were able to connect  have a great rest of your trip 
great news  treasury has announced new withholding tables that will mean hardworking americans see boosts in their…
icymi  this week i testified in support of the facts act  my bill which helps coordinate senior healthcare 
rt  housescience  release  chairman  lamarsmithtx21 congratulates  nasa acting administrator robert lightfoot on nearly three decades of se…
work to advance an immigration bill in the house continues  joining  americanewsroom on  foxnews shortly to talk mo…
at 2 pm  i will be chairing a  gopoversight national security subcommittee hearing on the  caravan  of foreign nati…
a thoughtful column by  marcthiessen from last week s  washingtonpost  attacking the  nra is really attacking every…
discussing solutions to the opioid crisis this morning in a rare 2-day  housecommerce sub health hearing  we ll be…
in just one year  overdoses from opioids jumped by about 30 percent  i introduced bipartisan legislation to combat…
rt  vp  on this thanksgiving we have so much to be thankful for-our family  friends & the privilege to serve our nation  on this day we wil…
for too long law-abiding gun owners have had to navigate a treacherous labyrinth of local & state gun laws while tr…
committee approves posey legislation to put the brakes on new credit union regulations
icymi check out my latest in  dcexaminer
rt  actionnewsnow  breaking  train carrying republican lawmakers crashes in virginia  congressman doug lamalfa uninjured
rt  financialcmte  we passed 76 bills out of committee last year and are ready to tackle more issues for the american people in 2018 
recently  i took to the house floor to honor the life of hot springs wwii hero jack coleman cook  who laid down his…
next wk we ll honor the 13k brave men and women of the  oss  with the highest civilian honor our nation bestows - a…
there is no more fitting honor than for reverend graham to return to washington one final time to lie in honor in t…
honored to be recognized but we wouldn t have been able to secure a two-year extension of funding for community hea…
showing the real impact of tax cuts for employees of  fishersandg to  gopleader   sotu  tax cutsand jobs act tax reform
 we need to give local communities flexibility  the jobs created in georgia are a lot different than those in orego…
as i wrote in  rcdefense this week  putin s kleptocratic regime is uniquely vulnerable to sanctions on the oligarch…
rt  tomrooney  members of  un security council senegal ukraine japan must support armsembargo against south sudan
need assistance with a federal agency  tomorrow  a member of my staff will be hosting mobile office hours at the hy…
the vietnam veterans memorial was dedicated on this day 35 years ago  designed by a college student  the wall is…
veterans  the application process for the national veterans identification card  vic  is now up and running  you ca…
it is with a heavy heart that i share some very sad news  collin kennedy  who recently worked as my victoria field…
congratulations to allison greager from  thisishchs  our 2017 congressional art competition winner …
welcome to the 115th congress—a fresh start to address challenges we face as a nation & in our communities  there is much work to be done 
thanks to  nimhdirector for speaking with us today on suicide prevention and other aspects of mental health  we nee…
ohioans living in manufactured homes are four times more likely to perish in a fire than those living in other type…
after years of promises by previous administrations  today — on the 70th anniversary of the founding of the state o…
congratulations to mr  marvin kahn on his induction into the florida citrus hall of fame this afternoon 
rt  hcfcd  how does the home buyout program work 
thank you to all who participated in the clermont county veterans day program in batavia  these men and women dedic…
rt  kpaadvocacy  thanks to rep  guthrie for meeting with members of kpa yesterday to talk about improving mental health care access in our…
olivia helped me and  repjaredpolis introduce the crytocurrency tax fairness act of 2017 today …
thank you to all those who have bravely served to protect our freedom  happy independence day 
headed to  financialcmte right now to hear from the former equifax ceo  we all deserve information & i will continue to press for answers 
good news  59 percent of consumers cited recent financial progress — the highest level since 1946 — and the share o…
a very bold & positive move by pres  trump in appointing mike pompeo to the sec  of state and gina haspel as cia di…
last week  chairman  drphilroe joined  americanlegion  along with  reptimwalz  petesessions  darrellissa  to celebr…
rt  shopfloornam  great  foxbusiness report on our exciting survey   u s  manufacturers are hiring more workers  boosting wages and increas…
we had a great turnout at our annual service academy night  watch the video here →
i recently spoke with  catoosawalker about several hot issues  read the story here 
congratulations to freed-hardeman s lady lions on their victory last night  and also  congratulations to coach dale…
rt  housegop  rt to recognize military appreciation month 
what is the role of states in federal decision-making  addressing this important question today in our…
really enjoyed meeting with amg vanadium from cambridge today - amg is a leading provider of products for the metal…
rt  reptrey  in 2017  135 police officers were killed in the line of duty  that s a father  a mother  a brother  or a sister  who won t be…
i joined  ewtnews last week to discuss the situation in syria and why i believe we need a long-term strategy for th…
rt  iadhoosiers  trevor baldwin and james care meet house of rep trey hollingsworth and his assistant connor lentz
rt  jeff_borghoff  thank you  reptommacarthur for your steadfast support of house legislation for nih research funding  and co-sponsoring t…
rt  troutunlimited   healthylakes michigan delegation in the nation s capitol with  repmoolenaar  thank you  repmoolenaar for your support…
ty for standing w/ people of king cove  after 30 years  its past time we resolve this life or death issue 
today we honor the legacy of dr  martin luther king jr  and remember his commitment to justice and peace  his words…
i m deeply saddened to hear about the loss of a colleague here in the house  congresswoman louise slaughter was a p…
chairman  repmarkwalker on tariffs   president trump deserves credit for his consistency calling out such bad actor…
reminder  i am holding open office hours in corning and mt  ayr tomorrow  learn more 
rt  speakerryan  thank you to our allies who welcomed my delegation last week  the us stands with you against russian aggression 
rt  lnanderson  and there s the rotation indicated by radar  edgerton  gardner  olathe  spring hill - go to your safe place 
i hope you don t mind  ingrahamangle but i literally just got 4 nice suits for one incredibly low price at    jc pe…
the house passed the  world bank accountability act of 2017   which would withhold a portion of future appropriatio…
rt  gopoversight    jim_jordan  the irs has been a mess and remains a mess 
see my full statement on how the congressional review act passed tonight will support working americans by reversin…
this year s noaa harmful algal bloom projection has been released for lake erie and projections call for a less sev…
i strongly support the work of chairman  devinnunes to bring transparency and accountability to this investigation …
great news  secretary of state mike pompeo has secured the release of 3 americans held as prisoners in north korea   secpompeo
my prayers are with dr  joseph benjamin johnson s family and the  grambling1901 community as they mourn the loss of a great leader  gram fam
rt  housebudgetgop  weds   reptomprice to deliver keynote address on  reforming the congressional budget process   brookingsinst 11/30
great meeting with the pleasants county commissioners and chamber of commerce this afternoon 
i would not be the member of congress i am without jon huntsman senior s friendship and guidance  i hear his voice…
my first read of the day   exclusive – paul gosar  trump needs congressional approval for war in syria  
rt  foxandfriends    jim_jordan  fisa memo is about transparency and truth  not taking down mueller
today  we celebrate the life and legacy of dr  martin luther king jr  let not the work and sacrifices of dr  king g…
rt  housecommerce    us_fda user fee reauthorization act will soon be law  allowing us to bring patients new treatments   stay leader in me…
combating the opioid crisis is my top priority at  housecommerce  learn more about our ongoing efforts to end this…
 inkedtater you mean  mark penn  the democratic pollster  he usually pushes in your direction so this is doubly bad for your position 
rt  theeagle  rep  bill flores honors local veterans for community contributions
take a look at what we will be voting on in the house this week 
rt  housegop  the s t o p school violence act of 2018 has just passed in the people s house  we are live with the latest →
yesterday i was able to visit ichor therapeutics with lafayette town supervisor daniel fitzpatrick and talk about w…
  repmarkwalker  the justice system and the bureau of prisons have a responsibility to help rehabilitate inmates an…
great story out of new lexington  small biz like ludowici roof tile are the backbones of our economy   oh15 
 comcast on wednesday announced that it will give  1 000 to over 100 000 of its employees as a result of the passag…
rt  travruiz  good morning from clyde  america  interviewing congressman  conawaytx11
rt  cspanbus  good morning idaho falls  idaho  we are at compass academy visiting some very excited students and teachers - what a great t…
i ve been quoted & misquoted  here s the first time i espoused the self-deprecating massie theorem of republican p…
great to see  during my faces of tax reform discussions  i ve heard so much hope and optimism from people in places…
watch live as french president  emmanuelmacron addresses as joint session of congress  🇺🇸 🇫🇷
rt  sbsun  nearly 2 dozen hurt  1 dead in kramer junction bus crash
students from wasilla s twindly bridge charter school came by capitol hill today to share their ideas about what they…
   delivering care and services for people from infancy to adulthood  with differing abilities  the arc of loudoun…
we are working on  housecommerce to protect consumers and empower the next generation of creators and developers …
nsr is an overly complex  costly  and time-consuming program that is having an adverse impact on economic growth  t…
earlier this week i was washington watch w/  tperkins  pres of  frcdc  to discuss trump s new military policy 
farmers and ranchers all over florida grow and raise the food that ends up on kitchen tables around the world  this…
l shana tova to all who are celebrating rosh hashanah  may you have a blessed new year 
 lnpjunior  lancasteronline i m at columbia high school s event about school safety  gun laws  bullying  and mental health 
speaker paul ryan s best line   i just want to be a dad again    speakerryan
veterans resource fair event page 
2 of the 7 cost cutting bills i ve introduced this congress passed the house this week 
rt  waysandmeansgop  rt if you agree ➡️ our tax code is a complicated mess that enables a broken tax collector  htt…
 1/2  i was heartbroken to learn of the tragic events in sutherland springs  texas today 
i joined two colleagues to introduce amendments to the ffa charter  right now  the ffa is one of about 100 federall…
on gold star spouses day  we honor the sacrifice and strength of the spouses of america s fallen service members  you…
rt  oncologycoa  we are advocates for the care  thank you  repgusbilirakis for taking time out of your afternoon to hear our concerns on  p… 
hopefully they have learned their lesson & will start focusing on the real issues facing the american people  our…
rt  in_corn  thank you  replarrybucshon for attending yesterday s coffee shop talk in rockville  we greatly appreciate your support  i n cof…
rt  roslehtinen  always great 2 see the cerna family on capitol hill   even better when they give me work 2 do  my offices r glad to help c…
thank you to the national brain tumor society  nbtstweets - we had a great visit about a very important issue…
happening now  rep  coffman addresses  rhsexcellence students-- issues being discussed include gun control  net neu…
i love what this young man  kylekashuv is doing--engaging on all sides of the aisle to discuss ideas and solutions…
hoosiers want bipartisan solutions from d c  i am glad that  repsinema & i were able to help provide small biz more…
today the u s  house of representatives voted to put money back into the pockets of hardworking americans under the…
rt  reperikpaulsen  today s tax reform good news story that shows the tax cutsand jobs act is helping all employees  including hourly wage ea…
michigan farm bureau braved the snow to meet and discuss ag issues in the 10th district and our nation as a whole …
congressional art competition finalists announced  politics
my statement on  repcharliedent 
rt  steveknight25  the first priority in today s omnibus bill is properly funding our military 
we continued conversations this week about much needed va reforms with  concernedvets   connectingvets and others …
the indiana c o p s  do inspiring work every day  they have turned pain into progress & work to help people who als…
i m glad the american people now have the opportunity to review the contents of the fisa memo & judge for themselve…
renee & i send our deepest condolences to the family of first lt  samuel phillips  we pray they feel god s comfort…
rt  flcitrusmutual  a sincere thank you to  secretarysonny for his hard work on the disaster relief programs following hurricane irma  we r…
through reforms like consolidating community care programs and extending the post-9/11 caregiver program to all era…
13  was the briefing done to  legitimize  the dossier  and who leaked the fact that the briefing was about the dossier 
violence of any type has no place in our society  particularly our schools  and today s vote on the…
happening now  hearing on opportunities and challenges in the financial technology marketplace chaired by…
this is major news for nc  with savings from the recent tax cuts  blue cross and blue shield is investing  50 milli…
happy 70th independence day  israel 
proud to announce the winner of the  fl27  congressional art competition  aliya joy hollub of  ransomeverglade …
median tax savings in  co06  =  2902 400  companies expanding employee benefits  4 000 000  receiving special bo…
just yesterday  axios highlighted the continued increase in u s  crude oil exports  yes2 energy
rt  walshfreedom  i d retire  never yell on the radio again  and go tend bar in key west for the rest of my days if every republican in dc…
the students from liberty christian sent in a number of pieces for the congressional art competition that vary in c…
this is a crucial effort that will allow americans to keep more of their money and will grow jobs 
rt  housesmallbiz  happy national small business week to our nation s 30 million small businesses  entrepreneurs  and innovators  when ameri…
february is almost over  so be sure to double ✅your paychecks  taxes are ⬇ and your take home pay is ⬆ thanks to th…
rt  achamensd3  hope is your 2018 national champions
 j_c_fitz 🤦🏻‍♂️
i m glad to be participating in today s discussion  looking forward to hearing from attorney general jeff sessions 
chairman  rephensarling full opening statement from today s hearing w/ ustreasury secretary  stevenmnuchin1 on the…
congratulations to ucla i m winning the beach volleyball national championship  i hope all the teams and fans enjoy…
hispanic serving institutions are committed to encouraging more hispanic students to complete their education & bec…
we visited with the inspired staff and students of  paxtoncampus in leesburg today  since its creation in 1967  th…
rt  utahshoavoice  special thanks to  miablove deputy chief of staff & legislative director stefanie dearie for meeting with me today about…
i ll be live with  msnbc s  katyturnbc at 2 05 pm et  11 05 am pt  to discuss potential spending deals as it relate…
rt  repcloakroom  h r  428 was passed – yeas 250  nays 171
submitted house bill 3448  classified information protection act  got to stop the leaking of classified info  dange…
rt  brazoriacounty 
thankful my amendment to the thin blue line act passed  housejudiciary committee today  we need to end the targeting of law enforcement 
i ve long been a proponent of cutting superfluous programs  we live in a day and age when we no longer need to subs…
watch live   waysandmeans gop hearing on the status of social security s trust funds
watch live ➡️ members of the education & workforce committee talk about opioid solutions on the house floor
we ve seen  starbucks expanding in  ga12  and now they have announced that they will be giving their employees pay r…
continuing my trek around the fifth district  i had the pleasure of visiting  caresouthc in lee county to talk…
today  i met roger christopher  regional president of the fleet reserve association in boise  fra represents ameri…
  mccurry_jamie thanks for your question  ask buddy
great spending time with teachers and students at the clarkston oakland technical campus earlier today  thanks for…
america produces the safest  most abundant  most affordable food & fiber products in the world  🌽🥕 our ag policy mu…
a report from  cdcgov showed those working in agriculture commit suicide at a rate higher than any other occupation…
we start military appreciation month with a heavy heart  after the loss of spc  gabriel d  conde  22  of loveland  k…
congratulations to lubbock hs for making it to the  doe_sc_nsb this weekend  these bright west texans are part of a…
rt  foxnews    repleezeldin   the federal government is responsible for setting the immigration policies  so  what you re seeing with these…
we are now considering h r  5175  pipeline and lng facility cybersecurity preparedness act find all bills from tod…
thank you scott and justin for stopping by to discuss the latest developments at  midcontinent 
met w/  washingtongrain to discuss importance of effective crop insurance  agricultural research  trade regulations…
it s public service recognition week  to all of the dedicated public servants who help make  tx22  a wonderful place t…
stopped by to raise awareness halos for angels fright factor in florham park 
good to see  unitedhealthgrp will begin giving discounts directly to seven million customers in january  hopefully…
toured  ermchealth today with ceo tim johnson to discuss health care and see their new expansion 
tuesday morning  at the interior and environment appropriations subcommittee hearing  i questioned rear admiral mic…
balanced budget amendment
the committee is now considering the fy19 agriculture appropriations bill  the bill funds  usda   us_fda   cftc  ru…
did you know that april is the month of the military child  while we should always thank our service members  we mu…
coming up at 10 15 am cst - i m joining  chrissalcedotx to discuss my school safety meeting w/local law enforcement…
 ermizmo1 it certainly is still very much on my priority list  i ve been assured there will be movement on the bill…
good morning from the  indylibrary  enjoyed reading to children during reach out & read in s children s day 📚 one o…
my first read of the day   arizona jumped up from one spot by being ranked no  5 
ted cruz & texas cohorts voted vs ny/nj aid after sandy but i ll vote 4 harvey aid  ny wont abandon texas  1 bad turn doesnt deserve another
grow some manners jim  abrasive personal attacks do nothing to advance your argument nor create constructive dialog…
washington needs to get out of the way so community banks can focus on meeting the needs of our towns and cities in…
rt  repdandonovan  i will be holding a  househomeland hearing on feb  6 to explore what went wrong before hawaii s false ballistic missile…
last year we lost over 2 700 floridians to opioid-related deaths  if you have prescription drugs you haven t used …
rt  sarahkleiner9  3/ repwalterjones has also asked two house committees for an investigation into veterans organizations that  take advant…
 realdonaldtrump is correct  unemployment numbers are moving in the right direction
the tax cuts & jobs act  ✔ nearly doubles the standard deduction ✔ lowers individual tax rates ✔ expands the chil…
happening now →  fbi director comey testifying to the house intelligence committee on russian active measures  tune in 
i strongly support efforts to turn off the title x funding stream for planned parenthood   hhsgov should issue new…
tonight is  utahjazz vs   houstonrockets game 4 — go jazz   
bluffton & beaufort tomorrow  here s where you can find me   
rt  austinscottga08  just wrapped up some dinner  and now back to  fy19ndaa  mark-up  still a lot of work left to do tonight  but looking fo…
great turnout for today s rpc school choice staff briefing 
love be home  jet skiing  mowing the grass  life is good  btw if you love your bike you have to show her  go home a…
great visit  thanks  hartzellprop 
rt  acufforjustice   it s important for conservatives to pick up the mantel  because we have the message that is good for all communities …
to those who have put their lives on the line for our country  thank you for your service  happy veterans day 
one of the best running backs ever - great meeting with  herschelwalker today  heisman winner
western nevada college named national semifinalist in the 2017  act college & career readiness campaign  congrats 
rt  alexnbcnews  rep  roslehtinen says this is the first time she has signed a discharge petition while her party has been in control in he…
great example of what our local tech schools are doing to successfully close the skills gap in northeast wisconsin …
rt  whitehouse   my administration is committed to fighting the drug epidemic and helping get treatment for those in need    sotu 
rt  townhallproject  congrats again to our 2017 house mvp  jimpressoffice for holding *115* in-person town halls this year   and thanks t…
obamacare has been a disaster for many arizonans  it s time to resolve the problems obamacare has caused in arizona…
it was an honor to speak with participants in the advancing georgia s leaders in agriculture and forestry program t…
nobody likes tax day  but thanks to tax reform today we re celebrating the last day you ll have to deal with the ol…
looks like the secret is out about how great a place huntsville is to live  huntsville ranks as the 7th best to liv…
  beau_steve thanks for your question  ask buddy
i am sickened to see  ppact s 2016-2017 annual report confirming what we already knew  last year alone  over 321 00…
good news for alabama  our students  and our teachers 
rt  newson6  gun violence starts with desensitized kids  mullin says
rt  agripulse    congressmangt nutrition title is about helping our neighbors in need  those living with disabilities  children  i think we…
thank you rabbi avrohom for inviting me to join you to commemorate passover with chabad of doral this afternoon 
great meeting today with  usairforce secretary heather wilson  the air force is the smallest it s been in history a…
rt  cspanradio  5pm live et  washington today on taxreform w/  realdonaldtrump &  senatemajldr  intrw w/  repandyharrismd
 ff  to main street s co-chairs   rodneydavis   repfredupton   repjeffdenham   repmimiwalters
pleased to attend pets for vets with  secretaryzinke  secshulkin  kellyannepolls &  laraleatrump to discuss how serv…
 4 of 10  celebrate idaho day  idaho has 3 100 miles of rivers  more than any state in the lower 48  and over 2 00…
thanks to  todayshow for highlighting one of oh-14 s most inspiring businesses in chagrin falls  on this…
it s an exciting time for the bootheel  join me   govgreitensmo & state rep  don rone in new madrid tomorrow for a…
let s get more money in your pocket  learn more about how we are doing that 
want to learn how tax reform is helping you  visit
icymi  i was able to spend time at the l j  shosten union training center in saint paul recently  the facility prov…
aplaudo a  vp y admin por nuevas sanciones contra 3 oficiales del régimen d maduro y 20 compañías conectadas p su…
do you have old or unused prescriptions sitting in your medicine cabinet  tomorrow is national prescription drug ta…
rt  menbaction  did you know that april 24 is world meningitis day  on that day  our founders alicia and patti will join  reperikpaulsen and…
thank you to all of the leaders and volunteers in montcalm co  who have worked on this outstanding effort to honor…
 tamu  tamu i had a blast handing out aggie rings today during aggie ring day 
 senatedems but if you want to know how are plans differ  i d suggest reading this 
u s  service academy nomination applications for the class of 2023 are now available  check out my website for more…
western  pa  has become a national leader for start-up activity  driving economic development  tech  innovation  & j…
still awaiting details but sad news out of superior  praying for the explosion victims and their families  and for…
my bill  the congenital heart futures reauthorization act  passed the house last night  i am passionate about the…
rt  housegop  next year  typical families of four earning  73 000 a year will get a tax cut of  2 059  this is real and meaningful savings…
writing holiday cards to our troops abroad  thank you for your service & may god bless you all  happy holidays
andrew mccabe was an incredibly central figure to multiple investigations leading up to the 2016 elections  his fi…
rt  cathymcmorris  new on a map of companies and job creators who are providing bonuses and new benefits to their…
getting ready to send out our  mi07  newsletter  sign up here to stay updated on issues important to you …
appreciate the kind words from the  thetrcp on keeping our public lands public  mtpol keepitpublic
the ag  community sees higher rates of depression and suicide than most due to the nature of the work and the lack…
moms know better than the government  that s why the tax cutsand jobs act doubled the child tax credit to  2k to help…
press conference live now on queenofthe hill effort to force debate on bordersecurity and  daca   watch ➡️…
   we are locked in a shutdown  because liberal obstructionists are taking advantage of arcane senate rules  holdi…
today  i have the honor of paying respects to rev  billy graham  his body will lie in honor in the u s  capitol tod…
  gocimd  helped faith-based and community leaders to put an end to the unrest and prevent it in the future  police week l e task force
check out my column in today s  lancasteronline about how we ve all worked together to achieve results for our comm…
today is one of those days where it seems like fall is whispering  i m on my way  
today i joined the house in passing h res  630  a resolution i proudly co-sponsored to require all members of congr…
glad to see the  whitehouse turn blue in honor of our nation s police officers  police week
last night we held our third  va05  telephone town hall meeting of 2018 with over 15 800  va05  residents  icymi  you…
rt  housebudgetgop  starting soon  committee hearing with  mickmulvaneyomb about the president s budget request for fiscal year 2019  watc…
i said enough truth in this interview to get me in some hot water    but someone needs to say it  quit handing you…
we remember the fallen and we say thank you to our law enforcement community in north texas and throughout the nati…
the winning continues  from the  nytimes   blockbuster job growth in february     the economy is humming      jobs…
i continue to be committed to supporting our military  to working to find ways to eliminate deficits  reducing our…
the house kicked off veterans day week by passing five bills  read chairman  drphilroe s statement 
summer is right around the corner  which means summer vacations  remember to apply for your passport early and che…
rt  cathymcmorris  very excited for  greggharper to serve as the chairman of  houseadmngop 
godspeed secretary esper and i wish you good luck in working with our troops to keep america safe 
i join my fellow americans in mourning the loss of former first lady barbara bush  she possessed an old-fashioned l…
the current infrastructure prioritization system in place today is flawed  project development needs to be metric based and objective 
not enough of them [texts] is the problem  this is just more obfuscation on the part of people wanting to cover for…
  repwalberg   as a result of the tax cuts and jobs act  which  potus signed into law at the end of 2017   the u s …
after today  the outdated tax code is gone for good  because of historic tax cuts  michigan families will see more…
met w/ students from freehold township hs before their march for our lives rally & discussed my strong & long-standin…
ywca helping victims of violence in pottstown
thanks for taking the the time to visit with me and my staff  enjoyed it 
rt  secretaryzinke   188 million in energy revenues to fund conservation and storm prep for gulf states  take your child to work day
today s commitment from the  deptofdefense to conduct a full audit is a turning point towards do d auditability
icymi  my interview with  breitbartnews sharing my support of president trump s efforts to pressure mexico into doi…
rt  housegop  the tax cutsand jobs act is a win for families all across this country  1  doubled the child tax credit 2  preserved the adopti…
total depravity  end human trafficking
1 3 million identity thefts in the irs data base  irs refuses to enforce  identity theft is a felony 
america is in the middle of a daca amnesty debate today exactly because of the amnesty act of 1986  amnesty begets…
read  repbillshuster s new editorial in the  washtimes   infrastructure is not a republican or democratic issue…
rt  kingofthehammer  the lineup at the  polarisrzr koh utv race   koh2016 
today   edworkforce is marking up the promoting real opportunity  success  and prosperity through education reform…
rt  pdmcleod  i tune out for an hour or so only to find out the functioning of the american government is held up by an idaho senator becau…
house passes legislation to reform justice department settlement practices  tcot 
the bipartisan 21st century irs act  legislation i introduced to modernize irs information technology & protect aga…
congratulations to marilou johnson  from the pineville-bell county public library  who was…
what s good for smallbiz is good for america  that s why our better way plan helps smallbiz & reminder…
rt  houseagnews  must read via  wsjopinion  working on food stamps  a house gop reform would help the able-bodied get off the dole 
wishing you a safe and happy thanksgiving 
rt  repjoewilson  icymi  my opening statement at today s  fy19ndaa  hearing as chairman of the readiness subcommittee 
thanks to  sentedcruz for joining us at today s school choice rally as we work to ensure every child has a chance a…
spoke w/  thehill yesterday about bump stocks and also talked about how we can approach the issue of mass shootings 
rt  justinamash   let me now take a more comprehensive view  and warn you in the most solemn manner against the baneful effects of the spir…
young men and women of all races and faiths have bled and died for these ideals at home  on the shores of normandy  and around the world 
rt  npca   icymi    npca   hurdonthehill and more than 20 veterans and park supporters participated in a bike ride through  missionsnps to h…
rt  lilagracerose  an important step forward  the south carolina senate will soon vote on a bill that would effectively ban all abortions a…
another georgia company announces tax reform bonuses & benefits  tax reform works
rt  fourchonport  🚨❄️🚧🚨 traffic  7am update  elevated la1 to port fourchon remains closed due to ice this morning   la_dotd has mobilized a…
congrats to isobel straub  a senior at rangeley lakes regional school  for having her outstanding artwork  wait  na…
i toured the snc dream chaser with commerce sec   vp did as well on his way to the space symposium today in colorad…
our 2018 farm bill improves  snap  integrity by implementing a database that tracks duplicative enrollment across the…
 grandslamthrow  economic activity in 2017  - the first year  potus was in office  sounds like with his leadership …
rt  desjarlaistn04  visited  motlowofficial in warren co  very impressive facilities  teachers eager to train those receiving snap assistan…
rt  ohiochc  leadership from  nfpmedcenter and  axesspointe met with shane in  repjimrenacci office  value c h cs
be extra cautious on the roads today    this cannot be stressed enough 
businesses are coming back to america from overseas because of tax reform  our updated tax code means a stronger u …
in closing 2017  my wife shared her advice on balancing this busy holiday season and maintaining a healthy lifestyl…
britain should tear down the wall blocking alfie from care 
rt  clarkstatepres  a huge thank you to  warrendavidson for touring our manufacturing lab  clarkstate & discussing how we help close the sk…
during the 115th congress  the house has passed 566 bills…as of today  433 of these bills are stuck in the siesta s…
we are seeing increased confidence and growth at the state level because of the tax cuts and jobs act  learn more a…
rt  stevendialtv  this moment is everything  ben richardson and clayton custer run to find their coach since the third grade  ed fritz  two…
it was a privilege to speak to students at  calvaryuniv this afternoon and take their questions
rt  cnbcnow  breaking  exxon mobil to invest  50 billion in us over 5 years  citing tax reform
the folks in our agriculture industry are why we can have access to safe and affordable food  fuel and fiber each…
reminder  my congressional app challenge is now open for  nj  students   congressionalac
greatly heartened to see hundreds of people turn out for the 2017 walk to end alzheimer s in york on sat  honored t…
rt  texaswheat  congressman will hurd from san antonio is speaking up on behalf of nafta  we are thankful for support from our representati…
rt  speakerboehner  under gop control  us house operations have saved taxpayers &gt  400 million & counting cc  …
congratulations simone rogers on being named boys & girls clubs of the coastal plain s n c  youth of the year  incr…
brace yourself y all  dental care is on the way  i m proud to have written a letter of support for the grant fundin…
rt  talk1073  get an update on coastal restoration and 2016 flood dollars from  repgarretgraves on d c current presented by  labi_biz
i m proud to support the 21st century cures act so that we can have cures now 
i enjoyed joining cancer survivors  doctors  and advocates at today s you re beautiful luncheon  the…
i m saddened to hear my friend louise slaughter has died  she was a brilliant and kind colleague  from different po…
 repgusbilirakis is working closely with pinellas co to get residents of bay tree center help due to hurricane 
thinking of all those in the path of hurricane irma  grateful for all of our first responders and citizen heroes 
today  at the  houseforeign committee hearing on  turbulence in the middle east   i had the opportunity to discuss…
  repeliotengel and i sent a letter urging peruvian president martin vizcarra to seek a commitment from all leaders…
lionfish removal & awareness day runs from may 19 – september 3  join the  myfwc lionfish challenge to remove thes…
rt  financialcmte  despite the snow in d c   our markup is continuing as scheduled today  watch live starting at 10am et 
rt  usreplong   small business owners are more optimistic than ever about the economy  thanks to tax reform   tax cutsand jobs act
this friday  i will be discussing the latest news concerning the clay county va clinic project  the event will be a…
great crowd at this year s east bend god & country celebration 
day 17 for 31 reasons4 tax reform→ we can ease the complex burdens on smallbiz so that they can grow  boost wages &…
it was a pleasure to meet with the georgia rural health association to discuss healthcare issues facing our rural c…
i joined  1470wmbd this morning to discuss issues facing the 18th district  including rolling back regulation for o…
dr  diana natalicio is the longtime president of  utep & champion for the el paso community  her commitment to prov…
rt  housegop  the tax cutsand jobs act is giving people from all walks of life a more optimistic view of their futures  whether you re a smal…
  repgosar   when ngs was built  it was considered the environmentally friendly trade-off at the time as the altern…
1 in 3 americans has nothing saved for retirement  the good news  it s never too late to start  this week is nation…
a successful turnout at  houseagnews listening session  thank you to all who tuned in and  angelostate for hosting …
rt  repmikebishop  the bipartisan 21st century irs act  legislation i introduced to modernize irs information technology & protect against…
at 5pm the committee will meet on hr 1654- water supply permitting coordination act &hr-1873 electricity reliability & forest protection act
check out this week s newsletter  it highlights some events happening around  ca08  for veterans day --&gt 
the government has been shut down for nearly 24 hours   senatedems - do your job and stop holding government fundin…
the wounded officers recovery act to help  capitolpolice officers injured at the shooting has passed house & senate  now to  realdonaldtrump
enough is enough  let s get this done 
discussing my report on mueller on  foxandfriends tomorrow morning at 5 15am central  be sure to tune in to…
on holocaust remembrance day  we remember the victims and salute our wwii veterans who risked their lives to defeat…
rt  whitehouse    dhsgov secretary nielsen   border security is homeland security  which is national security  it s not a partisan issue  i…
 ldtc17  is back with use of semantic web in national parliaments
 otd  in houston  texas in 1969  dr  denton was the first to implant an artificial heart into a human being  this mi…
rt  jimlangevin  thank you  repholding  repgregorymeeks  tomcoleok04  repsires  repjoewilson for joining me in introducing a resolution con…
rt  hascrepublicans  live now  hasc hearing on military and security challenges and posture in the indo-pacific region - led by chairman  m…
rt  americanewsroom  listen   sandrasmithfox  rep_hunter talk passing a long-term budget and how it correlates to national security
happening now   repblainepress chairs our hearing on legislative proposals to reform the current datasecurity and…
the committee s markup will begin at 10 30  stream it here 
started the day with discussion of the important issues of the day on the art lewis show on wsgw this morning 
talking to neil cavuto in a couple of minutes about why we should cancel august recess 
i spoke on the house floor today about how we re taking bipartisan action to hold the irs accountable and bring its…
rt  rickungar    repjackbergman - our role as congress is to give the va and  secshulkin the funding levels they need  but also hold them a…
consider this  d w  mcmillan hospital in brewton  alabama  near the florida border  is reimbursed almost twenty per…
tomorrow  we commission a new  usnavy ship and commemorate the life and legacy of private first class ralph johnson 
rt  speakerryan  so members of the public can pay their respects  the late rev  billy graham will lie in honor in the u s  capitol rotunda…
there sure is  i am thrilled ryno from  copsdoughnuts could be my guest tonight for the state of the union  a great…
i m not giving up on doing the right thing for  daca  recipients  utpol discharge petition
it is nationalpoultryday  according to  uaex_edu   poultry of some type are produced on over 6 000 arkansas farms…
as events play out on the international stage  we continually see america s need for a strong national defense  pro…
the s t o p school violence act would help prevent future tragedies by providing training through state grants to keep…
today  i had the great honor of welcoming 35 world war ii veterans from  ca45   and across southern california  to w…
posey leads house approval of bipartisan algal bloom research bill to benefit the indian river lagoon  politics
sandra day o connor was born in el paso  tx and served on the u s  supreme court for nearly 25 years  she broke new…
 us  adds 164k jobs and unemployment rate drops to 3 9%  small businesses are leading the charge throughout our nati…
icymi  chairman roe joined  hlntv to discuss a recent gao report that revealed va failed to report negligent doctor…
i m on next with  tuckercarlson talking about my immigration reform efforts in washington 
with  jsu  president beehler on top of houston cole library to look at damage  gamecock strong…
rt  deahq  d e a take back partners  help trend takeback hashtags w/ a pill emoji now through next weekend  use hastags d e a take back d e a take b…
great to have a group of nurse practitioners from  va06  in earlier this week to discuss issues impacting health car…
thanks for hosting me 
glad to speak this am  looking forward to meeting with constituents in town for this event later this afternoon 
because of tax reform  americans  real disposable income is up  that helps all kansas families  this is not an acci…
happy mother s day  a special thank you to my mom  my wife  and my grandmother for everything that you do 
excited to start the 115th congress and continue our fight to halt job crushing regulations  housejudiciary
rt  waysandmeansgop  just released   repkevinbrady statement on  usrepgarypalmer   repdavid amendment to further strengthen ahca
packed house today at the dundee business summit  talked about our work to cut taxes  boost good-paying jobs  and s…
rt  housegop   the future doesn t belong to the fainthearted  it belongs to the brave   president ronald reagan  today  we pay special tri…
rt  houseappropsgop  this morning at 10 am  the defense subcommittee holds a hearing to review the  usarmy s fy19 budget request  tune in…
 goldstarspousesday is important time to recognize the service and sacrifices that all gold star family members hav…
happy national ag day to all of the hardworking tennessee farmers and ranchers who are up before dawn to put food on…
i am saddened by the news of congresswoman louise slaughter s passing  she will be greatly missed on capitol hill …
urging president trump to overrule interior secretary and keep ban on african lion trophies  didn t get much atten…
today   alliancedefends is arguing at  scotus  to stop the state of california from using its power to force pro-lif…
last week  anne and i attended the wh congressional picnic  a bipartisan gathering my colleagues  their families an…
this morning  i questioned the director of the  uscbo on why we choose to spend more than we bring in  we must get…
rt  americanmothers  thank you illinois congressman  rodneydavis for speaking on human trafficking during the  ami2018  national convention…
rt  pancan_oklahoma   tomcoleok04 thank you for great meeting today  we thank you for all your support and everything you do  wage hope  pa… 
interested in receiving my weekly newsletter   from the front   sign up here 
rt  pittsburghpg  punxsutawney phil predicts six more weeks of winter
this shameful government shutdown rests on the shoulders of  senatedems and  senschumer  they made the choice to p…
peace in the middle east has been elusive  but i believe it s closer and more attainable than it s ever been due to…
wynton gage  from springfield southeast hs  represented illinois in the  poetryoutloud national finals in dc this w…
thanks to  fosta  with my  sesta  amendment  the department of justice has seized and affilia…
in idaho we love our national parks but our parks need our help  read my &  repschrader plan to restore our nation…
was great meeting with  maylandcc president dr  john boyd yesterday  thanks for your hard work to provide education…
under the leadership of  potus trump &  vp pence  our economy is booming and hardworking americans are winning agai…
rt  housegop  did you know we passed 7 bills to lower health care costs and increase access to care 
my staff and i had the chance to stop by somerset elementary school to drop off books for the kids from the library…
goodlatte responds to virginia legislators on interstate 81 via  newsvirginian  va06 
rt  rileywpagett   we need policy that helps support youth to bring them back to the farm or to ag pursuits   - katie benson  nationalffa  …
as small business week kicks off  i m looking forward to visiting several small businesses around  al05  in the comin…
rt  fwd_us  thank you  repdavidvaladao for your time and leadership on  daca   our ca delegation enjoyed meeting with you last week at the …
the founders didn t envision a bureaucracy that makes decisions in spite of the people  we must push back the regul…
rt  teamcavuto  congressman jim jordan to neil  obviously there are big problems at the top level of the fbi cavuto  jim_jordan
 no provision in our constitution ought to be dearer to man than that which protects the rights of conscience again…
rt  justinamash  it was my honor to greet west michigan veterans who traveled to d c  on the recent  talonsout honor flight  you are incred…
happy thanksgiving  md-01 
we honor the service of america s soldiers  marines  sailors  airmen & guardsman  armed forces day
this partnership is a great example of technology and innovation leading the way 
director butler &  ohioepa are doing a great job rehabilitating and safeguarding ohio s water resources for future…
tonight alabamians have spoken   i congratulate judge moore on his win  i look forward to working with him to enact president trump s agenda
rt  jim_jordan  13  was the briefing done to  legitimize  the dossier  and who leaked the fact that the briefing was about the dossier 
we are holding remote office hours on the 12th in fredonia  details here 
rt  scbpubschools  congressman adrian smith toured the new s h s today  thank you for taking the time to see our school and meet with our st…
voted yesterday to block cash ransom payments to iran ➙
proud to be a champion for  saltlakecc and its mission to offer quality  affordable higher education in utah …
  senschumer thinks an amendment cutting off funding to  sanctuary cities  has no place in immigration reform debat…
visiting dc this summer  check out touring information on my website 
today the house voted to help fulfill an important  potus promise by passing  hr4  the faa reauthorization act  this…
it is also a reminder we must ensure our future freedom fighters have the resources and tools they need to defend a…
rt  cnnsitroom  rep  mccaul  the bombs that have gone off in austin  texas are  fairly sophisticated 
the  deptvetaffairs launched a new online tool to help veterans track the status of their appeals  the tool will al…
breaking  house approved my bill w/  repderekkilmer to direct va to detail steps to improve veterans  care   wa04 
nothing promotes gun sales like president obama talking about gun control  guns in america
germany s chancellor angela merkel will be visiting the white house later this week to meet w/ realdonaldtrump  the…
hearing will be delayed until french president  emmanuelmacron s address to the joint session of congress is comple…
good to see so many out for lincoln park day 
rt  repseanduffy  crashing  reptomemmer s office to chat with  danoxochsner on  knsi - listen live here  
rt  waysandmeansgop    nfib senior vp of public policy   small businesses are going to see more savings and more money in their pockets   h…
ensuring access to educational opportunities strengthens our economy  drives technological innovation across every…
rt  faithcvv  resolution copper  superior  arizona  with  repgosar   repwesterman &  repnewhouse 
spoke with  news4melissa and  billfrankmore this morning about the work i ve been doing in washington & other issue…
last night  i voted to keep the government open & extend child health insurance for 6 years for 650 kids in jeffers…
reverend dr  martin luther king  jr  made america look up  and look within  by his works  we saw the great promise…
an america first energy plan not only contributes to energy security but also promotes our national security intere…
great to have cindy & phil adams from cookeville with their grandkids in our office before their  uscapitol tour …
great op-ed from the national association of manufacturers  chief economist  chadmoutray  manufacturers  outlook ro…
perfect addition to an already great community  i can t wait to see the positive impact the clay cup makes on neosh…
during yesterday s  coffee with your congressman  in ozark  we discussed school safety  as i told  4029news  i beli…
on this day in nevada history  gold was discovered in virginia city 157 years ago   nv02  home means nevada
a big congrats to quail international in greensboro for being presented with the globe  georgia launching opportuni…
i met with new york representatives from the american alliance of museums to discuss funding and education policy …
rt  foxbusiness    ivankatrump touted the benefits of tax cuts on small business  small business week
read my op-ed in  thehill  blanket tariff proposal could jeopardize recent economic boom –&gt 
i encourage my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to continue working together until a sound  common-sense solut…
rt  repdavetrott  my first read of the day → i am encouraged to see the senate passed a helpful bipartisan legislative package of financial…
shameful  alfie evans medieval
saddened to learn of the passing of barbara bush  i ve always admired her for her unwavering dedication to her fami…
 okdentalmission held their 9th annual dental clinic in durant & provided nearly 1 000 patients with free dental ca…
happy birthday   petesessions 
it is an honor to commemorate the month of the military child  every april  we remember to take the time and applau…
rt  housegop  the flags of the  uscapitol are lowered to half-staff to honor the courageous men & women of america s law enforcement who ga…
congressman griffith s weekly e-newsletter 1 8 18 topics  marijuana and the rule of law  the congressional award
happy mother s day to all our mothers  past and present  including my mother  rita  and of course my wife kelly  to…
met with the great people of signature health to showcase some of their services  it was great to catch up with the…
i commend the trump administration s decision to impose new sanctions against russian individuals and businesses  r…
sat down w/  evanonstot today to discuss my trip to armenia  daca  & tax reform  watch  sunday morning matters  on…
icymi- i joined  specialreport tonight to give an update on the russia investigation  watch here -&gt 
hurricane season is just around the corner – make sure you are prepared  the 2018 emergency preparation supplies sa…
i met with dps this morning to thank them for their work in combatting human trafficking  the stories i hear all ac…
rt  sbpdchief  there is a report of a shooting at northpark elementary  large police response  please stay out of the area  more info to fo…
fake news is what this all boils down to  extremist liberal groups like latino rebels  who claim to  cause trouble…
in just one year   potus  working w/  housegop delivered on his promise to make america great again  maga   sotu 
as g a10 s voice in congress  i believe it s incredibly important for me to remain engaged in conversations about t…
proud to attend al smith dinner in  nyc  tonight with  cardinaldolan and  speakerryan  great event for charity honoring american icon 
happy birthday marines – thankful for your 241 years of defending our freedom and this nation  usmc semper fi
joining  wdak at 8 06 to talk iran  north korea and rolling back dodd-frank  be sure to tune in 
happy san jacinto day   otd  in 1836  gen  sam houston and the texian army  defeated santa ana s army and won our ind…
right now ➡️ i m live with  lynnwoolley to chat about the first republican baseball practice of the season this mor…
rt  housecommerce  live now  sub energy and sub environment convene hearing on  fiscal year 2019 nuclear regulatory commission budget  &gt &gt  h…
rt  cnbc  just in  at&t announces it will  pay a special  1 000 bonus to more than 200 000 at&t u s  employees  due to tax reform passage a…
rt  jecrepublicans  chairman  reperikpaulsen spoke today on  bsurveillance with  tomkeene about our new report on how tax reform and reg re…
gun control advocates like to throw up their hands and say  no one wants to come take your guns   2nd amendment sup…
rt  natresources  🚨live  full committee markup
great to meet with the student officers of the  jaycounty_ffa this morning during their visit to the capitol  these…
more and more small-business owners are feeling confident after the tax cuts and jobs act →
rt  houseagnews  members from across the country agree - america needs a farm bill  from farm policy to nutrition  to conservation and rese…
rt  demarest_colin  and the sc list grows  us rep  ralph norman   repralphnorman  has joined us sens  lindsey graham  tim scott  and us rep…
president trump addressed the  gop retreat in pennsylvania  we will create a more prosperous & secure america 
just joined  loudobbs on  foxbusiness re need for  jeffsessions to appoint 2nd special counsel to investigate miscon…
  repmarkmeadows  this hearing will also be an opportunity to learn more about the brightline passenger rail projec…
our entire nation mourns the passing of this great woman  and we pray for the entire bush and pierce families 
 ericshawntv  foxnews  potus  realdonaldtrump  jeffmason1 eric thanks for having me on the show today about moving…
with more than 29 million small businesses in america  employing over 47% of private sector employees in the us  sm…
rt  scactionnetwork   i want to make sure every child in america has the same opportunities   —  repkevinyoder invest in kids  jnj 
always great to check in with our  usmc detachment protecting our embassy in beirut  we salute all deployed person…
taxpayers are already seeing more money come their way thanks to the tax cuts & jobs act  as dozens of companies ha…
the committee has adopted a manager s amendment  offered by chairman  robert_aderholt   to the agriculture bill on…
watch our press conference live ⬇️
the eld mandate has been delayed another 90 days for live-load truckers  it s welcome news  but i continue to belie…
in brief  we authorized the 4th ford-class aircraft carrier  expanded procurement of the littoral combat ship  and…
rt  repkevinbrady  proof that america is back in a big way  with the lowest unemployment rate since 2000  this report shows an expanding ec…
i will be joining  koanewsradio this morning at 7 50mt to discuss last nights  co06  town hall  be sure to tune in  🎙📻
getting ready to kick off tonight s telephonetownhall  but it s not too late to join us  dial 877-229-8493  passco…
the iran deal doesn t keep america or our allies safe & rewards bad behavior  through sanctions and maximum pressur…
passed →  fy18ndaa 
watch  virginiafoxx talk  prosper  and higher education act reform on  cspan s newsmakers →
  repadamschiff s memo does not disprove that politically funded documents were used as evidence in court  my full…
happy thanksgiving  please join me in thanking our men and women in uniform serving our country  and their families 
great to be on the mall  which is open  at the national world war ii memorial to discuss schumer shutdown 
on the  housefloor  i speak in support of h r4293--improvement to the  stress test  for banks  the standards can…
senator schumer and the democrats are holding the country hostage over amnesty for illegal immigrants  this is absurd  schumer shutdown
visited our passaic county first responders  waynetownshipnj fire company 3 wetdown 
thank you  ivankatrump for facilitating yesterday s discussion on human trafficking  there s strong support for…
my statement on the release of the house intelligence committee s memo regarding the foreign intelligence surveilla…
  samspressshop happy birthday to my friend and american hero  rep  sam johnson  may this next year be filled with…
happy first day of school  dekalbschools  wishing you a great first day & an even better school year  back to school
dave goodin  ceo of bismarck-based  mduresources  marked the company s 50th year of nd operations & 70th year as a…
stand up for the 2nd amendment  gun control doesn t reduce crime  it makes crime worse  more in my labrador letter 
rt  fla_pol  matt gaetz  carlos curbelo  darren soto lead marijuana research bill via  scottfist fla pol
grateful for quick response by law enforcement to shooting at florida high school  my thoughts are with the victims and their families 
marino shares story of kidney cancer at  davita dialysis center via  dailyitem
the house has passed the right to try act  which gives terminally-ill patients  who have limited treatment options …
working to ensure vets credit ratings are not negatively affected by bureaucratic failures of va…
merry christmas  🎄🎁
the uranium processing facility  upf  at  y12nsc is critical to sustaining our nuclear arsenal  i enjoyed getting t…
this week  congress returned to washington with a full to-do list after thanksgiving  while there is a lot on our p…
rt  patrickmchenry  good to hear  please join me in keeping  georgehwbush in your prayers as he continues to recover  41
just returned from the white house where  potus declared the opioidcrisis a nationwide public health emergency to…
rt  housegop  here s the problem  our current tax code is broken  here s the solution → the tax cuts & jobs act  1182more
hey cedarville  tomorrow  my staff will be at cedarville public library for my mobile office at 11am ct …
this week   aipac has its annual policy conference promoting the bilateral relationship between the united states a…
millions of americans are reaping the benefits of taxreform  and now it s time for robust regulatory reforms  like…
rt  morganabc11  happening now  these  ftbraggnc families going home with free cribs thanks to delta   reprichhudson and the  usoofnc  abc…
earlier this month  i accepted the  acuconservative award for conservative achievement cc …
it s international womens day - a time to recognize the countless women working to make our world a better place  i …
an honor to have ret  four-star gen  jack keane speak w/ rpc ab current foreignpolicy and nationalsecurity issues 
rt  reparrington  unfortunately  fdr s thoughts on cont d dependence on gov t relief has come true – generational dependence on welfare has…
rt  houseforeign  chairman  repedroyce statement on secretary of state rex tillerson
  redcross  every 2 seconds someone in us needs blood  find a drive near you & save a life  national blood donor month
join us tonight beginning at 7 20 p m  edt for our seventh  va05  interactive town hall meeting of 2018  dial-in   8…
april is autism awareness month  the federal government reports that 1 in 68 children have some form of autism  mak…
february is national heart month  know your numbers to make sure you stay heart healthy 👉🏻https //t co/qbcu0w1gkp
it s time for the senate to follow the house and swiftly pass the pain-capable unborn child protection act …
rt  asburyparkpress  joint base mcguire-dix-lakehurst has been chosen to receive the\next generation of air refueling tankers 
 to support a 21st century population & economy  there needs to be greater availability of 21st century technologie…
rt  housegop  rt if you agree it s time to end trafficking 
we will never forget 
i was saddened to hear about the passing of renowned oklahoma journalist and political commentator mike mccarville 
watch live → as i chair this important hearing on  fema hurricane relief funding 
tomorrow w&m will hear from americans about how tax reform is helping families  creating jobs  and propelling our e…
in agriculture full committee public hearing on the state of the rural economy with  usda  secretary purdue
rt  joaquincastrotx   it s imperative that the united states stands with the united kingdom and our international partners in signaling res…
only a select few americans have answered the call to defend our great nation  as we observe veterans day  let s re…
thank you for coming and sharing about the work you all are doing 
natural resource hearing on hr520 to efficiently develop domestic sources of minerals & mineral materials of strategic/critical importance
breaking  the house just passed the stop school violence act  read more about this legislation here ➡️…
so great the house passed budget today  1st step toward real tax reform  what does it mean   4k for an average family  sweet  
 newsradio930  serenamarsh  repbrianhiggins  astoneabcnews tune in to wben at 7 20  i ll be joining brian and susan
for a section by section summary of the tax cuts and jobs act  click here 
spoke with bbc about the ahca yesterday 
the online irs tax calculator is now updated to reflect changes the tax cutsand jobs act made to the tax code  use it…
rt  sdjfnc   breaking  the community hero of the month award declared by  repmarkwalker was presented to our founder  portia shipman  today …
rt  catszeltner    ppact & other abortion providers are getting a tax giveaway -- but  reppittenger is trying to put a stop to it with his…
the tides of washington come and go  but family is forever  it is with this in mind that speaker ryan has decided t…
rt  housebudgetgop  announcement from house budget committee chairman  repdianeblack ↓
every child deserves access to a quality education  great to see  betsydevosed and hundreds of students at today s…
rt  heardonthehill    repjoebarton &  usrepmikedoyle intro ed bill to expand cap police memorial fund to go to officers injured on duty htt…
according to a survey done by  shopfloornam  optimism among small manufacturers has reached a historic-level of 94 …
chairman  repmccaul s bipartisan legislation  h r  3359  still awaits senate floor passage  this legislation will e…
  gatoty2016 thanks for your question 
thank you to the leaders in champaign for showing me their plans for the proposed expansion of illinois terminal 
chairman  petesessions welcomes  hascrepublicans chairman  mactxpress and ranking member  repadamsmith to testify on  ndaa  
rt  houseforeign  chairman  repedroyce meets with rohingya leader abdul rasheed &  fortifyrights to get an update on burma
this morning i was saddened to learn of the death of rev  billy graham  an unparalleled faith leader  rev  graham h…
wow   nikhil raghuraman of  myccs is 1 of 3 in the world to get a perfect score on the ap calculus test   he  not o…
celebrate national park week by visiting one of our three stunning parks in southwest washington  fort vancouver na…
rt  rephartzler  hearing from two former sec of homeland defense and the first commander of cyber command  gen keith alexander  who warned …
looking forward to meeting with nebraskans this morning in bridgeport  i hope you can stop by and join the discussi…
thanks to  theciab for having  repjoshg and me speak about the problem solvers caucus at their legislative summit 
 2/2  everything that s happened since then has proven that to be true   realdonaldtrump is putting together a smar…
yesterday  my glens falls regional director presented a congressional record certificate to  binleyflorist in queen…
release  support grows for the american space commerce free enterprise act
i appreciate y all taking the time to meet with me 
  potus mentions doubling standard deduction  which particularly benefits constituents in my district  tax cut and jobs act  sotu 
some good news for taxpayers  my bill with  repdelbene to protect taxpayers from identity theft approved by…
i ll see you on the  kennedynation show tonight live at 8 eastern  will she get sassywithmassie  
thanks to all who joined me at my ada town hall  i enjoyed our conversation & always appreciate hearing your questi…
the bipartisan working group to end domestic violence will be an important forum for ideas for legislation and othe…
for the record  i m currently at work in my office inside the cannon house office building - i m not in the rose garden at the  whitehouse
on january 2  1788  georgia became the 4th state admitted to the union  happy birthday  georgia 
 congress s number one responsibility is to provide for the defense of this nation  it is this bill that fulfills t…
the  housejudiciary committee voted in favor of the usa liberty act by a bipartisan vote of 27-8  we must find the…
1  the ndaa fully-funds a pay raise for our dedicated military service members  2/
rt  foxnews    jim_jordan   there has to be more  to the story of why fbi agent was kicked off mueller s team
please stay safe this week as rough weather makes its way across the state  make sure to check in on neighbors and stay safe 
icymi  infrastructure is critical to our economy  and our ports of entry should be modernized to make travel in our…
i m proud to have such a fine institution in my district  mo07 
icymi  i penned a joint op-ed with ana paula tavares  executive director and vp of  audubonny  urging my colleagues…
 natlhydroassoc  the myth is hydropower is tapped out  that s not the case  g o p energy solutions
thank you  mr  speaker  hr 228 is now one step closer to getting signed into law 
rt  kimstrassel  we now know how right  realdonaldtrump was to declassify the memo  it shows fbi used a partisan campaign document to get a…
the president s comment disparaging impoverished nations was wrong and inappropriate  as someone who grew up in a b…
rt  mhowardrn  thank you  replarrybucshon for taking the time to meet with some great  indianaena nurses for  enaorg e n ain d c  way to go l…
for this week s connectto congress   we discuss the iran deal  north korea  and my bill to assist the quincy americ…
glad to see my friends commissioner franks and newly-elected arkansas bankers association chairwoman cathy owen tod…
today s cha hearing on  collections stewardship at the  smithsonian  is streaming live now  smithsonian
look who just qualified for state    yay nash  proudaunt
rt  live5news  rep  mark sanford holding in-person office hours in the lowcountry monday chsnews
icymi   farmbureau  is calling on all members of congress to support house judiciary committee chairman…
rt  senjohnmccain  important op-ed by  hascrepublicans chairman  mactxpress   congress keeps holding military funding hostage 
rt  foxnewsinsider  gop lawmaker  repscottperry blasts  1 3t spending bill  no one could have read it before voting  harrisfaulkner  outnum…
chairman  usreprodney  those who serve and fight for our freedom deserve peace of mind during and after they leave…
rt  reparrington  the 2018 farm bill makes a significant investment in rural infrastructure  specifically broadband  our legislation seeks…
honored to receive  frcaction s  true blue  award for scoring a perfect 100% on votes they scored in 1st session of…
congratulations to my good friend andrew johnson on signing with the university of oregon  where it is negative 20…
day 12 for 31 reasons4 tax reform→ our broken tax code creates uncertainty for families & smallbiz 
today  i met idaho  4h ambassadors who are in dc to attend the 4-h national convention and make presentations to d…
providing a deterrence against the continued use of these weapons is in the vital national security interest of the…
 terrorists are not merely criminals  they are unlawful enemy combatants  and when captured overseas  they should…
2 samuel 1 26  i am distressed for you  my brother jonathan  you have been very pleasant to me  you love to me was…
rt  gopleader  if you can t fly then run  if you can t run then walk  if you can t walk then crawl  but whatever you do you have to keep mo…
flashback  chairman walker obtained a commitment for a vote on a balanced budget amendment in october 
the house has undertaken several initiatives to support our small businesses  including improving affordable access…
 vladimirovputin outsiders  like me have opinions but that question should be determined by vote of those people  self determination=peace
patients families & doctors should be making medical decisions  not washington dc  time to start over w/ a…
i enjoyed spending friday afternoon touring port panama city with the port director wayne stubbs  deputy director c…
thx to all those who joined me at last night s town hall in athens  i appreciated the opportunity to take questions…
rt  jessicagavintv  congressman  boblatta tours the multi-million dollar expansion   the findlay  whirlpoolcorp plant   eranwlio catches up…
proud that this innovative and life-saving company calls warsaw home 
i really enjoyed hearing from secretary of state rex tillerson during the house foreign affairs committee hearing l…
rt  houseappropsgop  live at 10 am   secretaryperry appears before  congmikesimpson and the energy & water subcommittee to testify on the f…
yesterday james comey told  bretbaier he had shared his memos with not one  but three people  he had never disclose…
rt  ghtcoalition  congressman  tomcoleok04 at ghtc s innovating for impact awards  globalhealth r&d is absolutely the right and smart thin…
tax cuts and jobs act is headed to the  potus for his signature  great news for the american people 
rt  houseagnews  house members from across the country praise 2018 farm bill  congressmangt  repbobgibbs  repabraham  rephartzler  reprickcr…
while not all of them will qualify for benefits  all of these people deserve an answer in a timely fashion 
rt  austinscottga08  the months between april & august are some of the busiest for constituents visiting washington  d c  my office is able…
thank you  repbrianbabin for discussing transportation issues that impact ohio ag industry   ofbfdc18  farm forum…
i just voted to support  hr1865  - allow states and victims to fight online sex trafficking act  which will enhance…
happening now  chairman  petesessions is on the  housefloor managing the rule for h r  1  the tax cuts and jobs act  watch live on  cspan
members had only hours to review a 2 000-plus page spending bill crafted in a process seriously lacking transparenc…
 potus  s signing of the allow states and victims to fight online sex trafficking act  fosta  yesterday is a major…
our country is better because of mrs  bush  she will always be missed  but she will never be forgotten 
make sure to read the editorial in today s  findlaycourier on self-driving cars and the future of mobility  ohio is…
rt  repbradwenstrup  today at 10am   housevetaffairs hearing on va choice legislation  watch here →
testified this am before the interior appropriations subcommittee on interior  environment  and related agencies f…
statement  president trump s executive order will improve mental health care for our veterans - learn how  
rt  waysandmeansgop  after tax day – with the frustration of dealing with the irs fresh in our minds – now is the perfect time to vote on l…
this reservoir is a critical step forward to restore our lagoon & beaches  & we cannot afford to wait another two y…
under the tax cuts and jobs act  the vast majority of northern california residents will save money  that s why i s…
americans rightly expect washington to do the best for our veterans  social security is no exception 
i support the targeted and decisive action taken by the united states to neutralize the syrian chemical weapons pro…
today i provided a congressional update to  greenecountyoh board of commissioners  specifically combatting…
it was a great honor to be with so many north texas veterans in grapevine this weekend at our 6th annual veterans f…
rt  vvdailypress   valomalinda mulling transit line to the high desert  an expansion being championed by  reppaulcook
happy mothers day to all the moms in  tx25  and around the world  moms have the toughest job there is  and deserve a…
i spoke out against the president s unconstitutional actions on immigration today  watch here -&gt 
mrs  schlafly helped launch the pro-life/family movement  she knew conservative principles would protect american families & inspire us all 
rt  kimstrassel  a reckoning for the fbi
 marthadebry  housecommerce  potus six years is the longest extension of chip in the program s history  — l l 
i had a great time today participating in the 38th annual st  patrick s day parade in downtown indianapolis  it s a…
happy easter to you and your family 
rt  nrha_advocacy  we are joined at the botanic gardens by  repadriansmith to discuss health care throughout rural nebraska n r h a policy201…
lyme disease is an often misunderstood and complex illness  both of these factors make curbing lyme disease a far m…
there are currently 6 1 million open jobs in the u s  it s time to help our neighbors in need get the training they…
today s proposed  hhsgov rule harps on what we already know is true  obamacare failed to provide affordable  acces…
happy national ag day  i still hold close the principles that i learned from my time in 4-h  & appreciate the dedica…
did you know or scheduled its i-5  i-205 bridge tolling advisory committee mtg  mon  11/20   8 30am  read about my…
enjoyed speaking w/  in05  residents from carmel  fishers  indy  westfield & noblesville last night at my  connect w…
in next 10 min i ll be on house floor paying tribute to surf legend/filmmaker bruce brown
my full statement on president trump s afghanistan speech 
the tax cutsand jobs act is providing much needed taxrelief for families in  nc10   visit to…
rt  liveaction  tolerance begins with protecting the right to life of every person  watch  lilagracerose s prageru video 
icymi  small-business confidence hits record high in 2018 because of taxreform  tx07 
rt  housejudiciary  looking forward to  diamondandsilk dropping in at next week s hearing  watch it live on our site 
watch  chairman  repmccaul talks latest on austin bombings on  cnnsitroom with  wolfblitzer 
rt  nhc_atlantic  urgent warning about the rapid rise of water on the sw fl coast with the passage of irma s eye  move away from the water…
it s always a pleasure to meet with members of the  ohiofarmbureau  this morning  we discussed the upcoming farm bi…
tax reform is making a real difference for families and for workers right here at home in  tx08   check out how don…
this bill is just the start of protecting our interconnected waterways in florida  for our environment  recreation…
rt  repkevinbrady  tomorrow is the last time you and your family will have to file taxes under a 32-year-old complicated tax code  starting…
rt  houseagnews    rodneydavis  we have choice---we can vote with 82% of the electorate who support these policies [people should be workin…
rt  beltonisdadvaca   judgecarter recognizes and speaks with our  beltonisd students  he advises them  to take chances   you ll never know…
  senatortimscott was on house ways and means  senate finance  and tax conference committee  there is no one who wo…
mr  waltich s service in wwii  along with all those who braved the battle  secured the freedom and liberty of all t…
  fcc has proposed a new rule prohibiting certain telecom carriers from buying  huawei products after  sentomcotton…
great to meet deputy prime minister of kosovo  hashimthacirks yesterday to discuss u s /kosovo relations 
rt  healthylakes  rep   boblatta is standing up for the  glri  and the great lakes  story via  limanews
rt  speakerryan  signed important legislation today to help our veterans at the va  next stop for this whistleblower protection act → the  …
headed on your world with  teamcavuto in a few to talk about the house s russia probe  consider tuning in 
thanks to  repalexmooney for talking about the financial choice act tonight  the senate needs to pass this important legislation into law 
watch  about to speak on the house floor on how tax reform will help hard-working individuals and families  click t…
the national association of professional background screeners  napbs  provides employment and background screening s…
weekly republican address from tom mcclintock  trade means freedom & prosperity  watch it here   tpa 
update  the  va06  staff open door meeting scheduled for wednesday morning in front royal is cancelled due to the we…
on this tax day  let s hear directly from the states on the tax cutsand jobs act  sheffer corporation s ceo and pre…
i m heartbroken by the fatal and senseless shooting in parkland  florida this afternoon  my thoughts are with all…
i stand with a group of my democrat and republican colleagues on the house floor in support of the usa rights act …
last year   realdonaldtrump promised to extinguish isis from the face of the earth  under his leadership  isis is o…
 even if israel has to stand alone  israel will stand  but i know america stands with israel   -benjamin netanyahu tcot
home ownership strengthens our communities  good discussion with realtors from around tx-24 on this important part…
rt  edworkforce   you t**** animals  you educate people   never let  virginiafoxx catch you using the t-word  here s why ↓
rt  senatorrisch  met with two precious lobbyists who asked for my support on their bills  his bill exempts minors from paying taxes  no ta…
happy passover to all those who celebrate  i wish you a happy  peaceful  and prosperous day 
do you need assistance from my office  my staff will hold  ne03  mobile offices this week in benkelman  trenton  fra…
thank you  okfarmbureau for inviting me to participate today  oklahoma ag producers are grateful for your hard work 
meeting eastern kentucky students today who are working on their nursing degrees at…
excited to welcome the national barber museum back to canal winchester  it s unique experiences like this one that…
russia s use of a nerve agent in great britain is completely unacceptable and i commend the white house for expelli…
the concerning inconsistencies in james comey s story continue to add up  the latest  director comey told congres…
the russian shell company goal   chrissalcedotx   is to suppress us energy markets  this is unacceptable 
time to end p c  attacks on christopher columbus  condemn vandalism vs  columbus statues & show respect for italian-american community 
thank you to our military spouses  who serve and sacrifice for this great nation  today  we celebrate these heroes…
rt  jenjudson  and our  militarytimes investigation of aviation mishaps got a shoutout in the chairman s mark summary regarding its finding…
icymi  i joined  lindseygrahamsc   senatortimscott   repsanfordsc   repjeffduncan   tgowdysc   repralphnorman …
rt  presssec  charter/spectrum just raised the minimum wage for its 94 000 employees to  15/hour because of the trump tax cuts  still uncle…
rt  prlaorg_ga  thanks  repcharliedent for joining us & thanks  donjuanmexgrill for hosting this morning s  prlaorg / restaurantsact resta…
in today s  journalsentinel -- sensenbrenner  comprehensive tax reform benefits everyone
texas railroad commissioner ryan sitton   we are not running out of fuel   see more here 
rt  houseforeign  kim jong un s desire to talk shows sanctions the administration has implemented are starting to work
it s good to have you back   stevescalise 
had a great conversation in york about tax reform and the need to connect people not currently in the workforce wit…
an attack on our election is an attack on our democracy  i applaud the new sanctions on russia  and will continue…
pm netanyahu addressed a joint meeting of congress today  the 2nd foreign leader to address congress on 3 occasions
tune in now to hear me discuss with  varneyco on  foxbusiness my bill that would enable the irs to create an online…
tonight the house passed hr 2547 and hr 2258 to expand employment opportunities for veterans  proudtosupportveterans
breaking  nonpartisan watchdog rules obamacare reinsurance scheme unlawfully diverting billions from taxpayers
today is tax reform tuesday - we delivering you tax cuts for christmas  right now the house is debating the final le…
best of luck to all of our  wi08  cheese makers participating in the world championship  cheesecontest next month 
wreath laying at the central texas state veterans cemetery  this holiday season  i am thankful for the many blessi…
today  the president submitted the largest rescission package in history  and the house will soon pass it  this is…
the former natalie burkholder  now natalie foster  and her family visited our office today while on their trip arou…
happening now  gerry town hall where we are discussing the military strike on syria  the farm bill  trade and more…
veterans day is a time to come together to honor and thank those who have and continue to serve our country  thank you for your service 
to commemorate pearl harbor remembrance day  i laid a wreath earlier today at the wwii memorial in washington  d c …
the panel is a unique resource allowing our veterans from every county in maine s 2nd district to convey their idea…
 gatechmet02 defeating the motion to go to conference would have eliminated any opportunity to improve the bill  an…
rt  woodtv  us  repfredupton talks about lawmakers  movement on school safety solutions 
icymi  thousands of constituents joined me last night to discuss some of the important issues facing our nation  li…
  repdebdingell & i demand sec tillerson do everything in his power - diplomatic&legal - to protect our great lakes 
great to speak to members of the  wachamber today with  repbeatty  thanks for joining us   colleennbc4 
appreciate  flgovscott meeting w/our bipartisan delegation  focus is on helping floridians get relief they need to…
2018 farm bill ag  al03 
rt  johnhendel  house small business committee chairman  repstevechabot is supporting this week s fcc and commerce department actions aimed…
rt  covnews    congressmanhice says his staff is ready to serve the people of the 10th district  all you need to do is ask 
happy 151st birthday  nebraska  check out these photos of our state through the years from  librarycongress collec…
the discussion draft  to amend title xix of the social security act to provide for medicaid coverage protections fo…
great job by  realdonaldtrump in securing the release of american prisoners in north korea  equally important is th…
celebrating ability as we raise awareness on world down syndrome day  with over 400 000 americans living with down sy…
rt  housegop  the flags of the  uscapitol are lowered to half-staff to honor the courageous men & women of america s law enforcement who ga…
rt  repbobgibbs  i m very encouraged by the  whitehouse s infrastructure proposal as it relates to streamlining permitting processes  incl…
another reminder the threat of terrorism is real 
duke survey  optimistic biz execs to boost hiring  wages in wake of tax reform tax cutsand jobs act
productive discussion with small business leaders of centerton  i enjoyed listening to their stories about how…
we ve made progress in funding critical opioid prevention and treatment programs as well as assisting law enforceme…
rt  bgov   i ve found that the more intellectual thought you put into a program at the beginning  the better the outcome will be  -  mactho…
i attended a community dinner in valatie to highlight stride s adaptive sports program  stride empowers individuals…
the house just passed  hr3298  to allow  capitolpolice memorial funds to be given to officers injured on the job  li…
we ve seen a lot this week  but in the face of it all  i ve seen even more hope  hurricane harvey - don t mess with…
joining  varneyco this morning on  foxbusiness  commenting on the austin bombings & more  tune in at 8 15am central 
at 3 pm the committee will meet on  -hr 1638 - iranian leadership asset transparency act -hr 4324 - strengthenin…
decision to withdraw is the right call  we must return to a strategic policy that holds iran accountable for its s…
beautifully said  president and barbara bush are teachers and models for their family and our nation  too 
learn more about our nation s service academies and how to apply on my website 
always encouraged to see american allies take action to support our efforts to destabilize iran s influence in the…
looking for a summer internship  apply for one of the openings in my washington  d c   sioux falls  rapid city  or…
rt  mariodb  thanks  vernbuchanan  rephastingsfl for hosting a fl delegation mtg w gov scott   ag comm putnam on the state s irma recovery…
teachers have a tremendous impact on our kids on a daily basis  & their job consists of far more than simply educat…
happy birthday tinker air force base  i had the opportunity to celebrate tinker s 75th anniversary with…
positiveachievements
thanks  ew_unt  gmg 
saddened to wake up and see so many innocent lives lost in the terrorist attack in orlando 
rt  housegop  tax reform is making our country  ✅ economically stronger ✅ more prosperous ✅ competitive ✅ a place where the american dream…
rt  chcanys   reptomreed visited  flchfped this week to learn more about expanding access to health care through telehealth technology  htt…
calling into the demaio report with carl demaio today at 5 30  pst   kogo 600 am radio to give an update on all things dc  tune in   
rt  usarmycentral  texas congressmen  reprwilliams and john carter visited camp arifjan  kuwait last week to learn more about usarcent s c…
had a great meeting with the  idahopotato commission this week  we discussed shared priorities for one of the pilla…
rt  hascrepublicans  live at 10 edt  hasc hearing on dod budget request w/ chairman  mactxpress  secdef   cjcs   gendunford watch here 
happy 110th birthday   usarmyreserve  u s a r birthday110
september 11th was america s darkest day but in so many ways our finest hour  never forget 
today from  lowes  employees will receive bonuses of up to  1 000 and benefit packages will be expanded as a result…
more action is needed to address hezbollah s drug trafficking activities 
it s taken the doj over 5 months to produce only a few thousand documents to congress--yet as of today  they still…
rt  senatemajldr  the status quo is unacceptable  the pain caused by obamacare is real for millions of americans  we must repeal and repla…
one year ago today  justice neil gorsuch was sworn in as the 113th supreme court justice of the united states  i am…
remembering my first job pumping gas at a convenience store as i tour  kwiktrip today in st  cloud  n a c s in store
new time  this afternoon s subcommittee on health legislative hearing will now begin at 3 30  you can stream it her…
yesterday i was on  afrnet s washington watch w/  tperkins  pres of  frcdc  to discuss debt limit and needed reform 
the stock market figured out how bad this deal is  we should pass a one week clean cr and re-open negotiations 
rt  repcleaver  a kansas schoolgirl who became an american hero  grateful to linda brown for standing up to injustice and moving a stubborn…
the committee will reconvene at 8 30 pm  
read rep   justinamash s release the memo thread 
today we celebrate world autism awareness day  i m proud to light it up blue & promote a greater understanding and acce…
rt  waysandmeansgop  what did chairman  repkevinbrady have to say about import tariffs against china and tax reform  check it out 
today  i met with members of the professional firefighters association of nj  we discussed many issues that impact…
this week in nebraska the wind blew ferociously  i still saw farmers in the fields  here s a chance to plow throu…
rt  ajansa  congratulations to  leonardboswell for receiving the first decatur county distinguished service award  cc  grantwoodard   billm…
rt  housegop  the tax cutsand jobs act is making a real and lasting impact  ✔ americans are seeing bigger paychecks  ✔ families will benefit…
i encourage democrats in the senate to fund  chip  for our kids and give our men and women in uniform the funding th…
tomorrow the house will vote on the dhs appropriations act of 2015  rt if you want to defund obama s amnesty  tcot
from ap   the pay gains suggest that employers are increasingly competing for a limited pool of workers  raises ste…
april is child abuse prevention month  each year our office partners with the york county children s advocacy cente…
congratulations to i f p d s 1st female sergeant  jessica marley and the promotion of sgt  tim down  sgt  jed lewis a…
we are taking a critical step with this bipartisan legislation to close the trust gap by restoring irs accountabili…
happy mother s day to all the mothers and grandmothers in ohio s second district  this year mothers have a lot to c…
this moment reminds us how much military families sacrifice for our country  april is the month of the military ch…
coming up   househomeland committee members  repjohnkatko   hurdonthehill  and  repgallagher engage in a panel dis…
4 hrs into govt shutdown and nancy pelosi takes the floor to advocate denying our troops their much needed resource…
no budget no pay follows the principles that americans live by  we as members of congress should certainly be no exception 
rt  acglobalenergy  watch now—webcast of gec senior fellow phil cornell s report launch for  strategic oil product stockholding  internatio…
rt  house_democracy  for the grand  house_democracy finale  we welcome ambassador  vloracitaku 
rt  aapchoadvocates  on the hill with  oaahc    aacs_ohio talking to  senrobportman  sensherrodbrown  repstevestivers to fund hep and push…
congressman leonard lance  r-7  will host his 47th in-person town hall meeting from 5 30 p m  to 6 45 p m  on frida…
rt  housegop  just this week alone   waltdisney   jpmorgan  and  starbucks have announced bigger paychecks and plans to invest more in thei…
rt  infrausa    acec_national exclusive intvw w/  repwesterman - a rare combination of legislator and engineer
73 years ago  allied forces stormed the beaches of normandy willing to make the ultimate sacrifice  may we always h…
president maduro rules using brutality & intimidation & we will not turn a blind eye to the plight of the venezuela…
what a tremendous honor to have the late rev  billy graham lie in honor in the capitol today  reflecting on how one…
🎉 happy new year  happy new tax code  🎉
proud to stand with  roslehtinen and so many others in support of d r e a mers  i will vote for any bill that provides…
check out my latest op-ed on the north american free trade agreement in the texas tribune below 
net neutrality hearing today  housejudiciary on who is best suited to regulate the internet - the  fcc or the  ftc 
rt  lamarsmithtx21  music licensing legislation requires the broad bipartisan support of members and a consensus among stakeholders to win…
why i voted against yesterday s continuing resolution 
more good news   wages rose at the fastest pace in more than eight years  evidence of a consistently healthy job ma…
rt  alsassociation  thank you  repdavidyoung for meeting with  alsaiowa today during a l s hill day18 a l s advocacy
the huge backstory behind all the hiring  reinvestment  bonuses  increases in take-home-pay  and more is this pro-growth  gop  tax reform
 tbt  2006  president george w  bush signs my tvpa reauthorization into law  it s time to pass the frederick douglas…
2017 has been a productive year  this week  i ll be sharing some of our most important legislative accomplishments …
 1/3  on my way to  arlingtonnatl to speak at the unveiling of the vietnam helicopter pilot and crew member monument 
currently at wright park in dunkirk  ny to view the new construction site where renovations are underway  funding p…
i ve been disturbed by this as well   twittergov is treading on dangerous territory by censoring a free press …
rt  diana_marrero  watch live   hurdonthehill discusses his work to strengthen hispanic serving institutions  give the next generation of s…
great day today in van wert county
glad to see other nations showing their support for  israel and joining the u s  by opening their own embassies in…
happy fat tuesday  home state paczkis from  copsdoughnuts are in the office today  fat tuesday
rt  justinamash  joined  kentgop at today s  urbanlggr breakfast to honor the life and legacy of rev  dr  martin luther king jr  we must al…
the gocat facility is a partnership between the city of west plains  missouri state university and the west plains…
proud to help prepare  the_uso care packages on capitol hill for those americans impacted by harvey & irma 
sd has one of the nation s highest rates of working moms  proud to introduce legislation today to help strengthen p…
rt  mansfieldnj  ohio national guard engineers to deploy in support of hurricane irma relief
thanks for having me on this morning 
rt  cnnsotu  tune into  cnnsotu  with  jaketapper this sunday to hear from our panel   ricksantorum  ninaturner  jrpsaki  repgallagher
we must pass this budget  and give our military the adequate funding that they need to do their job 
always a great meeting with  aipac  protecting the us-israeli alliance is critical to fostering peace and security…
 ppl4world glad dod is open to augmenting its weather data  more and better data  more resilience 
last week  i discussed my opposition to faa privatization with michael medved on the  medvedshow no privatized a t c
we are very proud of vashti  aggies do  ncat 
i was honored to attend the meeting of the military officers association of america -bluegrass chapter as they host…
rt  walmart   swim upstream  ignore the conventional wisdom  if everybody else is doing it one way  there s a good chance you can find your…
  daveman1944 thanks for your q  it s a great honor represent ga-1  i went to 15 counties on my tax reform tour …
i proudly cosponsored the bipartisan women in aviation advisory board amendment  which would help encourage more wo…
great to be in charlotte today for coffee hour  thanks to everyone who came out 
up next  on the air with  seanhannity on my decision to subpoena doj for documents requested by  housejudiciary  li…
special thank you to  houseagnews chairman  conawaytx11 for joining our  il16  agriculture advisory committee confer…
rt  waysandmeansgop  in their own words  how obamacare hurts americans of all walks of life  there is a better way 
2/2 members of congress have been working for several years on legislation that would let states enter a compact to…
rt  saltlakecc  thanks to  repmialove for highlighting open slcc in a recent floor speech  the open slcc initiative provides a cost effecti…
in natural resources full committee markup of legislation
via  startribune   local liberians rally to salvage deportation protection program  this…
rt  speakerryan  senate democrats are charging into governmental chaos  they should abandon this reckless shutdown strategy and join the ho…
rt  agr_nebraska  we would like to send a big thank you to congressman adrian smith for visiting with us at the chapter house tonight  it w…
working on the fix to the taxcode section 199a problem – helpful input from the ag community today 
 mrs_schimizzi did you call dc or charlotte  i have  toms  in both places   the fastest way to get a response is n…
rt  financialcmte  our hearing on the financial nexus of terrorism  drug trafficking and organized crime is happening now  chaired by  reps…
rt  westerncaucus  today  50  members and stakeholders called on pres   realdonaldtrump    secretaryzinke   secretarysonny and the  forests…
did you know  fab fours  inc  is one of the largest aftermarket bumper manufacturers in the world  in fact  last de…
good article about the legislation funding  glri  that the appropriations committee is scheduled to take up later to…
rt  dcexaminer  ryan zinke s plan to use energy funds for national park repairs gets bipartisan support in congress
rt  taxreformer  rep  mike kelly  tax reform is making america competitive again
 it s vital that american science and american scientists lead the way into this new era  and these planned investm…
bipartisan legislation i intro d with  repesty to combat human trafficking on our nation s highways was approved by…
happening 🔜  how tax reform will help small businesses grow & create jobs  watch live   10 
today in navarro county and starting my 6th town hall meeting this year  tomorrow i ll be in crowley and ennis …
due to weather conditions my mays landing office will be closed today  my washington office will open at 11am  stay safe south jersey
today is national vietnam war veterans remembrance day  my office was honored to attend the vietnam veterans welcom…
thoroughly enjoyed speaking to leaders in the hoosier community today about my bills the crumbs act and slap act  t…
congratulations  sarah  thank you for your hard work & dedication 
wishing all the moms across the third district a happy mothers day  i m thankful to have a wonderful mom and am prou…
thank you jared for your kind words  the respect is mutual   rephuffman
enjoyed visiting  swopehealth in kck  one of our federally qualified health centers that serves as a patient-center…
rt  speakerryan  another good week for america s workers  ✅ 400 franchise brands announced reinvestment in employees & economy ✅  shopflo…
rt  lilagracerose  the senators who voted against protecting children after 20 weeks  who are fully developed and can feel pain  need to se…
 natresources water hearing today in fresno on california drought c adrought
watch  tune in now - i m speaking at shared solutions summit hosted by the minnesota association of resources for r…
mepolitics
this is unsustainable 
millions of americans are experiencing the benefits of the tax cutsand jobs act   tax reform works
rt  foxbusiness    repbradwenstrup on four-page memo circulating in congress that allegedly reveals fisa abuses within the doj and fbi   ho…
great to meet with you  thanks for the opportunity 
i ll be in falls city this afternoon to meet with nebraskans  looking forward to a great discussion  hope to see yo…
congratulations to  senduckworth and her family on the newest addition to their family  wishing you joy  happiness  and all the best 
house republicans took the first step toward putting america back on the path to a strong and vibrant economy with the tax cuts & jobs act 
release  house approves  housescience chair  lamarsmithtx21 s american space commerce free enterprise act…
rt  edworkforce  foxx announces prosper act markup → on tuesday  december 12 at 10 00am the committee will mark up h r  4508  the promoting…
a beautiful and solemn reminder of all the lives lost on this day 16 years ago never forget
finally at  cfpb is looking out for taxpayers instead of themselves ---&gt 
want to know what s new in ok-2  sign up for my weekly e-newsletter today 
thank you   iwv  i m grateful for your work to empower women everywhere 
our prayers continue for edwin jackson  jeffrey monroe  their friends and family  and the entire  colts organization 
the house passed the allow states and victims to fight online sex trafficking act  fosta   a product of…
rt  warrendavidson  the senate passed their bill  the house has its bills  now it s time to negotiate on a final bill to provide community…
  repmikebishop s  21st century irs act requires the irs to improve cybersecurity and identity protection  especial…
 thehill fbi wants nunes memo blocked from release to the public  there are no national security concerns or method…
rt  hascrepublicans  tac air land hearing  addressing physiological episodes in fighter  attack  and training aircraft - led by chairman  r…
on world meningitis day  alicia stillman from mi was in washington advocating for meningitis b awareness  a lesser k…
 edouardaronson  walshfreedom i don t care who started it  we need out  but the syrian civil war didn t start until after bush left 
i m delighted to welcome more than 100 physicians from across the country to washington to participate in our biann…
 rep  david mckinley  was right to call the denials  particularly offensive   more cover…
 fosta  is a result of meetings with trafficking survivors across the country who have been victimized by the online…
i appreciate  epascottpruitt taking the time to come to riverside county and listening to our farmers and other sta…
thank you so much to the american conservative union for this award  i will continue to fight each and everyday for…
i m about to go live with  mariabartiromo on  foxbusiness  tune in now as we discuss breaking news out of texas
my amendment is now being considered on the house floor  tune in 
rt  enogregr   housecommerce  nhtsagov sub d c c p chair latta s opening highlights opportunity for avs to reduce traffic fatalities  many of…
great to be there today   chopadvocacy
 michaelmelillo  pastificio29 thank you michael for making this point  defeating the motion to go to conference wo…
as a member of the house education and workforce committee  i m working hard to open up a variety of opportunities…
thanks  nancypelosi for endorsing the tax cutsand jobs act  cc   potus  maga  🇺🇸
woweee   what an amazing honor to have been selected by  israel as one of the 70 americans who have made a unique c…
speaking now on the house floor in support of the nuclear waste policy amendments act - bill that takes much-needed…
good to see so many people come out to support our fallen today in laurel 
rt  cspanwj  wed| rep   tomcoleok04  r-ok  will join us to take your calls on the possible government shutdown next month  tune in at 7 30a…
i really hope that  potus  realdonaldtrump finally fires  deptvetaffairs secretary  secshulkin as he will never cle…
tune in to  americanewsroom on  foxnews at 9 10am  i ll be talking to  bretbaier to preview today s house intel hearing with director comey 
4 500 men  women  and children are served by the pioneer center for human services every year  and i am always impr…
if tom clancy were here writing a novel on a trade war  he would note that we are currently experiencing chapter tw…
today  virginia celebrates the life of civil rights pioneer barbara johns who  67 years ago today  led a student w…
more than 3 600 civilian employees work at the  ccadpao  the amendment i introduced today would help protect these…
great turnout at yesterday s immigration town hall in reno  thank you to everyone who came to share their concern…
rt  rulesreps  the flags of the capitol have been lowered to half-staff in honor of our dynamic ranking member  louiseslaughter  she was a…
rt  specnewssa 
  janschakowsky do you also want to tell your constituents that with tax reform a middle-income family of four in y…
rt  savingplaces  we re glad to see this  too -- and thank you   mikekellypa  for your strong  continued support of the historic tax credit …
scenes from this morning s water hearing on water resources projects and policy  infrastructure w r d aworks
just spoke to  liz_wheeler on  oann about tax reform  be sure to tune into her show tonight at 8 p m central 
it is a pleasure and honor to spend the day with the head of the  sbagov   sbalinda  at cleveland s  orlandobaking …
 coacha60  repmarkwalker  potus
on peaceofficersmemorialday we remember and honor those who selflessly gave their lives in the line of duty to pro…
earlier this week  the  financialcmte unanimously passed bipartisan legislation that i wrote with  repsinema 
fly eagles fly
are nancy pelosi democrats for or against illegal immigration  very simple question that needs an answer before a…
rt  washtimes   anyway  thank goodness for rep   jim_jordan — yes   asks  ckchumley rapid reactions best of wash times
just voted to crack down on russia  iran and north korea through new sanctions  these countries are not our friends…
thank you to all the members of law enforcement who keep us safe  your job is difficult  sometimes impossible  you…
rt  speakerryan  live soon→  housegop leadership s first press briefing of 2018  watch 
i am standing up to fight for those with als  a l sadvocacy
our government works best when our leaders work together  yesterday  i sat down with encinitas mayor  cblakespear a…
rt  flotus  welcome to the  whitehouse president  emmanuelmacron and mrs  macron  🇺🇸🇫🇷
 icymi   last week i joined  abc22fox45 in studio to talk about the latest in washington   watch  
today we honor the brave men/women who gave their lives in pursuit of space exploration  the crew of apollo 1  chal…
god bless  ohnationalguard for staying committed to their mission and helping those impacted by harvey and irma 
incredible news&gt &gt   argusleader   walmart employees in south dakota get  2 1 million in cash bonuses  mostly due to…
rt  stevescalise  our rights come from god  so it s only fitting that the house begins each day united in prayer  i m glad this important t…
i am thankful for  potus s work to protect open skies and ensure an open and competitive marketplace for all airlin…
today  potus  realdonaldtrump made clear the united states stands with our strongest ally in the middle east …
 work hours are flexible at  google as long as you attend your meetings and get your work done  g o p future
please join me in keeping deputy shoemate s loved ones in your thoughts and prayers 
the jobs report is out  and the economy added 313 000 jobs in february while the unemployment rate remains at a 17…
rt  lisamarieboothe  i hope you will tune into  foxandfriends tomorrow morning at 9 20 am et on  foxnews for my mother s day interview with…
i am deeply saddened to learn of the passing of former governor zell miller  his leadership has helped generations…
rt  sbalist  pregnancy help centers  offer compassionate care to those who need it the most and should be treasured by the government  not…
more tax reform news  great southern wood in abbeville announced that it will use savings from the tax overhaul to…
happy thanksgiving  we have much to be grateful for on this uniquely american holiday  more in my newsletter …
it was great to see dannie walker from ozark and several other members of the alabama housing authority this aftern…
from aa to swa  from peterbilt to fedex  local businesses are returning value to employees  last night  i spoke on…
we had a great discussion with  jaytimmonsnam  ceo of  shopfloornam  and the hardworking employees at  thermofisher…
if a congressman is trying to convince you that america didn t  get had   give him the benefit of the doubt  maybe he  got had  
as long as we have confidence in our values  faith in our citizens  and trust in our god  we will not fail 
at news conference with teachers head  rweingarten and us black chambers president ron busby opposing cutting of lo…
one of the greatest honors of my professional life has been working with and learning from paul ryan  he did not se…
 nrdems  kanyewest if we did  you would probably oppose it anyways  ¯\_ ツ _/¯
rural america is struggling  i m proud to join with my colleagues to address the challenges rural regions  like the…
small businesses in tennessee are winning under the tax cutsand jobs act via  wsj →
today  congress brought the 2018 omnibus bill to the house floor—a 2 200 plus page bill that was released at 8 30 p…
congrats to officer kristi pace on being named brighton police officer of the year  it was an honor to commend her…
couldn t agree more  and would encourage everyone to add louisiana to your travel list  there s no place like it …
rt  waysandmeansgop  breaking → we have a bipartisan plan to redesign the irs for the first time in 20 years  it s about time  read our dis…
coming up tonight on  wdtn  i sat down with  wdtnmarkallan to talk p e r s i s tagainst m s tact  north korea …
it s not right that veteran groups visiting memorials recognizing their service to our nation have to pay fees to d…
i am relieved that this senseless government shutdown is coming to a close  democrats in the house and senate manuf…
at 10am w&m will host its second hearing in a series entitled  jobs and opportunity  federal perspectives on the jo…
rt  roslehtinen  as hurricane irma approaches florida   rephastingsfl  vernbuchanan   i are leading ltr 2 request addt l    to assist  fem…
statement  house passing budget puts us one step closer to tax reform and a booming economy for every american…
police officers from  pf_police were in town for police week2018  we discussed their latest work and i thanked them…
by giving americans the opportunity to work  we can strengthen our nation s economy & put america back on the road…
to all the south dakota moms on twitter this morning  happy mothers day  
35  of water    it breaks your heart to see people s lives on the curb  my staff and i are tracking projects with t…
i commend  potus for putting congress on notice regarding future bills that spend hardworking american taxpayers  d…
thank you for having me   repfrenchhill 
  housevetaffairs is voting on my legislation to curb opioid addiction among veterans today --&gt 
rt  housegop  rt to agree → 4 million workers getting bonuses is hardly armageddon 
coal utilization research council  us coal provides affordable  reliable electricity  g o p energy solutions
happy birthday to my colleague  friend  and partner in civility   repbeatty 
it looks like there may have been russian collusion last election… involving the dnc and the clinton campaign 
i am a very strong supporter of the second amendment  always have been 
happy national travel and tourism week to the millions of americans in  fl26  & across the u s  whose jobs are suppo…
as we continue to combat the opioidepidemic  the  deahq national prescription drug take back day is another way we…
to my mom betty  my wife janna  and all of the moms out there  happy mothers day 
icymi  listen to our conversation with  rick_sincere on  bearingdrift radio s the score here →…
please do not go to these schools  there are downed and some live power lines at each 
i m looking forward to president trump s first sotu speech tonight  it begins at 8pm central time   sotu2018 
smallbusiness optimism is at an all-time high because of taxreform 
this afternoon  the  houseagnews committee  of which i am a member  released the 2018 farm bill → see my statement…
spent yesterday  nasakennedy learning about the latest in space and rocket tech  and ended the afternoon by watchin…
every human life has dignity  including the lives of those who cannot speak up for themselves  praying for alfie ev…
rt  edworkforce   there are plenty of in-demand jobs available  but individuals with the skills and qualifications needed to fill them are…
real results in washington state because of taxreform  💡  avistautilities is lowering utility rates  ⬆️…
today is law enforcement appreciation day  a time to express our gratitude for those who have answered the call to…
met with aaron holm from shakopee with the amputee coalition to discuss access to care  coverage  and research to i…
lucretia mott was one of the leading voices of the abolitionist and feminist movements of her time  in 1833  mott h…
rt  housebudgetgop   breaking   house passes responsible and balanced budget on the floor 
icymi  the stop act passed the houseof representatives - no more taxpayer-funded sexual harassment settlement for m…
thank you to the 80 employees of wabtec corp  in cedar rapids for your questions  i also appreciated learning about…
last week  my office spoke to the students of calavera hills middle school about the role of government  civic enga…
thank you  landon  for being an engaged member of our community 
for months  the world has watched in horror as defenseless men  women  and children were murdered in cold blood by…
obama used  400 million as leverage for release of am  hostages  aka ransom   this week we vote to prohibit cash payments to iran -period 
we promised and delivered  because of the tax cutsand jobs act  signed by  potus  paychecks are already on the rise f…
on thursday  the water resources and environment subcommittee will hold a hearing on water resources projects and p…
looking forward to cheering on  bakerathletics football today 
rt  whitehouse  under president trump s leadership  small business optimism and the economy have reached historic levels  more 
congratulations and good luck to the nine pennsylvanians and all of  teamusa competing in the pyeong chang2018 olympics 
icymi  my reaction to the  sotu   thank you  realdonaldtrump for honoring ordinary americans who did extraordinary t…
rt  davereichert  yesterday our congressional delegation met with ontario s minister of economic development and mexico s undersecretary fo…
rt  gftrib_kpuckett  blackfeet water compact bill passes house committee   repryanzinke says  previously passed full senate 
rt  speakerryan  today  the  uscapitol flags are lowered to half-staff in honor of our country s law enforcement who have given their lives…
  potus funding bill also makes a down payment on rebuilding our nation s crumbling infrastructure & provides new f…
i support  realdonaldtrump s move to secure our border  it s time to build the wall and deliver for the american pe…
  mrsb1stgraders thanks for your question  ask buddy
excited to introduce → safeguarding america s skies act  which would allow the  thejusticedept and  dhsgov to detec…
rt  repgoodlatte  the house just passed  reptommarino s r e v i e w act to protect americans from high-cost regulations  billions of      👍
happy national ag week to all our hardworking southwest washington farmers 
rt  housejudiciary   breaking   clinton advisor s use of laptop made by a chinese company raises national security concerns 
only a few hours left to cast your vote for the congressional art challenge winner   ar3 
rt  houseappropsgop  the fy18 omnibus makes the largest investment to date - approximately  4 billion - to fight opioid abuse  which  potus…
i was proud to present north allegheny hs  christopher lee with the congressional award silver medal  i look forwar…
thx  tomrooney  we need to continue the fight against lupus so that those impacted have more treatment options and…
i don t trust the president to negotiate in our best interest & voted against giving him more power to do so   tpa 
today is tax day - for the millions of americans that are filing today  or have already filed  there is good news …
human trafficking is a vile crime and a growing problem on the suncoast  congress must pass this bill asap  sayfie
 icymi   foxbusiness  a three-year daca extension isn t going to fix the issue  we should solve the problem for daca…
dr  cynthia teniente-matson has played a tremendous role in making t x23 s texas a&m university-san antonio one of…
 michigantech is hosting the stanley cup on friday  check out for additional info & tix
happy double ten day taiwan 
touring the citrus expo2017 with  secretarysonny
congratulations again to etc  division of  jwfindustries  for its achievement as the northeast oil and gas awards m…
committee leaders  drphilroe  reptimwalz  repjackbergman  repanniekuster just introduced an ehr oversight bill 
we need to remain vigilant in our screening process to ensure that we are verifying the backgrounds of the individuals coming into the us 
this morning at 8 30 et  i ll be on with  mariabartiromo on  foxbusiness to discuss why taxreform s bigger paychec…
historic day for making america great again  house passes biggest tax reform bill in 30 years  visit my website fo…
reminder  my office is currently accepting entries for the 2018 congressional high school art competition  more inf…
rt  houseappropsgop  tune in live --&gt   tomcoleok04 leads a hearing on how facilities & administrative costs support  nih-funded research ht…
rt  houseagnews    conawaytx11  if the u s  is going to remain competitive going forward  we cannot afford to take a back seat to the rest…
u s s cincinnati
today i was honored to welcome fcc commissioner  mikeofcc to western new york  we met w/ county officials to discus…
 natlhydroassoc  hydro plays a critical role in meeting nation s energy  environment  and economic objectives  g o p energy solutions
i am very troubled by  google s treatment of james damore  you shouldn t lose your job for telling the truth  google memo
are up to date on taxreform  make sure to text  tax reform  to 50589 and visit
it s time 
sweeping tax reform has passed the house and is now in the home stretch in the senate  learn why it s good for kent…
rt  waysandmeansgop  hearing  at 10am with  stevenmnuchin1 on president trump s fy19 budget proposals for  ustreasury  tune in live 📺
the music modernization act just passed the house unanimously  music is part of louisiana s heart and soul  and our…
proud to cosponsor  replobiondo s bill which will prohibit drilling off jersey coast & promote healthy beaches & clean oceans oceans day
rt  reppaulmitchell  thank you to  reptomgarrett  repstevestivers and  repsmucker for participating in the college transparency act special…
rt  repdavejoyce  in honor of infrastructure week i led a bipartisan letter to  potus stressing the need to include our nation s schools in…
many have asked my thoughts on healthcare  here is where i stand 
i am committed to ensuring that teachers have the resources they need to make sure our children are prepared to be…
 tomcoleok04 is now managing the rule to provide for consideration of the continuing resolution  watch the  housefloor live on  cspan 
thank you commander coulter and the team at  uscg u s  air station traverse city for the briefing and tour today  i…
congratulations to  justicestras    mn02 
out with the old  in with the new  check out these 5️⃣ways our new tax code  thanks to the tax cutsand jobs act  work…
i have read the memo  the sickening reality has set in  i no longer hold out hope there is an innocent explanation…
rt  financialcmte  2017 was a year for the books with 6 financial services bills passed by the house  senate  and signed by  potus trump in…
i was honored to visit  navseacrane again last week  this center is of vital importance to national security 
the house permanent select committee on intelligence has released a previously-classified memo  you can read it her…
let s invest in our workers  its the best roi  that s why it was vital to get tax dollars back in business and away…
rt  vp  great to meet xavier degroat of michigan w/  repmikebishop  xavier is a courageous advocate for autism awareness and all americans…
last week  team kinzinger welcomed lindsey jensen of  il16  to our  dc  office & presented her with my extension of r…
thank you to the  evergfoundation for joining me in a meeting with water resources & environment subcommittee chair…
rt  helenaironline  trump names zinke s wife lolita to va landing team mtpol  helenaironline
rt  whitehouse  watch the  sotu  live alongside tweets from key trump administration accounts here 
stopped by the morris county festivities at madison bottle hill day 
rt  repmikerogersal  we enjoy the safest  most affordable & most abundant food supply in world largely due to sustained public investment i…
rt  vp    potus   americafirst  agenda has helped create more than 3 million new jobs since the election  and now  the unemployment rate is…
 kusinews  sorry for not sharing with you this morning during the show about going to the prototypes with president…
rt  houseagnews    rodneydavis &  repbost spoke with illinois hhs and the dept  agrees a 2-year transition for implementation of work-train…
a happy and blessed easter to you and your loved ones  he is risen  just as he said 
we need 60 votes in the senate to pass the bill  senate democrats need to stop playing games and do what s right…
rt  soflaopinion   roslehtinen &  senrenegarcia  diluting the accuracy of census2020 through an unnecessary and untimely citizenship quest…
in case you missed it  my interview today with  alivelshi discussing why we need a permanent fix now for our nation…
great job to east jordan high school on being named a national safe sport school 
every single day  the men and women of our law enforcement put their lives on the line to protect our families and…
did you miss the tele-town hall on wednesday  you can catch up by listening to the recording at the link below 
it was an honor to visit capital regional medical center yesterday and meet with the health professionals who do su…
our efforts are not over  we remain committed to serving all of those impacted to our fullest ability   nc06 
another company announcing how tax reform will significantly expand their investments  text  tax reform  to 50589 t…
yesterday  i toured joe pool lake  thanks to kevin ward for showing me around   tx06 
video  today  on the 15th anniversary  we remember 9/11  it changed all of us on that day and we will never forget 
rt  dearbornpatch  ford invests  350m in livonia plant
fbi takes dossier to secret court to get secret warrant to spy on american  fbi did not include recorded bias of…
businesses announce raising the minimum wage and bonuses for their employees after the tax relief bill passes congr…
  secretservice agents put their lives on the line every day  they deserve to be compensated for the hours they wor…
good news  yosemitenationalpark and mariposa are open for business 
the drive-safe act helps local  in09  businesses like  misterpexpress address the labor shortage →…
today  i voted to stop the transfer of dangerous detainees from  gtmo   it s time to put national security first 
cherry blossoms in full bloom today  one of my favorite traditions in dc each year
this is what freedom looks like
rt  seger_305  day 2 of weoples in dc  taking the us capital tour and meeting one of our amazing washington state senators and our outsta…
my statement on the omnibus appropriations bill that includes a number of priorities for upstate new york 
2/2 i m not aware of any active plan to drill off washington or oregon  but i will act to protect our citizens and…
he is risen  happy easter everyone 
connected with  sdsoybean producers this week to discuss trade  the biodiesel tax credit  the upcoming farm bill an…
on pearl harbor remembrance day  hear the story of petty officer barton dale messler  usn of irving  a  tx24  pearl…
happening tomorrow  i invite all students who are interested in obtaining a service academy appointment to attend a…
learn more about this growing problem 
i support smart diplomacy to keep america safe  but we must oppose bad deals that give our enemies a pathway to a n…
glad to visit  bymbda missile systems inc  this morning in h ville where they develop & build missile defense techn…
these police officers men and women  many of whom are veterans  served helped protect our marines and base personne…
rt  mattiemiraclecf  thank you  repchrissmith for supporting the s t a r act  hr 820  for childhoodcancer  kids with cancer and their familie…
today i had the opportunity to question  secnielsen on closing legal loopholes and securing our border  watch here 
today we held a hearing to discuss two bills that would reform the current data security and breach notification re…
rt  nikkihaley  prayers going up for a woman of great faith  great strength  and an unwavering love of country  our country is better becau…
keeping schools safe thru safe u t app now includes the sharing of good things  too  utpol school safety
don t miss our hearing with the  federalreserve chairman starting at 10am et ↓
e&c announces two full cmte markups on legislation aimed at combating the opioid crisis &gt &gt 
 vvdailypress published my op-ed on the national monuments review  take a look 
happening at 6pm  tune in to  3wc 1240 am to hear me talk news of the day with angela  not in the car  listen here 
terrorist attack in nyc  shouting of  allahu akbar  by terrorist  need to figure out his background and whether he has ties to isis 
signed into law today  the allow states and victims to fight online sex trafficking act  fosta  -- landmark legislat…
today s the day  watch live as the  housegop discuss the tax cuts & jobs act  taxreform
thank you   realdonaldtrump  comey and hillary must be investigated 
congratulations to the  grnaacpyc president and executive committee officers  great time at tonight s oath of offic…
i applaud today s senate confirmation of mike pompeo as our new secretary of state  having served with mike  i have…
i m pleased the fy19 energy and water appropriations bill contains funding that will help the federal government me…
members of congress need time to review legislation before we take a vote  our r e a dit resolution gives members of…
rt  vachair  a shining example of a public servant   repbradwenstrup put his life in danger to help save  stevescalise s life in last year …
rest in peace  barbara bush  your life was a blessing to every american  thank you for your service  your leadershi…
this morning i celebrated with bluffton high school for being named a  educatein four star school for academic perf…
mike pompeo s leadership and integrity will serve our nation well as he carries out president trump s vision to re-…
as we continue to learn more about the horrific situation at the high school in parkland  fl  my prayers are with t…
coming from someone fired by this white house and someone who campaigned for roy moore   🤦‍♂️
it was a privilege to join house majority whip steve scalise  chief of staff of the army general milley  & secretar…
today the house stood in solidarity with the iranian citizens fighting for freedom by passing a resolution to cond…
president trump has spent the past year putting america first and ensuring american families are better off than th…
because of the tax cuts & jobs act  a family of 4 in  mi11  will save on average  4 111  that s more money back in t…
rt  repseanduffy  the american economy continues to grow  small business workers saw their wages grow at the strongest rate in 2 years  htt…
voting for the congressional art competition is open until sunday  april 8  view the submissions from tx-26  and th…
rt  sbalist  let s be very clear about this  a vote for alexander-murray  which is not covered by the hyde amendment  would not only be a v…
great time on  foxbusiness last night with  loudobbs to discuss my resolution giving mueller 30 days to show eviden…
i m deeply honored to have the opportunity to dedicate the pacific post office after specialist white 
the funds appropriated by the fy18 omnibus are being used to help the military modernize and make smart decisions s…
313 000 new jobs last month  2 6% wage growth  & highest labor force participation in years- continued economic gro…
rt  vp  welcome news  maximum pressure is working  the american people and our allies know we would not be at this point without the strong…
i toured columbian memorial hospital in astoria this week to learn about the critical services they provide to many…
rt  morningedition  facebook ceo mark zuckerberg will face another day of testimony  this time before two house panels  here s what  repry…
as of today  39 states and dc have already announced plans to pass along tax reform savings to customers—but nj is…
rt  ivankatrump  in case you were wondering… tax reform is working  this month  - 313 000 jobs added - unemployment at a 17 year low fo…
leviticus 18 24 do not defile yourselves by any of these things  for by all these the nation s which i am casting o…
on this tax day  let s hear directly from the states on the tax cutsand jobs act  virginia -  this is an opportunit…
congratulations to  tom_fanning_ag1 for being named cattleman of the year by  okcattlemen 
packed house as we discuss tax cuts for america with  americafirstpol   repkhandel  reprobwoodall
discussing my new conservative immigration reform bill at 4 50 pm mt with  nateshelman on  kboi670 & at 6 08 pm m…
on this presidents day  the words of abraham lincoln ring true   with malice toward none  with charity for all  wit…
we re on verge of finally overhauling our broken tax code & putting american taxpayer first while igniting…
online personal sections have long been misused for the illicit sale of men  women  and children  thanks to the rec…
america continues to stand with israel  may god bless the embassy move  this is a great day for israel  america  an…
rt  leoshane    mactxpress now blasting  short-sightedness  by trump admin in not letting mattis testify before hasc  says mattis deserves…
business is booming in georgia  and the good news just keeps coming  glad to see that top polymer enterprise will b…
it s national lineman appreciation day  thank you to the hardworking men and women who work on our electrical grid…
rt  bangordailynews  lawmakers push for va to pay maine hospitals overdue payments
 in world war ii  the japanese said iwo jima would last a thousand years  we raised a flag on it in three days   fo…
rt  repcurbelo    repcurbelo at  aipac2018  this morning   today  we celebrate a nation that — even as it faces down the threat of war and t…
yesterday i sent a letter to  usacehq requesting advanced measures along the lake ontario shoreline to help protect…
rt  aar_freightrail  thank you  repsanfordsc for dropping by the rayburn foyer to experience the technology pushing freight rail forward  …
rt  walkerpolice  in walker  watch for water on the roadways  carrol drive from the bridge to n  corbin  pendarvis ln just east of 3 lakes …
  usreprodney  i m pleased this bill targets funding for the  us_fda s food  pharmaceutical and medical device safe…
attn high schoolers  if you are interested in pursuing appointments to the united states service academies  as well…
rt  brazoriacounty 
iran continues to play the troublemaker in the region  foment unrest and threaten its neighbors  deal or no deal  w…
via  hometownsource  paulsen introduces bill protecting taxpayers  preventing identity theft
on friday  i had the opportunity to surprise wakulla county middle school teachers katrina roddenberry and melissa…
not if we have anythnig to say about it ➡️https //t co/ll7whpi8kw cc   markwarner  timkaine  repscotttaylor…
the knights of columbus in winterset sure know how to put on a fish fry  i stopped by last week and had some great…
 the contentious tax overhaul is beginning to deliver a change that many will welcome — bigger paychecks  …
rt  patriciamazzei  two other miami republicans   mariodb and  roslehtinen  have also signed on
6 you will see more  made in america  
wondering how the tax cuts and jobs act will impact your family  learn more here 
day 3 for 31 reasons4taxreform → americans at every income level deserve to keep more of their paychecks 
pleasure to throw out the first pitch for the  pirates today  america s pastime on the beautiful suncoast - doesn t…
are you excited for the solar eclipse tomorrow  check out the guide  nasa put together for it ➡️
happy birthday to the  usnavy and thank you to all our brave sailors  especially those stationed at n a s lemoore  🇺🇸⚓
the va has finally awarded the contract to expand and renovate patient care areas of james a  haley veteran hospita…
great to tour  fiatchrysler_na warren plant today  their decision to relocate ram heavy duty truck production from…
 to forget would be not only dangerous but offensive  to forget the dead would be akin to killing them a second tim…
rt  repdavidyoung  tax relief is working for iowa families  small businesses are investing in our communities and our economy is growing  …
 3/3  to the families who are experiencing unthinkable loss this morning  we stand with you and will be praying for you 
by getting tough on drug dealers  strengthening enforcement  and ensuring hoosiers have access to treatment …
i spent this morning w/ colleagues on both sides of the aisle at a breakfast hosted by nj state building and constr…
rt  replahood  thank you to the  mcleancochamber for the invite to participate in their inaugural bn the know luncheon with my friend and c…
enjoyed being w/  secafofficial &  johnboozman to discuss the technology that k-12 - college students are using at…
rt  repjenniffer  meeting with the associate administrator of  sbagov  regional administrator  sbaatlantic and director of  sba_puertorico…
 i will not stop til our veterans are properly taken care of      potus says in  sotu   i look forward to continuing to work w/him 
 kknightabowitz agreeing that the us and allies should respond to chemical weapons violations  is not the same as a…
in some states  individuals worth more than  90 000  can be eligible for  snap  benefits  we need to preserve the pr…
may you rest in peace  rev  billy graham  your ministry touched millions of people all around the world  thoughts a…
rt  ccantidrug  saturday  april 28th is national drug take back day  we will have two locations for your convenience 
a special thank you to guy grace  director of security & emergency preparedness  and his team  at  lpsk12 for meeti…
how will the tax cutsand jobs act benefit you  find out more by texting  tax reform  to 50589 
enjoyed visiting with students from the college of southern nevada this week  thanks for stopping by   csncoyote
rt  okcattlemen  oca visiting with  tomcoleok04 about beef cattle issues  thank you lawton  okagcoop for letting us use your conference roo…
i have taken alternative means to the gop retreat in west virginia and was not traveling on the train that was invo…
happy mother s day 
great to meet members of  hadassah at the caldwell diner  thanks for meeting me 
i joined the morgan co  republican executive committee last night for their regular monthly meeting & spoke on the…
check out the image below for details on our april mobile office hours
rt  brnagnews_mark  stress act garners key support in  houseagnews  tomemmer rural america agnews minnesota mnag…
 dawnjersey  potus
los nicaragüenses que buscan la libertad necesitan el apoyo y la solidaridad del  statedept y de otros países aliad…
breaking  the house passed h r  4909  the  student  teachers  and officers preventing  stop  school violence act of…
  chicagotribune   walgreens boosting hourly workers  pay by  100 million per year  tax reform
today is the day we bring real tax relief to middle and working-class families in ohio and across the country  with…
icymi  the usda announced disaster areas last week for the following counties in our district  clay  putnam  & unio…
editorial  strong jobs report buoys u s  economy
every student learns differently  our education system should reflect this diversity  that s why charter schools ar…
a sweeping bill that cuts taxes and simplifies the tax code just passed my committee in the u s  house  read my sta…
from wwii  to korea  to vietnam  she answered the call of duty w/o hesitation  serving in hospitals in tokyo …
great to talk with  genevievewood at the  dailysignal earlier this week about america s new found optimism post tax reform 
wishing our sikh american friends and neighbors a happy vaisakhi 
2 4 million new jobs   small business confidence at an all-time high   unemployment at an all-time low   stock mark…
good morning san diego  i ll be on  foxandfriends this morning at 6 20 am  pst  to discuss border patrol agents  ramos and compean  then   
rt  repandybarr  today  legislation that i introduced  the portfolio lending and mortgage access act  passed the full house  this legislati…
happy birthday to our 16th president of the united states  abraham lincoln 
   swmich is doing big things - great to check out the soon-to-open expansion of their nursing facility today  mi06 
hey  reagentstoffel  great job as president of the inland valley association of realtors for 2015  you did a great job 
four  dreamers  doing the work that americans won t do 
wondering what s happening in congress  join my telephone town hall at 7pm cdt tonight to ask questions & get an upd…
this is a very challenging time for our country  and chairman frelinghuysen will leave tough shoes to fill  i will…
rt  conghuelskamp  i m the new chairman of the  housesmallbiz subcommittee on economic growth  tax  and capital access 
tomorrow is the last time you ll file under this current burdensome tax code  next year  americans can file their t…
rt  robertbluey  we spoke to house conservatives  repmarkmeadows &  jim_jordan about the massive  1 3 trillion government spending bill …
severe storms are sweeping across the state of georgia  i urge  ga10  to pay close attention to weather conditions …
i just sent a letter to  tgowdysc urging  gopoversight to open an investigation into the obama administration s all…
rt  waysandmeansgop  next year  americans will no longer be forced to buy government-mandated health insurance they don t want  don t need …
congrats to chli s spring 2018 global leaders  including david munoz who was a great help to my office 
a major victory today for children s healthcare  a six year extension of the children s health insurance program  chip  
reverend graham s love of the lord was truly inspiring  he will be missed  happening now  members of congress  the…
the house is committed to supporting our american heroes - the brave men and women who serve our nation and their families 
rt  unfilteredse    repscottperry tells  secupp  it s all about leverage    democrats are holding up military funding and chip to force a d…
rt  dailysignal  faith-based adoption agencies are under attack from the  aclu—and who suffers as a result  vulnerable children  watch…
i support the president s carefully considered decision to join together with our allies in the uk and france and s…
i wrote a column for  theledger explaining why i voted in favor of the 2018 federal spending bill  because it will…
the deadline for the subpoena issued by chairman goodlatte was today at noon  we got no documents from the departme…
rt  mitatoday  we are proud to honor  repryancostello with the 2017 legislator of the year award  via  mercuryx htt…
rt  bdcofnp   repmckinley there s a sense of optimism we haven t seen in 7-8 years in this valley   eda   dep 
hey  ok  – got a question for me  i m answering your qs this week by holding a twitter q&a  send me your questions using ask markwayne 
tune in  i m about to be live with  haljaytweets and brian estridge on  wbap247news at 7 17am ct to discuss border security
check out my newsletter to learn more about my latest work in congress & recent meetings across or 
my view=these devices circumvent the gun control act and the national firearms act  this type of modification to a gun should be controlled 
our committee joins the entire aoc team in offering matthew mcclanahan s family our prayers and deepest sympathies
rt  natresources  committee passes  repryanzinke s  certainty for states and tribes act  →
rt  nasa   nasa represents what is best about the united states of america  we lead  we discover  we pioneer  and we inspire   - administra…
 otd  in texas history the beautiful bluebonnet was named our state flower 
rt  andie_foley   reprichhudson talks about the opioid crisis with local leaders at serenity house in  concordncgov 
rt  jaketapper  check out the full interview with  jahimes and  repbradwenstrup on  cnnsotu 
i spoke with lee matthews on  newsradioktok yesterday  we talked about syria and u s  foreign policy 
to receive the newsletter on monday mornings  sign up at here s a recap of last week in no…
rt  wayouthacademy  our thanks to  repnewhouse for meeting with our cadet graduates during  wanationalguard day at the legislature  it was…
recently  i sent a letter to fcc chairman pai to encourage him to review a new eligibility requirement to better ad…
 hr4  invests in america s airports   faa2018 
met with orange growers today in myakka city   usda just predicted the worst orange crop in 73 years  help is com…
thanks for leading the pledge at tonight s event  j23marcus
rt  foxnews    jim_jordan on the possible release of the fisa memo   it s about transparency  it s about the truth  
 alanpartridgeii  angrynidaho  thejohnsonpost look at the previous article about nikki hailey from newsweek  if you…
rt  sbugovrelations  thank you  reppeteking for meeting w/  stonybrooku leadership today and for being a strong champion of scientific rese…
the 2 232 page omnibus spending bill passed the house after being publicly available for less than 17 hours  this b…
always a pleasure to have the oklahoma chapter of the  americanlegion visit for their annual trip to washington  d …
rt  redstickready  for the latest emergency information in our area check out for road closures  sand and sandbag l…
we voted to give the terminally ill a fighting change  keeping potentially lifesaving treatments out of reach for t…
rt  repgallagher  as we learned from the obama administration  there are costs to inaction in syria  i spoke with  billhemmer this morning…
cvs pharmacy is the latest company to put its dollars to better use because of tax reform – to include paid family…
our office continues to focus on solutions to immigration and other issues  rather than opportunities for political pontification   2/2 
today s  househomeland hearing was a great opportunity to push for the importance of state infrastructure projects…
congratulations president-elect  moonriver365 on behalf of the congressional korea caucus 
cindy and i join millions of people around the world in mourning the passing of billy graham  you can watch today s…
this week israelis celebrate 70 years of independence and success against all odds  israel stands as a stalwart ame…
rt  jim_jordan  what s important is not who the next speaker is  but what the next speaker does  we ve got to start delivering on what we t…
i am a cosponsor of h r 217 – title x abortion provider prohibition act  which would revoke taxpayer funding for planned parenthood  
i m committed to fighting for central texas values in congress  click here to sign up for my e-newsletter  the cart…
every veteran who has served to protect & defend our great nation should have a roof over their head  food on their…
i spoke on the house floor recently about wasteful government spending  watch here 
 this program offers meaningful  timely and targeted assistance to cotton growers to help with their anticipated gi…
rt  sbagov  sba is participating in the  uschamber s twitter chat for national small business week to discuss the state of small business po…
proud to lead  houseappropsgop efforts on floor to pass the twelve fy18 bills to fund vital programs & continue oversight of taxpayer    
read  budgethawks on the newly-released rsc budget 
rt  lantosswettk  congressman hultgren- co- chair of lantos human rights commission speaks at uscirf summit about advocating for prisoners…
the terrorist attacks on 9/11 changed our nation forever  the lives lost and the strength showed by all americans w…
how are you going to use your tax savings   we are a family of four and we will use our tax savings towards purcha…
in addition to the full funding of our military & health insurance for kids  another bonus to the schumer shutdown…
great to meet with the tn national rural water association today to discuss the importance of rolling back harmful…
schoolchoice briefing starting now - looking forward to hearing from parents and experts  pubschoolops  dcosp
the office of energy efficiency and renewable energy announced up to  35 million for 24 projects to support early-s…
thankful  today and everyday  for our law enforcement officers who bravely serve  protect and defend our families &…
congratulations to appleton s history museum at the castle  this week they received the country s highest honor giv…
today i had the pleasure of joining u s   secarmy dr  mark esper on a tour of fort drum  for more about our tour  c…
rt  repdesantis  casey and i are blessed to welcome our son mason joseph desantis  8lbs  4oz and very strong  both baby and mom are doing…
enough is enough  it s time for my colleagues in the senate to stop playing political games and do their job 
 this congressional defund is largely due to the incredible efforts of u s  rep  paul gosar who has championed endi…
rt  housecommerce  good morning  we ll be live tweeting today s full cmte markup featuring bills to help combat the opioidcrisis reported…
over the last year  this caring organization has served 11 000 individuals with almost half being children and dist…
in  tb_times  many thanks to my pal   repcurbelo  for leading the discharge petition project to help the precious d…
happy 20th birthday  methodistslhosp  from 7 000 patients in 1998 to 225 000 patients in 2017  thank you for your c…
rt  houseagnews  for those who work in acres  not hours  we thank you  happy national farmers day  thank a farmer
soon  gaveling in at the house budget committee s first hearing of the year today is brand new chairman …
congrats to this year s congressional art competition winner  from co s 3rd congressional district  klause ravidas …
rt  openfairskies  we appreciate that the administration is acting to level the playing field with the gulf carriers and their massive gove…
after 13 days of battle  the alamo fell on this day in 1836  the brave texans that lost their lives for the cause…
today  i met with christian blome  assistant vp and dean of vincennes university jasper to discuss local education…
since 1999  opioid-related deaths in the us have quadrupled  this saturday  join the nationwide effort to combat th…
rt  financialcmte  tomorrow  members of our committee will be asking questions of acting  cfpb director mulvaney about the c f p b s semi-ann…
 on russia  democrats try to rewrite history 
rt  americanewsroom   the bigger picture is how do you get a tax code that s permanent/get the us on the same footing as the rest of the wo…
enjoyed meeting with the representatives of  northcarolina4h here in dc  it is always great meeting with n c s youn…
wishing  kendallorraine the best of luck representing team u s a in the skeleton competition  you make modesto  and the valley  proud 
it is national volunteer week to celebrate the millions of americans who have committed to serving others  america …
morning again in america - house floor remarks on the tax cuts and jobs act
delighted to meet with florida society of anesthesiologists   surgerysafety  as we discussed ways to tackle the…
 grwiggy01  thejohnsonpost  politico i am as sympathetic as my constituents  that s why i want to fix the issue and…
earlier tonight  i joined  marthamaccallum to discuss release of the intelligence committee memo outlining fisa cou…
pictures are up from the ca-39 congressional app challenge held this past monday  congrats again to all 407 student…
rt  jperezmdpd  please joins us this thursday as we pay respect to the law enforcement officers who lost their lives protecting our communi…
i say it all the time because it s true  government works best when we can discuss the issues face to face  that s…
great news - for the first time since 2000  our nation s unemployment rate has fallen below 4%  one of the prioriti…
protect grandma  save medicare 
hurricane harvey update- kingwood
 under  potus   building a stronger america  infrastructure agenda  we can restore our position in the world and s…
rt  hsuniontown  uniontown native serves country as secretary of the army   hsutn 
number of days since the house of representatives sent the senate all twelve appropriations bills funding the gover…
thank you  kybroadcasters for inviting me to speak at your annual conference today 
crapo  hensarling file amicus brief in support of cfpb acting director mulvaney
i ve made autism research a priority during my time in congress  in 2017 i pushed to provide health care services f…
my long-time friend & ally  jim bridenstine  has the ability to make an exceptional  nasa administrator  & as vice-…
tune in now to watch me live on  foxbusiness
to my dad and all of the other fathers - happy fathers day 
rt  repstevepearce  from helping families purchase their first home to providing credit for small businesses  small banks & credit unions a…
the nj congressional delegation is united in its opposition to offshore drilling off new jersey s coastline 
i m proud that  georgiastateu is a part of the university innovation alliance with  lifeatpurdue  these schools are…
 fhfa should be shrinking  not expanding its powers  to return to the proper scope of its congressional mandate   -…
  hersheycompany is sweet  jobs are sweeter 
meet serik sapiyev  a member of parliament in the country of kazakhstan  he s a boxing gold medal winner in the 201…
praying today for the families and friends of fort carson s chief warrant officer kevin f  burke and 1st lt  clayto…
  wpr   duffy tours damaged husky refinery 
the music modernization act  which is the product of the house judiciary committee s comprehensive copyright review …
the bill the house is considering today is a common sense solution  here s my full statement on the house floor in…
great morning with the folks from south carolina business council  thanks for everything you do for the…
i am hosting two town halls next week  i hope to see you there  learn more 
unacceptable  schumer shutdown
as we embark on the 4th year we have held the  va10  young women leadership program  our goal is to build upon past…
the senate should immediately release this information to taxpayers  empower the victims and make sure it does not…
a member of the ethics panel  lance will head a four-person subcommittee to investigate the charges leveled against…
the launch of the  usnavy s newest lcs is a testament to our proud shipbuilding tradition in northeast wisconsin  a…
may is mental health awareness month  each year  millions of americans are affected by mental health conditions  it…
house republicans are continuing to make good on the agenda we promised in 2016  ✅ historic tax reform ✅ rebuild of…
rt  repmoolenaar  here is a link to the commentary  repjackbergman and i wrote last year 
white supremacists are ignorant and hateful  all americans must unite against racial intolerance and bigoted ideology 
rt  teamcavuto  rep mo brooks  r-al  to neil  i m shocked at how bad and financially irresponsible this piece of legislation is  repmobrook…
rt  andcitypd  national day of prayer at the anderson county courthouse with congressman jeff duncan 
rt  imakeamerica  congressman gibbs   repbobgibbs  touring  minnichmfg1 in ashland  oh and meeting with the men and women who help make ame…
rt  jim_jordan  3  when did the fbi get the complete dossier and who gave it to them  dossier author christopher steele  fusion gps  clin…
had great conversations at otto town hall where we covered all bases from milk prices to the war on terror  headed…
rt  stevenerice  i spy two of the students from my entrepreneurship class  great opportunity  thank you for taking the time   asmsa 
attorney general jeff sessions  chairman goodlatte calls for the justice department to investigate allegations that…
take a look at what we will be voting on this week here 
just dropped off around 35 000 pieces of school supplies for refugee students in utah  utpol refugees
rt  housegop  live  house republicans speak out against the schumer shutdown 
we ought to be leading the way in energy and today s vote is a step in the right direction
rt  houseappropsgop  the house just passed a bill that will provide  36 5 billion in emergency funding for hurricane and wildfire response…
final stop on another great fall  nj  weekend- ogdensburg day celebrations at firehouse field in sussex county 
rt  kvtbowen  in paulding county this a m  for  reptomgraves local government services day 
rt  fema  if you d like to help people affected by harvey  connect with trusted voluntary organizations by visiting 
rt  yaliberty  congressman  justinamash reveals loopholes used by the u s  government that violates the fourth amendment  restore the4th ht…
today  potus signed the  fy18ndaa  which gives our men and women in uniform the largest pay raise they ve received i…
  angeljflournoy thanks for your question  for more info on how taxreform will impact you  visit…
on floor in honor of national police week  we remember those who have lost their lives in the line of duty and thos…
it s critical that our science and technology programs keep pace with adversaries like china and russia  watch my o…
things to look forward to next year  ✔ filing taxes in a simple and straightforward way ✔ doubled child tax credit…
unable to attend my office s academy day last weekend  you can view the event here 
fun to be at the congressional baseball game with my family but my friend steve scalise was deeply missed 
thank you for meeting with me and sharing details about the good work you are doing in our communities 
will be on  foxbusiness tomorrow at 7am with  morningsmaria talking about steel and aluminum tariffs and other news of the day 
haywood county has some of the best people you ll ever meet  read about the outstanding service team at canton comm…
always great to support  pburgstrose and visit with folks   fish fry friday
it is national park week  while it is always a good time to visit a national park  this upcoming weekend parks will…
every 100 years or so our country experiments with sweeping tariffs    and they fail  in 1828  there was the so-cal…
rt  iiicorps_cg  i i i corps and  cjtfoir welcomed  reprwilliams and  judgecarter to our headquarters in iraq today  service members from  t… 
rt  stevescalise    wsjopinion   cause of washington s zika pathology is dems who are exploiting the virus to score political points  
hosting my 8th annual job fair in jackson tomorrow  nearly 40 local employers and organizations will be in attendan…
these kiddos did such a fantastic job today signing to one of my favorite worship songs   notice…
hazard mitigation specialists will be providing free repair and rebuilding advice in nueces county until the 22nd 
back in 2015  then-president obama signed legislation i championed w/ rep  doggett to end the use of social securit…
great discussions over the last couple days with nebraskans in d c  including  sorghumgrowers   nebraskawheat  and…
great to meet with  vaairandspace here in washington  learn more about their s t e msaturday education programs here…
rt  deptofdefense  mt congratulations to georgia army national guard soldier spc  jason warren and his wife cortney as their son  lucas  w…
looking forward to hearing from  realdonaldtrump​ tonight in his first state of the union address  quick preview …
rt  ed2med  thank you  repdavidyoung for being a strong voice in protecting the public service loan forgiveness program  which is so import…
rt  sirpurr  hbd  cameronnewton‼️
rt  senronjohnson  thank you rep  sensenbrenner  jimpressoffice for bringing the sofa bill to the house and helping us close the legal loop…
in washington  we wait and don t do things fast enough while the business world is always moving  changing  and mak…
rt  speakerryan  this is great news→ tax reform has  produced the most recent boost to small-business optimism  
at the utah capitol  i meet a lot of awesome people  utpol
delighted to have dr  kenneth cooper kick off our conference this morning on combatting childhood obesity 
rt  indental  meeting with rep jackie walorski to discuss issues pertinent to dentistry
tonight  i was once again faced with decision between a cr and a government shutdown  i voted to keep government op…
because of taxreform  more than 87 million customers will see lower utility bills  this is just one example of how…
as a strong supporter of the 2nd amendment  i cast my vote in support of this bill today 
 tncce wonderful to meet with stella and jackson - two young leaders from tennessee with very bright futures 
the kids at  hernandezms visited my round rock office for what will i be day  my staff loved hanging out with future f…
it s an incredible honor to recognize the sacrifice and service of our vietnam war veterans today in butte 
we spoke with a neighbor on spring street in downtown jamestown about the project that will improve the street usin…
thank you   warsawwildcats  for letting us come to your school and encourage your students to choose to be drug free…
1 samuel 2 9  he keeps the feet of his godly ones  but the wicked ones are silenced in darkness  for not by might shall a man prevail 
rt  brendancarrfcc  thank you to  repfredupton for bringing small business owners together in paw paw to talk about the role broadband play…
in case you missed it  i joined  foxnews with  harrisfaulkner yesterday to discuss north korea on the eve of the wi…
video  last night i joined  tuckercarlson to discuss my new immigration reform bill  the bill i introduced will he…
rt  thuylanwkbw  doors at the charlotte co  eoc now closed until irma passes  winds are too strong  ems & law enforcement pulled off the r…
rt  vanhipp  secretary of state mike pompeo is poised to be one of our great secretaries of state  younger generations are finding out wha…
let s be clear  this is a shutdown caused solely by senate democrats  60 votes required to fund the govt and dems b…
proud to be joined by  repgoodlatte   repcharliedent   repstevechabot and my friend  repdannydavis today …
rt  housegop  thanks to the tax cutsand jobs act  consumer optimism jumped to a 14-year high  everyday americans are confident  knowing that…
rt  freedomworks  help restore fiscal sanity and tell your representative/senator to vote for  repsanfordsc s one percent spending reductio…
tuesday means it s time for our weekly budget fact  the recently passed government funding bill makes the largest…
live today   financialcmte hearing with  cfpbdirector mick mulvaney at 10 am est →
house passes posey-murphy bipartisan plan to help estuaries with critical needs
rt  sbgc2c    congressmanhice   it s not a gun that commits a crime  it s a gun in the hand of an evil person with a bad heart    wgxanews…
glad to have the chance to chair the  natresources federal lands subcommittee hearing this afternoon 
earlier this week  i attended a  gopoversight hearing where i pushed the importance of the soo locks and ensuring t…
rt  whitehouse  watch the  sotu  live alongside tweets from key trump administration accounts here 
h r  4049 will provide funding to develop fbi school threat assessment teams  further coordination between schools…
 otd  in 1998  2  uscp  officers were killed in the line of duty  officer chestnut s & detective gibson s service wil…
if you are in the ocala area come by & meet your team  our marion county office is located at 115 se 25th avenue in…
congratulations to my friend  mikepompeo on being confirmed the 70th secretary of state  i know you ll serve our co…
rt  93wibc  news  indiana s banks v  abortion  rep  says planned parenthood shouldn t get federal dollars | 93 1 wibc
tennessee brickmakers literally produce the building blocks of our nation  i voted for sub environment bill h r  19…
rt  tschultz1961  thank you  replamalfa for your support of organic research with hr 2436 
then cookies with the congressman in the afternoon  fema & sba reps will be there  too  more details→
proud to help reauthorize very important grant programs for fire companies  these grants help our local volunteer f…
after democrats blocked sensible right to try legislation last week  our  housecommerce bill is back on the house fl…
i m glad to see sxsw stopping by  dellchildrens for the sixth year in a row to bring a little happiness to their to…
watch live  here 
so glad my dc staff had the opportunity to sit down with the  ohio_legion to discuss how we can best take care of v…
✔️dairy discussion in warsaw ✔️farm tour in attica ✔️lunch at the pok-a-dot in batavia that s a great day in…
after a wild 7 games  congrats to the houston  astros on winning their first ever world series  texas strong ⚾🏆
happy to have irish ambassador to the u s   danmulhall in the first district  we met with irish company…
rt  realdonaldtrump  during small business week  we celebrate the great  hard-working entrepreneurs across our country who have started and…
i joined  nprweekend earlier today to discuss the budget deal congress passed this week   
spotted  an adventurous group of 3rd graders found chairman bishop hiking in  zionnps this afternoon  find your park…
this morning  i joined  abc22fox45 to discuss opioid epidemic and  hhsgov secretary azar s visit to  brigidspath in…
rt  repdianeblack  icymi  107 of my colleagues joined my letter to  speakerryan   gopleader &  stevescalise urging them to do everything in…
i ve heard from parents/guardians in va who ve been forced to move loved ones w/ intellectual disabilities into new…
  speakerryan has been a principled conservative since he first arrived to washington as a staffer  over his twenty…
congratulations to  preedgolf on his outstanding victory  themasters  
today  the  uscapitol flags are lowered to half-staff in honor of our country s law enforcement who have given thei…
rt  reppaulmitchell  happening now  i m leading a special order on the tax cuts and jobs act  click below to watch ⬇️
no greater honor for a fellow michigander who is so deserving 
rt  repkevinbrady  this is an appropriate time to take a knee  not while the national anthem is being played  you stand  place your right h…
rt  repjimrenacci  over 300 companies have invested in their workers thanks to the tax cutsand jobs act  with 4 million workers receiving ove…
rt  housegop  for the first time since 2000  the unemployment rate has fallen below 4%  our pro-growth policies  like the tax cutsand jobs ac…
thank you  usda  secretarysonny for meeting today to talk about the importance of renewable fuels and promoting hig…
icymi — the ny times is just the latest news outlet to cover how the tax cutsand jobs act is making a meaningful diff…
 in washington all we do is wait until there is an emergency   realdonaldtrump is from the business world and in th…
rt  supsingh  thank you  darrellissa for your support of our military sts and families  funding for new schools aboard  mciwpendletonca im…
on the  bpc_bipartisan american congressional exchange   repbrochester and i also met with  corteva agriscience  as…
 1/2   realdonaldtrump is absolutely right to withdraw from the iran nuclear deal  i opposed the deal when preside…
encouraging news out of north korea  but actions speak louder than words  the pressure campaign must stay in place…
uva-wise hosted a program on fighting the opioid crisis today in galax  i joined the participants in examining this…
video  watch me question  fbi director wray at today s  housejudiciary oversight hearing 
rt  waysandmeansgop    repjimrenacci   as a businessman  it is hard to imagine that in 2018 i would still be using technology created more…
rt  wtintern   wtinternshipalert   mactxpress looking for good wt students for congr  interns  wtamu_cob  wtamu_adpr…
rt  housegop  for the first time since 2000  the unemployment rate has fallen below 4%  our pro-growth policies  like the tax cutsand jobs ac…
reverend billy graham was a man of god who preached his word to every end of the globe  words cannot describe the i…
more positive economic news  tax reform
that is why i am pleased that  potus is working towards speeding up the permitting process so that americans no lon…
thank you latricia milburn & kathryn lewis for your work on down syndrome research  great meeting you this week …
if further action is needed  i look forward to the president and the pentagon seeking input and authorization from…
rt  speakerryan  for the first time since 1986  both the house and senate have passed a major overhaul of our tax code  i look forward to a…
 millennials are the largest generation in the workforce & by 2020 they will represent 50% of it  g o p future
rt  alzassociation  thank you  tomcoleok04 for your leadership in making alzheimer s a priority in the fy18 omnibus with a historic  414 mi…
what a heartwarming story…and what a smile  congratulations  lucas 
consider using new found savings from the tax cutsand jobs act to support small businesses by shopping local …
national police week pays recognition to law enforcement officers who have lost their lives in the line of duty  our…
then you didn t pay attention close enough  full stop  frank
peace on the korean peninsula  denuclearization  release of hostages  yesterday looked brighter than the day before…
i asked the ambassador for an update on the south korea negotiations & when it would wrap up 
a special thank you to  vp mike pence who stopped to say hello to a family on one of our tours today 
i send my condolences to  repkevincramer on the loss of his son  i ll be praying for him and his family 
rt  reptomemmer  now  tune into  financialcmte hearing -  federalreserve chairman jerome powell testifying for the 1st time  will give an u…
to learn about how to apply for a nomination to a military service academy  please visit my website …
rt  tommyforhealth   congressmandan thank you for sponsoring the treat and reduce obesity act 
national right to life needs to reverse a strategy that concedes the lives of one million babies a year out of defe…
proud to have voted for the tax cutsand jobs act  again 
i m thrilled w/  potus nomination of  repryanzinke for interior secretary  congratulations on being approved by  energygop
check out this story of a small business owner who is experiencing the life-changing results of tax reform&gt &gt …
rt  whitehouse   on december 6th  2017  at my direction  the united states finally and officially recognized jerusalem as the true capital…
the good news keeps coming    the benefits of the tax cutsand jobs act are already here 
north texas weather can be unpredictable  especially at this time of year  join me for a discussion about severe we…
proud to welcome members of  lastatepolice to the capitol for police week  we can never do enough to thank the men…
watch live   waysandmeansgop full committee markup of bills to better serve and protect taxpayers
rt  presssec  we are praying for the people of nyc  some of the toughest  most resilient people in the world  n y c strong
it took 60 senate votes to fund our military but it only takes 51 to cut the wasteful spending in the omnibus  i hi…
abortion and family planning are not the same  but planned parenthood receives on average nearly  60m a year from t…
the tax cuts and jobs act preserves the medical expenses deduction and the deduction for classroom supplies  it als…
about to join  chelliepingree and  hbottemiller at 2018  foodtanksummit to discuss ag challenges and ways to encour…
today marks the 15th anniversary of  dhsgov  thank you to the men and women who work tirelessly each and every day…
good to talk to  kwelkernbc on  msnbc about the schumer shutdown  thanks for having me on tonight 
rt  housesmallbiz  🚨 february 1st 🚨 check your check this morning — odds are you ll have more money in it thanks to the tax cutsand jobs act…
we welcome president macron to congress  and look forward to hearing what he has to say  there is a lot of hope for…
last week  the house passed 8 bills to strengthen our homeland security & better protect against threats we face su…
as a military pilot  this really hits home  we face a serious military readiness crisis in this country  and our tr…
this week  i got to sit down with local constituent roofing professionals from the national roofing contractors ass…
joined  foxnews s  billhemmer today to discuss my trip to las vegas with  potus yesterday  full interview here 
i wrote to  ustreasury asking how the federal government would treat proposed state tax changes that are currently…
  rollsroyce  employer of over 4 000 hoosiers  announces a new employee benefits package funded by tax credits from…
rt  serveillinois  it s national volunteer week  and we want to thank our 2 4 million volunteers that are making illinois the most volunteer…
happening now   cfpbdirector mick mulvaney is testifying in  financialcmte on the bureau s semi-annual report  catc…
i visited my alma mater  taylorville high school  this morning to talk to the college and career readiness class  t…
check out today s  salemleader to learn more about my roundtable last week with washington county women in business…
our regional director of community relations  lanie brown  presented  usairforce senior airman katie cogbill of…
rt  justinamash  today  dozens of colleagues joined my letter to  speakerryan &  nancypelosi demanding that any effort to pass an extension…
an update from  medstarwhc 
tune in at 7am et ➡️ i m joining  foxbusiness  morningsmaria with  dagenmcdowell to talk border security this morning
eoda excellence awards handed out this morning  congratulations  
beautiful day to be in the white house rose garden to celebrate historic tax cuts  
glad to see the end of the schumer shutdown
thanks mark  i m excited about this new role and look forward to working with my fellow co-chairs  joaquincastrotx…
today on national day of prayer we join together as one people to pray4unity  national day of prayer
rt  housegop  thanks to the tax cutsand jobs act  the everyday family of 4 is set to get back  2 059 more  this money is set to make a real d…
 2/2  to receive a phone call during the event  please register online at you can also cal…
 youthbuildusa helps low-income youth w/ job training & other skills  glad to meet w/ advocates this week to discus…
in a few minutes  i will be giving a washington update on  kbtxnews brazos valley this morning  tune in or watch on…
read my full statement on the bipartisan budget deal here 
the subcommittee on capital markets  securities  and investments held a hearing today to oversee the securities and…
rt  wafb  a new location has been added for sandbag pickup locations &gt &gt  jewel j  newman community center 2013 cent…
need more time to do your taxes  here s how to file a free extension --&gt 
i had good meetings today with ninth district residents in town with the independent insurance agents and brokers o…
great news 
great discussion this afternoon at the rotary club of aurora  topics included the v a hospital  us pilot shortage an…
check it out  due to tax cuts from tax reform  cvs has announced they will raise wages & establish paid parental le…
wishing all those who celebrate a peaceful easter with their loved ones happy easter
 the great lakes are michigan s single greatest natural resource  and this plan is an important part of our overall…
secretary mattis even wrote to secretary ross that the dod doesn t believe  the findings in the reports impact the…
chairman  rephensarling criticizes  fanniemae bailout request → fannie mae  fhfa
the  staffordpolice & ocean mental health services are seeing real results w/on p o i n t  program  i m working to…
this morning i had the opportunity to learn more about  rotarycorp and tour their new facility in reidsville  i am…
 mitigation efforts will need to take a range of other steps much more seriously  including the coal to gas transit…
tax reform stories from  in09  → hoosier families and businesses across indiana s ninth congressional district have…
rt  repmccaul  while this is a positive step  congress must act to fix our broken immigration system  that is why earlier this year i intro…
live at 10 a m  → hearing to examine how  tsa engages with the traveling public  watch here 
today s  un  anti-israel vote is the last straw  i am drafting a bill to stop u s  foreign aid  aka taxpayer    …
rt  housejudiciary  🚨tomorrow  feb  27  at 1 30 p m  reg  reform and antitrust subcommittee will hold an oversight hearing on the cvs-aetna…
i wish  usreprodney and his family all the best in his retirement  he is leaving a legacy of honesty and commitment to the nation 
don t forget to get your taxes in  today is tax day 
i will not be complicit in paving iran s way to a nuclear weapon iran deal tcot
today i met with representatives from  cvccworks  we discussed their career development program that serves more th…
rt  speakerryan  welcome to the  uscapitol  president  emmanuelmacron 
welcome home  ndnationalguard 188th ada  thank you for tirelessly serving our country 
talking with folks this morning at the brazos valley council of governments regional economic recovery & preparedne…
news  wa04  can use →  irs  releases updated tax withholding tables  showing new rates that employers can use in 2018 
  cnbc   new applications for u s  unemployment benefits unexpectedly held near more than a 48-year low last week 
even the speaker loves your bill 
rt  congressmangt  on teacher appreciation day we honor the hardworking  dedicated teachers who push students to achieve their best and real…
on holocaust remembrance day  we honor the survivors and those who were killed  read the stories of people personal…
great to see national drug take back day in the eastern district of  ok  collect a whopping 130 pounds of prescriptio…
rt  protectmyma  cmc members met with  repnewhouse   reploudermilk  reprobinkelly and the staff of  repjbridenstine to share why medicare a…
thinking about the last time i broke a bird rule 
humbled to be recognized by  flchamber for my longstanding support of entrepreneurship  lower taxes  and free trade…
psalm 3 3-4 but you  o lord  are a shield about me  i was crying to the lord with my voice  and he answered me from his holy mountain 
woke up to news of the uof u shooting this morning  grateful for first responders and their rapid response 
the va administers the numerous benefits and services our nation s veterans have earned  to find out what you may q…
despite the snow in d c   our markup is continuing as scheduled today  watch live starting at 10am et …
posey to host 2015 congressional art competition in vero beach
thank you to  seemacms for sharing updates on current  cmsgov priorities   housecommerce s sub health members appre…
rt  housecommerce  watch  today we debut our  personal stories from the opioid crisis  video series  highlighting individuals and families…
thank you  freedomworks for the support  this legislation is a tool of responsible debt management  once the debt c…
delighted to join  theesa and  gamechangerorg today at  childrenstheone to learn more about their new ihope video g…
it was a pleasure to be back in the pulpit this morning at faith baptist church in monroe  thanks for having me and…
we are excited about this project to bring a new va clinic to clay county  whether the project lands in keystone  m…
read my full statement on the omnibus here 
thanks to  vp mike pence for speaking to young farmers today at the  usda kickoff event to celebrate national ag day…
rt  repjeffdenham  yesterday i spoke on the positive impacts of the tax cuts and jobs act in a speech on the floor of the u s  house of rep…
rt  realdonaldtrump  so disgraceful that a person illegally in our country killed  colts linebacker edwin jackson  this is just one of many…
i was proud to cosponsor this vital piece of legislation bc every american family  student and business should have…
the american people know that congress no longer reflects the ideals and values of our communities  the time for te…
rt  houseappropsgop  starting at 10 am  the financial services subcommittee holds a hearing to review the fy19 budget for the  irs   watch l…
given that the memo is classified  i cannot disclose it s contents   but it represents another point against granti…
the  congressionalac is a great opportunity for all k-12 students in the 4th district to practice coding  the deadl…
important meeting with emerging leaders in the usstratcom leadership fellows program today at uno  one-of-a-kind pa…
i have spent the past 2 weeks crisscrossing through  tx25  to meet with all of you & hear your ideas that i can take…
over 100 economist to congress   economic growth will accelerate if the tax cutsand jobs act passes  leading to more…
if you guessed that i waited in line to meet former  phillies right fielder  forever 2008 world series champion  ja…
this article highlights the unmet need in our community and my efforts to solve the problem 
 50m investment by  usarmy is a testament 2  cerdec s record of support for warfighter w/ capabilities that cannot…
i am deeply saddened to learn that my friend and colleague  repmobrooks has been diagnosed with prostate cancer  m…
 kristenlfrench actually they are already legal  the bill just changes their classification 
going on  teamcavuto show at noon 
glad i could stop by the  logandaily to catch-up and congratulate them on 175 years of service to the community 
as a member of  housecommerce we are constantly trying to improve energy resilience and grid-reliability  at…
rt  foxnews    repmccaul   when the drug cartel sees our military down there  it s going to stop them before they can get in   sunday futur…
register for the legislative data & transparency conference to attend  event is this tuesday 9am-4pm et  ldtc16 
massive data breaches have made the identity of millions of americans vulnerable  today  the house passed h r  5437…
rt  repwalorski  the house just passed bipartisan legislation to overhaul the irs  including my bill to strengthen irs accountability and m…
i always enjoy the opportunity to engage with students in  ga03   thank you for inviting me to visit 
here s an article in the  detroitnews about today s legislation fully funding the  glri  
 repthomasmassie  rmconservative  cspan and ceiling fans regulated   
rt  repbarbaralee  meet my new bill  the women s history quarter dollar coin act  this legislation with  reppoliquin would create a nationa…
our dairy farmers are facing difficult times  today i hosted farmers at a dairy roundtable to discuss solutions for…
good luck to all the teams and fans out there ready for march madness  can t wait to cheer on  mizzouhoops tomorrow   miz 
great news  my friend  repjbridenstine will be a great leader for  nasa and florida s aerospace programs 
good morning  we ll be live tweeting today s full cmte markup featuring bills to help combat the opioidcrisis repo…
thanks oakland-craig senior high school for stopping by my office  go knights   o_cknights
proud of stephen johnston  l   the producer & steve fedyski  r  with pure flix  same kind movie  2/2
our new tax code is fairer and simpler  which means more time and money to spend on the things you care about 
read chairman shuster s statement on the memorandum of understanding signed by federal agencies today to help strea…
rt  nasa  statement from the  whitehouse as n a s a remembers our fallen   we will not forget the contributions of our great american heroes a…
glad the colorado youth corps could stop by my office this week  i was glad to thank them for providing training an…
for their service projects ryan donated 500 books to children in the ohio city area  scott renovated the fr  baraga…
too often  the financial burden of reckless regulations falls on the backs of hard-working americans  r e v i e wact
met w/  secretaryzinke to discuss nj offshore drilling  i & other nj members were clear about it  not now  not ever…
terrorist attack  clarification of my position
hamas has taken the disgusting & cowardly step of using children  the sick & elderly as human shields for terrorist…
watch the rule debate on the  housefloor on  cspan
in 2017  there were 700-plus overdose deaths in allegheny co  the  highmark &  pittsburghpg s health care forum on…
rt  springfieldnl  two master gardener sales are among this weekend s events in the sgf area 
what a joy it was to join  dollyparton this week as she dedicated her 100 millionth  dollyslibrary book to the…
beautiful day in dc  love the dogwoods on the capitol grounds outside of longworth house office building  🇺🇸  i…
today i voted for the national defense authorization act to keep america safe 
rep  sensenbrenner at his 100th town hall meeting of 2017   wi05 
rt  houseagnews  in case you missed it   conawaytx11 joined  agritalk today to talk 2018 farm bill 
the left has conflated  illegal alien  with the virtuous legal immigrant so effectively they have no answer for thi…
the debate over infrastructure is hearing up in washington  to stay up to date on what congress is doing  subscr…
from director lockyer at  fermilab   this is a formative period for dune    what we decide now will shape the detec…
i am pleased with the work we have done to upgrade our nation s infrastructure  and am humbled that my subcommittee…
congress and president trump cannot legalize dacas without sacrificing the rule of law and broadcasting a call to c…
great to see montana high school artists and teachers earning huckleberries from the  missoulian
joined many state and local officials – dr  bill hazel  supervisor pat herrity  chairwoman sharon bulova  sheriff k…
as  realdonaldtrump said at the sotu   people who are terminally ill should not have to go from country to country…
rt  foxandfriends  mark zuckerberg blames facebook  enforcement error  for alleged censoring of diamond & silk s content
hear their stories  a discussion is underway where sub health is hearing from people w/1st hand accounts of how the…
rt  emma_dumain   is it not a disgrace that it can now take 10 years just to get a permit approved for a simple road   trump asks  this see…
rt  healthylakes  great news about aoc delisting in michigan   sencarllevin  senstabenow  congressmandan thx for supporting  glri  
annual budget process successes and failures of both parties could teach us much budget
congrats to blue origin on successful flight and landing of new shepard
rt  iubac  thank you  repdavejoyce   repbrianfitz   repjohnkatko   reppeteking    davereichert    repbilljohnson   replobiondo    reptommac…
with each visit i am even more impressed at the incredible work being done by the  inl   it was a treat for me to i…
our military must be ready for future threats  the  deptofdefense must look five  ten and twenty years ahead to ma…
rt  gopleader  charter schools make a world of difference in the lives of students  families  and their communities  join me in celebrating…
rt  speakerryan  so members of the public can pay their respects  the late rev  billy graham will lie in honor in the u s  capitol rotunda…
my  ny21  coffee with your congresswoman series continues this week  i ll be hosting my 16th and 17th coffee with yo…
democrats are threatening a government shutdown  their games could kick 9 million children off of their health insu…
it s tough to be a kid  being a child in a military family has its own set of challenges  we must continue to suppo…
attn south jersey young artists  my office is again participating in congressional art challenge  great way to show…
at the  givesevendays interfaith dinner and youth workshop tonight in op  thank you to  mindycorporon and sunayana…
had a great morning delivering  _mealsonwheels with  ccstcloud and other dedicated volunteers   mn06 
the iran deal broke decades of national security precedent by commingling the issues of prisoner releases and sanct…
rt  tonywittkowski  here s the four minutes  repfredupton had with facebook ceo mark zuckerberg earlier today 
tune in to  foxbusiness at 9 15am  i ll be joining  varneyco to discuss today s news
 i want to thank ranking member ryan  all the members of the subcommittee  and staff for their hard work  i look fo…
honored to chair my first oversight subcommittee hearing today which will focus on the opioid crisis  watch here …
great conversation with reps from  mbamortgage today on the importance of lending and the vital need for regulatory…
pulling for my sweet  courageous friend  nataliegrant tonight at the grammys2018  your fight against cancer and yo…
yesterday  on tax day  i introduced the ditto act to force accountability on the  irs  and ensure that they are work…
today  we stand united with hope and gratitude for the protections and blessings the lord has bestowed on our great…
rt  housevetaffairs    drphilroe   vachair   reptimwalz   senatortester statement on ig report regarding va secretary travel 
did you know that at least 39 states – including illinois – will see lowered utility bills as a result of…
rt  freedomworks  watch now   repdavid of  waysandmeansgop sits down to discuss tax reform 
servicemembers that were exposed to open burn pits in iraq and afghanistan are seeing terrible health effects at a…
it s election day  make sure you get out and exercise your right to vote  for info on voting in pa --&gt 
i picked michigan state to win it all  who did you pick  march madness
as we conclude small business week  it s a reminder that america s 29 million small businesses have a big impact & a…
roosevelt s little white house is just one of the historic gems in  ga03   yesterday i had the chance to visit and s…
rt  cathymcmorris  new on a map of companies and job creators who are providing bonuses and new benefits to their…
librarians from  ia01  stopped by my office today - and the state librarian mr  michael scott  i have no doubt that…
rt  drphilroe  great news  my bill  the va mission act  passed out of committee today & is a transformational  once-in-a-lifetime opportuni…
the  fy19ndaa  mark-up is officially underway  you can watch live as  hascrepublicans and  hascdemocrats work togeth…
forty-nine states  including virginia  are required to operate under a balanced budget  and not spend more than th…
 myhbeach  usmayors  transport we need to give cities flexibility & help them prioritize funding and projects to be…
despite a difficult situation for many in nelsonville  i was encouraged by the discussion at today s forum  i m con…
on this president s day  i am particularly proud to represent the great state of ohio where we have had 8 president…
looking forward to finishing the 115th strong with my fellow texan   judgetedpoe  his grandkids are in for a treat …
met w fred guttenberg whose daughter jaime was murdered in parkland school massacre  heartbroken but courageous fre…
today  we get to meet taj and glenn  the  woodlandparkzoo is opening their assam rhino reserve exhibit today – brin…
it was outstanding to meet with farmers at the  msuextension office in west branch yesterday  we had a terrific con…
here s the associated press-  ap s take-  tax bill beginning to deliver bigger paychecks to workers   glad to see t…
rt  libertycaucus  vote alert  hlc statement on  hr4909   students  teachers  and officers preventing school violence act of 2018
i support ndaa provision that explicitly rejects authorization of future brac round  proud to see house reject amndt to strip provision 
for more companies that are taking action as a result of these historic tax cuts  visit 
today  waysandmeansgop released a taxreform blueprint
so glad my office could join the  chambercarlsbad in celebration of the new bank of the west location in carlsbad 
in the house chamber now awaiting the arrival of french president  emmanuelmacron to address a joint session of con…
rt  dcexaminer   susanferrechio  conawaytx11  joniernst  reptedyoho  rodneydavis   rodneydavis  when the farm bill is negotiated to the poi…
currently the tolerance level for  snap  errors is  37  the 2018 farm bill improves program integrity by removing the…
rt  housegop  the biggest news of the day   potus has signed  sealed  and delivered the tax cutsand jobs act  relief is coming for everyday a…
rt  jim_jordan  15  why did fusion gps founder glenn simpson meet with russian lawyer natalia veselnitskaya before and after her meeting wi…
staff in winchester  middleburg  and frederick county participated in a number of drug take back day events  thank…
this year s art competition entries are in &  nc08  students did not disappoint  we need your help picking the fan f…
 socialsecurity get your questions ready and rsvp here  and sign up to get a reminder here 
i was glad to speak with lee matthews on  newsradioktok yesterday  we talked about speaker ryan and other topics  l…
merry christmas — i got this video from home while i am in dc and thought i should spread some holiday cheer from m…
rt  keithrothfus  just now --&gt  the house took an important to step in the fight to end online human trafficking  i am proud to be a cospons…
 seong-ho s story is a testament to the yearning of every human soul to live in freedom   -  realdonaldtrump  sotu 
i was pleased to support the  balanced budget amendment  even though it did not get enough votes last night to pass…
on friday i had the opportunity to visit with students from eldon upper elementary school for the 13th annual democ…
it s been ~8 years of dodd frank  and we re losing one community financial institution per day on avg  the house  …
rt  housecommerce  2017 obamacare premium rates were steep  with 7 states seeing increases of more than 50%
last week i updated  greenecountyoh commissioners on what congress is doing to combat opioid epidemic and provide h…
to wrap up small business week  jay and stephanie rehagen  owners of second generation family business dan s rv sal…
in the most dangerous of situations & during the most trying of times  our friends in blue are on the front lines …
📺tune in to  cnnsitroom w/  wolfblitzer now for my thoughts on north korea & toronto tragedy
rt  housescience  watch live  hearing on an update on nasa exploration systems development
take a look at my e-newsletter to see what i did this week in washington →
the federal government shouldn t be picking winners and losers  yesterday  i led a group of 85 of my colleagues in…
i congratulate my former colleague mike pompeo for being confirmed as the nation s top diplomat  as we face a dizzy…
i was honored to visit the recently opened nicholas county elementary school this afternoon  thank you to superinte…
rt  foxnews    tgowdysc on next step in russia probe   start interviewing witnesses & accessing documents  that s the lifeblood of any inve…
thank you to  govmatterstv for interviewing me today about the ever-growing need for a space force   hasc… 
 usdard is accepting applications for the 2018 rural business development grant program  letter of intent due 2/5 …
chairman  rephensarling demands  fhfa director watt explain gse payments →
thank you  budgethawks for your help with some of our slides tonight 
rt  austinkellerman  spread the word  jack cook of arkansas died in ww2 when he gave up his spot in a life boat to save another man  w…
term doesn t expire until jan 3  2019   still in washington casting votes on behalf of south jersey  haven t missed…
a great new program  sponsored by the associated builders and contractors  will provide veterans with apprenticeshi…
see my statement on the ongoing schumershutdown
the english language is beautiful  but in moments like these  there are simply no words to describe the heartbreak …
rt  repbrochester  on friday  i toured  william_pennhs s farm-to-table program with my friend rep   rodneydavis  this program provides stud…
  kristielowry askmorgangriffith
the 2018 farm bill provides food security to our neighbors in need & also gives people an on-ramp to opportunity  be…
the thin blue line put their lives in danger every day to ensure our safety - thank you to all who serve in law enforcement   2/2 
happening now  my annual jobs fair in topeka is underway  it s located in the ag hall at the kansas expocentre in t…
rt  repdesantis  rosenstein needs to produce the comey memos  comey already leaked four of them to his buddy  stop stonewalling 
i want to hear from you on tax reform  share your opinion by clicking here --&gt 
on international holocaust remembrance day  let us not forget the the millions of jewish and other victims of nazi…
after alabama disaster gop must do right thing and dump steve bannon  his act is tired  inane and morally vacuous …
 joesonka
my first read of the day   yuma now second busiest smuggling route as number of minors  migrant families rises  …
bc of its proximity to the san juan national forest  there is huge need for a fire department in the west fork area…
  observertribune   local utility rates to be cut as result of new federal tax law  tax reform
rt  vp  i grew up working in a small family business where i learned the value of hard work & lived the american dream  this small business…
read my full statement on congress suspending the debt limit here ---&gt 
rt  repderekkilmer  america s competitiveness in the global economy is directly tied to our fiscal health  congress should invest in our ki…
thank you senator  markwarner and senator  timkaine for working to advance our bill honoring seaman dakota rigsby …
happy game day  jayhawk fans  while you re waiting for tipoff  listen to my segment from yesterday with  kkwhb on t…
promoting tomorrow s third annual ms book festival   wjtv
veterans—due to ongoing maintenance  the va has temporarily relocated our office in the  vawestpalmbeach to room 1a…
last year we lost over 2 700 floridians to opioid-related deaths  if you have prescription drugs you haven t used …
rt  healthinfocus  hlc president mary r  grealy is in boise honoring  congmikesimpson s idaho step challenge with the wellness frontiers a…
rt  reprwilliams  watch below ↓ as i question  federalreserve​ chairman jerome powell at his first of many  financialcmte​ hearing
congratulations to sharon jeffries-jones of bb&t who received a corporate social responsibility leadership award fr…
i enjoyed visiting with students interested in attending our nation s military service academies at my annual milit…
with student loan debt & stagnated wages many millennials believe the system has been rigged against them g o p future
more than  2m headed to vineland veterans  memorial home for renovations includ hvac system & roof remediation  bui…
rt  keithrothfus  my team and i appreciated touring ellwood city forge to see firsthand how quality steel products are made  we also learn…
sgt  george waters is a real life hero living among us in  tx08   today  on national former  pow  recognition day  we…
be sure to cast your vote by  liking  your favorite piece of art in this year s  people s choice awards 
today  congress came together to pray for 9/11 terrorist attacks victims and their families  we must never forget 
rt  blairmilolp  looking forward to a great and needed discussion on empowering american workers
terry and jean childs need help raising their grandchildren  with addiction plaguing the kids  i met with them to t…
honored to be joined by more than 100 central arkansas veterans today at my annual veterans advisory council meetin…
the tax cutsand jobs act continues to have a positive impact on american communities   repwalorski  repjimbanks…
social security has a number of anti-fraud initiatives  but w/o any way to judge their effectiveness  we don t know if they re working 8/12
  repmarkwalker  this make sense from both a public safety perspective and one out of compassion for our fellow citizens 
rt  transport  we re getting ready for this morning s hearing on the administration s infrastructure proposal  watch it live at
paychecks are going up  taxes are going down  and america is once again open for business  tax day
lance said it was  past time  for congress to  strengthen border security and end uncertainty  for the immigrants …
cramer  house releases farm bill text
happening now -  repnewhouse is managing the second rule on the keep america secure appropriations act  watch live on  cspan 
rt  phscedu    repgusbilirakis job fair tomorrow at p h s c porter campus  9 a m -noon w/  careersourceph &  wesleychapelbiz jobs
i will be hosting my second teletown hall of 2018 with special guest  tgowdysc next thursday  if you would like to…
my fisa vote explained 
🚨chairman  repgoodlatte subpoenas doj for documents related to fisa abuse  the clinton investigation  and the mccab…
rt  fox4now  hurricane irma leaves nearly 6 million without power in florida
rt  househomeland  this national police week  we honor those who have lost their lives in the line of duty  thank you to all of the brave me…
in case you missed it  i stopped by  actionnewsnow to share my thoughts on the recently released fisa memo  the upc…
the men and women of law enforcement - and their families - sacrifice so much to keep us safe and i m grateful for…
great turnout at this morning s waukesha town hall meeting with state rep  scott allen  i d like to thank everyone…
the release of the american hostages is a major breakthrough  the kim regime is clearly feeling the international p…
i introduced the employee fairness & relief act to help small biz employees stay on their health care plans …
rt  reppeteolson  american energy = liquid freedom  energy4jobs
students like mallorie are making the world a better place   sc07 
rt  foxbusiness    replouiegohmert on congressional letter to fbi asking for investigations   mueller needs investigating  rosenstein needs…
joining  cnbc s  squawkcnbc shortly to discuss the growing u s  economy under  realdonaldtrump and what to expect during the  sotu  tomorrow 
members of  un security council senegal ukraine japan must support armsembargo against south sudan
rt  cathymcmorris  we can all learn from mrs  bush s legacy  the love she had for her country was only surpassed by her love for her family…
this ad hoc disclosure is completely inadequate  we need to pass my congressional accountability and hush fund elim…
thanks to tax reform  over 4 million americans have benefited from tax cut bonuses or a pay raise  to learn more ab…
rt  speakerryan  for defenders of the current system  this is their worst nightmare—a tax code so simple that most can file on a postcard-s…
rt  foxnews    repseanduffy on  speakerryan s departure   if you look at what we ve done in the house under paul ryan s leadership  we ve a…
1 000 s of me vets who live long distances from togus & other va facilities have used choice to help them receive h…
ny needs to upgrade its 911 systems  yet  nygovcuomo has been diverting its funding for years  putting public safet…
rt  ucla  remembering bruin women who died serving in wwii ➡️ womens history month
farms  businesses and families are suffering due to lack of connectivity not only in  ga12  but across this nation …
 losthitchhiker  indivisibleca48 was at numerous civic & community events & debated my opponent during election cycle ur side lost
  repcurbelo was proud to introduce the bipartisan  vita  permanence act w/  repdannydavis to extend free tax prep s…
rt  rephartzler  my statement on  hascrepublicans passage of the  fy19ndaa  →
on wednesday  preston mobley  a third generation farmer from moultrie  will join a panel of producers from across t…
for more on  external stakeholders  see the political groups she s been meeting with *instead of* helping working f…
omnibus is by no means perfect  but includes many critical conservative priorities and fulfills congress s most vi…
keep an eye out sunday for my interview on full measure with  sharylattkisson  we need to change the way washington…
wishing you and your family a blessed christmas and happy holidays 
rt  jessicaasmith8    repdavidyoung says tariffs will hurt farmers in iowa  he says 60% of iowa s soybeans are exported to china and he s w…
rt  andyspecht  looks like  reppittenger is on the committee in charge of placing a billy graham statue at the u s  capitol ncpol ncga ht…
rt  financialcmte  rep  luetkemeyer  repblainepress is chairing this hearing happening now 
future hoosier farmers in the house  wyatt  bloomington  is in d c  today representing our next generation of farme…
our framework for taxreform will allow middle-income americans to keep more of their paychecks
rt  freep  nuclear waste storage near lake huron  congress pushes back
icymi - rep gibbs talks tax reform at north ridgeville roundtable  oh07  tax reform
investing in rural broadband and ensuring our rural communities are thriving is one of my top priorities for the up…
today legislation to reauthorize the  fcc passed the house  an important provision in this bill now makes it illega…
this has been a multi-year  multi-congress  multi-administration effort  in fact  i supported both the comprehensiv…
tune in 📺  live on the  ingrahamangle on  foxnews tonight  discussing the latest on the need for legislation like t…
rt  sarahdwire    darrellissa says he ll vote no on the gop tax bill  says the conference version is better but  the changes do not go far…
rt  houstontx  the public is invited to a celebration of life honoring former first lady barbara bush details here 
history has shown that when common-sense reforms are implemented and the right incentives are in place  people are…
when is  facebook going to follow through and stop allowing illegal online pharmacies to sell opioids on their platform  zuckerberg hearing
rt  waysandmeansgop  w&m members  spoke with americans about our better way for tax reform  health care  & poverty  watch the highlights ht…
joined summit on rural america to discuss the 2014 farm bill & its impact on rural development in areas like western ok
hurricane irma recovery
2017 was an historic year of accomplishments and progress  we defeated isis  slashed regulations  passed historic t…
nice afternoon meeting with 8th graders from around whitfield county  thanks for joining me  senatorisakson 
thank you to resurgens orthopedics in fayetteville for hosting me yesterday and sharing their work in  ga03 
this morning s portal bridge malfunction in new jersey is further proof that leaders across all levels of governmen…
as the school year comes to an end and springcleaning begins   streatorffa in  il16  is working w/ the crayon initi…
today is national ag day  please join me in thanking the ranchers  farmers  and producers in east tennessee who work…
 freedom is never more than one generation away from extinction  we didn t pass it to our children in the bloodstre…
putin is a threat to everything good & decent about humanity  he s a brutal ex-kgb russian thug who terrorizes  med…
tax reform works  here is another example  cc  mccormickspices
rt  housegop  children s lives are at stake  it s time for our friends across the aisle to stop playing games with chip funding 
how many mass murderers were prescribed drugs as children  how many were on or had stopped taking psychiatric pharm…
got back from  hasc  hearing on modernizing the army in eastern europe to defend against russian aggression  now do…
  repgoodlatte speaking in favor of the  ada education and reform act   the bottom line is  more access for more americans more quickly  
working together we can fix our parks and maintain america s treasures for generations to come  find your park
nick in the am  rep  darin lahood to join house ways and means committee  includes quote from  repkevinbrady and  a…
rt  realdonaldtrump  a disgraceful verdict in the kate steinle case  no wonder the people of our country are so angry with illegal immigrat…
my first read of the day 
for the 14th straight year  texas was ranked as the  best state for business  by chief executive magazine …
i stopped  cvshealth in sikeston to talk about how the tax cuts and jobs act has been life changing for so many folks …
today is the last day to get your submission in for this year s congressional art compeition  submit your piece her…
the idaho state board of education &  inl broke ground on 2 new buildings in idaho falls today  many have labored e…
thx  flgovscott  so honored to be recognized for my contributions to securing the future of the jewish state while…
thank you   arizona_dps trooper mark gilberg for your 37 years of service and commitment to our state 
rt  ylanmui    jim_jordan says no funding for border *wall* in omnibus   why do you think nancy pelosi and chuck schumer are smiling ear to…
are you part of the 17-year low 4 1% unemployed and are looking for a job  according to  cnnmoney  new hires are…
i wrote a letter to the navy two weeks ago with  rephartzler and over 40 members urging them to seriously consider…
and thank you to  irtl   nrlc   sbalist   frcdc   frcaction   march_for_life and  mflaction for supporting this pro…
posey to help kick-off 3rd annual cocoa beach  foot prints in the sand  kidney walk may 10th  politics
thank you for your leadership   speakerryan  i m thankful to call you a colleague and friend  hoping for many wonde…
the world witnessed the best and worst of humanity that day  fifteen years later  we remember the best
it s hard not to smile on your birthday  hope you re enjoying your first birthday spent in congress   repjohncurtis 
this week  i got to welcome home some of o k s heroes right here in  dc   i let them know how thankful i was that th…
the national non-emergency mobile number act  which rep  brooks introduced w/ repannaeshoo  would direct the fcc to…
rt  dcexaminer  omnibus boondoggle shows gop has failed to drain the swamp by  repralphnorman
those of us born in the united states won the  lottery  of life  we understand the desire of others to come to a la…
today  i had the honor of hosting local leaders from lumberton for a discussion on local issues and priorities 
read the american health care act bills here  readthe bill repealand replace
victims of sexual harassment should not be forced into silence  my bill  the victims  voice and transparency act  g…
i will never get tired of reading stories like these   nc10  soldier stationed in germany comes home for the holiday…
happy mother s day to all of the amazing moms in the second district  thank you for all that you do 
i join  realdonaldtrump in commending exxon on investment in american energy and jobs 
top five urgent fixes to our broken immigration system  ✅ build the wall ✅ address visa overstays ✅ defund sanctuar…
rt  rulesreps  the flags of the capitol have been lowered to half-staff in honor of our dynamic ranking member  louiseslaughter  she was a…
rt  unionpacific  tech tuesday  st  louis service unit carman welder tom hottenrott is holding a mobile ultrasonic wheel defect detector  a…
here s my statement on the passage of the bipartisan budget act →
some  iowa nice  in washington dc  thanks to the rieck family from cedar rapids for letting us show you around the…
most of omni was previously voted on  maspa passed house in sept  meaning members got 6 months to read  and most a…
with this bill  the typical family of four earning the median family income of  73 000 will receive a tax cut of  2…
rt  rdc5120  it was great having congressman  boblatta in the building today  thank you for spending your time with us as seeing what being…
it appears that the train hit a garbage truck  praying for the individuals in the truck 
we have an intense debate right now on floor of the house  democrats are throwing a tantrum because the…
the schumer shutdown is a desperate attempt to distract from a booming economy and a year of historic accomplishments 
i am looking forward to seeing the students of  ar3  at academy day who are interested in pursuing service academies…
senate dems want to shut down the federal government and deny health insurance to children across america over an a…
rt  foxnews  engineer stephen gunn receives the medal of valor for rescuing an unconscious man in a house set on fire by an arsonist  all w…
tomorrow my staff is holding mobile office hours in fort yates and carson  click the link below for details 
today s tax reform good news  loram  a railway maintenance equipment company in hamel  giving all non-executive emp…
americans in 48 states  including california  are set to see lower utility bills because of tax reform  with summer…
 ff   hurdonthehill
tal franklin  who led the training uses a number of innovative techniques through video and hands on activities to…
rt  waysandmeansgop   folks at the lower end of the economic spectrum suffer if we wring our hands & lose a once in a generation opportunit…
for the ag community  a solution to section 199a of the tax code was included in the budget bill 
 repsinema thanks so much 
congress must cont  & expand the investments we ve made 4 families w/ autism  & we can t do it w/o incredible advo…
rt  repblainepress  this morning  federalreserve chairman jay powell appeared before the  financialcmte for the first time  i look forward…
rt  houseforeign  ahead of today s 10amet hearing on iran  read chmn  repedroyce s remarks
icymi   reparrington via  lubbockonline  our reforms to the  snap  prgm aren t just about being good stewards of tax…
rt  cityofoceanside  there is now a mandatory evacuation in effect for areas in oceanside  the red area in the attached map is a mandatory…
new policy ➡️ new economy ➡️ new jobs this is great news for america s 30 million small businesses  let s keep th…
president trump hit a home run with his  scotus  pick 
proud to cosponsor hr 613 with  repmckinley   reptommarino &  usrepricknolan  this bipartisan bill will ensure fede…
i am still dismayed and saddened by the loss of kayla mueller… isis must be defeated 
caught up with  okhorizontv in cheyenne to reflect on the importance of ag educators like gary kirk to our community
rt  brentlsaunders  president reagan had it right   whenever we lower the tax rates  our entire nation is better off   tax reform
gracias  dlasamericas 
be sure to thank your nurses this week  the care and compassion they provide is vital to any hospital visit and the…
fact  personal information can simply be redacted or blacked out 
live now  sub oversight hears directly from executives of five drug distributors at the heart of our bipartisan inv…
today our neighbors in gainesville are welcoming congresional medal of honor recipients for their annual medal of h…
rt  housegop  you can t deny that the tax cutsand jobs act is benefitting americans in big ways  1  nearly 83 million americans are seeing lo…
rt  ij  despite the bewildering size for the omnibus—2 232 pages—not a single page includes the house-approved amendments against civil for…
looking forward to joining  cvpayne this afternoon on  foxnews  your world with neil cavuto  at 4 38pm est/1 38pm pst  tune in 
rt  housecommerce  live now  sub environment hears from  epascottpruitt regarding the fy2019  epa budget &gt &gt 
today the  housecommerce advanced several bills to combat the opioid epidemic  including two of my bipartisan bills…
rt  housegop  thanks to the tax cutsand jobs act  small biz owners now have the opportunity to… ✓ invest in their employees ✓ grow their busi…
rt  repstevepearce  this morning   ustreasury mnuchin will address the  financialcmte as chairman of the financial stability oversight coun…
please join me at the rock hill diner this friday morning at 8 a m  for  coffee with your congressman   looking f…
excited to be on with  joetalkshow now - listen at
enjoyed visiting specification rubber products  inc  s headquarters and manufacturing facility…
rt  repmcsally  proud to have worked for 4 months to craft this policy & introduce it last week with  repmccaul  repgoodlatte &  raul_labra…
rt  speakerryan  this is a great victory for our men and women in uniform  we ultimately reached a bipartisan compromise that fully funds o…
gathered today on top of flatside pinnacle to talk about my legislation that would add more than 600 acres of exist…
the ag industry depends on our waterways to export their commodities  but the crumbling locks and dams put a strain…
this week  i had the opportunity to tour g a09 s kubota facility and discuss trade policy and growing american busi…
rt  scotttparkinson    republicanstudy chairman  repmarkwalker will be testifying shortly at the  rulesreps on earmarks
in 2016  the federal govt awarded  1 1 billion in performance pay bonuses  every cent  however  was hidden from pub…
rt  scontrerasgcs  all  gcschoolsnc will be closed tomorrow  april 16  for students and staff as we assess tonight s storm damage  only ess…
rt  netanyahu  we ve shared this material with the united states  and the united states can vouch for its authenticity  we will also share…
what i m reading 
rt  coronafiredept  beginning at 6 pm  mandatory evacuations for canyon fire burn area due to potential flooding and debris flows 
our local family farms are this country s original small businesses  today  as part of national small business week…
 replizcheney is on the  housefloor managing the rule for h r  36 – pain-capable unborn child protection act  watch live on  cspan
great news today for the gulf coast   secretaryzinke and  interior announced alabama and other gulf states will rec…
watch live  leveraging blockchain technology to improve supply chain management and combat counterfeit goods
rt  stevescalise  a top digital strategist for the obama campaign said facebook allowed them to use data in ways others could not because t…
sad news about a beloved byron institution  a community favorite  grateful to our brave firefighters for their swi…
congrats to reno s  davidsongifted for winning 1st   the regional science bowl  good luck at nationals …
rt  thepatrioths  great work by our students and faculty  p h s info pwcsproud
space must get the attention and priority it deserves  that s why i m discussing strategically planning the future…
 tbt   whiphoyer  rescinding wasteful spending is  a reasonable thing to do   i agree  every member of congress sh…
let s work to make the world a place where people with autism are empowered to live independent  healthy lives …
i flew with  potus  realdonaldtrump to h&k equipment  just outside pittsburgh on thursday to see firsthand the new…
 sarahpaddon1 people determine what candidates to elect the winner then goes to washington & uses his best judgement cycle then repeated
do you know a talented young artist in florida s second district  encourage them to participate in the congressiona…
my thoughts and prayers have been with texans impacted by hurricane harvey  here are ways we can help 
jp morgan chase announced higher wages for 500 missouri employees  more hiring  and increased home lending due to t…
icymi - this morning i joined breitbart news daily to talk facebook  the tech industry  and free speech  listen her…
thank you to seniors in minnetonka for inviting me out to talk about the lifting of medicare s therapy caps — a big…
this week was packed with meetings on  fl18  water infrastructure projects  it must be a top priority this spring t…
rt  secnielsen    dhsgov appreciates all the members of congress who have voiced their support for  potus plan to deploy  usnationalguard t…
appreciated the opportunity to sit down with students & teachers today at st  joseph high school to discuss solutio…
rt  housecommerce  sub health has reconvened today s markup of 60  bipartisan legislative solutions to help combat the opioidcrisis &gt &gt  htt…
from october in  dcexaminer   but in exchange for the rsc s support  republican leaders promised to hold a vote on…
rt  thctt  thank you congressman  robwittman for visiting  thctt last week  we all enjoyed meeting with you to discuss what is happening in…
joining  tonykatz now to discuss the memo   93wibc
i had the chance to discuss congress s funding issues with a few of our military leaders and how the budget and app…
rt  abensonij  an unbelievably sad headline 
all this fakenews about the farm bill has me fired up 
happening now ⬇️
rt  hollykmichels  ice on the windows  it s a beautiful cold morning in montana  helenamt ice
took to house floor to support midnight reg relief act to stop last-minute regs that harm business   housejudiciary…
judge gorsuch will fill a nearly yearlong vacancy on the supreme court & help move it towards a stricter interpretation of the constitution 
my statement on news regarding north korea 
democrats in the senate are holding the government  funding for our troops  and health care for 9 million children…
smith field site tapped to house airmail museum via  jgfortwayne
more good news resulting from the passage of the tax cut and jobs act  thermofisher  who employs over 500 people in…
it s  kyfb fly-in week  great to sit down with the kfb executive committee this afternoon 
rt  repchrisstewart   tbt  one year ago today  thank you  realdonaldtrump and  secretaryzinke for ending the abuse of the antiquities act an…
t-minus one week until the deadline for the congressional art competition  are you submitting your art   ar3… 
proud to introduce early hearing detection & intervention act w/  dorismatsui   senkaineoffice  &  senrobportman …
rt if you re excited to say goodbye to this 32-year old tax code  utpol
rt  davereichert  proud to support hr1066 by  repderekkilmer &  repnewhouse  to support our vets  we must ensure the va is working as effic…
great visiting with rory van poucke and don rea who were in town for national golf day 2018  golf generates  3 9 bi…
today  john  ride4lungs  travels through  mo03  on his cross country bike ride to raise awareness for lungcancer  we support you 
today s bit of tax reform good news  priority courier experts  in st  paul  gave employees bonuses and each employe…
media alert  chairman shuster will be on  foxnews at 1 30pm today to discuss the white house infrastructure plan
it was great to attend the inkana bridge opening ceremony  i m proud to have this national treasure in our backyard…
 cspan schumer shutdown
i ll be hosting a facebook live town hall today at 11 45am  tune in & submit any questions here 
honored to speak at today s economic development summit honoring dr  martin luther king jr 
harrison helped me vote in today s jefferson parish election  geaux vote
on this day in 1904  the u s  started construction on the panama canal transportation history  thepanamacanal
we must continue to strengthen our defenses and ensure overmatch of any russian and chinese capability developments…
enjoyed speaking with  thebccc to discuss the latest developments in washington on issues facing  pa12  and our coun…
  repdesantis  i hope the witnesses can shed light on what the trump team got right here  what we could improve on …
it was great to visit with friends in lawrenceburg this morning at the rotary pancake breakfast 
rt  kyledcheney  matt mika  left   critically wounded by a gunman at baseball practice last year  made his return to the field today   repl…
the president owes it to our troops to sign this bill into law   fy16ndaa   ca08 
full agreement with  untprez  thank you  untcoachgmac and  meangreenmbb  what a night 
joining  morningsmaria at 6 am central  we ll discuss the  usembassyjlm opening & more  tune in to  foxbusiness 
had a blast reading to students at paramount academy in kalamazoo  march is reading month  mi06 
rt  hurdonthehill  when we talk and listen to one another  we can find overlap and work together to get things done  i ve enjoyed working a…
rt  foxbusiness    replouiegohmert on  nancypelosi wanting to revisit the tax plan   she wants it bipartisan so they don t get thrown out w…
the protecting our children s future act will allow congress to responsibly budget for the future and rein in out o…
i think it is commonsense for additional vetting to occur for the countries that are home to isis and al qaeda 
thank-you to parker hannifin for the invitation to visit last week  the company employs 116 workers in montcalm cou…
rt  cmuniversity  the suspect in the shooting incident that happened on cmu s campus is now in custody  get more details at
i m so glad the north korean prisoners have been released  let s not forget about josh holt…
yesterday i met with members of the alabama als association  and they shared with me their priorities for 2018  als…
 2/2  tomorrow from 10 30am-3pm in courtroom c of the pasquotank county courthouse  my staff will be available to y…
kicking off our veterans benefits workshop in batavia  appreciate all the local agencies coming out to assist our v…
great news from the  ustreasury today  plans announced to eliminate 298 regulations in the tax code reducing the re…
i m honored to receive the  true blue  award from the family research council and appreciate the important attentio…
jobless claims in u s  drop to lowest in almost five decades tax reform
happy mother s day to all the incredible moms across our great state of texas and the nation  especially  to my won…
 drmichellesays  shannonbrooke01  lesapr  losthitchhiker i rarely lose temper& never on tweeter  however some critics can t take refutation
looking forward to seeing everyone tomorrow morning for pastries with palmer 
excited to welcome  vp to ohio today 
despite resistance from the washington establishment  president trump s first year has been marked with robust econ…
in between eating christmas leftovers and spending time with a whole host of relatives  i was hoping you might   
it was such an honor to join the family and friends of the legendary chief keith brower  a loudoun native  who is r…
your government shouldn t be run on short term deals  our troops have made a long term commitment to defending our…
update  i am still in washington and working to reopen the government  this schumer shutdown is immoral and a true…
the  vp is on the ground in huntsville 
interesting note  the dpsa is highest recognition that the sec  of the navy may pay to a civilian not employed by the navy   hascrepublicans
chairman  rep_stevewomack   members of the house and senate budget committees rely on  uscbo as an objective  impar…
 waysandmeansgop social security subcommittee hearing on preventing & identifying disability fraud is wrapping up 1/6
great to meet with  dsisdsuper today  congrats on being named principal of the year  education
this morning we learned that the austin bombings suspect has died  i am grateful to  govabbott   austin_police  and…
🚨live at 2pm  a test of u s  borders 📺 
rt  rephartzler  our veterans deserve accountability from  deptvetaffairs  house voting this wk on hr5620 to bring v a accountability
america s farmers and rural communities deserve access to broadband that is fast & reliable  thank you  potus for s…
nearly all new u s  oil production has come from non-federal lands  this administration has stood in the way   sotu 
news releases
yesterday  to recognize and honor veterans for their selfless service and sacrifice to our nation  mayor jack graha…
rt  facethenation  this morning   facethenation talks exclusively to  tgowdysc  don t miss it 
always a pleasure to join a wonderful organization like  marchofdimes for their annual functions  marcia and i have…
examining the lilac fire burn area with  cal_fire  completely heartbroken by the devastation it has brought to our…
in 2017  135 police officers were killed in the line of duty  that s a father  a mother  a brother  or a sister  wh…
i visited mallory nesmith  crkennedyhigh to congratulate her on acceptance to  af_academy  mallory is a leader in…
secured major wins to support letterkenny army depot  gem-t stays in army inventory  no new  brac    fy18ndaa 
hosting neighborhood office hours this afternoon in beaufort and bluffton   
rt  sencapito  taxreform will create more opportunity for every working american  business and family 
the securing america s future act is the framework to strengthen border security  increase interior enforcement & r…
veteran id cards now available  all veterans can now go online and order brand new identification cards free of cha…
rt  rephensarling  rt if you agree – we must protect innocent life and defend the rights of those who are unable to defend themselves  mar…
it was great having clarksville police officer john miller in the office today for a tour of the capitol  thank you…
rt  khqadavid  this united states flag was flown over our nation s capitol at the request of  replahood thankful for the congressman s supp…
rt  decluitt  last night was a great evening for waco meals on wheels  the wild game dinner & charity auction…
on monday  i had a great tour of  electrolux in kinston  which has been in operation since 1989  this plant employs…
my first read of the day   rep  gosar discusses issues with local officials   via  parkerpioneer
h r  5617 defunds federal immigration enforcement dollars from cities in which sanctuary policies violate immigrati…
my  congressionalac is open  students in nj-11 can sign up to test their coding knowledge 
looking forward to it  join us tomorrow at 2 30pm est right here on twitter 
live now  tune in to  squawkcnbc to hear the  gopleader and i discuss tax day  squawkonthe hill
the committee stands in recess subject to the call of the chair 
in addition to higher wages and lower taxes   potus  tax cut plan is also delivering relief from obamacare  read my…
rt  nlintheusa  the members of the dutch and eu caucuses visit eygelshoven nato support base to discuss dutch contributions to  nato  missio…
rt  newamericanecon  yakima valley s economy could take a hit if immigrants are forced to leave in march   repnewhouse weighs in 
rt  austinkellerman  it s a hit   repfrenchhill
senate democrats are threatening to vote no on our bill to fund healthcare for 9 million children because they want…
your opinion is important to me  if you live in california s 10th district  please take my survey to share your vie…
today we honor the members of our armed forces who served our county during the vietnam war  thank you for your ser…
the president s agreement with iran is a breathtakingly dangerous act iran deal iran nuclear
discussed the importance of me too congress act on fox news last night  this legislation is a step in the right dir…
rt  officialalamo  march 2  1836  on the ninth day of the siege  unbeknownst to defenders of the alamo  the provisional texas government at…
starting soon  the legislative branch subcommittee holds a hearing on the fy19 budget for  usgao  watch live …
sad to hear about the passing of billy graham  but what a legacy he has left on this earth  i know when he saw je…
rt  michigannews  ubereats launches in grand rapids
rt  gopsusports  only the best mascots get their own holiday 🦁 happy international cat day   nittanylion  we are
thanks to everyone who braved the cold weather to come talk with me at the lincoln county courthouse earlier today …
rt  henryjess3  chs speaks & their congressman kindly listens   repsmucker studentvoicesmatter
i m still working hard in dc to end the schumer shutdown while our vikings are in philly defending the north star s…
good news -- our bipartisan legislation to help more community college transfer students earn degrees was included…
  flyheading360 i m glad to be from  ok  in this case  but we re hoping to see the senate consider  reprichhudson…
we appreciated the opportunity to visit  meltrotter this afternoon for a tour and information session  thank you fo…
 regulations usurp role of congress  oped via  morningconsult
my statement on  jcpoa  
thank you to  ritzmanpharmacy for hosting me last month  need to give pharmacists flexibility & be part of comprehe…
today  house passes  reppoliquin bill 395-19 to protect investments of hardworking americans ➡
drones are even being used in agriculture  unmanned aircraft can help with soil and field analysis and precision pl…
tragedy that a special counsel investigation was launched by leaking of the memos  which comey has admitted   no ba…
great to be with  twinwestchamber as always 
students from  wrmiddleschool weren t going to let a little snow put a damper on their trip to washington  d c  tha…
assuming my role of chief momma in charge earlier this week  tbt
enjoyed sitting down and talking with you 
we must defend the 1st amendment and finally tell president erdogan that he and his henchmen are not above the law …
must read  here s my op-ed in tomorrow s edition of usa today re fisa abuse  so much wasn t disclosed to fisa judge…
  repcurbelo met with leaders from the  sdadechamber today to discuss the growth of south dade businesses after…
 foodrescueus please contact my office and share with us your ideas and experiences 
we are working through 60 bills to end the opioid crisis 
  secretaryperry announces  1 8 billion for two new supercomputers at  livermore_lab and  ornl that will enable tre…
we also passed the no assistance for assad act to make sure that u s  humanitarian relief  intended to help the syr…
rt  davidwebbshow   mikekellypa at 9 40 to discuss on introducing a bipartisan bill to improve health savings accounts  siriusxmpatriot c…
great to see some of our local  il16  electric co-ops here on capitol hill to discuss the farm bill and rural…
tomorrow  the house will debate h r  4 - the faa reauthorization act of 2018  learn more about this bill and why i…
read chairman  petesessions statement on the passage of  repmcsally s bill to bolster border security --&gt 
rt  tamu  today  we commissioned 138 members of the  aggiecorps into the u s  armed services — the most since 1984  thank you  ags  🇺🇸  tam… 
the deadline for the 2018 congressional art competition 🎨 is friday  april 20  high school students interested in p…
may your home and heart be filled with togetherness  joy and happiness  wishing you a very happy passover 
rt  ranoffic  thank you  reptipton for your leadership on this effort and support of our nationalparks find your park
posey calls for travel ban on those from ebola epidemic countries
in clinton county at  lhu  lock haven university for walking tour & education forum
rt  jpgarvey    repstefanik as a franchised dealer in your state  i urge you to support s j res 57 to preserve consumer auto loan discounts…
rt  arginusa  very positive meetings of 🇦🇷 security secretary  eugenioburzaco at house with  rep_stevewomack   repjeffduncan &  repsires  &…
the g r o w act will reform the federal laws that have resulted in hundreds of billions of gallons of water being flus…
remembering the 45th anniversary of one of the greatest moments in american history - landing on the moon 
now  the committee s hearing to review  deptvetaffairs fiscal year 2019 budget request is live  stream it here 
rt  repjimbanks  for too long  congress has operated under the misguided notion that defense spending must be matched by non-defense spendi…
🚨passed → h r  1417  amending the national law enforcement museum act to allow the  nlemuseum to acquire  possess …
rt  realdonaldtrump  today  in the center of this great chamber lies billy graham – an ambassador for christ who reminded the world of the…
yesterday  i sent a letter to the chief administrative officer asking for my pay to be withheld during the governme…
today we honor the life and profound legacy of dr  martin luther king jr  his legacy of love  justice and equality…
the  ustraderep s decision to impose a 30% tariff  aka tax  on imported solar panels threatens jobs and ultimately…
reps  leonard lance and josh gottheimer unveiled a plan   that would preserve the full salt break and restore other…
thanks to norman rossignol for his service to our nation during wwii and the korean war 
rt  speakerryan  today  congress approved a once-in-a-generation tax reform bill  now  this historic legislation will be sent to the presid…
enjoyed seeing all of the art from the first district s talented high school students  congrats to jose mendez for…
chairman  replukemesser on the financial c h o i c e act  which creates more opportunity for all americans and ends wall…
rt  houseforeign  chairman  repedroyce welcomes  repjohncurtis to the committee
this afternoon  the house  with my support  rejected the u n  security council s anti-israel resolution which    
rt  housegop  the economy is heating up thanks to the tax cutsand jobs act  and you don t want to miss a moment of the excitement that millio…
  sentoddyoung and i have introduced aumf legislation that is a great starting point for this debate  passing a new…
3  improve school security technology stop school violence act
lady cougars 1 of 4 alive in tx - cougar road trip to georgetown  or watch on  nfhsnetwork  kickoff noon 4/20   globalvine  cougarnation_jc
rt  repbrianbabin  this small business week we recognize entrepreneurs across the country & throughout the 36th district who contribute to o…
this weekend let us recommit ourselves to the great goal of dr  martin luther king jr   a nation where all people a…
somebody should ask how many gitmo terrorists the president released this week and how that makes us safer  guns in america
rt  txrandy14  the individual mandate is one of the many crippling aspects of obamacare  it has got to go  proud to join my colleagues in s…
build the wall  congress is acting like americans have changed their minds  80-90% of illegal drugs come from or th…
rt  dispatchalerts  thirty ohio army national guard soldiers headed to puerto rico today  to help our citizens when they need us  
rt  jim_jordan  9  why did the fbi release text messages between peter strzok and lisa page  normally  ongoing investigation is reason not…
i sat down w/ devex to discuss the future of u s  foreign aid & how to make it more effective  agencies like the…
had fun meeting with students in the accelerated studies program at orange park junior high  great group of kids wi…
rt  repkevinbrady  passed  tax cuts and jobs act  long awaited relief for hardworking americans is on the way 
rt  houseagnews  tune in   10 am to watch  repfranklucas chair a subcmte hrg on small watershed infrastructure  house ag
 cathymcmorris thank you   cathymcmorris 
dc --&gt  tn  honored to join  realdonaldtrump as he addresses the issues facing farmers and rural america 
russia can t help us solve problems -- it instigates them  just this week  reports highlighted how russia-based kas…
this is a strong bill - one that provides greater certainty to our agriculture producers  increased research opport…
good morning san diego  i ll be on kusi this morning at 6 40 am  pst   tune in 
today i had an important phone call with sheldon lineback  executive director of  mochiefs  about how we can expand…
last week  i took  rollcall around for a behind the scenes tour of my washington office – check it out 
for americans  obamacare means more red tape and more expensive health care 
 9 of 10  known as the gem state  idaho produces 72 types of precious and semi-precious stones  more than any other…
rt  wayzatahs  wayzata boys basketball are section champs and headed to state with a 63-61 win over hopkins  way to go  wayzatabhoops 🏀 ⛹️…
great news for fl  just got out of a meeting with house leaders -- significant disaster relief is on the way  new…
why should congress continue pouring taxpayer dollars into cities that defy federal immigration law  that shouldn t…
rt  roslehtinen  proud 2 receive american latino influencer award  the work continues 4  latinomuseum that honors contributions of latinos…
congratulations to jerry dishong on the final day of his incredible 51  year career in western nebraska broadcastin…
rt  deberrygroup   mactxpress rebuilding the military starts with turning the funding around  need recruitment and equipment repair  satod…
last week the house voted to support our troops   potus delivered his first  sotu   & 3 companies announced plans to…
i had the honor of giving the keynote speech at the 2017 data summit at msu this   
looking forward to  potus  realdonaldtrump s  sotu  tonight as we work together to continue delivering results for h…
rt  housegop  there are countless ways that the tax cutsand jobs act will be better than our old and outdated tax code  here are our the top…
 kluskee  craighdurham funny - i didn t call for a partisan solution  i called for a solution that requires 50 vote…
last night  the house unanimously passed my bill to improve the va   housevetaffairs  housegop
national ffa week starts today  i m a proud ffa alumni  and have my ffa jacket from high school hanging in my offic…
rt  stevescalise  proud to see my hero  colonel  repbradwenstrup  awarded with the army s distinguished soldier s medal at a ceremony today…
obamacare just doesn t make sense  our better way plan gives you more control & more choices …
welcome home  go tribe
congress has a responsibility to the american ppl to ensure our children & grandchildren can count on social security like folks do today 
september is suicide prevention awareness month  congress is taking action  suicide prevention lifeline  8002738255
rt  repanniekuster  improving info and statistics about sex crimes will improve efforts to respond to the issue of sexual violence  learn a…
it was my honor to speak on the floor of the u s  house of representatives to honor the life of my colleague …
karen  ms  wheelchair louisiana  is an inspiration  working hard every day to physically and figuratively  stand fo…
breaking news  i m happy to announce the hres128 will be on the floor of the house of representatives this coming…
rt  cathymcmorris  today  on the 50th anniversary of dr  king s assassination  we are reminded that we are still on a journey for a more pe…
rt  uniteky  congratulations to  rephalrogers for the beacon of hope award he received at  rxsummit  he is pictured with  universityofky pr…
heartening feature on america s yazidi community helping their compatriots in iraq against isis onslaught yazidi
today the house passed legislation that supports north america s united bid to host the 2026 fifa world cup  i m pr…
rt  fnc_ladies_rule   anhq  w/  shannonbream 2pm et  foxnews  repryanzinke will be one of the guests 
rt  justinamash  please read and share my joint op-ed with  repbarbaralee   there is no victory with endless war 
i will never forget my first billy graham crusade on a small black and white television when i was 14 - it made a l…
sub energy to hold  powering america  hearing on electric transmission infrastructure next week &gt &gt 
rt  wswamedia  great to see  repdavid at  breakthrubevaz s 475k sq ft facility that services over 6k accounts in az 
it was great to be w/ the dothan rotary club for their lunch meeting  i appreciated the opportunity to update the g…
proud to support this important legislation  tragically  earlier this year  over 100 michiganders were victims of f…
these last minute add-ins are exactly what my colleagues on  housejudiciary and i are working hard to end …
president & ceo of  bmoharrisbank   we re pleased to share the benefits of the strong economic conditions  and the…
as my staff & i continue to read through the white house s fy2019 budget proposal  i appreciate pres  trump s comm…
i was crabby   and not going to get emotionally invested again   i mean why  why do that to…
rt  normajtorres  introduced bipartisan resolution to push back on election interference with  judgetedpoe   repeliotengel  and  reprooney …
more benefits from the tax cutsand jobs act as  ups announces a  12 billion investment to help serve customers & incr…
  j_recruits ask rep ralph norman
if you check your check starting this month  you should notice more money in it thanks to the tax cuts and jobs act 
ahead of the ceremony in which reverend billy graham will lie in honor in the u s  capitol rotunda  i celebrated th…
great news for sabina - you can now dispose of unused prescription medication in the new drop box at the police dep…
thank you  ncstatecals and  ncstateies for meeting with me last week to discuss proven solutions to agricultural re…
last night  the house passed the otto warmbier act  which will enact sanctions on north korea s backers in china 
rt  houseappropsgop  chairman  usreprodney commends house passage of all 12 appropriations on time and on budget 
tax day is rarely a day of celebration  but this tax day we have something to be grateful for  this will be the las…
proud to join  peterwelch in introducing the special counsel independence & integrity act   hr5505    which would pr…
rt  alexclearfield  last december rep  rod blum introduced a bill to prohibit use of members  office funds for first class air travel  my s…
rt  foxnews    tgowdysc on russia investigation   i want to know everything there is to know about flynn and russia but i m not gonna inter…
update on the damage from the accident today involving a garbage truck and the train kris and i were on heading to…
rt  earlbrooker  8th district congressman mike gallagher  repgallagher joined the wtaq morning news with matt &  earlbrooker  israel  iran…
it was great hearing from  secnav76 richard spencer and my friend and former secretary of the u s  navy will ball o…
thank you to  ivankatrump for your support of this critical legislation to crack down on internet sex trafficking 
asking questions of facebook ceo mark zuckerberg now  tune in 
rt  housegop  rt to wish the  usarmyreserve a very happy birthday  u s a r birthday110
thank you for the kind words ron  looking forward to getting to work 
rt  steveknight25  small businesses play a bigger role in our economy than many people think  thanks to the tax cuts and jobs act  small bu…
 achasemahr  natresources  westerncaucus   achasemahr  you can always go to to look up a bi…
our veterans deserve to receive the care they were promised when they signed up to serve our nation   sotu 
rt  mikekellypa  as co-chairman of the house small brewers caucus  i m proud to celebrate craft beer week w/my fellow co-chairs by introduci…
rt  secstudiesgrp   it is critical that congress investigates unrwa  which operates under the united nations using a different definition o…
after years of stagnant wages & a stagnant economy  small business owners have a reason to dream again …
glad that consensus has emerged to stop taxpayer hushfund payments on behalf of members  should include my…
barbara bush was an incredible wife  mother  and grandmother  as first lady  she was a champion of family literacy …
rt  foxnews  president trump wants tighter restrictions on food stamps under the new farm bill   mikeemanuelfox reports  cavuto
today i spoke on the house floor to honor the life of rev  billy graham  known as  america s pastor   rev  graham w…
rt  westerncaucus  today  30 members of congress led by  repandybiggsaz and  repgosar urged the administration to move to add copper  zinc …
lost in the debate over tariffs and trade wars is the very real national security threat posed by state-backed chin…
rt  agi_policy  💧  transport subcommittee on water resource and the environment hearing on water infrastructure tomorrow  tune in thurs …
thank you  potus and  repkevinbrady for leading this effort 
great conversation monday w/ treasure valley water users association on regulatory & tax reform  next up  conservat…
spoke with  alana_austin with  graydcnews about what i m expecting to hear from  potus during tonight s  sotu   defe…
great pitch  matt 
read the memo
the budget resolution paves the way for tax reform  supports business growth & higher-paying jobs  read more …
orange county office of emergency management press briefing sept  9  12 p m  |
i will be coming on the jt show live from ms blood services at 10 00 ct  listen live 
my visit to the  va  hospital in salt lake — grateful to our vets for their service— grateful to those who care for…
rt  grpress  grand rapids clerk s office to be open saturday for absentee voting
we need steady investment  no more inconsistency  13 ships & increased funding is what we need in fy19 to get to 35…
house budget resolution uses reconciliation to bring mandatory spending under control
rt  waysandmeansgop  watch → we ve been traveling districts and getting a glimpse into how tax reform will help americans across the nation…
rt  govtrack  h r  4301 by  repralphnorman passed the house yesterday  →senate   to designate the facility of the united states postal serv…
i have been working on this issue since coming to congress  fighting for an equitable deal for florida s communitie…
rt  donaldjtrumpjr  a special thanks today to the great men & women of the  nypdnews  fdny  secretservice  newyorkfbi and the joint terrori…
i ve introduced t r e a tact to remedy this exact problem  learn more here 
i encourage alabamians to clean out their medicine cabinets and show that we will not sit on the sidelines as membe…
rt  sdutideas    rep_hunter   qualcomm s acquisition by broadcom at any price would damage american security  htt…
good legislation gets clouded by excessive amendments & agendas  we need single subject bills to ensure transparency
let s leave the management of our salmon runs & hydropower energy to the scientists  not a judge  on the house floo…
discussing my trip to israel and the state of israel-u s  relations with  aviabelow 
tomorrow i will be joining chris and alisyn on  newday to talk about  sotu   tune in at 6 40am
the birthday boy  our son teddy is turning double digits today  the big 10  we ll be celebrating again tonight afte…
rt  speakerryan  in 2013—the last time we found ourselves in this position—here is what senator schumer said   no matter how strongly one f…
rt  gabby_hoffman  h r  2591  which modernizes the pittman-robertson act  was passed with unanimous consent this am in  natresources  good…
i look forward to working with administrator batory on ptc implementation 
rt  houseappropsgop  icymi  earlier today  the defense subcommittee held a hearing to conduct important oversight on the budget for the  us…
enjoyed speaking with the  usglc about the best ways to use diplomacy and development alongside a strong defense to…
rt  speakerryan  just now → with a unanimous vote  the house passed legislation to reform the congressional accountability act and help mak…
23 years ago we lost 168 americans in the oklahoma city bombing  the worst terrorist attack on u s  soil until 9/11 …
rt  cityofarlington   wear blue day  highlights stormwater divisions all over texas during flood awareness week & encourages our residents…
our veterans were willing to sacrifice their lives to defend liberty  now it s our job to follow through on the pro…
i am now accepting submissions from high school students in the 13th district for this year s congressional art com…
in washington state  we often refer to ourselves as the most-trade dependent state  highlighting how 40% of our jobs are linked to trade 
american citizens  like tony kim  are still being detained in north korea for no reason  mike pompeo is already act…
rt  henrymcmaster  small businesses are the backbone of our economy  it s great that  potus and his administration know that and support th…
congrats  nasa &  newhorizons2015  initial photos from the probe are simply amazing  looks like a planet to me
my dc staff welcomed & thanked veterans from ashland co on friday  these and all vets served to protect our freedom…
today s passage of the bipartisan budget act is a win for our men and women in uniform  including those at…
rt  foxnews    jim_jordan   it s going to let families keep more money  it s going to bring down the corporate rate and the small business…
rt  houseagnews  in this week s farm bill friday   austinscottga08 &  farmbureau pres   zippyduvall discuss the need to maintain a strong  f… 
miss rosie was a good friend who served great food  our entire office will miss her   la05 
thank you for having me  usgsa  it s important to use emerging technologies to modernize government into the 21st c…
the victims in las vegas are in my prayers 
the snow is coming down in washington  but my d c  office is open and ready to assist you  if you re in town for sp…
yesterday i visited premium peanut in douglas  ga for the grand opening of their peanut oil facility  premium peanu…
the house has done its work  it s time for the senate to do theirs and reopen the government  here s our illinois…
urging  senatorcantwell &  pattymurray to uphold my prohibition on or s tolling scheme 
icymi  i weighed in on several topics this morning on  kusinews  watch here 
myth   a lot of the data that epa uses to protect public health & ensure that we have clean air & clean water relie…
thx to members of  alcreditunions from the tn valley for stopping by my washington office for a discussion on provi…
thanks for having me  it s always great to get back to holton  keep up the great work and go wildcats 
it was an honor to meet again today with  ltglesliesmith  the  usarmy s new inspector general and a former commande…
tune into  cspan to watch  michaelcburgess manage the rule on h r  849 - protecting seniors  access to medicare act 
tomorrow morning tune in to  foxbusiness at 7am central  talking to  mariabartiromo re  comey s interview tonight and more   morningsmaria
i took opportunity to speak w/ u s  trade rep robert lighthizer today about trade concerns i am hearing from grower…
over fifty house members join u s  rep  posey to demand irs independent special prosecutor  politics
 international unfair competition through the sale of counterfeit and pirated products has been dramatically increa…
watch  at yesterday s  hascrepublicans subcommittee on readiness hearing  i asked our witnesses to share their view…
rt  waysandmeansgop  here is how some  southwestair workers are spending their taxreform bonuses  👕new washer/dryer for family 🏝a special…
  repzoelofgren and i are working on bipartisan legislation to close loopholes used to outsource american jobs and…
allowing private citizens to help fund the costs of moving our embassy would save taxpayer dollars and show america…
watch  repbillshuster s opening statement now on  cspan on the faa reauthorization act
rt  fox7austin  earth day festival was rescheduled to 4/29 due to weather   laurenonfox7 got details abt this wknd s event from  hustontill…
my letter  which is fully endorsed by the  nra and and is cosigned by 15 congressional members  can be read here 
served lunch and met with senior citizens at hills and dales  and of course visited with my friend  joy  the work o…
thank you  thejtshow and  supertalk for having me on this morning live at  msbloodservices
rt  housegop  do you want to pay off some of your student loans  or maybe send your kids to soccer camp  thanks to the tax cutsand jobs act …
wapo   soldiers guard europe s streets from terrorism  does that weaken them for war   pretty sure terrorism is wh…
congress  authority to allocate funding is one of our most effective checks on the executive branch  stop slush funds
wishing a happy 110th birthday to the united states army reserve  u s a r birthday110
it s imperative that the united states stands with the united kingdom and our international partners in signaling r…
the committee will reconvene at 9 pm this evening to finish consideration of the extension of continuing appropriat…
on easter  we recognize a divine act of love that inspires millions of americans & billions of people around the w…
i am humbled and honored to co-host the national prayer breakfast this year with  repcharliecrist  watch it live no…
rt  housegop  did you hear  thanks to the tax cutsand jobs act   ups will be investing  12 billion in logistics and  5 billion into pensions …
rt  aaaedelivers  rep   rodneydavis discusses airport priorities at the aaae/aci-na washington legislative conference  airportscouncil air…
the president has authority to use force against isis  he s attempting to pass the buck to congress   sotu 
i had a great talk with alabama members of the equipment dealers association and the associated equipment dealers a…
i recently toured the uab center for aids research  cfar  and the 1917 clinic  the uab cfar is a leader in hiv/aids…
this morning i m speaking on  dcexaminer panel with  reptedyoho and  rodneydavis about the farm bill and the needs…
great visiting r h  barringer distributing company in greensboro today  always exciting to hear about their numerou…
congrats to reno s  mrdavidwise on taking home gold in the men s freeski halfpipe on his final run in…
video  today i chaired a  housejudiciary subcommittee hearing on sanctuary city policies & the opioid epidemic  wh…
rt  oceaneering  we were part of u s  congressman john culberson s recent visit to  nasa  as a supplier for nasa s space launch system and…
they are also dedicated to the fight against corruption and impunity that has held guatemala back and kept them fro…
i ll be live with  msnbc s  alivelshi at 3 10 pm et  12 10 pm pt  to discuss healthcare  be sure to tune in 
rt  houseappropsgop  the committee will mark up 5 bills in subcommittee and 4 bills in full committee this week  ht…
trump administration now allowing elephant and lion trophy  imports  on case by case basis  bad decision  should st…
today  we heard sec  mattis  starkest warning yet about the dangers of failing to fund our military  after the hous…
this month  we look to the strong women who have impacted our nation for the better and continue to do so for the f…
today in  cnnmoney   trucker shortage could mean more expensive goods  →
watch  okcfox tonight for my comments on waste watch4  and my concerns on the middle east and iran sanctions relief 
rt  foxbusiness    replouiegohmert on israel   who would have ever thought that president donald j  trump would be the president that kept…
 this is in fact our new american moment  president trump  yet  the d s sit there  bumps on a log  new american moment
we couldn t agree more   dolefoundation and  davhq  thank you for supporting the v a m i s s i o n act
this morning i visited the senior class at fort dale academy in greenville  i enjoyed our discussion - thanks for t…
congrats to coach  charlieaernst &  findlayoilers 🏀 team on an amazingseason  good luck in  ncaa2  tourney
gerry hart is great choice for suffolk county police commissioner  has done terrific job on li for fbi  look forwar…
on feb 12  1809  one of our greatest presidents was born  he preserved the union  abolished slavery  created idaho…
today  the house of representatives is celebrating the 200th birthday of frederick douglass  there are more than a…
another great year at the farm show serving some of the best milkshakes on the planet   i can t count how many year…
in response to assad chemical attacks on innocent men  women and children  president trump  along with our british…
rt  jecrepublicans  from  speakerryan  opportunity zones  help for distressed communities is on the way thanks to tax reform 
today  the late rev  billy graham will become only the fourth person in our nation s history to lie in honor in the…
today s tax reform good news  mn biotech firm  biotechne awarded bonuses to every employee as a result of the compa…
the house just voted for a 3rd time for long-term funding for our military  2 prior tries to give our troops resour…
on toward  mineralwellstx  the town hall kicks off at 3 30pm 🚘 tag me with  tx11  or on instagram 
icymi  my op-ed in the county compass regarding our dangerous national debt 
very sad to hear of the passing of rep  louise slaughter  my heart and prayers go out to her loved ones  she fought…
as co-chairman of the house small brewers caucus  i m proud to celebrate craft beer week w/my fellow co-chairs by in…
the opioid epidemic hits close to home for so many families in monroe county  thanks to all who came together at to…
  baltimorepolice  when police work w/ community   trust can be restored  lt russell police week  bpd  l e task force
my staff will be hosting satellite office hours in hanahan and johns island tomorrow   
this small business week local businesses have reason to celebrate because of the real benefits of tax reform ⬇️
it was great meeting with  cohhio and other local leaders for a roundtable focusing on extended housing and ending…
national right to life  nrlc why are you not in full throated support of hr 490  the heartbeat protection act 
rt  wgmbfox44  louisiana dotd announced overnight closures on northbound essen lane
hey russellville  my staff is excited to see you all today at 11am ct for our mobile office at pope county senior a…
today we honor the life of dr  martin luther king  jr   who was assassinated 50 years ago  king was an incredible l…
  stevescalise is that a serious question 
arkansas  be careful and be prepared  now is the time to review the emergency plan and be ready in case the worst h…
rt  afterschool4all  thank you  repandyharrismd for your support of afterschool programs  afterschool works
rt  deptvetaffairs  today is national vietnam war veterans day  take a moment today to say thank you to a veteran who served during the con…
rt  soundtaxpolicy  the tax cut & jobs act  eliminates carve-outs for special interests in order to prioritize the average american over th…
rt  helsinkicomm    helsinkicomm chair  repchrissmith leads mission to genocide survivors in iraq 
act of terror in nyc  support nypd  fbi & jttf as they investigate  this is a reminder we can t ever let our guard down 
the house is back in session  this week  we ll be voting on legislation covering a range of topics  such as foreign…
joshua 11 23 so joshua took the whole land  according to all that the lord had spoken to moses  and joshua gave it…
american music inspires the world  and american copyright protects that artistry  i m grateful for house leadership…
thank you to all of my democrat colleagues who have texted  called or emailed to check on us  your concern and pray…
rt  netcaucusac  this is amazing   repedroyce  congratulations to your students and your district  congress4 c s
terrible idea  we know obamacare isn t working - it s time for patient-centered solutions  not more dictates from…
rt  drphilroe  because of the tax cutsand jobs act  small businesses can now invest more in their employees  buy new equipment and create add…
rt  joplinglobe  some of joplin s youngest students helped cut the ribbon for the joplin early childhood center thursday during a ceremony …
in the north state  74% of small business owners surveyed say that california s onerous regulations on businesses r…
rt  houseagnews  house ag highlights how work helps lift work-capable  snap  recipients out of poverty  2018 farm bill watch full video 
new year  new tax code → the tax cuts and jobs act preserves and expands the charitable deduction to reward americans…
today congress had the privilege of welcoming french president  emmanuelmacron for a joint address  i am encouraged…
proud to support hoosier farmers across our great state  thank you for all you do and happy national ag day 
rt  rollcall  live event  join roll call   bmalliance and  peterroskam on march 6 as we discuss the future of health care policy at health…
calling all high school students  every year  i sponsor a district-wide congressional high school art competition t…
i commend the president for his decision to withdraw from the misguided  iran deal   the  deal   which had strong…
our new tax code sets up american workers for success  →  nearly 500 american employers have announced bonuses or p…
rt  studentvets  sva presented  housevetaffairs chair  drphilroe & ranker  reptimwalz w/ its 1st ever sonny montgomery student veteran cha…
the house passed my bill  the justice for victims of irs scams and identity theft act of 2018  on wednesday  we nee…
when your identity is stolen  a dedicated team of professionals can help you through the recovery process  the hous…
walmart is joining the list of over 100 major employers to give bonuses and wage increases to employees due to the…
rt  steveknight25  great news  in a recent survey  the vast majority of small businesses are benefiting from the tax cuts and jobs act and…
congratulations to the chisolm family on your new home from building homes for heroes  your service and sacrifice f…
today we pause and reflect on the 50th anniversary of the assassination of rev  martin luther king jr  we celebrate…
thanks to  juliefinenbc5 and  gromerjeffers for having me on lone star politics this week  tune in tomorrow morning…
just released  w&m introduces package of bipartisan bills to combat opioid crisis  read more here ➡️
when lawyers help illegal aliens violate the law they should be prosecuted  as this lawyer has learned …
rt  nannburke  icymi   justinamash leads bipartisan letter w/ 34 reps requesting standalone vote on surveillance powers  separate from year…
women are simply making history in today s workforce  - 9 4 million businesses in america are owned by women - 47%…
you might be a crunchycon if   
looking forward to joining the show shortly 
👏👏👏👏 the unemployment rate has fallen to 3 9% - the lowest since 2000  we are on the right track thanks to pro-gro…
rt  americanewsroom   there are things called subpoenas  you shouldn t have to use them on national security advisers  but  if you do you d…
hoosier parents know best  this is nationalschoolchoiceweek  and at yesterday s roundtable  i sat down w/hoosier h…
for the past two years i have been honored to work with  repmaloney on this important endeavor  watch our press con…
rt  repandybiggsaz  this morning  i joined  justinamash and several of my house & senate colleagues to support the usa rights act amendment…
we have a responsibility to the unborn children  our families  our communities and humanity to end the injustice of late-term abortion  hr36 
rt  republicanstudy  the securing america s future act is the framework to strengthen border security  increase interior enforcement & reso…
icymi  vice-chair/nutrition subcommittee chair  congressmangt via  pennlive  these historic investments in nutritio…
our proposed reforms to the snap program are common sense  common decency  and compassionate  work-capable adults s…
what does the new tax code mean for working families  as  speakerryan put it in his new op-ed      more money and l…
rt  freedomworks  the penny plan is our chance to balance the budget and rein in out-of-control spending  tell your representative/senator…
as for the russians  they need to knock it off  they are doing this all over the globe as a disruptive  meddling fo…
expanding the child tax credit to expecting mothers would help offset the cost of having a child and will make a bi…
the outpouring of love and support for barbara bush reflects her unwavering grace while serving as first lady  my w…
rt  greenvilledn  belvidere twp breaks ground for veterans park w/ repmoolenaar   jamesedmore &  judyformichigan   …
rt  katvalyson  a recap of the s o t union address from  robybrock plus we get reaction live from  repfrenchhill coming up on  katvnews at 6…
earlier this week  the winn army community hospital located at fort stewart announced that they are now home to a l…
rt  foxnews    repgoodlatte   there is a serious problem with several people who were - and i m thankful to say are no longer - but were at…
rt  repkristinoem  after discussing this issue with the black hills area habitat for humanity last week  i m very proud to get the home act…
rt  producerrondak  have you heard august 23  2017 8am hour of the  markdavis show on sound cloud via  660ksky w/  repjoebarton 
on that point  i would say it strengthens gun relations 
east carter high school has some really smart and engaging students in their government class  i enjoyed answering…
rt  natresources  according to  pewenvironment  restoring america s national parks would create 1 526 jobs for hardworking texans  fix our p…
dyk  more water flows into the ocean than is directed to the central valley  time to pass the g r o w act 🌱
fight the opioidcrisis by safely disposing of your old prescriptions this saturday  find where to drop them of…
today  i am announcing that i m running to be chairwoman of the  houseappropsgop
we will send a strong message with the taylor force act – the palestinian authority must be held accountable  i am…
today is small biz sat  when we shop small  we support the businesses that unite our communities 
📺 stream live  evidence-based policymaking hearing
rt  foxnewsopinion    repmullin  realdonaldtrump isn t starting a trade war  he s helping to restore  made in america  -https //t co/ndufmi…
legislation prevents irs abuse and protects free speech rights for all americans  tcot 
rt  waysandmeansgop    nfib president & ceo juanita duggan   this shows small-business owners are more than just optimistic  they are ready…
mike pompeo will be an exceptional secretary of state  the senate needs to confirm him asap  our president urgently…
rt  edworkforce  chairwoman  virginiafoxx just delivered her opening remarks at today s markup of the save local business act  watch ↓
happy  sbdc  day  i am grateful for the resources they provide to small businesses  and the jobs they help create an…
social security needs a senate-confirmed commissioner who can lead the agency & focus on providing the service americans expect & deserve
rt  wfmy  relief services for people impacted by the tornado
read my official statement on the passing of the bipartisan budget act below 
it s been 38 hours since senate democrats voted to shut down the government  astonishing  our military is still d…
it s not enough to just push out the trust fund exhaustion date by a few yrs 
i fought for many tax bill provisions that were important to  ia01-  many of them signed into law  one that did not…
praying for all of those hurt in charlottesville  all americans must come together against racism and hatred    
i was proud to join  potus at the  epa as he revoked harmful obama-era energy regulations 
today  the house passed the stop school violence act  congress should not stop now  read my full statement here 
thx for all you do to keep our communities safe & look forward to seeing you back home in south jersey  frank
rt  reptomgarrett  happening now   househomeland subcommittee hearing examining cost overruns and schedule delays associated with  dhsgov c…
to be clear  if our troops aren t receiving pay during then i won t accept mine either  yesterday  i contacted the…
rt  repbyrne  i sat down with  reppaulmitchell earlier today to discuss what exactly our major budget reform legislation does and why it s…
tomorrow  april 17  2018 is the deadline to file your 2017 taxes for the last time under the outdate  complex  and…
about to join  harrisfaulkner on fox to discuss mark zuckerberg s testimony before congress  tune in to  foxnews
 repanthonybrown best wishes for a speedy recovery 
this saturday is national prescription drug take back day  let s safely dispose of excess prescription drugs and ra…
it s just incredible the type of innovation that s happening in our backyard  colgene pharmaceuticals  which has a…
rt  lauradianeappel    pennockhealth ceo sheryl lewis blake with  congressmandan  thanks for a thoughtful meeting  stophospitalcuts
the american legion in newport beach has a lot to be proud of  and not just its impressive yacht…
mueller inv  can t go on indefinitely   realdonaldtrump has provided 10s of thousands of docs & his team has furthe…
proud to join my house colleagues today in passing three anti-human trafficking bills 
to this end  our seapower and projection forces mark sought and achieved a balance of current and future readiness   fy19ndaa 
the tax reform stories keep coming in minnesota  baldinger bakery will add 30 new jobs after new investments thanks to tax cutsand jobs act
but an executive order is not a permanent fix - republicans must follow president s lead  repeal obamacare like we promised
rt  agrutledge   from day one  the president has made clear that he understands the challenges facing our country and is working to improve…
hey jasper  my staff is excited to see you on wednesday at my mobile office  click here to learn more …
honored to address  theohiostateuniversity scarletand gray breakfast today  osu supports so many important progra…
support our community  support our neighbors  shop local small business week  co06 
during a subcommittee on energy hearing with officials from the u s  department of energy  congressman griffith ask…
rt  savingplaces  ohio s  repbobgibbs honored for work on historic tax credit
if you re a fan of education & workforce policy  the  sotu  was a speech for you  here s why 
tax cuts are making a real difference for michigan families  we shared some stories last night on the house floor →…
 4/4  the federal government has a role to play in this fight and i will continue to work in congress across party…
rt  acscanpa  thank you to the staff from  reploubarletta s district office for meeting with acs can pa volunteers today to talk about the…
today we honor the leadership of those who have held our nation s highest office  happy presidents day everyone 
back in washington today  recording with  wtov9 for an upcoming school safety segment they are working on  importan…
i m proud to see the ndaa signed into law today  this important legislation will help strengthen our national defe…
be confident & tell your story 
  sotu  guests like ji seong-ho were inspirational last night   potus recognition of families and heroes was as touc…
this morning  join me on  squawkcnbc around 7 40  6 40 ct   we re talking abt taxreform & my decision to not seek re-election   cnbc
rt  ronwyden  rubber-stamping this awful  fisa  section702 bill is a dereliction of of the oversight duty of congress 
music to my ears    potus trump is requesting that congress rescind more than  15 billion in budget authority  in l…
i led a a group of 85 members to make sure a solution to section 199a was included in the final omnibus  glad to se…
my op-ed in  thehill today   to safeguard our students  more resources must go to enhance school security 
rt  reprickallen  yesterday  my colleagues and i concluded the markup process and passed the agriculture and nutrition act out of the  hous…
rt  kuhoops  this is what it s all about  👏 showdown for relief
on world down syndrome day  we recognize all that those w/ down syndrome have contributed  especially kayla mckeon of…
rt  jdsalant  christian refugees escaping isis get visit from n j   repchrissmith
happy 42nd birthday to our marine sanctuary system  which allowed for the creation of the thunder bay marine sanctuary   thunderbaywreck
today the senate passed the stop enabling sex traffickers act  sesta  to hold accountable websites like…
stopped to visit with students at rolla high school  we discussed everything from sanctions on north korea to makin…
created in 2001 by congress & pres  george w  bush  national airborne day honors the service by airborne divisions of u s  armed services 
rt  aaronmesmer  got chills hearing amazing grace played by a bagpipe band during funeral for highlands county deputy william gentry
rt  robertbluey   it s no secret that washington spending is beyond out of control   says  repmarkmeadows   so any avenue we can use to mea…
the ftc is the fed agency w/ the best expertise in fighting illegal anti-competitive business behavior  i agree w/m…
calling into dan rivers show just after 9am this morning   570wkbn
joined prince william county supervisor pete candland last night at heritage hunt to give a legislative overview of…
rt  bencarterfl   repgusbilirakis and  usrepkcastor taking action thanks to  tb_times investigative reporting  this is the right move and i…
   after emigrating from korea in the 1950s  he opened his first taekwondo school in d c  n 1962  by the 80s  rhee…
today  the house passed and i proudly voted for the born-alive abortion survivors protection act  this bill  which…
guidance for water main break - cocoa
roskam supports u s  withdrawal from  jcpoa  - read the statement here 
 tyson foods  inc  has announced eligible employees will be receiving  1 000 and  500 bonuses as a result of recent…
the important matter is that the cuban people will be free  and i will continue to stand with them  libertad
as i said this morning on  cspanwj  by every measure  america s economy is winning under  realdonaldtrump s leader…
the inhumane slaughter of horses should not be allowed  i m working to make sure they stay protected  sayfie
rt  housejudiciary  tune in today at 12 30 for a  housejudiciary press conference on the  securing america s future act   watch the livestr…
rt  rickklein  the killer beez  enjoyed chatting w  repkenbuck  reprodblum along w  marykbruce - what they want out of next house speaker &…
tune in  i will be on  foxbusiness at about 1 38pm et 
house passes legislation to strengthen human trafficking laws
rt  dateline_dc  ga  reptomprice talks soaring health premiums & offers fixes  hammers obama for blaming insurers  employers & gop 
 icymi  last friday  i visited  ywcaevansville domestic violence shelter  their work in the community since 1979 has…
watch live  scholars or spies  foreign plots targeting america s research and development
met today with new york national guard leaders to discuss training and funding issues  national guard does outstand…
rt  pye    freedomworks is key voting no on the omnibus and the rule governing consideration of the omnibus  shttp //www freedomworks org/c…
the opioidcrisis has impacted nearly every community in america  affecting hundreds of thousands of families  many…
happy mothers day to all the moms out there  thank you for all you do 
coming up on  cnn to talk about putting politics aside and putting country and our military families first 
tax relief has arrived  iowans across the third district are keeping more of their hard-earned money  read some of…
rt  housecommerce  live now  sub oversight convenes hearing regarding an  update on the restoration of puerto rico s electric infrastructur…
read chairman  petesessions statement applauding the passage of the department of defense appropriations bill 
happy birthday to bradenton s most famous resident - snooty the manatee  sayfie
i ll be speaking at opp4 all heritage policy summit at 11 05 am cst  heritage_action watch live 
house is voting on a bill that would provide training for health care providers to identify potential victims of hu…
rt  edworkforce  on international womens day  chairwoman  virginiafoxx shares stories from a life committed to empowering women to achieve w…
yesterday  my dear friend  repmarcykaptur became the longest-serving woman in the history of the…
today s  tbt  takes us to last thursday when indiana &  indstatepolice welcomed 33 new troopers into service for hoo…
reminder  tomorrow at 10 00 am  the house budget committee continues its oversight hearings with  uscbo  watch live…
rt  theaward  anand trehan of littleton  co becomes the newest silver medalist  presented by  repmikecoffman  earned it 🔑 📚 vps   keyclubi…
epa hasn t conducted a workforce analysis in more than 20 years  we need to make sure the agency has appropriately…
great to discuss all sorts of issues with wisconsinites at 4 town hall meetings yesterday  check out  wdiowirt cove…
rt  stevescalise  the economy is making a comeback → unemployment claims fell to the lowest point since 1969
participated in a discussion today on cybersecurity and the threats we face  this issue continues to only grow mor…
rt  aaf  there has been  115 5 billion in final rules through 2016 so far 
w&m health subcmte will hear from private sector health experts about innovative practices they use that could be a…
last night  i voted to keep the government open & extend child health insurance for 6 years for 147 kids in harney…
with the potus decision  we have regained leverage to  1  push iranians back to the negotiation table for a new agr…
with this tax reform bill  a typical middle income family of four earning  59 000 will receive a  1 182 tax cut 
1 in 3 missouri families are affected by the opioidcrisis  we must address prevention  treatment  and enforcement…
today marks the end of the 13-day siege at the battleofthe alamo in 1836  this was a pivotal moment in the texas r…
the hearing has reconvened  watch live here--&gt 
i m so grateful for my dedicated casework team and the work they have done to award and return money to deserving r…
click to watch my mitchell minute video on the farm bill  🚜👉
rt  therealablakeh  thank you  roslehtinen for signing on to the  repgusbilirakis - green fy2019 appropriations letter supporting the effor…
next week   coffee with your congressman  comes to ozark and el dorado  also  students interested in attending one…
if you see a police officer today  be sure to thank them for their selfless commitment to keeping our communities s…
coming up   mnagriculture is hosting  down on the farm  supporting farmers in stressful times  trainings  learn mor…
it has been the honor of my life to represent the people of central and southwestern pennsylvania  after much delib…
meeting with folks at the elkin farmers market this weekend 
when i first met milo   robokind s humanoid robot  i was blown away by its ability to help kids with autism unpack…
next year  thanks to taxreform  americans will be able to file their taxes in a simple and straightforward way  cl…
rt  housecommerce  e&c takes  vicenews behind-the-scenes of the zuckerberg hearing &gt &gt 
rt  housegop  thanks to the tax cutsand jobs act  consumer optimism jumped to a 14-year high  everyday americans know the best days of econom…
rt  indianembassyus  dcm  santjha enjoyed a very warm meeting with congressman bradley byrne  repbyrne ahead of his upcoming visit to india…
update  due to hurricane irma  our military service academy day has been canceled for this saturday  september 16th 
rt  incompas  thank you again to rep guthrie  repguthrie for joining us at i n c o m p a spolicy17  smart bi-partisan wireless solutions grow the…
today s action cannot be the final word on our desert   ca08 
wishing everyone and their families a very happy and blessed easter 
protecting our children is one of the most important things that we can do for society  unfortunately  some courts…
rt  sarahnferris   jakesherman this was actually part of rsc agreement from first budget deal  back when house gop had to raise debt ceilin…
tomorrow i ll be back down in beaufort and bluffton hosting neighborhood office hours    i hope you ll drop by 
proud of your performance today   gojacksmbb  you represented south dakota well  go jacks
rt  repshimkus  thanks to tax reform  one illinois-based company you may have heard of is mcdoubling the amount of workers eligible for tui…
great to volunteer at the adult day services at oakland centre today  easter sunday is right around the corner   …
in the long run it leads to less spending because we have better control and management of the forests firefix…
critical r&d programs at south jersey tech center included in legislation  will be busy & exciting week to get the…
rt  houseagnews  the 2018 farm bill establishes opportunities for our work-capable  snap  recipients  anyone receiving snap will be guarantee…
this teacher appreciation week  i am extremely grateful to all the educators in the first district and around the c…
  jim_jordan is right  it s no wonder americans are cynical about congress when we vote on a  balanced budget amend…
today we remember both the innocent lives lost and those who survived the holocaust  it s important to educate on t…
progress  end human trafficking
thanks to  potus for signing legislation to rename g a09 s clermont post office in honor of a hero who gave his lif…
for each of us  9/11 represents a different memory  as a nation  we will remember how we came together to face evil 
i applaud the administration s latest sanctions on north korea  i encourage the senate & president to apply more pr…
it s always a good day when i get to see the lt  gov  thanks for stopping by  spencerjcox 
rt  uscg  dear spring  we re waiting for your arrival  we hear it s the firstdayofspring  but we haven t seen any signs of you  waiting on…
the opioid crisis does not discriminate based on geography  economic status or age  which means there are many spec…
rt  houseagnews    conawaytx11 on getting  snap  policy right  it s about helping every citizen realize the american dream by modernizing a…
classroom visits 243 and 244 on the books  oronoschools & seven hills prep academy  thanks for having me 🚌
rt  cnbc  just in  fifth third bancorp announces plan  to raise its minimum hourly wage for all employees to  15  and distribute a one-time…
my thoughts & prayers are with the victims  their families  & the city of manchester  we stand united with our all…
🚨the house is now voting on my bill  the irs fast act which has been added to the taxpayer first act  read about th…
the sacrifices of military service don t just fall on a soldier  but also on the loved ones who support them  rt to…
rt  repgoodlatte    reptommarino s r e v i e w act is a balanced approach  incentive for agencies to draft effective but lower cost  more legall…
rt  dpopinion  this could be a huge boost for the hampton roads economy
rt  hempfield  students in  hempfield_fbla and our business classes thanked  repsmucker for visiting hhs through the  sifmafoundation s 201…
about to go live on  kusinews
house to vote on late-term abortion ban next week →
the men & women who serve on the front lines in defense of the u s  deserve peace of mind when it comes to their care & benefits   4/7 
rt  usdol  thank you to all those who protect & serve us on labor day and every day  including our military personnel and emergency respond…
spoke w/  ktrhnews about fl shooting & the unacceptable fact that law enforcement agencies & school administrators…
are you interested in receiving my weekly newsletter  sign up for  from the front  today 
  potus is right - we must strengthen  cte  programs and give every student the opportunity to succeed in a great ca…
our moms give us unconditional love and are our biggest supporters and strongest advocates  to my mom  and all the…
happy 242nd navy bday to the  usnavy  god bless all those who have served in our navy to protect america  fair winds & following seas 
today i hosted a veterans roundtable at the american legion in plattsburgh to discuss the challenges our veterans f…
 scotus  6-3 decision is excellent news for atlantic city  together w/ planned openings of hard rock & ocean next mo…
got gabriela her first fishing pole today at bps in macon  looking forward to many memories 
about to join  foxnews to discuss the fisa memo and the fbi text messages  tunein
i will be taking questions via twitter tomorrow afternoon  tweet   me your questions using ask joe wilson & i will t…
our teachers shape the minds and character of our children  i had tremendous teachers throughout my public educatio…
i enjoy meeting with business and industry leaders in pa10  reducing job killing regulations and leveling the pla…
rt  ffawest  great to see idaho s  congmikesimpson meeting with  idahoffa state officers recently in boise 
tax cutsand jobs act news  fedex is investing in their employees and expanding their operations  ✅  200 million in w…
rt  repmccaul  congratulations to kevin mcaleenan on his confirmation to lead  cbp  i look forward to continued collaboration to safeguard…
rt  markwogenrich  apologies for tweeting over the congressman  but here s a look at those ties 
it was great having students from  michigantech at my d c   office today advocating for science and technology educ…
always a pleasure and an honor to meet with students from the u s  army war college 
under our broken u s  tax code  paying taxes feels like this  the  housegop has a plan to fix that  check it out--&gt …
today  i secured my first legislative victory of the year with passage of my safe tech bill out of the house  this…
thank you   potus  patients deserve access to the most affordable prescription options  i introduced legislation to…
now  joining  scotthennen on  wzfgradio for my talk radio townhall  listen live here →
rt  replipinski  excited to introduce the innovators to entrepreneurs act of 2018  supporting the expansion of the successful i-corps prog…
it is no secret that  potus supports madein america products  he s a negotiator that is working to make america a c…
text tax reform to 50589 to see how our tax reform plan will benefit you and your family 
 yarabrighton right  that is what happens when u dictate to the machine 
it was a pleasure to see so many friendly  ga12  faces today - i hope you ve enjoyed your time in dc 
rt  speakerryan  good news → i just signed a bill to give our troops their largest pay raise in 8 years  next stop  the  whitehouse to beco…
not that there s a shortage of reasons why  but you can find out mine tonight at 7 30 on  vicenews on  hbo
rt  robertharding    repjohnkatko leading  househomeland delegation to europe  middle east 
tonight on the house floor i shared the stories of two separate women who found themselves unexpectedly pregnant a…
happy small business week  small businesses are the engine of job creation and this week we celebrate the 29 million…
happening now  i m leading a special order on the tax cuts and jobs act  click below to watch ⬇️ tax reform
this crowdsourced environmental regulation would provide a city  county  or state with optionality  learn more here 
proud to donate books from the library of congress to the thomasville library and help them recover what was lost a…
congressional investigations into russian interference continue now but not indefinitely  have long said declassifi…
when social security became an independent agency in 1995  congress created the position of a social security commi…
tomorrow at 2 00pm the subcommittee on coast guard and maritime transportation will hold a hearing on the implement…
rt  foxbusiness    judgetedpoe on syria   what we do really  i think is something that the military and the president need to decide  but i…
today i met with reps from dialysis patient citizens  we discussed the challenges of patients on dialysis and how c…
new  michigan to receive another  16 3 million from  hhsgov to address the heroin & opioidcrisis thanks to the 21s…
while this memo raises serious concerns with the fisa process  i have been and remain confident in the overwhelming…
disappointed by  ustraderep decision today to impose tariffs on imported solar panels & washing machines  my full s…
this week i met with andy zinkievick  greg stafford  craig armstrong  and jim jackson  leadership of department of…
 hr620   the ada education and reform act  is a bipartisan bill that promotes access for persons w/ disabilities and…
nw georgia is full of talented young artists  stop by the murray arts council today  tomorrow or saturday to view…
he is risen indeed  alleluia  from my family to yours  wishing you a blessed and happy easter 
the train carrying lawmakers to our retreat had a collision west of charlottesville  va   i was not hurt  capitol p…
i joined  foxnews to discuss how the omnibus spending bill was needed to help the military and our national defense…
rt  admasphaltdrum  it was such an honor to have you  repjimbanks at our facilities  this will be a memorable moment for our employees here…
folks working in agriculture take their lives at a rate higher than any other occupation  i joined my colleagues an…
great time visiting the boys and girls club in paulding county  special thanks to  bgcma_clubs president & ceo missy…
the schumer shutdown is disappointing  i join my colleagues  repmoolenaar  reppaulmitchell  repmikebishop…
rep  walker fights to bring american pastor home from turkey
on this day in 1970  the concorde made its first supersonic flight  aviation flying100
register for the legislative data & transparency conference  happening this wednesday 9am-4pm et  ldtc15  technology
great to speak with  oh10  students from  mvschool during their visit to dc 
rt  justinamash  steel and aluminum tariffs are corporate welfare  they benefit the few through a tax imposed on all americans 
the commerce department s recommendation to impose tariffs ignores history--and it ignores the reality that u s  ma…
each year habitatfor humanity provides new opportunities & fresh starts for families throughout the us & around the…
tax cuts and jobs act ✅ delivered   sotu  
tennesseans  what does the tax cutsand jobs act mean for you  i answered this question and many more with  kylemidura…
made a quick stop by the 1st annual spring into reading book drive - hosted by  berrienresa &  unitedway_swmi among…
house passes bipartisan legislation to promote women entrepreneurs
collins supports 5 year faa reauthorization -
the house will once again vote to responsibly fund our nation s military for the full year  it s time for senate de…
i endorse  ocsupnelson to replace  repedroyce in  cd39   he won t back down 
there s a perception across the country that epa is not doing things for people but rather doing things to people   
read   virginiafoxx statement on the nlrb s decision to vacate its recent hy-brand decision 
rt  speakerryan  the good economic news keeps coming in  1️⃣9️⃣ 8️⃣% increase in hiring last month 6️⃣ 5️⃣5️⃣ million open jobs 3️⃣  4️⃣%…
the u s  court of appeals ruled to vacate the  usdol s flawed fiduciary rule which is a victory for every american…
some local  pizzahut franchise owners stopped by my office to talk about a number of issues franchisers are facing…
rod rosenstein must act to restrict an investigation gone rogue
thank you for having me  the students were outstanding  they are on the front lines of the job opportunities in the…
enjoyed meeting with nc educator jamie jessup to learn more about his organization hoops4him  a christian citywide…
small businesses are an engine for job creation  and women-owned small businesses employ 7 3 million employees acro…
comey  his leaks  mueller and rosenstein – all of them need to be investigated  it will take a second counsel to…
rt  houseappropsgop  read chairman  usreprodney s full floor statement urging passage of the continuing resolution
76 years ago  we were attacked at pearl harbor  we must remember the selfless acts of our men and women in uniform…
boats where cars should be  harvey
mike pompeo is an incredible choice to serve as our nation s top diplomat  he has a solid track-record of standing…
rt  foxandfriends  are your tax dollars going toward illegal immigrants   replukemesser proposed a bill to stop taxpayer subsidies for sanc…
the men of marine special ops company foxtrot have been through hell & back following the wrongful accusation of mu…
skol vikings   mn02 
rt  nfnlnews  april marks sexual assault awareness month  join us this month in saying we see you to the victims of human trafficking and se…
rt  foxnews    jim_jordan   the democrat national committee and the clinton campaign paid fusion gps who paid christopher steele who paid r…
while an examination of frivolous lawsuits and overzealous lawyers is long overdue  this legislation undoes too man…
  realdonaldtrump asked for line item veto  scotus already said no  but if he would just insist that congress pas…
i was privileged to meet with  youthbuildusa participants from central pa  their stories are why i m proud to lead…
this year the autism and other developmental disorders program will receive over  49 million that i supported to pr…
h r  4284  indexing narcotics  fentanyl  and opioids act of 2017  as amended  has been reported to the full cmte by voice vote 
our second place  fl27  congressional art competition winner is manuel zambrano from  miamiseniorhigh  mdcps  his wor…
the capitol christmas tree is lit  🎄merry christmas
not surprising former obama admin crony is shocked by accountability -- no one held responsible in fast & furious …
had a great start to the morning talking about agriculture and infrastructure with  ilfarmbureau  
national service recognition week celebrated in athens county today 
spoke at capitol hill news conference calling for legislation legalizing  daca  status at earliest date 
rt  repmccaul  it is critical that congress investigate why protocols at the fbi were not followed and why they failed to share information…
rt  houseagnews  this morning  house ag chairman  conawaytx11 &  desjarlaistn04 sat down with  nwiaa to discuss opportunities for youth in…
i did a brief interview with fox news yesterday regarding the release of uc riverside grad student tony kim and two…
thornberry congratulates local schools on winning science bowls
the uss oklahoma was one of the ships sunk during the japanese attack on pearl harbor in 1941  today  on the 76th a…
it doesn t work that way in america  we are not ruled by unelected bureaucrats  police forces  or intelligence agen…
looking forward to joining  halrowwhky tomorrow at 7 30am to talk about the issues of the day including taxreform…
today  we celebrate the good news that jesus defeated the grave and that he is risen  i wish you and your family a v…
rt  housecommerce  e&c members raise awareness and get involved in the process during the 15th annual  deahq take back day tomorrow &gt &gt 
rt  scchamber  huge thank you to  repjoewilson  repralphnorman for coming to scdc day  keep fighting for s c  job 
i m accepting nominations for the annual teacher recognition award for teachers in oklahoma s 5th district  nominat…
congratulations 
mr  schumer why do you care more about illegal immigration than children s health care  chip is important for 9 mil…
the stop school violence act is an important piece of legislation which gives our communities the resources they ne…
many thanks to  acec_national for a great discussion about meeting our nation s infrastructure challenge 
 oh12  reminder  my office can help you renew your passport  🌎
rt  cca_asa   repbrandanboyle &  repryancostello are calling to keep  pslf  as it is  10 years zero debt  thehill
rt  speakerryan  all 126 employees at sheffer corp  in ohio received  1 000 bonuses because of tax reform  where democrats see  crumbs   ha…
cheering on the republicans at  thehillbaseball game with members of my staff  scalise strong
it was a privilege to tour chehalis  w f  west high school s new stem wing & see students being prepared to succeed…
rt  drphilroe  thank you for having me   repfrenchhill 
rt  housegop  things the tax cutsand jobs act is not… x crumbs x pathetic x armageddon
 sc07 
  housejudiciary republicans call for independent investigation of special treatment given to key clinton insiders
thanks to elizabeth and jeff  constituent advocates with the alzheimer s association  for recently visiting with me…
joining  kevinwallradio at 12 30 pm et  9 30 am pt   listen live 
today the army reserve celebrates their 110th anniversary  over the years  reserve soldiers have participated in ev…
just as your first amendment right to free speech does not change from one state to another – neither should your r…
the fy18 omnibus includes  1 571 billion to provide 90  miles of border wall system  overall border security fundin…
rt  repthomasmassie    repwalterjones  speakerryan that day the speaker went from totally blocking your bill to claiming it was part of his…
the rest of the country is just now figuring out what we iowans already knew 🏆
sitting here thinking of soldiers we lost in africa last week  they sacrificed  their families sacrificed  we love them  god bless them 
wishing a very happy 70th independence day to israel  the united states is proud to call you our friend and ally …
big thanks to the students  faculty and staff at  loyolachicago and my colleague  repschneider for a productive dis…
  tombalek ask rep ralph norman
rt  scmanufacturers  congressman jeff duncan  repjeffduncan addresses scma annual meeting scmanufacturers makingamericamorecompetitive ht…
would love to have  senjohnkennedy introduce the senate companion to my house bill hr4509 to eliminate first class…
i just completed my 43rd telephone town hall meeting from my desk in washington  i want to thank tonight s more th…
when asked how new tax code has helped small biz  texas business owner  russell of russell marine  said   this will…
rt  foxnews    repdesantis on moving u s  embassy in israel      after the iran deal  the saudis are working with israel  the emiratis are…
house passes bill to ban epa  secret science 
rt  cathymcmorris  thanks to the tax cutsand jobs act   3 billion in bonuses have been given to employees all over the nation 
rt  vp  on night s like tonight  i am mindful of the daily sacrifices our brave men and women in uniform — and their families — make everyd…
i had a great time congratulating hanover park on being named one of the nation s safest cities at the cops day pic…
rt  repjimbanks  yesterday i spent time reviewing a classified report about the fbi/doj and the trump campaign  the american people deserve…
obamacare fuels waste  fraud  & abuse  its knot of regulations  taxes  & mandates cannot be untangled  time for a…
ready for totality  taking in solar eclipse2017 in oregon 
dyess air force base is a crown jewel among the military bases in the nation  a status affirmed yet again as they r…
this week s budget fact  tax reform is working for small business   usatoday has more on how small businesses are u…
appreciated sitting down at  thebccc roundtable to listen to the challenges & opportunities our smallbizz leaders…
competing in a 2018 economy with a 1986 tax code wasn t working for america s small businesses  with the…
an honor to accept the  aopa hartranft award with my friend  reprussell for leadership and advocacy on behalf of ge…
sea lions have eaten 45% of returning spring chinook  this isn t a healthy ecosystem  methods up to this point to c…
  jimdevers thanks for your question  ask markwayne
i was on  afrnet s washington watch program yesterday speaking with  tperkins  president of the  frcdc  we discusse…
breaking  my bill to reduce regulation on smallbanks has passed the house    financialcmte  hr4771  utpol
rt  whitehouse   there s never been a better time to hire in america  to invest in america  and to start living the american dream  there s…
i had the pleasure of meeting with the u s  ambassadors to vietnam  laos  thailand  and indonesia who were visiting…
starting this month  make sure to check your check to see if you received a bigger paycheck thanks to the recently e…
thank you canadian consul general  johncruickshan2 for making the time to stop by my washington office to discuss c…
i m hosting an  nc05  u s  service academy day on 10/28  i hope to see all interested students there  click-…
dad and i waiting for  potus to arrive at the border 
congratulations to former intern kyle anthony for receiving the senior medallion award at unc-w 
good luck to the  nevadawolfpack tonight in the  cbitourney championship   lawlor center  tune in   6 pm pt on  espnu  battle born
over the last several days  j p  morgan  disney  starbucks  fedex  & home depot joined hundreds of others announcin…
on floor to honor athletic trainers and the care they provide preventing injury and re-injury national athletic training month
 colchester1 holy cow  someone complaining i don t tweet enough 
thank you  joethomas73 for an incredible 11 years with the  browns  you ll be missed  best of luck in retirement and go browns 
rt  ktar923  phoenix va teams up with pharmacy walk-in clinics to reduce wait times 
in 1948  president truman called for the formation of the  airforcereserve and today we recognize its 70th birthday…
happy birthday to my lovely wife brenda  i am so thankful i get to spend today  and everyday  with you by my side …
rt  cspan    repmccaul on national security   gwcchs hosts – live at 10am et on c-span
congratulations mr  secretary 
i am proud to be working with  senstabenow  royblunt &  dorismatsui on opioids legislation to expand the excellence…
rt  tnelectric  co-op leaders meet with  repdianeblack today on capitol hill to discuss energy and infrastructure  coops in d c
congratulations  crimesurvivors on another successful survive & thrive 5k run and health & safety expo  thanks for…
on floor to mark 32 years since space shuttle challenger disaster   slipped to the surly bonds of earth   to touch the face of god  rr
included in draft of the fy  19 transportation spending bill  👉 up to  2 2 billion in funding for  njtransit tun…
a most succinct  daca  analysis 
i m proud to have  merit_saw in  az04  -- this business epitomizes the american-made mantra 
from my townhall today  discussing how we can protect people with preexisting conditions
the rapid growth in sober living homes has allowed predatory and unscrupulous operators to run facilities that fail…
unemployment and underemployment have hindered faster economic recovery  but a new  usda report proves to be a hope…
glad to see fractional licensing upheld in a victory for songwriters   bmi →
are drones the future of delivery systems  watch my questions at yesterday s sub d c c p hearing on drone delivery 
must read via  wsjopinion  democrats have attacked the plan with packaged lines that the gop will kick millions off…
rt  brandonntu  nice commentary piece by  repmarkwalker rescissions
 all of congress  research would be made available to the public for free under the government spending bill releas…
mary and jeff marsh of  hineecoffee in helotes are just one example of the many small business owners in  tx23  who…
rt  foxnews    jim_jordan   the american people voted loud and clear  border security wall  end chain migration  stop the visa lottery  dea…
now   waysandmeansgop is beginning our work on reforming our broken tax code  watch the hearing here …
this week  i am travelling across northern michigan as part of my farmingfor jobs tour  stay tuned for pictures 
 grow  survive or close  is the small business motto year to year and making sure they have the tools to grow is my…
on this day in 1911  one of our greatest presidents  ronald reagan was born  he was a kind man  a principled…
reforming our broken immigration system is not a partisan issue  this morning  i joined w/ republicans & democrats…
tax relief is working for iowa families  small businesses are investing in our communities and our economy is growi…
i want to thank  frankpallone  along w/  donnorcross4nj &  replancenj7   for cosponsoring my legislation  the fairn…
rt  readyharris  harris county urges preparation for above-average hurricane season  check out  emergencymgtmag for hurricane prep tips  ht…
check your check and see how tax cuts across the board are benefiting your family  mn02
sites reservoir would add 1 8 million acre-feet of water storage to northern california  this week  at a house…
 edworkforce hearing on  empowering students and families to make informed decisions on higher ed 
rt  joaquincastrotx  last week   repmiketurner and i introduced the stand with uk against russia violations act which would sanction those…
tax reform brings the opportunity for over 900 000 new jobs  corporations want to be back in the us  if tax reform…
for an ongoing list of companies giving bonuses  pay raises  and new investments as a direct result of the tax cut…
this morning  i gave a house floor speech paying tribute to the 53-year pastoral career of dr  jimmy jackson  who f…
rt  foxnews    tgowdysc on 50 000  new  fbi texts  possible 2nd special counsel appointed to investigate mueller probe   we saw more manife…
on may 8  1945  the united states and our allies forced the unconditional surrender of nazi germany in europe  many…
day 5 for 31 reasons4 tax reform→ the tax code is now more than 2 4 million words long  it s time to simplify it 
great lakes are mi s greatest nat  resource & it s important we maintain & improve their health  this program  whic…
enjoyed great pancakes and fellowship in perrysburg with  boyscouts troop 110 which had their 45th annual breakfas…
today  friends  loved ones and minnesotans who were lucky enough to know sarah janecek gathered to remember her inc…
rt  waysandmeansgop    repdrewferguson      the benefits of tax reform are not just felt by employees at major corporations  main street jo…
just met w/reed and  jdrf  115 million americans live with diabetes/pre-diabetes and i will keep pushing to cure th…
over half the country is living paycheck to paycheck  they don t have savings  they don t have extra money to spend…
rt  michigannews  looking back at grand rapids  thanksgiving community meal tradition
rt  wkzonews  8 40am   repfredupton joins us discussing school safety  budget updates  and more  listen 
rt  joeduceyreports  a demonstration of new drone technology using gps system being developed by morehead state students   lex18news
the heroism of  capitolpolice and response by  alexandriavapd cannot be overstated  their swift action saved lives  alexandria shooting
proud to receive the  abccgovtaffairs eagle award  great work by  omega1const1 at millennium charter academy …
i was honored to receive the  uschamber spiritof enterprise award today for my 2017 voting record  proud to back ta…
rt  brazoriacounty  harvey brazoriacounty
saturday is national take back day  click to find a nearby site  let s get unused drugs out of our communities …
enjoyed meeting several residents  volunteers  & board members at the  drmhuntsville after today s ribbon cutting c…
i will be calling into  cnn at 1 10pm to discuss today s amtrak accident in crozet  va 
bummed about gojacks loss   but still excited to be norwegian 
one of my first thoughts after hearing the news about las vegas was how many utahns were there  my prayers are with…
rt  houseagnews  40 programs within the farmbill will lose baseline beyond fy18 if we extend the 2014 farm bill  u s  farm economy deserves…
rt  vachair  happy birthday to the  usmc  thank you for defending our country for 242 years 
i spoke with community leaders and small business owners from rotan and across fisher county about the benefits of…
 sbalist grace act  no government contracts for companies who donate to planned parenthood 
my annual jobs fair is in one week on 8/21  we ve got some stellar employers showing up who are ready to hire  info…
the whole  obstruction  angle was much more a fever dream of the beltway crowd than it was a serious angle  the me…
rt  repdougcollins  glad to cosponsor the classics act w/  darrellissa and thankful for his support of the music modernization act as we wor…
 icymi   glad to help move the veterans   fisherhousefdtn project forward in abq  as a community  we must honor the…
rt  cspanwj  icymi   replouiegohmert  r-tx  spoke on the government funding bill this week & robert mueller s investigation
rt  townhallcom  a bipartisan tradition of enabling spendaholics
rt  housejudiciary  under the securing america s future act  america would get an immigration system that actually protects our communities…
rt  housecommerce  live now  sub oversight hears directly from executives of five drug distributors at the heart of our bipartisan investig…
press enterprise editorial  it s time to derail california s bullet train
rt  iowacaa   repdavidyoung visited a home in the process of being weatherized in july 2017  thank you for joining us on such a hot summer…
the medical device tax is bad for hoosiers and must be repealed  it s time we provide certainty in the marketplace …
great news for  federalpremium in anoka who continues to play a key role in helping our brave men and women defend…
i really enjoyed my visit to volunteer way in pasco county today  this organization  spearheaded by founder lester…
our son ryan is loving this spring snow 
breaking  chairmen  tgowdysc   repgoodlatte  and  devinnunes request copies of comey memos  read the letter⬇️
the memo has been released  you can now read and evaluate it for yourself 
  reparrington on  snap  proposals in 2018 farm bill  we re long overdue to have policies in place that encourage wor…
thank you to senators  sendeanheller   johncornyn   marcorubio  for introducing a senate companion bill to my legi…
did you know that you can purchase a flag to be flown over the us capitol building in someone s name  here s how --&gt 
  exxonmobil to invest  50 billion over next 5 years in the u s  thanks to tax reform  more oil production headed t…
my office is distributing pins to vietnam war veterans from the united states of america vietnam war commemoration …
the latest funding bill sets aside money for vital workforce development programs so they can acquire the skills th…
earlier today  i hosted a press conference with conservative hispanic leaders in support of my bill  the securing a…
a message to our veterans &gt &gt 
rt  ap  breaking  nebraska panel approves alternative keystone xl route  removes last regulatory hurdle to  8 billion oil pipeline project 
the good news keeps coming in  kroger  who has a large number of stores in wv  announced that because of the…
happy labor day  today we celebrate american workers who ve made our nation the greatest in the history of the world
rt  househomeland  chairman  repmccaul released a statement regarding yesterday s  statedept terrorist designations of key isis-affiliates…
many prayers for former first lady barbara bush  a true inspiration and rock for the bush family 
today  152 yrs ago  gen  granger stood on the ashton villa balcony in galveston to proclaim the abolition of slaver…
this year  i nominated 19 idahoans to us military academies  learn more about three of them and two people who have…
deeply saddened to learn of rep  louise slaughter s sudden passing  my thoughts and prayers are with her family 
i guess it wasn t a dream  what a wonderful night at my alma mater   iupedu receiving the distinguished alumni awar…
i introduced a resolution expressing my concern over the persecution of coptic christians in egypt  thank you…
congressman poe speaking at klein collins high school to mr  neumeyer s history class
by moving our embassy to jerusalem  we are finally recognizing that jerusalem is israel s rightful and eternal capi…
did you know you can sign up for periodic email updates through our website  if you d like information about the la…
he said this process is ongoing & that the negotiations are down to the last few issues  he said he s hopeful they…
 fema is looking for students in 8th-11th grades to serve on the youth preparedness council  learn more at
today  i joined  google to introduced their computer science program  cs first roadshow  to fourth grade students a…
great to speak w/ green ribbon schools awardees  they ve worked to make schools more energy efficient & learned impo…
don t forget our town halls are scheduled for next saturday  april 14th 
world autism awarness day  light it up blue autismls
op-ed  cost of california bullet train surges  13 billion  more delays expected
rt  warrendavidson  h r  3326 requires the world bank to improve their own governance  and to put more faith in free enterprise and economi…
while i m sad to see the announcement from my friend  speakerryan that he is not running again  i know we have some…
 melissaafrancis  americanewsroom  foxnews thanks  melissaafrancis    taking it to them 
if you need help with anything from federal agencies to requesting tours  my staff and i are always here to help …
nuevamente la brutalidad de la dictadura castrista se ensaña contra el líder opositor  ivanlibre golpeándolo  tortu…
rt  murphindc  next step in getting billygraham statue at us capitol   senatorberger names 4 to new statuary hall selection committee  dav…
praying for missing uss john s  mccain sailors  including our heroes from tx & all of their loved ones 
great to be in altivista for a discussion on workforce development and skilled trade apprenticeships at virginia…
h r  3331  as amended  has passed the full cmte by voice vote
appreciate meeting with brooks county family connection yesterday to talk about their programs with 3rd graders in…
 hi_its_kari  indivisibleca48 y r u unaware of my leadership role in opposing amnesty which would increase of flood of illegals into usa
in clay county yesterday  visiting w/community leaders  local business owners & residents for the state of the coun…
icymi  senator  mikecrapo &  rephensarling  along with 38 senators and 75 representatives  filed an amicus brief in…
i was honored to host the dir of nih  francis collins  phd  for a tour of uf s sid martin biotech institute  we dis…
today  potus announced his plan to lower prescription drug prices for americans  i am thrilled to hear eliminating…
rt  rowancountync  happy earth day  get out and explore one of our five county-maintained parks today to celebrate  learn more at
my second bill of the night has passed  the final vote was 403-3  ia03 
on floor this am to discuss 1 of most effective means to upwardmobility -  cte  career & technical education skills based education
i applaud  realdonaldtrump for withdrawing from the disastrous iran nuclear deal  the iran deal was a giant mistake…
it was an honor to have  uofalabama president dr  stuart bell visit my office this afternoon  he gave me a great up…
rt  _jennifermiel    uschamber thanks congressmen  petesessions and  repjoewilson for the confidence-building briefing on u s -turkey comm…
on national police week  we honor our local heroes committed to selflessly serving our communities and protecting ou…
great read in  forbes about  wrightpattafb s impact on o h s economy⬇
  cnbc  private payrolls grow by 241k in february vs  205k est   adp/moody s analytics      the job market is rip…
✅this week  bipartisan legislation combating human trafficking was signed into law  equipping lawenforcement  pro…
rt  maggienyt  that  presssec sat and absorbed intense criticism of her physical appearance  her job performance  and so forth  instead of…
rt  novambb   reptommacarthur thank you for your support  we couldn t do it without you  nova nation  now  lets march nova 
russia s destabilizing behavior  including their attempts to influence our elections and the recent attack in engla…
from my family to yours  happy easter 
we have known for years russia is not our friend  the recent justice department indictments are finally proof russi…
rt  uscapitol  our staff preserves and maintains the historic buildings  monuments  art and gardens on the capitol campus  📣 to each of our…
ag 2018 farm bill  al03 
doj ig asks the right questions but this review should be in addition to  rather than in lieu of  a special counsel…
americans w/ alz will now have access to a care plan-allowing them 2 stay in homes longer & raising quality of life
the hearing on hr 469 & hr 732 is about to start  watch live here --&gt 
rt  repkevinbrady  icymi  i took to local airwaves back home in  tx08  and talked about the biggest and boldest step we ve taken in 20 years…
  repanniekuster  co-chair of the bipartisan heroin task force with me  have placed a friendly bipartisan…
yulin dog meat festival in china is brutal  barbaric and must be stopped  proud to cosponsor h res30 to help end dog meat trade
merit monday  hr559 
we covered a lot of ground at today s rsc lunch  effective conservatism isn t a goal  it s a daily practice 
citizenship matters
i m glad to be at the groundbreaking for fulton s expansion in downtown lancaster this morning  fulton has a reputa…
rt  repmarkwalker  once again   senatemajldr is making excuses for why he cannot do what we all promised in the past  this rejection of  po…
it is critical that congress investigate why protocols at the fbi were not followed and why they failed to share in…
good luck to the  packers at the n f l draft tonight  go pack go
kim karnofski  a library-paraeducator at castle rock high  received the rise award in dc  i had the opportunity to…
happy national agriculture day  agday2016
  cnbc   small business workers saw their wages grow at the strongest rate in 2 years  survey 
headed to a  houseappropsgop interior hearing on the 2016 budget proposal for the us  forestservice tune in 
rt  foxnewsradio  congressman  jim_jordan takes it to the mats  listen to  shannonbream s livin the bream podcast 
i think it s a good idea to upgrade us-74 into an interstate  this will cut travel times & facilitate economic de…
rt  repjimbanks  american consumers are the most confident they ve been since 2000  this is another strong indicator that the tax cuts and…
congratulations to jim bridenstine for being sworn in as  nasa administrator today  looking forward to working with…
rt  mikedebonis  &gt  pattiberi points out aca was 10 times as long and was released 9 hours before w&m markup  objects to germaneness 
rt  waysandmeansgop   consumer sentiment in march unexpectedly jumped to a 14-year high after tax cuts boosted disposable incomes  via bloo…
my office is participating in the veterans history project  to share your story or learn more  click here 
need help with a federal agency  today  our  va05  team is holding mobile office hours in buckingham  greene …
actually  to the extent you are interested in the truth  in 2018  a middle-income family of four in ks02 would get…
early this morning  the house passed the bipartisan budget act of 2018 which included two of my provisions to help…
enjoyed having folks from mo farm bureau in office  the youngest attendees got to take home a special congressional…
i was on the train that crashed this morning but am okay  please join me in praying for those injured in the accident 
2017 constituent services in review  below is a quick round-up of the services hoosiers used their congressional of…
live now on  foxnews with  mollylinefnc
my staff is hosting mobile offices in ar4 today  if you are in need of assistance with a federal agency  such as t…
i applaud  realdonaldtrump s decision to deploy the national guard to the southern border  with 1 000  people a day…
i had to run to votes  but it was great meeting with members of  pcmanet this afternoon for a few minutes 
thanks for letting me visit & tour  eatoncorp in alpharetta  eaton employs approx  200 folks who live in  ga06  
rt  nytimes  breaking news  the u s  economy added 313 000 jobs in february  far exceeding analysts  expectations  the jobless rate stayed…
to all the cops on the beat  and to your loved ones  you do not fight alone  we are with you  and behind you  alway…
i applaud the administration s announcement to further crack down on north korea s illicit activities  targeting nk…
rt  robertharding    repjohnkatko outlining what s in the federal spending bill for water infrastructure  the backdrop for today s event  s…
1/2 last week  sec  zinke announced a draft plan to open up more offshore territory for energy exploration  i don t…
the science used to justify costly epa regs like  wotus  should be transparent & public
thank you  commoncause for inviting me to speak on your panel this morning to discuss partisan gerrymandering with…
rt  housecommerce  live now  sub energy convenes markup of h r 4606  h r  5174  h r  5175  h r  5239  and h r  5240 &gt &gt 
rt  cisredhounds  thanks  repguthrie for your support of public education  cwnewsjournal  corbinschools  kaespky principals advocate redho…
great to be back with my pal  varneyco on  foxbusiness to talk about how we can get the irs up to speed with the 21…
great news that the va is beginning to offer hyperbaric oxygen therapy as an option for our veterans 
congratulations to lucas on being named the next gerberbaby  what a celebration of life and the joy that all life…
calling into the  sammaloneshow this morning at 8 30am central  we will discuss the many breaking news topics this…
rt  secretarysonny  it s a great morning in kentucky  getting set to see what the  kentuckyffa kids are up to on their demo farm at montgom…
rt  housegop  pro-growth policies are changing the course of the u s  economy and hardworking everyday americans  ✔️  u s  jobless claims…
rt  covnews    congressmanhice says georgia and the federal leaders are building a pro-business climate  which showed with this week s anno…
i m proud to have experienced members of my constituent services team offer mobile office hours events throughout…
a new spoofing scam may suggest you  verify  the  irs  phone number on be alert and don t f…
rt  reptomgraves    kroger said it planned to hire for 11 000 new positions  including 2 000 management roles  at that time  it said would…
it s with great sadness that pam & i learned of the passing of barbara bush  her charm  compassion  humanity & wit…
prayers today for those facing hurricane maria in puerto rico & the virgin islands & for our neighbors in mexico after terrible earthquake 
these important congressional accountability act reform measures are the result of a bipartisan and comprehensive r…
rt  houseappropsgop  the house just passed a bill that will provide  36 5 billion in emergency funding for hurricane and wildfire response…
thornberry  cornyn introduce bills to advance resolution of red river land dispute
rt  mainepublic  poliquin said making certain that maine hospitals receive their va payments on time provides sustainability for the operat…
happening now  tune in 
today we celebrate international womens day  thank you to all the inspiring women in my life  including my mother be…
battle going on between trump and obama holdovers over interim cfpb director  simple solution  jeb hensarling as th…
always a pleasure to spend time with our local missouri farmers  thanks for having me 
keeping my friend  stevescalise in my prayers this morning and wishing him a quick and safe recovery 
virginia to receive  646k for boating infrastructure  va01 
rt  illnewsnetwork  a measure dialing back the dodd-frank act would be welcome news for farmers and small business owners looking for credi…
rt  netanyahu  an historic moment  the united states embassy is opening in our capital city – jerusalem 
rt  cr  ==&gt   freedomcaucus co-founder  jim_jordan tells  natemaddencrtv   there had better be  a push for a stronger immigration bill  read…
rt  thehill  gop lawmaker planning to nominate trump for nobel peace prize
thanks to everyone that made the lcm foundation s  409 strong  celebration possible  it was a pleasure to visit w/…
great to join so many women leaders in loudoun at 100 women strong tonight  the hundreds of thousands in grants th…
join me in thanking the brave police officers of  mi11  who selflessly put their lives on the line every day to prot…
talked to edison electric institute this morning about the importance of securing the nation s electric grid and en…
rt  randpaul  we ve got a great coalition working to restore our privacy rights  my hope is that the amash amendment will pass and that it…
congratulations to lisa hershman on her new role as deputy chief management officer at the department of defense  i…
rt  glyndabecker   wsueverett  wsuvancouver  repnewhouse meeting with our new  wsutricities chancellor sandra haynes  thank you for your t…
as we wind down the year  here s a snapshot of what my team and i have accomplished in 2017  it is an honor and a p…
i will be speaking to  housecommerce committee about how the opioidcrisis is affecting communities in  pa06   watch…
enough is enough  i m voting for the regulatory accountability act to curb obama s burdensome regulations 
announcement to retain full brigade end strength for jber s 4-25 underscores their importance to us army & nation…
thank you to cs packaging for hosting a roundtable about the tax cuts and jobs act with other local business owners  e…
rt  93wibc   repjimbanks discusses the president s decision to pull out of the iran nuclear deal on  foxnews |
house passed ndaa
rt  housegop  there are countless ways that the tax cutsand jobs act will be better than our old and outdated tax code  here are our the top…
today i had the opportunity to update bankers from across the nation on our ongoing legislative efforts to provide…
rt  gitzelpuentetv  happening now  roundtable discussion with u s  senator  jiminhofe  repmullin  deptvetaffairs and vets about opioid cris…
rt  chrisemetcalf  8th annual sustainability legislative forum  thank you congressman fred upton  rep kim lasata and mayors muhammad and ga…
proud to have authored provisions in today s spending bill to reject pay increases for members of congress and to p…
  visitnmb and i share the same goals of growing businesses  leveling the playing field  & creating jobs  with tax…
thanks to brighton nc machine corporation for showing me around their facility today  great story about a business…
chairman  repkevinyoder & the legislative branch subcommittee hold a hearing on the fy19 budget for  uscbo  watch l…
this week  i met with the  indianaec to discuss how we can work together to advance meaningful legislation to help…
at 1 pm   congmikesimpson leads the energy & water member day  watch members testify on their fy19 government fundi…
for howl-o-ween  unofficial dc office mascot dale is dressing up as one of his favorite paw-liticians…
as reckless spending continues  our debt has soared past  18 trillion  we must cut spending to help our economy grow 
seven years ago today  our state and district was struck by a series of storms that would forever change the lives…
rt  housecommerce  these brave americans are coming forward to share their stories that the scourge of the opioid crisis has directly had o…
 hrhammer  elzbellzs i ve stayed up late doing my own tweets  going to bed  good nightl
rt  foxnews  breaking news live   potus makes an announcement on the iran deal 
icymi  i joined justice & drew this past friday to discuss my mpo amendment that was unanimously voice voted to be…
rt  repandybarr  ready to board air force 2 with  repguthrie  we are headed to lexington with  vp to make the case for repealing and replac…
rt  iambiotech  bio applauds  repsinema and  reptrey for their support of the trid improvement act which provides regulatory relief to smal…
today we remember and honor our men and women who made the ultimate sacrifice to keep our country safe for all americans  memorial day
wonderful time to kick off the holiday season  🎄 my office enjoyed getting in the festive spirit with so many of yo…
 equal4_america  balochdaaim  statedept so u support the slaughter of baloch people by corrupt & brutally oppressive pak gov  u re exposed
interested in attending one of the u s  service academies  don t miss this event 
rt  americanewsroom  watch   sandrasmithfox  repleezeldin on  potus possibly quitting the iran nuclear deal
rt  ktvz  rep  greg walden pressed drug distributors at a capitol hill hearinjg today as to their role in alleged opioid pill-dumping 
 defendourfuture there are so many climate solutions that have bipartisan support  to name a few – building more r…
valuable information about the plight of zhu yufu and thousands of other political prisoners in china is available…
congratulations to rockport-fulton senior and former intern  blake mieth  keep up the awesome work 
this bill would study the deployment of school resource officers across the country to better understand how these…
on this day 109 years ago  oklahoma became the 46th state in the union  happy statehood day 
13th annual mason-dixon chili society cook-off to benefit the united gospel rescue mission  great to see so many fo…
with the labor market nearing full employment  last week s new applications for u s  unemployment benefits dropped…
rt  ninerbaseball  niners win          down to their final out and final strikes     down 4-0 on the board  the niners score six in the nin…
rt  mr_wilhelm_hhs  military academy information night at big blue  we appreciate  warrendavidson and his office staff for presenting 
rt  repwesterman  national park week continues in ar4  if you have not had a chance to visit the buffalo national river  make plans for a v…
rt  startribune  cop who stopped st  cloud mall attacker becomes first minnesota officer given congressional badge of bravery
  repkevinbrady   i don t have anyone coming up to me in texas and saying   hey  let s go back to the bad old days …
this week is national police week  thank you to all of our law enforcement officers for the sacrifices you make each…
democrat senator schumer is playing politics with children s health care  schumer shutdown
for 70 years  the united states has stood with israel and i join with iowans across the third district in celebrati…
great to visit with  nichollsstate president clune and listen to his thoughts and plans for innovative collaboratio…
join us monday for our national police week hearing on building trust b/w communities & law enforcement  watch live 
further  our businesses and their employees are already experiencing great benefits from the passage of the tax cut…
with the support of  usaid &  statedept  peru is eradicating coca plants & promoting substitution crops  these inve…
had chance to listen to  benshapiro today  ben strongly promotes free speech and judeo-christian values on his popu…
congratulations to the 2018 winner of the  fl26  congressional art competition –  mdcps  maszeldaglazer junior cathl…
rt  fwmoa  this afternoon  congressman jim banks  representing indiana s 3rd district  visited fwmoa to congratulate winners of the congres…
rt  foxnews    darrellissa   when california thwarts the law  those criminals don t all stay in california  they ll go to adjacent states  …
 buzzfeednews great read   lissandravilla  katenocera
the spending bill that was signed into law in march included  4 billion to expand education  prevention  and treatm…
rt  occollege  o c college alum drew feustel   great to be done with exams and ready for launch  watch  nasa  tv on march 21  read drew s st…
originally established in 1885  we recognize today as president s day and celebrate all those who have served our g…
to be clear  it looks like the obama white house team was getting briefings on an fbi investigation into an opposin…
icymi  here is my weekly newsletter  the hill report --&gt 
proud to speak at deployment ceremony of 310th mp unit from farmingdale going to guantanamo  great americans 
so far this congress   natresources has marked up 147 bills  at 10 15 am the committee will markup 6 more  watch live here 👇
a high compliment from rev  graham whose moral compass matches that of any mortal   kimreynoldsia
we owe it to our college athletes to build a better system that incentivizes them to finish school  rewards their a…
hearing  promoting onshore oil and gas development in alaska  set to begin shortly  tune in 
thanks to the indiana credit union for meeting today to discuss regulatory relief and how we can work together to h…
rt  usccbprolife  sandra joins  repdianeblack in  thehill to explain why the conscience protection act must be included in the final fiscal…
rt  waysandmeansgop  at 10am w&m will host a hearing on the effects of recent tariff increases on the u s  economy and jobs  watch live 📺…
job training efforts are critical to giving mainers the opportunities to be successful  we are seeing more job oppo…
rt  usmc  73 years ago today  marines on iwo jima raised the flag atop mount suribachi  semper fidelis 
happy birthday  utah 
during today s  facebook  transparency and use of consumer data  hearing  i questioned mark zuckerberg about bias …
songs reframe the world  they show us reality as it is and as it could be  i introduced the music modernization act…
as we begin tonight s  rulesreps hearing i would like to take a moment to remember and honor my dear friend and col…
rt  housegop    potus  since the election  we have created 2 4 million new jobs  including 200 000 new jobs in manufacturing alone  after…
rt  natresources  picture perfect markup this morning 📸
rt  speakerryan  we must end sex trafficking in the united states  so much trafficking starts with deceit  exploitation  and recruitment on…
today  i ve spent most of the day visiting all sorts of small businesses in york co  i want like to thank watson in…
i ll be speaking with  kennedynation tonight at 8pm et on fox business network  tune in 
great news  gov   henrymcmaster designated 24 opportunity zones in the seventh district  7 of which are along the i…
rt  ehs_eagles  congratulations to tyler davis for his appointment to the  navalacademy thank you u s   congressmanhice for recognizing and…
i read the fisa memo yesterday & what i saw was deeply troubling  to say the least  i believe the memo should be de…
i have nothing but the strongest condemnation for north korea nucleartest  dangerous  reckless  with zero regard for global peace & order 
under  potus s leadership  america can be strong on public safety and smart on prison reform while being a good ste…
the hhs mandate forced religious employers to violate their consciences - 2day s decision protects their first amendment rights
rt  leedsgarcia   even before the march 5th deadline over 20 000 would have lost their  daca  status   -  repnewhouse being a leader  dream…
looking forward to a good conversation this afternoon with  potus & bipartisan members of congress on how we can ke…
ready with my blue and yellow for today s game  go jacks 
discussed the farm bill and other initiatives to help people move from poverty to prosperity with  feedinshungry  w…
hiring employees… giving pay increases… expanding… this is what we re seeing from our small businesses thanks to…
today i introduced bipartisan legislation to ensure pharmacists are able to advise patients when there may be a bet…
joining  the_scott_cox from washington to discuss tonight s state of the union address  tune in to  kern1180 to listen live   sotu 
icymi-https //t co/e41ta4rhdz
rt  housegop  thanks to the tax cutsand jobs act  consumer optimism jumped to a 14-year high  everyday americans are confident  knowing that…
happy passover to all who celebrate 
did you miss my opening statement during this morning s hearing  make sure to follow  edworkforce to keep up to dat…
i ll be on  foxbusiness in a few minutes  tune in 
tax reform helps you save for future education  because of the tax cutsand jobs act  families can save the first  10 …
exciting news for  tn03   no better place for this multi-million dollar investment  and another example of the great…
praying for everyone involved in this tragedy and for their families  amtrak has set up a passenger information lin…
  speakerryan has served his country & this institution honorably  i m proud to have served alongside him in congre…
excited to be joining  danaperino on the  dailybriefing to discuss the budget and infrastructure   foxnews
my wife marie and i would like to thank bridget blehm and for families of active military  ffam  for hosting anothe…
much has been said about the tax reform bill  but few have noticed a provision that gives states a new tool to revi…
celebrating 50 years of  kckchamber congressional forum  appreciated discussing many issues today at this forum at…
rt  natresources  according to  pewenvironment  restoring america s national parks would create 1 526 jobs for hardworking texans  fix our p…
happy national milk day from the 3rd largest milk producing state in the nation
 we have no accountability for the amount of money we are spending in afghanistan     repthomasmassie and i have wr…
rt  amcauce  proud to see  repnewhouse rallying colleagues to protect dreamers   daca 
don t forget to vote in the 2018  tn06  congressional art competition before 5 00 pm ct on monday  may 7th  the artw…
 snap  waivers have run amuck  35% of americans live in an area with no work requirements because states waived any…
rt  librarycongress  happy birthday  alabama  here s our web guide to library resources for the state otd hbd ht…
today is holocaust remembrance day  & i ask you to join me in reflecting on the millions of innocent people who suff…
final chapter of hurricane harvery has not been written    but the country is with houston and ready to help …
tune in  i m on  cspanwj now 
rt  repadamsmith  proposals on the redesign of  statedept &  usaid must be transparent & done in consult with the development community & w…
congrats to ally cohen of reno s pine ms on winning 1st in the state  nationalhistory comp  good luck at nationals in june  nv02   wcsdtweet
congrats to my friend kelly knight craft who was sworn in as our canadian ambassador  she will represent ky and our…
rt  yaliberty  15 minutes until we go live with  justinamash and  libertycliff  make liberty win
very disappointing votes cast just now by michigan s two senators  this was a moment for real leadership in keeping…
today is american business women s day - a good time to talk about barriers working women face  join us live at 1 15
local emergency contact numbers
gop picks yoder to chair influential homeland security appropriations subcommittee
enjoyed visiting the  dco_springfield this afternoon  these dedicated professionals gave me a very detailed and com…
wishing ireland jones from  creeksidems the best of luck as she strives to break the world baton twirling spin reco…
this might seem like an odd tweet  but this little dog was with us for 16 years and ran her final lap yesterday  he…
if there s one area that highlights that congress plays by a different set of rules than the american people  it s…
rt  repgregwalden  drug distributor ceos being sworn in at  housecommerce hearing to explain their role in the deadly opioidcrisis  tune i…
rt  hurdonthehill  icymi  my opening statement from today s it subcommittee hearing  our existence as a democracy depends on free  fair &…
rt  houseappropsgop  chairman  usreprodney  most importantly  it includes historic investments in our armed forces – including the largest…
we re all proud of you  lonnie 
happening now  speaking on the house floor in support of h r  1917  a bipartisan bill that helps small businesses b…
the lugar center  a non-partisan policy organization focused on bringing both parties together to find bipartisan s…
thank you  potus for supporting h r  2989  the frederick douglass bicentennial commission act 
rt  senategop   i m proud that the tax reform law is putting money back in the pockets of ohio families  creating more opportunity for ohio…
taxreform is restoring hope and optimism for americans and their families 
discussing maryland s spending priorities with my fellow md reps  making sure congress is spending your tax dollars…
rt  housegop  the tax cutsand jobs act is giving people from all walks of life a more optimistic view of their futures  whether you re a smal…
president trump s decision to launch precision airstrikes targeted to eliminate syria s chemical weapons capabiliti…
rt  stevescalise  today  we remember the atrocities of the holocaust  we recommit ourselves to standing with the jewish people and to fight…
thank you to  sherifflamb1 and the  pinalcso for keeping our communities safe 
rt  nei  go deeper into why the time is now to act on america s used nuclear fuel   nwpaa   housecommerce
i urge my colleagues in the house to join us in safeguarding the health of americans with kidney disease https //t co/m1qsiue209
this week  it was an honor to join my colleagues in the bipartisan heroin task force for a press conference where i…
rt  nasa  we honor the legacy of dr  martin luther king jr  on the 50th anniversary of his death  here is a look back at a view of his memo…
rt  in_corn  thank you  reptrey for attending yesterday s coffee shop talk sponsored by  firstfarmersbnk  we greatly appreciate your suppor…
rt  neilwymt  watch live  community leaders and enerblu announce nearly 900 high-paying jobs coming to eastern kentucky 
from the  ocregister editorial board   america s complicated and onerous tax code has long needed an overhaul  thou…
rt  secnielsen  thanks to chairman  repmccaul for your leadership on this bill  it is essential that congress act now  creating a strea…
this afternoon  the house will vote to appropriate  659 2b for a full year of funding for  deptofdefense 
the interest on our national debt is growing at an astounding level-reaching over  1t in the next 10yrs  current le…
one of the great joys of serving in congress is getting the privilege to meet so many hard working and talented kan…
we need answers now  we must investigate clinton s alleged  pay to play  scheme w/ clinton foundation & state dept 
rt  apsb_official  due to the high potential for hazardous road conditions  ascension public schools will remain closed on thursday  jan  1…
this week is national teacher appreciation week  thank you to all the educators on long island & across the country w…
i encourage you to join those like the people   1st baptist in guntersville in praying today for the victims of har…
rt  amyjoi16  new  rural counties fighting to keep reduced monument boundaries
a big thanks to  educationgadfly &  schoolchoicenow for another successful  goppolicy school choice staff briefing
rt  ron4va  reps   tedyoho   rephartzler  and  rodneydavis join  dcexaminer s  examining the farm bill  event   
psa   whitehouse has opened up the online ticket lottery for the 140th white house easter egg roll  the easter egg…
my staff is looking forward to visiting elkins next week and talking to you at my mobile office …
had a great day on the road in  ne03   including visits to den s country meats in table rock   perustate  whiskey ru…
rt  ronsouthwick1  ron southwick  veterans deserve the best care possible  i spoke with  repcharliedent about giving vets more health care…
i enjoyed getting to meet with new  governorkayivey last week in montgomery
today  i voted to re-open our government  pay our troops  and renew the children s health insurance program for six…
congratulations to  senduckworth and her family as they welcome their newest addition 
rt  gopleader  you deserve the truth  here is why the fisa memo matters ↓
it s way past time to protect taxpayers and prevent a repeat of the biggest bailout in our history 
thanks to  mikiebarb for a great  thoughtful interview 
as a cosponsor of the bipartisan puppers act  i m grateful for efforts by  sgillums  amvetshq to stop wasteful spen…
46 people die every day from overdoses involving prescription opioids  protect your family & friends by disposing o…
rt  repjasonlewis  visited southview design in eagan to discuss their work in landscaping & hear how tax reform will positively impact thei…
hosting my 43rd telephone town hall meeting for nj7 residents from my desk in washington this monday evening 
testimony from heroes like sonia inspires us to fight against evil and hatred  every person who hears her amazing s…
rt  foxbusiness    replouiegohmert   i have no problem with impeaching rosenstein  he is a problem  he needs to step down  
if you are a high school student looking at college  i encourage you to attend the upcoming atlanta national colleg…
our military and national security should not be bargaining chips in the immigration debate  senate democrats claim…
rt  repstefanik  watch my full opening remarks on emerging technologies  cyber warfare  and counterterrorism during the subcommittee on eme…
barbara bush had an unparalleled style and grace  not only was she our first lady  but a fiercely loyal wife  mothe…
live now  sub d c c p convenes hearing titled  perspectives on reform of the cfius review process  &gt &gt 
the new pikes peak national cemetery for our region s veterans should see initial burials in fall 2018  the cemeter…
rt  usnavy  happy 242 navy bday  🎂🎈 rt to celebrate america s seapower to protect and promote  🇺🇸⚓
yesterday i testified before  housevetaffairs about my bipartisan bill to help ensure veterans with injuries and am…
rt  huntsmanabby  the winner of last night was hands down  presssec  sitting poised and beautiful as wchd comedian michelle wolf reminded…
don t forget that tomorrow is the deadline to apply for summer internships in my washington office  if you are inte…
rt  housegop  500  companies have announced new employee benefits 4 million  americans are receiving special bonuses  4 billion  in bonuses…
rt  farmbureau   wotus  101  what it is  why it hurts ag  and how farmers and ranchers can help rescind it
rt  repkevinyoder  i was an early supporter of this innovative provision and helped make sure it was included in the tax cutsand jobs act - r…
many folks don t realize the texans getting in their trucks each morning to work on nearby rigs or at refineries ar…
thanks to  cornhuskerbsa scout executive & ceo  chrisblum6 for giving me a tour of camp cornhusker and telling me a…
 replizcheney is managing the rule on h r  2213 - anti-border corruption reauthorization act  watch the  housefloor live on  cspan 
usfs chief tony tooke honors the brave men and women who rescued the hikers from the eagle creek trail 
it s a big day for  sbagov  not only has it been one year since  sbalinda was sworn in  but the buffalo district is…
tomorrow i am hosting academy day for students in  ar3  who are interested in service academies and rotc in springda…
tax day shouldn t be such a burden  that s why through the tax cuts and jobs act we fixed the tax code and made it sim…
president  realdonaldtrump is right  the second amendment must never be repealed  he is doing good work by filing o…
thanks to major general bohac  colonel gray  and captain carlson for meeting with me to provide an update on our…
if you ve been keeping up with my recent tweets  you saw that i ve been all over the fifth district this week to ce…
as the president of france comes to speak with us this week  i reflect on the french police officer who gave his li…
rt  speakerryan  we must end sex trafficking in the united states  so much trafficking starts with deceit  exploitation  and recruitment on…
excited to cheer on  hailstatewbk with enthusiastic fans like kennedy  see our photo in the linked tweet …
glad to hear my friend  repmobrooks  surgery went well  ann and i send him prayers and well wishes for a speedy rec…
 we cannot change what happened anymore  the only thing we can do is to learn from the past   -otto frank…
deeply saddened to hear the news of rev  billy graham s passing  we need more folks like rev  graham  who inspired…
today  brightline admitted they lied when they said their project is  not publicly funded at all   brightline s pre…
the iran nuclear deal did not protect the safety of u s  citizens and it put our allies  including israel  in grave…
rt  deptofdefense  ⚡️   🇺🇸  🇫🇷  🇬🇧 launch strikes at syria  u s   french & british forces launched precision strikes april 13  2018  again…
rt  nbc4i  our full coverage of the great american eclipse is here online  solar eclipse2017
rt  openfairskies  thank you  repbobgibbs &  repmarcykaptur for leading oh delegation in calling for fair competition under open skies
biggest gains were in construction  average salary  16 43/hr   big gains in manufacturing  average salary  26 50/hr…
🚨 new   tgowdysc & i just called for a special counsel to investigate potential bias/conflicts of interest & fisa a…
wishing a very happy birthday to  speakerryan 
rt  rxsummit  did you miss  rephalrogers  speech  check out a playback of the live feed on our facebook  rxsummit
what an image  welcome home 
rt  housegop    reptomprice  washington has tried the bureaucratic way  and it is failing  it s time to try a better way  
  housescience member  steveknight25 authored key legislation in the faa reauthorization bill that advances our avi…
congress will soon honor the late reverend dr  martin luther king  jr  with a ceremony in the  uscapitol to observe…
vinton county is no longer a food desert  welcome  campbell s market - thank you being a partner in making  oh15  a…
it is a  1 3 trillion spending bill littered with concessions to liberal democrats like chuck schumer and nancy pel…
thanks for your advocacy barbara 
american tax dollars should never be used to reward terrorism  despicable practice by palestinian authority  sayfie
house judiciary committee approves the  citizens  right to know act   h r  2152   this bill ensures oversight of pr…
rt  foxbusiness    reprwilliams on illegal immigration in texas   we ve had this problem a long time  
enjoyed my visit with the alabama fire chiefs to discuss fire safety 
to our military veterans  on behalf of all the citizens of michigan s first district  i say thank you  we remain forever in your debt 
rt  housegop  90% of americans are getting a bigger paycheck thanks to the tax cutsand jobs act  how will you spend your extra     
 where manufacturers & sellers can sell into the us market w/ impunity  it encourages aggressive cost cutting & one…
just moments ago i voted to reauthorize funding for congenital heart disease research at the  cdcgov this is…
rt  business    rep_stevewomack says the u s  fiscal glide path  is not a sustainable formula 
sub oversight chairman  greggharper previews next week s hearing featuring testimony from the major drug distributo…
rt  orbitalatk  successful launch   hylas4   designed and built at our dulles  virginia facility  has completed initial in-orbit testing and…
today  the house passed the faa reauthorization containing my amendments to strengthen commercial air service in ru…
rt  mercatus   regardless of how one feels about the tax cuts and jobs act  a lack of revenue is not what s driving the mounting federal de…
 we ve all lost loved ones to diseases  and this legislation helps ensure that costly regulations don t stand in th…
 wral after **senate democrats** voted to shut down the government  schumer shutdown
rt  waysandmeansgop  just released   repkevinbrady introduces tax cuts and jobs act
great choice by  lauracurran2017 selecting helena williams as chief deputy county executive  totally professional …
read the full harvard-harris poll here  congress should vote on the securing america s future act  pass s a f
finally  bill is free  america is better to have  bnorthey at the  usda and i am looking forward to working with hi…
i voted for the stop school violence act today  to empower students  teachers  school officials and law enforcement…
fantastic constituent meetings in the office this week 
joining  harrisfaulkner shortly on  foxnews - tune in 
joining  1450whtc live now for my weekly q&a  tune in -&gt 
tonight at 5 pm the committee will meet on two  housecommerce bills - h r  1917  the brick act & h r  1119  the sen…
in case you missed it  the job market is so strong that it s even drawing back in people who ve been out of the wor…
rt  scports  icymi  s c ports newest zpmc cranes arrived on sunday  they will stay docked at columbus street terminal before moving over to…
rt  glcommission  thank you  repmikebishop and our bipartisan congressional delegation for your continued support of the great lakes  healt…
rt  stevescalise  remembering dr  king s message of peace that transformed our nation  inspiring us to love one another regardless of backg…
rt  wsyx6   missing   columbus police on the lookout for missing hilliard girl
i recently visited quality auto care center  a locally owned auto shop dating back close to 100 yrs in south st  pa…
today  we remember and honor the six million jews lost in the holocaust and the millions of other victims of nazi p…
tariffs are taxes on iowans and i oppose president trump s move to impose tariffs on imported steel and aluminum  t…
honored to receive the spirit of enterprise award from the  uschamber  i will always vote for economic growth and f…
this morning s read on the readiness crisis facing our military   national defense →
need help with a federal agency  today  our  va05  team is holding mobile office hours in buckingham  fluvanna …
congratulations to ula on a successful launch last night 
thankful for the brave men and women in blue and all the sacrifices they make to keep our communities and families…
check out my op-ed in the  thehill on james comey s long history of misconduct 
rt  govwaste    repdesantis   a taxpayer who s looking at that budget just trying to see whether their tax dollars are being used properly …
rt  stevescalise  the house just voted to go to conference with the senate to iron out our differences on the tax cuts and jobs act  one s…
today  and every day  we are thankful for the brave men and women in blue who risk their lives to keep us  our fami…
hey wisconsinites  traveling to dc this spring  visit and let us assist you with setting up…
this is the last week for  ny21  high school artists to submit their artwork to the congressional art competition  c…
rt  nfib_pa   repscottperry speaking to  nfib small business about tax and regulatory reform in york pa
this week i had the opportunity to express my concerns with osha enforcement  i urge osha to act as a compliance as…
last night  i voted to keep the government open & extend child health insurance for 6 years for 44 kids in gilliam…
we don t have years of infrastructure investment to catch up on  we have decades 
a pleasure to meet with tom and tina from the northeast nebraska economic development district  we discussed initia…
  jim_jordan and i are tired of the excuses from the department of justice  enough is enough  give us the documen…
rt  repwesterman  in 1945  the 384th bomb group flew a mission over berlin  their b-17 was hit by flak  causing the plane to go down in the…
proud to co-sponsor  hr3114   the export-import bank termination act of 2017 ex im
cary rudman was a good man and selfless public servant for the people of california  my thoughts are with his fami…
rt  nasa    vp pence will swear in jim bridenstine as our new administrator at 2 30pm et on monday  april 23  following the swearing-in  th…
water is the lifeblood of the central valley and our most precious resource  and it s time we address california s…
the availability of low-interest disaster loans from  sbagov is welcome news for residents of plattsburgh and the s…
the old army saying   the beatings will continue until morale improves   seems like a flawed political strategy    i will vote no 
national monument designation the constitutional way  through open hearings  debate and congressional action 
watch the video below from upnorthlive that commemorates this emotional event  🇺🇸 mi01
rt  housebudgetgop   infographic  on the broken budget process and what the house budget committee s budget reform would do 
rt  housegop   i have long said that americans know how to spend their hard-earned money far better than the bureaucrats here in washington…
great discussing infrastructure with engineers from  theacecsc this morning 
 dalejr i ve watched that movie about a million times   dalejr 3 🏁
amidst the rhetoric  had a positive conversation with minnesota s pork producers  was helpful to hear directly how…
want to learn more about the benefits of the tax cuts and jobs act  visit or text  tax reform  to 50589 
i m thankful that three americans are headed home today 
  hurdonthehill  both our allies and potential adversaries are pursuing ai dominance  it is not a forgone conclusio…
it was a pleasure meeting with them and i look forward to working together to support brain cancer research 
financial services subcommittee holds hearing on posey legislation to protect auto  home and life in    politics
rt  housegop  the tax cutsand jobs act is making a real and lasting impact  ✔ americans are seeing bigger paychecks  ✔ families will benefit…
thanks to jim hays from dodge city travel center in cullman county for stopping by the office with the national ass…
hoy honramos su honor y sacrificio en combate  e inspirados en su ejemplo  trabajamos denodadamente para asegurarno…
good discussion on the importance of our patent system today at  ohiostate  to read more about legislation…
rt  americanewsroom   all things criminal or quasi-criminal  that is the special counsel  that is not congress   -  tgowdysc
testifying before rules committee to bring agriculture appropriations bills to house floor that reflect rural ameri…
rt  houseagnews  for those who work in acres  not hours  we thank you  happy national farmers day  thank a farmer
rt  housegop  breaking news → the bill is passed  the tax cuts & jobs act will deliver major tax relief to families all across this nation …
rt  idnationalguard  today is national vietnam war veterans day  we honor the more than 200 idahoans who died during the war and all those…
he persevered and has excelled at the national level - winning gold and silver at the 2015 pan am games - and even…
  neur0tripsy ask buddy
rt  alzgeo  thank you david dobo  right  w/ repjimrenacci s office  for meeting with our staff & volunteer advocates to discuss alzheimer s…
great piece from  repwebster  restore principle to the house of representatives
i ve been honored to know and work with  speakerryan since our days as staffers on capitol hill   he has promoted…
from my family to yours  have a happy easter 
my thoughts and prayers are with the family and friends of congresswoman  louiseslaughter
 largebill68  speakerryan  senatemajldr clearly gop majority matters  there has been meaningful progress  tax refor…
here is a thoughtful and spot-on opinion piece on diversity & assimilation  diversity zealots must embrace assimila…
a tornado warning has been issued for sebastian county  please stay safe in this dangerous weather  we re safe and…
rt  foxnews    repjohnfaso on rebuilding the military   we want to make sure we re telling the parents of these service members   that they…
want to share this exciting statement with you from u s  secretary of labor  secretaryacosta 
correction  deadline is october 17  2016
rt  feedthefuture  congressman  judgecarter visits feedthe future  ilssitamu scientists & trainees to highlight the importance of research…
the subcommittee on terrorism and illicit finance and i are working hard to ensure that all american s personal inf…
tomorrow is tax day  the last day you will ever have to file a tax return using an old  outdated tax code 
rt  housegop  for everyday american families  these real  tangible benefits are game changers  not crumbs ✅ higher wages ✅ special  1 00…
rt  kylekashuv  was an honor meeting with  gopleader  he is genuinely one of the funniest people i ve ever met  we discussed many things …
on this day in 1900  the  usnavy acquired its first submarine  the uss holland 
really enjoyed meeting with folks and auctioning off items at the clinton tennis homecoming event this weekend  was…
want to keep up on the latest legislative happenings in washington and news from across  va05   check out our weekly…
  jwalshms students are in dc for spring break  it was great to spend time with these bright young folks and hear t…
rt  yhn  alabama s  repbyrne urges alabamians to participate in drug take back day alpolitics
this week in a  housescience hearing  i questioned acting  nasa admin  robert lightfoot about commercialization and…
i was glad to take time on the house floor to congratulate the cathedral prep ramblers on winning the  pa  class 4a…
there s no question that  nafta  needs to be updated to account for policy changes  evolving industries and emerging…
thank you to  teamrubicon for the help they have provided tx27 and  janicedean of  foxnews for sharing their story 
rt  malshelbourne    secelainechao to  reploubarletta on hardening schools in infrastructure proposal   i will bring this back to the white…
did you miss last week s e-newsletter  check it out for news on the iran deal  the border wall and more 
why would we pass something that makes illegal immigration worse  i thought the goal is to find a solution …
the opioid epidemic has a heartbreaking impact on thousands of our families  out of the darkness of opioid and hero…
rt  whitehouse  watch live as president trump signs h r  2810  national defense authorization act for fiscal year 2018 
rt  ama_rights    congressmandan ama champion a m a rights
rt  texgrapeman  41 year old messina hof winery  old vine  lenoir papa paulo port loaded with flowers tx wine  vintagetexas  texasmonthly  …
sending thoughts and prayers to the rodriguez family and friends this morning 
good news   tmobile continues to expand across eastern oregon  helping connect rural communities throughout our dis…
as history has shown—as recently as 2002—this type of indelicate protectionism rarely  if ever  works  already we h…
rt  kateirby  two more republicans have officially signed on   repmialove and  roslehtinen   meaning petition only needs 15 more rs plus al…
today is lineman appreciation day  honoring the men & women who keep america powered  thanks for the work you do …
i m proud of the 37 bipartisan bills the  financialcmte passed this congress--including my bill that makes it easi…
i m proud to call mike a good friend and i look forward to working with him and  realdonaldtrump to keep america safe 
  secretaryzinke today discussing expansion of offshore oil   gas drilling  not acceptable to include gulf of mexic…
rt  okfarmbureau  we appreciate rep   tomcoleok04 and all his work on behalf of oklahoma 
it s small business saturday - support your local entrepreneurs and shop small 
happy thanksgiving  we have much to be grateful for  in particular  i am thankful for family  friends  this country…
the deadline to apply for fema disaster aid has been extended until 11/24/2017 
had a good meeting today with community health centers from  mi07   grateful for the important services they provide…
icymi- check out my op-ed regarding the  predictable tirades  from opponents of my met council amendment that ran t…
today is a day that americans should be celebrating  not because it s tax day  but because it s the last year that…
this morning on  foxbusiness   the country that wins the innovation race  wins the future  we want american workers…
 reploubarletta in  dcexaminer this morning on the importance of predisaster mitigation & the reforms included in t…
rt  mduppler  is restoring earmarks a good idea  nope  i lay it out in  nro today 
i spoke with  tonykatz about the iran deal and john kerry s failed  shadow diplomacy 
rt  houseappropsgop  members of the military construction  va subcommittee mark up their fy19 bill  which provides  96 9b for  deptofdefens…
rt  djmanouwsbt  congresswoman walorski looking at the flood damage in elkhart and figuring out what needs to be done to help victims 
the stennis center for public service board of trustees held their annual meeting today in washington  d c   where…
dee dee and i had a remarkable time at  the big event  in greensboro yesterday  hosted by the lake oconee area buil…
banks  north korea looks serious about peace this time via  93wibc
rt  wacofdn  last week  ashley allison   cooperfdnwaco executive director felicia goodman and other representatives of philanthropy southwe…
it was an honor to introduce  vp pence this morning in dallas to talk about how the tax cuts and jobs act is making…
great to spend time with my former district director  and now mayor of norfolk  josh moenning  discussing issues of…
members of my staff are at the local assistance center at  vistalibrary  700 eucalyptus ave in  cityofvista to answ…
regarding the ongoing wildfires  visit safe and well website at to reconnect with loved one…
rt  waltdisneyco  as a result of the recently enacted tax reform  125 000 disney employees to receive  1 000 cash bonus and company launche…
national champs   as the mother of three wildcats  i could not be more proud of this team s amazing run 
american energy = liquid freedom  energy4jobs
congressman griffith s weekly e-newsletter 4 13 18 topic  more good news from tax reform
senator schumer and his democratic senate colleagues have chosen to shut down the government for their own politica…
on this national vietnam war veterans day  i was in barnegat to honor those who served our country with honor and c…
watch live  an overview of the budget proposal for the department of energy for fiscal year 2019
rt  hascrepublicans  chair  mactxpress on successful missile defense test -  test is a warning to the dictator in north korea 
rt  housecommerce  e&c takes its work home to combat the opioid crisis during two week district work period &gt &gt 
rt  repmikecoffman   sotu  may be tonight  but in the people s house the work continues  this is happening now  stream it live here 
meeting with advocates from the alzheimer s association this morning 
ag sessions should accept the recommendation of the ig & fire andrew mccabe  we need accountability and it would be…
i am keeping up the fight to permanently end the medicaldevicetax so utah s lifesciences industry can continue t…
rt  imakeamerica    repjimbanks talking pro-manufacturing policies with employees at asphalt drum mixers in huntertown  in
enjoyed visiting w/  nvhba to discuss the important work they re doing to enhance nevada s housing needs  nahbhome
  potus published great website to explain the causes of the opioid crisis at check out am…
  washtimes   indiana congressman asks colts owner to advocate for please stand super bowl ad 
congressman perry was on the train but is fine – and is praying for the truck driver s family  we ll continue to mo…
great news  wsj - job openings across the u s  have reached a record of 6 6 million & unemployment is the lowest it…
energetic & bright kids - perfect way to end the week  appreciate the educators like mrs  pellegrini & mrs  barne w…
 ff   steeleandungar
kudos to manatee county sheriff rick wells and his officers for the arrest of seven gang members accused of murderi…
congratulations to this year s nominees & good luck as you move forward through the application process …
under  realdonaldtrump s leadership  the state of our union is strong   sotu 
after taking backpage money  nancy pelosi needs to make things right  read my op-ed in the  ocregister here 
my fellow illinois house republicans and i took to the house floor to talk about the positive impact the tax cuts a…
  mrsb1stgraders thanks for your question  ask buddy
there are several things that remain puzzling about the agreement  for example  many of us are still waiting to se…
happy 95th birthday   missourichamber 
thanks to the disabled american veterans for coming by to discuss how we can support south carolina veterans 
2️⃣ hearings this week  subcommittee hearing on bureau of indian education  joint subcommittee hearing on opioids …
icymi   apple announced some great news for our economy and america s workers yesterday 
179 members of congress urge cms to stop experimenting w/ patients  health care & stop cmmi s overreach  more here ⟶
rt  speakerryan  first lady barbara bush was a force who loved her family and our country passionately  the flag at the  uscapitol flies at…
remembering the valiant fallen heroes of nasa today for their contributions to space science and exploration   nasa… 
in today s economic environment  businesses are looking to hire  there are jobs for the taking  soon  i ll be talki…
conducted a quick flash poll during my telephone town hall last night regarding whether they felt families would be…
🎉new year  new tax code → doubling the child tax credit from  1 000 to  2 000 makes our bill a win for the families…
about 90% will see higher paychecks in february due to our plan for tax relief  that is winning   sotu 
this week  my office attended the middle rio grande conservancy where they focused on responsible water conservatio…
it was great to meet with minister naimski again to discuss european energy security issues & us-poland energy coo…
rt  jdelezen   chs_leadstheway students meeting with  repwalberg today  why arent you here
rt  thesafetychick  tbt to my tv segment on stalking safety tips if you are being stalked or know someone who is  get help  go to local la…
families across the nation have been affected by the devastating impact of the ongoing opioid epidemic  this is a s…
rt  alzreadiness  tomorrow is the anniversary of napa s bipartisan passage in us house  thank you  repchrissmith for cosponsoring  making …
rt  sharylattkisson  incredible  bucking the system  an insider explains why the swamp is so hard to drain   fullmeasurenews
there are currently 6 1 million open jobs in the u s  it s time to help our neighbors in need get the training they…
despite the political desire of senate democrats to needlessly shut down the government  my offices will be open to…
this week s budget fact  did you know that the annual budget resolution is the only legislative vehicle that offers…
 noaa is committed to working toward the growth of the private sector as the national infrastructure demands more s…
rt  cspanwj  fri|  repbuddycarter  r-ga  joins us at 8 30 am to discuss the opioid crisis & the latest news from capitol hill  join the dis…
house just passed my blocking regulatory interference from closing kilns  brick  act by a bipartisan vote of 234-18…
good jobs  a booming economy  higher wages  and lower taxes  this is america s comeback  our work with  potus is ju…
  repmarkwalker   we re thrilled with tax reform    but there s more work to be done   republicans still need to …
rt  waysandmeansgop  w&m is getting to the bottom of the irs tech failure on tax day  oversight subcmte members sent a bipartisan letter to…
rt  speakerryan  this is great news→ tax reform has  produced the most recent boost to small-business optimism  
 indivisibleca48  chadenelsen  mrslindaruiz chad did u notice the activist who joined our conversation rejected any consideration of freedom
signed  sealed  delivered  🎁  potus just signed h r  1 into law  taxreform
citrus already on the ropes from hlb  now irma threatens to kill of fl oj saveourcitrus  mickmulvaney…
rt  maderasheriff  railroad fire morning update  currently estimated at 10 734 acres and 23% containment  with 835 personnel assigned  htt…
the new tax law  produced the most recent boost to small-business optimism 
join me in praying for the bush family during this time  barbara is a national treasure who lived an incredible lif…
i was happy to have a front row seat in the oval office for the signing of the interdict act  which will enhance th…
we all play a role in reducing the stigma surrounding mental illness  mental health resources are available across…
rt  bizroundtable   repchuck thank you for supporting tax reform and voting for higher wages for american workers and more jobs 
it was great meeting this week with major general coglianese  commanding general for mcicom  thank you for stopping…
rt  cspan    houseadmngop hearing on state of the  smithsonian – live online here 
after securing  106 million for south fl ecosystem restoration last week  i introduced the  repairact   next step in restoring our everglades
tax season is in full swing  if you have low to moderate income and need help filing taxes  you can find local assi…
rt  frank_g_of_pb   antonia_okafor  stevekingia they consider you a traitor because you think for yourself and they can t control you  👍😊🇺🇸…
medicare beneficiaries have among the highest and fastest growing rate of opioid use disorder  i recently introduce…
2018 tax day is the last time you ll file your taxes through an archaic system  the tax cutsand jobs act simplified o…
from protecting crop insurance to streamlining burdensome regulations  we are fixing the farm bill to protect and s…
i was honored to receive the geothermal heat pump industry champion award from the geothermal exchange organization…
president trump proposes cuts in u n  funding and the state department  both make sense    
one case of sexual harassment is one case too many  as part of the committee s review  ooc provided preliminary inf…
rt  houseagnews  our u s  agriculture industry is as wide and diverse as its people and plays a vital role in ensuring our nation continues…
the first thing on my mind when  senatedems shut down the government  the brave service members and the chip kids w…
rt  ntcaconnect  tune in alert  today at 11 30 a m  eastern ntca vice-chaiman kevin beyer  head of  aciracoop  will share the small  rural…
proud to see my bill on the volcker rule pass in the house today to ease the regulatory burden for community banks…
more good news for hardworking american taxpayers  tax cutsand jobs act
celebrating nationalschoolchoiceweek with mrs  parnell s first graders  these are tomorrow s leaders 
final highlight from the state of the union address  talking space exploration and science with  billnye the scienc…
 2/3  special thanks to  the vietnam helicopter pilots assoc  the vietnam helicopter crew members assoc  the execu…
i will continue to fight as hard as i can to restore the property and state income tax deductions 
rt  gopoversight    repdesantis  we need to take a hard look at what our existing laws and capabilities are  and be honest about what can a…
barbara bush was a wonderful woman and first lady  she was a tireless advocate for literacy and will be greatly mis…
i was proud to welcome the  csuf dc scholars for the spring semester to the house foreign affairs committee this we…
rt  justinamash  tonight  the house is voting on another short-term cr—this time to extend fy17 funding until february 16  every one of the…
icymi   the farm bill is one of the most important pieces of legislation we pass in congress  this bill is critical…
rt  foxandfriends   that is a leak  - repdesantis reacts to james comey saying he doesn t consider giving government documents to the press…
it was my privilege  thank you all again for your service to our nation 
it was wonderful to meet with the military academy appointees from the fourth district this week  they all have bri…
enjoyed hearing such inspirational words from my friend  stevescalise this morning at the national prayer breakfast 
great to speak w/ the ok youth expo  i enjoyed our conversation on oklahoma s leadership in the agriculture industr…
today we recognize world hemophilia day  a rare disease that affects about 20 000 in the us and 400 000 worldwide   whd2018 
catastrophic weapons aimed directly at our friends and allies  i am glad that we finally have a president that is n…
these kits represent victims still waiting for justice  i am proud this message is being broadcast across our nation
today we lost one of america s finest  barbara bush has always been a true advocate for the american family and wil…
positive steps toward diplomacy  as we press forward with our historic conversations with north korea  i am optimis…
the path forward should be clear  it s time for an independent  third party investigator to look at the facts  purs…
instead  i will devote my last year as chairman of  transport to working with  potus  realdonaldtrump and all membe…
live on the house floor for the next 60 minutes to discuss healthcare  the debt ceiling  and technological innovation  please tune in 
corpus christi will soon be the home to a minor league soccer team  corpus christi fc 
as the sun sets on the iran nuclear deal  let s look towards a new dawn for the iranian people  a dawn lit by the h…
our longstanding alliance w/ israel is characterized by respect for peace & sovereignty  i congratulate israel on…
rt  repmarkmeadows  did the fbi use a clinton-paid for political dossier to spy on the trump campaign in 2016  did president obama s doj ta…
i have complete confidence in his ability to conduct a thorough investigation  wherever the facts may lead 
rt  transport  what is wrda  why does it matter  the water resources development act authorizes america s water infrastructure - a critica…
the committee has approved the fy19 legislative branch appropriations bill on a vote of 47-0 
congrats to the cspa high school robotics team from brighton on qualifying for the world championship competition …
today we remember the atrocities of the holocaust  and stand with the jewish people on this anniversary of the wars…
rt  rephultgren  washington needs to get out of the way so community banks can focus on meeting the needs of our towns and cities in  il14 … 
today is tax day and the last time you ll ever have to file under the outdated  complicated tax code 
posey  omnibus bill product of broken budget process  tcot 
my statement on attorney general sessions  decision to recuse himself 
rt  johnscrazysocks  john and mark x  cronin testifying in front of  housesmallbiz right now  watch live   dsworks… 
being us secretary of state should never be viewed as simply a stepping stone to president of the tehran chamber of…
i spoke with  kalbtv5 about how tax reform is working for americans  this is the last tax day under our old  broken…
today is national ag day  agriculture a dynamic part of our national economy and a significant part of our local com…
when the  tx32  congressional app challenge winners dropped by this morning  i showed them my special science project…
the american economy is roaring and main street is leading the way  the small business optimism index has hit a 35…
congratulations to kevin mcaleenan on his confirmation to lead  cbp  i look forward to continued collaboration to s…
rt  cffnebraska  thank you  repadriansmith and staff for a great meeting to discuss issues facing the cystic fibrosis community  cf_foundat…
rt  househomeland  live  chmn  repmccaul joined by  repstephmurphy   adamschiffca &  mactxpress at aspen security forum at 5 45pm et
rt  housecommerce  president trump s infrastructure plan  hit the nail on the head  says cmte leaders  repgregwalden   repfredupton   repsh…
congratulations to president  kristanewkirk of  conversecollege  honored to have been a part of your inauguration 
i was glad to speak with lee matthews on  newsradioktok last friday  we talked about north korea  secretary tillers…
rt  austinscottga08  my  fy19ndaa  amendment requiring the  deptofdefense to construct a plan to address military installations in rural are…
too big to be a small biz  too small to be a large corporation  we hear ya  tune in at 10am today as we dive deeper…
we read it  full analysis with conservative concerns 
today i voted to halt the resettlement of iraqi and syrians in the u s  until we can thoroughly vet each refugee
on this veterans day  i m grateful so many risked their lives to protect our freedom  thank you for your service   
h r  4606  ensuring small scale lng certainty and access act  as amended  has passed the full cmte by a vote of 35 to 15
rt  austin_police  apd is asking the public to remain vigilant and report anything suspicious  if you come across anything that looks suspi…
a few thoughts from today  including my meeting earlier with 5 students from marjory stoneman douglas high school   
some keys to staying safe on northern michigan waters this summer   uscoastguard
my heartfelt condolences to the family members of the four marines from the 3rd marine aircraft wing that were kill…
 3/3  turkey should drop the false charges against pastor brunson immediately and release him to be with his family…
schumer shutdown
rt  housegop    cathymcmorris  the value of human life  that timeless principle  is one that we must continue to cherish 
rt  repdianeblack  icymi  107 of my colleagues joined my letter to  speakerryan   gopleader &  stevescalise urging them to do everything in…
icymi 
take a look at what s on the house floor this week 
special thanks to jennifer garner & mark shriver for spending time in manchester  ky today for  savethechildren
yellville  my mobile office is coming to your neck of the woods on wednesday   ar3 
 tbt  to our pro-family taxreform fight  we protected the child care credit  doubled the child tax credit & cut tax…
this week i joined my fellow veteran  tulsipress​ in introducing legislation to study the widespread exposures of s…
chairman  repmccaul   i think this bold action by  potus putting our national guard down on the border  i hope  is…
it s vital for louisiana s security and economy to repair damage from recent disasters to our flood protection syst…
it was an honor to present  usarmy veteran  john jerrell nichols  sr  the bronze star medal  plus 5 other medals fo…
rt  txrandy14  let s all get behind judge louie gohmert for speaker  he has my vote  he s not afraid to take the fight to the president & …
rt  lighthouseaba  last week  congressman fred upton of michigan s 6th district decided to come visit the lighthouse autism center in porta…
enjoyed being at two different day of prayer events today in the district  in defiance  the discussion panel was ma…
we sat with alex khouri and alex doohen  two women who were honored as citizen heroes for saving the life of a moto…
i was not on the train this morning  please keep the injured in your prayers today 
 u s  consumer confidence jumped to a 17-year high as optimism about employment prospects grew and americans began…
thank you  potus for helping idaho recover from challenging winter weather that damaged important parts of our state
the opioid epidemic  which is now the single deadliest drug epidemic in u s  history  has had a devastating impact…
99 8% of texas businesses are smallbusinesses & employ roughly 4 6 million hardworking texans  i ll continue to fi…
no words adequately convey our deep appreciation for all that  texasarmyguard do to protect when disaster strikes -
the good news for ohio workers keeps coming  as the irs adjusts its withholding tables  90 percent of workers are…
deficits projected to top  1t in yrs to come  econ  growth well below avg  hearing now → economy
citrus greening has devastated the fl citrus industry but we will not quit save our citrus  secretarysonny
americans filed their last returns under the old tax code this week  but we don t have to wait until next year to s…
i had a great time visiting mrs  patton s 4th grade class at the villages charter elementary school yesterday …
rt  speakerryan  utility companies in 48 states have taken action to pass their federal tax savings on to their customers  that s more than…
happy to see the keystone pipeline bill sent to the president s desk today  good for jobs and economic growth  time to build
  repgoodlatte   this legislation provides important reforms to the ada that will provide more access for persons w…
rt  drphilroe  this veterans day  take a moment to remember the sacrifice it takes to keep this great country safe and free  we salute our…
rt  drnealdunnfl2  seventy-six years ago today  our nation was changed forever when the japanese launched a devastating attack on the unite…
we re currently considering key health bills including chip and community health centers  view my opening remarks 
live on  foxnews shortly to discuss the house gop s tax reform plan released today
rt  realdonaldtrump  today we honor dr  martin luther king  jr  on the 50th anniversary of his assassination  earlier this year i spoke abo…
i just introduced hr  5191-- the  mind act of 2018   get details as to how it will help alzheimers disease and…
rt  ajcglobal  the bipartisan taskforce for combating anti-semitism has spoken out regarding poland s proposed holocaust bill  urging polan…
it s an exciting  historic day for arkansas and little rock as  realdonaldtrump signed my bill into law today that…
thank you for stopping by - i enjoyed our meeting   aarpal
rt  joannamrod    repcurbelo on the  housefloor now discussing his  vita  permanence act to permanently authorize cost-free tax filing assis…
grateful for the opportunity to provide a few remarks last night at the us-guatemalan business council  us-gbc  rec…
rt  reptrentkelly  enjoyed welcoming everyone back to the neshoba co  fair with  daughter  morgan  wife  sheila   greggharper  and mom  bar…
rt  whitehouse  mr  speaker  the president of the united states     sotu  
rt  frcaction  thank you  patrickmchenry for displaying unwavering commitment and consistent support of faith  family  and freedom  true bl…
great news  in january the us added a robust 200 000 jobs and wages are up the most in 8 years 
best wishes to the jewish community for a meaningful and contemplative passover 
icymi- my colleagues and i remain united and vigilant in the fight to protect florida s environment and economy  cl…
 problem solvers  push daca fix
rt  harmonize4hope  in dc  join us for a night of music & stories to amplify the voices of rare disease  h4 honthe hill
rt  soar_eky  interested in public health  applications are open now for the community leadership institute of kentucky  learn more at  htt…
it was a great privilege this am on the house floor to recognize and honor the amazing  selfless efforts of the pat…
if you are a student who feels ready to lead our country  don t miss our u s  service academies forum on april 14th…
subcommitee chairman  robert_aderholt  agriculture  food and related industries contributed over  1 trillion to us…
an evening well spent at the quarterly greene-morgan landowners association meeting in buckhead  i m grateful for i…
small business optimism is at an all-time high because of the historic work the unified government delivered with t…
interested in interning in my washington or morristown offices  contact me for more information 
navigating the federal bureaucracy isn t easy – so we often intervene on constituents  behalf to find solutions or…
this saturday marks national prescription drug take back day here in  mi06  & across our state  learn how you can he…
thx to billings police who came out to support vietnam war vets today  i appreciate their service too
i believe that life begins at conception  and saving for the future of that life should too  pro life
rt  sentoomey  in less than 2 months since tax reform was passed  over 300 businesses employing 3  million workers have announced bonuses …
this is a very timely and important  hfac  hearing as we approach the may 12th deadline on the iran deal  we must ad…
according to survey by  nfib  america is open for business  entrepreneurship caucus
 this  12 billion investment program is an outgrowth of the opportunity for tax savings created by the…
as we celebrate the birth of the savior  may the peace of christmas be with you and your families  merry christmas  — l l 
my prayers go out to the families of the victims in today s train accident  it s a terrible tragedy  but i m thankf…
nearly 20 000 inmates per year finish their sentences in ohio  criminal justice reform can make communities safer …
on armenian genocide remembrance day remember the 1 5m ppl lost&refute those who deny the genocide waged against them
rt  march_for_life  today is world down syndrome day  rt if you believe every life is valuable   wdsd18  downysndrome
  miwindows1947 is a great american company that proudly builds  made in america  products  i am thankful for its c…
rt  austinscottga08  the house has just passed my legislation to close a gap in burial benefits for our veterans  you can read more here  h…
wishing all my jewish friends in arkansas and across the country a very happy hanukkah 
rt  michigannews  before tuesday election  compare property tax rates in your michigan county
today  find a collection site near you to bring your unwanted & unused prescription medications  getting opioids of…
rt  foxnews    repdougcollins   this is an interesting game we re playing here  in which the senate democrats have   prioritized [daca reci…
julie was a great intern in my washington office  she s hardworking and so kind  good luck at the  missarkansas pag…
yesterday i discussed how tax reform is helping oklahoma with  oklahomaafp s john tidwell 
spoke at the wood county farm bureau leg breakfast this morning in bg  a lot of discussion on the farm bill   wotus… 
happy to see  teamcavuto well  great guy 
the sharing economy has revolutionized the way we do business  watch my questions from today s  edworkforce hearing 
 speakerryan will be missed in the halls of congress  his leadership will be a lasting legacy that will have positi…
great story from  nbc4i about the 121st air refueling wing making a dream come true with the pilot for a day program
it was a true honor to address the  eleccoopsark yesterday  providing electric power to 500 000 arkansans  the co-o…
rt  repthomasmassie  with no accountability to voters  congress ignores budget caps and passes disastrous bills during lame-duck sessions h…
rt  reprodblum  celebrating the positive impacts of the tax cuts and jobs act with  jobcreatorsusa this morning during small business week  tha…
thanks to our fellow texan  sentedcruz for joining us  tune in now 
only teaching and research assistants are exempt from paying taxes on their reduced or waived tuition and this puts…
great news for the rule of law  --&gt  us appeals court upholds texas  ban on  sanctuary cities  |
these are real american lives at stake  many of whom call colorado home  the schumer shutdown rests on the shoulder…
it s now day 3 of schumer shutdown  here s impact of senate democrats  decision  they need to do the right thing –…
also closed tomorrow per  scontrerasgcs statement  the middle college at bennett the academy at lincoln bessemer el…
 fischlercq
excited for the state of the union address tonight  last year we made meaningful progress as a country and this yea…
final vote  415-0 music modernization act
thanks for backing us up in oc mr  president  sanctuarycity orangecounty
rt  repgoodlatte  the senate passed  fosta- sesta  today and now it heads to  potus  desk to become law  this landmark legislation will help…
great to catch up with  minnbankers today to discuss the progress  financialcmte &  housegop are making to improve…
it s the 1st of may  and we ve got a  spring  in our step at the u s …
rt  indiana_soy  thank you  replarrybucshon for visiting with indiana farmers this week at our coffee shop talk sponsored by  firstfarmersb…
rt  rileywpagett  legislation to amend & modernize  nationalffa s federal charter was introduced in the u s  house of representatives  than…
after speaking to  ngfa i happened to see an elk in  senjohnhoeven s office and had to stop in to check it out 
rt  waysandmeansgop  the irs website malfunction this tax day was a perfect example of the frustration americans have with the agency  the…
rt  katiepavlich  what congress will do now re  iran deal ---&gt 
thank you   politico for setting the record straight 
recovering from a major natural disaster like the floods we saw takes a long time  but the thomasville community is…
senate finally doing the right thing  agrees to vote to end shutdown and reopen government 
  repkevinbrady   goodbye and good riddance to that outdated mess of a tax code that took too much out of the pocke…
rt  whitehouse  we will never forget the lives lost on september 11  2001  and we honor the bravery and selflessness of the american people…
we need a higher education system that is designed to meet the needs of today s students and has the flexibility to…
i m joining senator  johnboozman to continue our discussion of the talk small yall small business tour at the eagle…
rt  housescience  icymi →  housescience chair  lamarsmithtx21 on open data and protecting privacy
rt  ohiofarmbureau  thank you  repbobgibbs for the fantastic farm forum  which included  speakerryan and answering questions important to o…
local manufacturers like  smokercraftboat  transhield and  asaelectronics are critical to keeping up the positive e…
 fosta  is important in combatting human trafficking  i m glad the senate passed this important legislation and we r…
i agree with  potus that school safety is a top priority  i cosponsored the stop school violence act that the house…
house passes tax cuts and jobs act
are we prepared to sustain this response until we obtain constitutional authorization  i agree with the decision  b…
rt  usairforce  on this day in air force history
 mamadiana i disagreed with winner eight yrs ago  i never supported any one disrupting office of those supporting obama agenda  thuggery
rt  housescience    lamarsmithtx21   txrandy14   repbrianbabin  electric grid resiliency - the update america needs
 our irs reform legislation will address all of these issues and more      these are your taxes  and the agents at…
rt  ymcagreaterokc  thank you  tomcoleok04 and  kannady4ok91rep for touring the ymca military welcome center to visit with volunteers and t…
rt  govwaste  we agree with  repmarkwalker  washington is broken  congress must pass the rescissions package to claw back  15 4 billion in…
america is coming back  with more americans working and the future finally looking up  congress will continue to wo…
 ga12  reminder - my staff will be holding community office hours across the district in december  tomorrow they wi…
rt  aggie_gr  thx  repjoebarton  c/o  72  for mtg w/ tamuliberalarts students in the potomac summer institute  part of transformational le…
rt  uscapitol  the 2017 capitol christmas tree sparkles and delights 
gov  murphy & members of the state congressional delegation talk with reporters after their first face-to-face disc…
this week  we recognize and express our gratitude to all law enforcement officers during national police week  thank…
happy valentine s day 
the religious liberties guaranteed by our constitution is not a favor from the government  but rather a natural rig…
rt  41actionnews  kck amazon fulfillment center opens tuesday
drug cartels & other criminal groups are fueling our country s opioid epidemic  & other illicit activities like…
release  sbc examines mid-size businesses  too big to be small  too small to be big
rt  repdavebrat  real median household income was  56 500 in 2015  still below the pre-recession level in 2007 of  57 400  obama recovery
please join me in remembering and honoring those who sacrificed their lives in service to our country this memorial…
i am proud to support our constitution and  2a  rights of 3rd district missourians by voting for the concealed carry reciprocity act today 
live at 10am  we examine bills strengthening government oversight and efficiency 
puerto rico is experiencing a humanitarian crisis  thank you  potus &  vp for assets & aid to assist in recovery 
i discussed how we need an i r s that works for you on our weekly address  listen here 
u s  payment to iran could mean over  1 billion to support terrorism via  aaf
let us continue to keep president  georgehwbush and his family in our prayers  hope the  houstonrockets can close t…
rt  repkevinbrady  we did it  the house has passed tax reform  one step closer to more jobs  bigger paychecks  and fairer taxes for america…
proud of  nc06  constituent mark robinson speaking up for law-abiding citizens  i am the majority
started off the day in bloomington with great coffee and conversation with hoosier farmers  their thoughts and idea…
today i m wearing purple to support and recognize military kids  the daily sacrifices these children make and the o…
 realtoddpaquin  nancypelosi  chuckschumer actually i voted against the omnibus 
as a former florida certified teacher  i know how important it is for students to become bilingual while incorpora…
i talked with judge andrew napolitano about war and the separation of powers  does a president have the authority t…
believe it or not  there s a reason to like tax day this year  we ve rewritten the tax code and now  the average fa…
earlier today   repkevinbrady introduced hr1  learn more about taxreform here →
rt  househomeland  the obama administration s policy of  leading from behind  has led us into danger   housegop has a better way 
wishing all in the sikh american community a very happy vaisakhi  va10 
congratulations to  dollyparton and  dollyslibrary  for 20 years  the organization and its local partners have prov…
the heroin impact project will take a collaborative approach to combat the opioid crisis in colorado and i look for…
snap helps people in meaningful ways but it s not without flaws  this farm bill will modernize asset tests by raisi…
it nice to see the council of michigan foundations yesterday  including  midlandbooster  thank you to all the found…
the 2018 congressional art competition is now accepting submissions through march 30th for the chance to be display…
as a former chemical officer in the u s  army  i recognize the true horror of these weapons  we must make it crysta…
congressman thanks tri-county ywca for its fight against teen violence
 to date  i have identified nearly 800 distinct phishing attacks linked to this group [silent librarian] dating bac…
honored to be with the nelsons   tx31  constituents & inspiration for the veteran transplant coverage act  as we tes…
enjoyed another nebraska breakfast this morning with the nebraska delegation and constituents visiting  dc  
thankful for all the amazing mothers out there today  not only the ones that have touched my life  but each and eve…
house passed conference report to help those struggling with opioid abuse & fight epidemic 
chairman  repkevinbrady will be live in-studio on  foxnews  specialreport with  bretbaier at 6 00pm to talk tax day…
this week i spent more time with and asked more questions of fbi deputy director andrew mccabe than any other membe…
merry christmas from jeanne and me  enjoy today with family and friends- please remember our troops fighting for us 
rt  lafourcheso  ⚠️ all public and private schools in lafourche will be closed on thursday  january 18 
rep  cook to take part in foreign affairs committee hearing on russian disinformation 
happy 95th birthday to jerry freeman  i m delighted to be apart of the celebration tonight 
as your congressman  i have the privilege of nominating a limited number of young men and women each year to 4 of t…
i ll be live with  bumpcolley on  topstoryklix at 8 15 am mt  topic  my new immigration reform bill  tune in …
the verse isn t a response to the tragedy in parkland  fl  my prayers are with those victims  their families  and a…
i ve always tried to have respectful dialogue & not demonize my colleagues who i disagree with of either party  not…
such flagrant disregard of religious liberty as guaranteed by the constitution cannot be blindly ignored →
here is another great story about how the pro-growth economic policies we passed as part of the new tax law are alr…
congrats lady cougars - cinco ranch soccer heading to state     globalvine  cougarnation_jc  katyisd
soon  the house will vote to reiterate the united states  condemnation of hamas  inhumane practice of using human s…
happening now  day 3 our markup hearing on h r  1 - tax cuts and jobs act  tune in here 
best of luck to both ku and mizzou players  great game for a great cause  showdownfor relief
the house voted to reform our tax system this afternoon  cutting taxes will grow our economy and ensure the united…
23 years ago  oklahoma and the rest of our country was forever changed  under the worst of circumstances  we found…
russia s decision to veto the  un resolution is the latest example of putin s determination to shield assad s atroc…
rt  jonhardister  great article by  repmarkwalker about fair treatment for college athletes  college athletics  jayallred
i led the charge to plan and develop an east coast missile defense site  it is an important step to ensure our coun…
rt  housecommerce  opioid crisis
american farmers & ranchers depend on trade and trade promotion efforts are critical to keeping pace w/ foreign co…
rt  knssradio    seanhannity on the overreach on mueller  the inaction of ag sessions  and the bias of the mainstream media rep    jim_jor…
 houseagnews we did this by making good  sound policy changes to both farm and nutrition programs  i believe we can…
on this nationaldayofprayer may all americans from all walks of faith take a moment to reflect on the daily bless…
the house passed legislation to keep the government open - so why are we on the brink of a shutdown  because…
rt  houseagnews  chairman  conawaytx11 address the west tx legislative summit  angelostate this afternoon  the next farm bill house ag listens…
  speakerryan has worked tirelessly in congress for almost two decades fighting for conservative values  it is unde…
i enjoyed a wonderful breakfast this morning at  dv8kitchen in lexington  not only is the food excellent  but rob a…
brave act aids vets continuing their edu   ensuring max use of gi benefits & the efficient use of taxpayer dollars
i love this speech from greensboro  nc resident mark robinson  please take a moment to watch  it s about time our…
this morning  i spoke with the regional fema administrator about the flooding in mid michigan  my statement on our…
joining  foxnews at 4 40pm today to discuss north korea with kelly wright  be sure to tune in  
happening now  state of play  federal it in 2018 joint subcommittee hearing with it and govops  📺➡️…
rt  houseagnews  claim  those on snap who are required to work  do work  fact  ~3 5m households with an individual subject to existing abaw…
the  congressionalac winner for the 13th district  adam walters  was in dc today presenting his app alongside other…
congratulations to the oscar g  johnson va medical center for being named a 2013 top performer on key quality measures  veterans
companies and individuals from across the nation interact with and report to the stb and need to be assured their p…
the horrors of sexual assault have no place in modern society  as a member of the bipartisan task force to end sexu…
nist s framework helps businesses and government defend their data and protect americans  privacy 
 rights  
rt  repkathleenrice    reppeteking & i just signed on as original cosponsors of the u s aact  bipartisan legislation to protect dreamers  c…
this morning   in05  principals  school board presidents & administrators participated in a school safety roundtable…
are you getting my e-newsletter  sign up to get on the list and receive the latest news on how i m getting results…
most drivers say that what they prize about  uber most is the flexibility of being able to work around job  family  and school g o p future
heard today  my co-worker thanked my boss this weekend for the pay-raise  he informed her that her pay rate didn t…
on this day in 1939  the first railroad car equipped with fluorescent lights  the gen pershing zephyr  began service 
my statement about yesterday s shooting  utpol
rt  patrickmchenry  this week we celebrate national police week to honor the brave men and women in blue who are dedicated to keeping our co…
today  housecommerce hosted an electric power hearing  one witness was from  directenergy and saved a ntx school  23k through data analytics
rt  realdonaldtrump  thanks to our historic tax cuts  america is open for business  and millions of american workers are seeing more take-h…
had a nice tour of the plant and meeting with the leadership team at  sustainablesock in mt  airy …
rt  kuow    cathymcmorris  i m encouraging women every day to get involved with politics  all the issues are women s issues — and the issue…
rt  justinamash  a law can exist for any duration  appropriations  spending  laws are generally annual or shorter  discretionary does not m…
  usrepgarypalmer  today s hearing marks the continuation of the committee s close look at the rising problem of fe…
rt  speakerryan  the tax cuts and jobs act is going to give our economy the jolt it needs and hardworking americans the opportunity they de…
 krixter is he still without power 
tonight s hearing on h r  1 - tax cuts & jobs act conference report and h r  3312 - systemic risk designation impro…
rt  repjenniffer    reprobbishop and i had a very constructive meeting with speaker  johnnymndz36   tonysoto51  and  quiquitomelende where…
it was an honor to be with you all 
thanks to all the prolife marchers who were here today 
huge news   gopleader &  stevescalise just joined call for appt of 2nd special counsel   i originally penned attach…
today marks the 227th birthday of the u s  coast guard  founded in 1790 by alexander hamilton  thank you for being  always ready  to serve 
great to join my colleagues to announce the introduction of  repmattgaetz s medical cannabis research act  we need…
wow--tremendous news out of this jobs report  economy added 313 000 jobs in february  exceeding analyst predictions…
rt  chadpergram  gop tx rep lamar smith  as first lady  mrs  bush focused on literacy and dyslexia  causes near to hearts of millions of am…
me uni a  repcurbelo   mariodb   repmialove   repjeffdenham   hurdonthehill   repjohnfaso   repdavidvaladao en una…
rt  housegop  from coast to coast  the tax cutsand jobs act is bringing the big benefits to everyday americans 
my staff was pretty pleased to welcome  raising_canes to ne ohio this week  the veridic on their secret sauce was…
our men and women in uniform deserve better treatment than this  it s unacceptable to leave these pilots without jo…
last week i was on politicking with larry king to discuss north korea and the trump-putin meeting at the g20 summit 
  repcurbelo   potus is right  congressional inaction on immigration is shameful & inexcusable  while gop leaders…
it was a pleasure to chat with the  mcdonoughvoice after my appointment to  waysandmeansgop this week and discuss…
rt  phillyinquirer  super bowl 2018  eagles win first super bowl 41-33  stop tom brady  patriots
rt  cathymcmorris  news from april s jobs report→  the job market hasn t been this good in a very long time   🌱our pro-growth agenda is wo…
rt  antonia_okafor  you knw what i love  i love tht i get a lot of young white women who tell me that they look up to me  what i hate are t…
rt  housecommerce  we are now considering h r  5554  animal drug and animal generic drug user fee amendments want to know more about the r…
rt  nbclatino  just in  trump administration ends protected status for 60 000 hondurans  the decision was called a  death sentence  by a la…
check out this blast from the past  the great vince lombardi eating a  no  2 big boy plate  at one of his usual spo…
for god so loved the world that he gave his one and only son  that whoever believes in him shall not perish but hav…
rt  secretaryacosta  showing the continued strength of america s workforce  initial jobless claims for the week ending on april 21 were the…
rt  foxandfriends  rep   darrellissa  we re being asked to trust the doj who used the fisa act to spy  and lied to get the warrants – a fis…
paul is one of my best friends  he has fearlessly led this conference and championed ideas that are moving this cou…
as womens history month comes to a close  let us celebrate the trailblazers who came before us & the women of today…
women make up 47% of the workforce & thanks to tax reform  working moms & families in nm will see the child tax cre…
history was made today  i couldn t be prouder to help pass the tax cutsand jobs act  the first tax reform bill in 31…
hey david beckham  come to 2206 rayburn or 4960 sw 72 ave so our interns can teach you to make the best cuban coffe…
my coffee with your congresswoman events in south glens falls and moriah were great opportunities to hear directly…
attn tx32  you have one more day to vote for this year s people s choice award for the congressional art competitio…
icymi  on my work to stop taxpayer funded settlements in sexual harassment cases involving members of congress …
a weekend dedicated to life  in addition to marchfor life  my full statement on the passage of the…
we must get more people back int he game by creating a culture of opportunity & empowerment  as more opportunities…
rt  aarplisa608   aarp2018  making our mark on  repgallagher awesome chalkboard 
thank you to the citizen soldiers who make the commitment to serve and protect our nation  happy 381st birthday to…
excited to see  accenture expanding in columbus   oh15  jobs
suzanne and i feel blessed to have known billy graham  to have participated in his ministry in a small way & to hav…
she had such dignity and such a caring nature  we could all learn much from the way she lived her life  2/2
our navy s inability to act and embrace a bold shipbuilding vision will embolden our adversaries and risks the glob…
april is national autism awareness month  join us this month as we stand up for autism  you can find more information…
may is mental health awareness month  i was proud to support the 21st century cures act – now law – to expand mental…
rt  virginiafoxx  this small business week  i m excited to visit with  nc05  job creators  the tax cutsand jobs act paved way to lower tax rate…
rt  housecommerce  congress took significant steps in fighting the crisis next door this week  check out e&c s opioid crisis week in review…
i was proud to meet david bailey of capitol police who was injured saving  stevescalise this summer  thanks david f…
 challenges are real  2/3 min wage workers are f  women 80% more like to live in poverty at 65   replukemesser g o p working4 women
rt  presssec  nothing could better underscore the importance of getting america s top diplomat in place for such a time as this  dems have…
rt  jeffmartindc   robwittman thinks buying two carriers at once from  hiindustries could save upwards of  2 5 billion dollars  find out w…
rex tillerson was well respected but he never seemed to be on sound footing with the president  so his departure is…
rt  governordeal  it s great to see  georgiastatembb back in the ncaa tournament this year  good luck against cincinnati today  and go pant…
devastating news out of parkland  florida  please join me in praying for the victims and their families  and the en…
violence has no place in our schools  today s house vote to pass the s t o p school violence act is an important step in…
rt  financialcmte  🚨 house votes to repeal harmful bcfp auto lending guidance
 arthursimone absolutely  officers bailey and griner are heroes and we are all forever grateful for their courage and valor that day 
today  the  ghschamber held its annual meeting and awards banquet  it is always encouraging to meet with the small…
can you spot the companies that are investing more in georgia jobs in response to historic tax reform  →…
 the drive safe act aims to make jobs in the trucking industry more accessible and appealing to younger drivers   r…
this week we re voting on the tax cuts and jobs act  it doubles the standard deduction  doubles the child tax credi…
rt  grpress  14 postcards that perfectly depict the grand rapids of decades past
i have introduced a resolution condemning louis farrakhan for promoting hateful and anti-semitic attacks on the jew…
thanks to all the hardworking folks at origin usa in farmington for having me stop by  origin is veteran-owned and…
rt  repedroyce  on international holocaust memorial day  let s honor the holocaust s victims by never forgetting their memories
our economy continues to grow  more wisconsinites are employed now than ever before  no wonder we have a record-low…
my heart aches for our nevada neighbors  prayforvegas
it s great to see that american job creators  confidence is soaring as a result of our pro growth  tax reform 
meet tracey & josh blackmore from  cityofcarmelin  their son  brooks  lost his battle with brain cancer at the age…
unified bipartisan opposition in new jersey cannot be ignored  will continue to work with my colleagues to prevent…
mountains to sound is a spectacular landscape that encompasses a vibrant mix of small towns  working farms  lush fo…
wishing our catholic brothers & sisters a joyful and reflective season of lent  beginning today with ash wednesday …
rt  emmalieberth  a very productive and energetic meeting with  reptrey talking about indiana s 9th district  aimindiana  mattgreller  unma…
looking forward to tomorrow s  water_mission walkfor water c h s
today is world down syndrome day - celebrate the value  acceptance and inclusion of people with down syndrome on 3/21   wdsd18 
why are we punishing small businesses for their hard work  there has to be a better way 
rt  foxbusiness    judgetedpoe   it s a smart move on the part of the president to put the national guard on the border  
founded in 1636  the  nationalguard celebrates its 381st birthday today  a special greeting to  idarmynationalg and…
from pyeong chang2018 to the  nhl – congratulations to canton s own jordan greenway  your dedication continues to i…
rt  edworkforce  chairwoman  virginiafoxx   repwalberg statement on  ahca   uscbo report ↓
 breaking  →  potus has signed the historic tax cutsand jobs act into law  🎁
discussed my federal register bill on  fednewsradio recently  would save the taxpayer  1 million a year if enacted 
new mexico celebrates 120 years of film this month  from 1-minute films in 1898 to the netflix series breaking bad …
rt  housegop  for the first time since 2000  the unemployment rate has fallen below 4%  our pro-growth policies  like the tax cutsand jobs ac…
i had the opportunity to stop by jeff davis hospital this afternoon for a tour and update from hospital administrat…
this week  the house will consider legislation to reauthorize the  fcc  provide reporting relief for community bank…
as an extension of the port of charleston  the dillon inland port has attracted new industry & created jobs in our…
rt  restaurantsact  please welcome to stage rep   rodneydavis  restaurants2018
in light of ohioans seeing more money in their paychecks bc of the recently enacted tax cuts and jobs act  i sent…
rt  thedillonjames   your service is not forgotten   says rep   keithrothfus
icymi  yesterday  i welcomed u s   secarmy dr  mark esper to fort drum to discuss military readiness  meet with mil…
rt  alderdice  incredibly kind of  repwesterman to extend this once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to malik  thanks to  ghschamber for allowing…
rt  iowabio  thanks to the help of  reprodblum  stevekingia and  repdavidyoung   ipab  has been repealed  in doing this  a threat to senior…
 with congress &  potus working hand-in-hand  we have made great strides  i can t tell you how happy i am to see ou…
mental health month
rt  maderasheriff  railroad fire mandatory evacuation order is being issued for sky ranch area     click for details 
check back throughout the month of march to learn about influential and notable pennsylvania women who changed the…
fremont family ymca is one of the largest ymca s in the world  jerry rinne s hard work has made the facility a stap…
rt  obianuju  q  ms kamala harris i know abortion is legal  but do you believe it is immoral to cut an innocent unborn child limb from limb…
rt  americanewsroom  watch   billhemmer  repmccaul on newly released details about the pulse night club shooter s father
yesterday  under armour announced the largest data breach this year with more than 150 million myfitnesspal account…
rt  reuters  trump deserves a nobel peace prize for his efforts to end the standoff with north korea  says south korea s moon
rt  hascrepublicans  under cr missile defense agency not able to improve interceptors or conduct research to protect homeland
once the trust funds are exhausted  social security will only be able to pay 77% of promised benefits 
the border crisis
the farm bill s work requirements  should have bipartisan support   read more from  suelanimadsen in the…
thank you to the talented students of the  nashuproar for interviewing me  i enjoyed answering your questions about…
it was my honor to serve the third district of tennessee in 2017  i wish you a 2018 filled with great success and m…
proud to announce that shrimp is officially included in the seafood import monitoring program  it s time america st…
instead of putting my entire omnibus statement on twitter  i ll save you the trouble and just say that the bill was…
rt  repmarkwalker  congressional democrats were adamant they did not shut down the government  today  they are voting to open the governmen…
rt  justinamash  another disgusting aspect of the omnibus  it removed civil liberties protections the house had passed to defend americans…
deputy constable christopher gaines is of the rare breed of the american lawman that always stands ready to protect…
congratulations to the usa 🇺🇸 women s hockey team  gold olympics
saddened to hear about the passing of billy graham  he inspired millions around the globe with his ministry and will certainly be missed 
congratulations to my friend and former house colleague mike pompeo on being nominated as the nation s 70th secreta…
rt  meetthepress  watch  rep   jim_jordan on the russia investigaiton   when does it end  
i want to know your thoughts on the gop tax framework  please read it and respond 
reminding all  nv02  high school students that the deadline for the congressional art comp is next wed  may 3 …
great to visit with the missouri farm bureau this morning  love seeing folks from home when i m in washington  prou…
acting admin robert lightfoot will be sorely missed at  nasa  throughout his 29 yr career  robert has shown excepti…
rt  greeceinnewyork  now  annual awards banquet of the hellenic federation of new jersey honoring congressman  repchrissmith  p  kalamara…
tonight   rockportfulton &  unitedccchamber held a ribbon cutting ceremony for rockport warriors united  a nonprofi…
the national research program at the irs turns taxpayers  chosen at random  into audit  guinea pigs  
thank y all for stopping by  keep up all the great work you do in cancer research for our community 
just like  maddie_rooney35 and  monstermike5 from mn06 - and many other talented minnesota athletes - my hotdish of…
thanks to the tax cuts and jobs act this is the last time you will have to file your taxes using the old and compli…
thank you to the over 5 500 of you who joined my last town hall  i ll keep hosting more town halls and am eager to…
gina haspel will make a great cia director  she is a 33 year veteran of the agency who will provide the leadership…
rt  moreheadstate  nasa administrator lightfoot and  rephalrogers learning about our students projects at msu
rt  gregabbott_tx  we added the nevada flag to the governor s mansion to show solidarity & sympathy with those harmed in las vegas 
it s my hope the democrats will move past blind  resistance  and join us as we continue working to fix our broken i…
 1/3   turkishembassy  s ginned up charges against pastor andrew brunson of black mountain  north carolina  are an…
rt  repcloakroom  h r  5247 was passed - 267 yeas  149 nays
today  i partnered with sen  latvala  rep  sprowls  and shepherd center to feed irma victims in tarpon  happy to h…
  realdonaldtrump & family being investigated for winning election w/no evidence they committed any crime to win th…
the  deptvetaffairs needs to be refocused toward effectively serving our nation s heroes  that s why this week  the…
this week  the administration submitted its formal budget proposal to congress for consideration  key points of…
proud to see so many members united in a bipartisan effort to save lives & combat the opioid crisis  housecommerce…
rt  natresources  before today s historic vote on the tax cuts & jobs act  here are 3 things to know about responsible energy development…
on the floor now   h r  4854 increases the capacity of prosecutors to address the backlog of violent crime cases in…
thank you for having me   secondharvest  and thank you for the work you do feeding children and seniors in our comm…
rt  johnscrazysocks  john is getting ready to testify before the house committee on small business to show that people with differing abili…
the stop school violence act is an important step in improving threat identification so law enforcement can take ac…
earlier this week i spoke with  ingrahamangle on her new show on  foxnews  we talked about recent allegations of mi…
welcome to seattle  taj  we look forward to meeting you and glenn on may 5th at the woodland park zoo  🦏
hoosiers with terminal illnesses deserve every opportunity to find treatment   realdonaldtrump called on congress t…
rt  concernedvets  thank you  drphilroe for your dedication to veterans and your hard work on the committee with va choice & asset infrastr…
73 years ago today  thousands of our troops stormed the beaches of normandy  we are forever grateful for the courag…
pinellas residents w  roof damage from irma check out operation blue roof 
rt  mike4abi  great essay by  repdavidyoung in today s  dmregister about negative impacts of tariffs
well said  tuckercarlson 
rt  mlive  rockford band in new york to perform in macy s thanksgiving day parade
rt  foxandfriends  republican congressman to propose bill that will strip u s  citizenship from violent gang members born outside the count…
rt  housegop  obamacare is collapsing  we ve got a plan to repealandreplace it   repkevinbrady  repgregwalden readthebill
rt  repmarkmeadows  the level of improper payments that our government authorizes is staggering   gopoversight is holding a hearing today t…
we are working hard for you in congress  click here for a list of some of what we ve accomplished in the 114th --&gt 
 as you may have seen on the news recently  attorney general sessions recently announced a lawsuit against the stat…
marchfor life today was full of thousands of young people & america s 1 prolife priest  father frank pavone  hr 49…
enjoyed seeing my friends evans and peggy spiceland from mandeville this week 
there will be a meeting for farmers and ranchers in need of disaster relief on october 12th 
rt  housecommerce  sub d c c p chairman  boblatta on president trump s intent to nominate heidi king as  nhtsagov administrator &gt &gt 
i spoke to the  ncmectx about ongoing efforts in congress to combat humantrafficking  just last week   potus signe…
if you visit    you will see even more good news because of the tax cuts and jobs act 
trying to watch the u s  capitol service honoring reverend billy graham   speakerryan has details on how to watch--&gt 
we have yet again missed an opportunity for substantial reforms and reduced spending  read my full statement here 
 toddhagopian haven t u heard communism disintegrated &the cold war is over  russia haters irrational cooperating w…
as an ardent free trader  i firmly believe that we must minimize unintended negative consequences on american busin…
it is only fair to the american people that we seek partnerships  such as that with france  to address key economic…
chairman  repgoodlatte   these rights are now available to victims of federal crimes but  unfortunately  are not co…
i ll be at the franklin county courthouse at noon today  hope you can stop by to join the discussion 
 ending the incentive to hoard cash overseas could produce a stimulus effect in the united states   according to…
great memories of  the glider  ed charles who died yesterday  ed charles was a leader of the 1969  mets  a poet and…
rt  wldsnews  lahood introduces an act that could improve irs communication
it s america s last tax day filing under our old  overly-burdensome system – and with the tax cuts and jobs act in…
beijing invests in policing at home amid push by president to solidify authority 
there is no more perfect way to turn abundance into scarcity than by levying a tariff on imports 
icymi  i m a proud cosponsor of the me too congress act  any member that abuses their power is inexcusable  and the…
done before christmas  √ eliminate  duplication of benefits  prohibition on grant funds for flood victims √ provid…
tomorrow is national prescription drug take back day  you can find a location to safely dispose of your unused presc…
rt  cspan  house  transport hearing on positive train control implementation – live online here  transport railro…
today  we remember & honor the lives lost and the bravery and selflessness shown on 9/11/01  never forget911 patriot day
rt  cnbc  breaking  exxon mobil to invest  50 billion in us over 5 years  citing tax reform
i visited  vigo_casa with local and state representatives to discuss their on-going efforts to help abused and negl…
rt  msyallpolitics  icymi  congressman  greggharper supports the release of north carolina pastor by turkish authorities  read more&gt &gt 
i was proud to join thousands of americans today to march for life and advocate for the rights of those who cannot s…
audiosears is a successful local company that manufactures quality products right here in upstate new york  i was p…
looking forward to speaking with you   mariabartiromo  join us around 7 00 a m  et  6 00 a m  ct   we re talking ab…
this morning officer tamby yagan died in a vehicle crash  my thoughts and prayers are with his family  his young so…
bipartisan news conference in hauppauge this morning with  repleezeldin and  reptomsuozzi  joined by state and town…
i attended the 10th annual art exhibition of the des moines women s club where i saw tanya wilhite  a local artist …
 sunshine__mel  speakerryan 25 republican nays  disapproving of the process/procedure used to pass the omnibus 
every single day  i m honored to work hard & get results for the hundreds of thousands of mainers i represent in ma…
chairman  rephensarling applauds court ruling vacating flawed fiduciary rule ↓
rt  foxandfriends   our prayers are being answered   - speakerryan and  gopleader reflect on rep  steve scalise s recovery |  kilmeade
today i joined 106 of my colleagues in sending a letter to president trump urging him to reconsider his proposal fo…
enjoyed welcoming conroe mayor toby powell and city councilman seth gibson to my capitol office this morning  they…
joel starkey from jensen beach is truly an inspiring young man—he is blind from birth  but that has not stopped him…
i am hopeful that  potus and  secretaryperry will support our efforts to keep america s electrical grid reliable  r…
rt  tomporterdc  the  iava team had a great meeting with us army/afghanistan vet  repbrianmast on ways to help veterans  thank you for your…
have questions on the tax cuts and jobs act  answers here → tax reform
thank you for hosting me  wilsonroom1  i was to happy to have the chance to meet you and your students 
rt  chickasawnation  chikasha pehlichi ikbi participants also met this week with fellow chickasaw citizen u s  representative tom cole   to…
rt  franchising411   if businesses engaged in franchising can form ahps  they are poised to improve access to coverage at an accelerated ra…
chairman  petesessions is about to manage the rule on hr 3004 - kate s law  watch the  housefloor live on  cspan 
rt  peterwelch  i introduced legislation w/  ronwyden  randpaul &  jimpressoffice yesterday that will require public disclosure of top line…
on january 30  the committee will kick off its series of 5 oversight hearings with  uscbo  more details available h…
great meeting with  pseclassified to discuss school safety  job training opportunities for paraeducators  and conti…
  wughes thanks for your question  ☘️ ask buddy
  mrsb1stgraders thanks for your question ask buddy
 you drive my body back to east bend  yadkin county in my red truck   we will miss  pastor ed  but his legacy for j…
rt  freedomworks  congressman  jim_jordan   the left will never be happy until they can grab just about everybody s tax money   amp f w
rt  iwf  new podcast 🎧   repjimbanks joined  patricepinkfile  iwf to explain his legislation to create education savings accounts geared to…
on floor to speak on the 26th annual stamp out hunger food drive conducted by the   usps  letter carriers  initiated b…
glad to read this bit of good news in the  sctimes yesterday  congratulations to john  rachel  kade  and madelyn -…
great work  keep on getting information out to the public  information is a lifesaver 
thanks for covering  this is such a critical issue to protect our salmon 
 jamesptobin reminder  i ve been a strong advocate for chip funding and voted for legislation that passed the house…
rt  jpenso1  great meeting with  peterroskam discussing the need for regulatory relief for  theamga members and the need to focus on qualit…
thanks to the house agriculture committee and chairman  conawaytx11 for all their work on the 2018 farm bill  encour…
rt  eimsmounts  excited to host  googlecsfirst and  repsmucker event today with  gomounts 5th grade students for an introduction to compute…
our farmers need the help they deserve   stress  national ag day
happy birthday to my favorite dem and problem solvers caucus co-chair  repjoshg 🎂 🎈
may is national foster care month and today we are recognizing richard and colleen davis  whom we honored in congre…
rt  houseforeign    repedroyce   reploisfrankel introduce women s entrepreneurship and economic empowerment act
up next at  ldtc17   mapping the legislative ecosystem  followed by integrating multiple data sets at approx  11 30 a m 
posey announces awards for the 2015 congressional art competition
the tax cutsand jobs act is now law 
rt  newtoncoschools  congratulations to  ehs_eagles senior  tyler davis  who has committed to attend  navalacademy   congressmanhice nomina…
joined with mike hirst and prosecutor jarzynka at jackson high school today to speak with students about the opioid…
rt  covnews    congressmanhice says tax day may get a little easier - and less painful - thanks to recent law changes 
in 2008 alone  the town of kermit had enough pills dumped into the community that every man  woman  and child would…
h r  4284  info act of 2017  as amended  has passed the full cmte by voice vote
small business optimism is at an all-time high because of the historic work the unified government delivered on wit…
today eric holly   stancounty deputy fire warden  testified on the impacts of the 2017 wildfires in the california…
he s good help    but does question my authority🤣  chachi was a little  icy  towards us this…
the new memorial honors the 2 706 marines & sailors from pendleton s  fighting fifth  regiment who fell during the…
rt  housegop  elite democrats are still calling the benefits from the tax cutsand job act  crumbs   tell that to the 4 million americans who …
since september 11  2001  there have been at least 166 homegrown jihadist plots in the united states   househomeland
the bill changes u s  corporate rates – which are currently the highest in the world – to match our trading competi…
great to visit with  fema_brock this morning before the homeland hearing  alabama
chairman  repmarkwalker on the recently announced budget deal 
very important issue to minnesota  and i m going to keep fighting on their behalf 
rt  hascrepublicans  chrm  mactxpress releases hasc subcomm chairs  confident our team has expertise & commitment…
we are so thankful for the first responders and local law enforcement for their professionalism and quick reaction…
here is an update on sophia s progress since her brain surgery 
rt  wafb  update  central community schools will be closed tomorrow &gt &gt 
  natresources passed my bill  h r  788  providing state fish and game agencies more flexibility to use federal fun…
great to be with y all  thanks for having me 
pleased to congratulate oliver north on being selected as the incoming president of the  nra  the constitution sets…
i want to build on our momentum from taxreform with trade  watch my full interview with bloomberg here …
need help with a federal agency  like social security or the va  a member of my staff will be in brackettville…
rt  vaughannancy  rain is in the forecast  tarps are needed  if you have any roofing tarps please deliver to 322 e  friendly   greensbor…
i fought the obama administration s dangerous efforts to close gitmo  i m grateful  potus is keeping this critical…
to all those celebrating  i wish you a blessed palm sunday as we enter holy week  palm sunday
science confirms that unborn babies feel pain 20 weeks into the pregnancy  i am a proud co-sponsor of h r  36 …
the 2018 congressional art competition is underway  high school students from pa-4 are encouraged to submit artwork…
 our area has the 13th worst traffic in the nation right now and finally we are seeing progress being made on the i…
today  i introduced a h res honoring our teachers  we all remember those teachers that have deeply impacted each of…
join me on  foxnews w/  mariabartiromo around 9 30 a m  ct  10 30 a m et   we re talking taxreform 
rt  newsradio930   from hardline w b e n   repchriscollins on govt shutdown  we will not negotiate with chuck  senschumer   says senate will…
rt  housegop  500   companies have announced new employee benefits 4 million   americans are receiving special bonuses  4 billion   in bonu…
rt  morningbriefing   congressmandan wrote va data bill after learning in hearings that the va doesn t collect basic information like the  …
today  the house passed my amendment to improve general aviation infrastructure at the roswell international air ce…
on floor to recognize brain injury awareness day & welcome those to dc today to share their stories  change your mind…
breaking  the house just passed the pain-capable unborn child protection act  which bans abortions after twenty wee…
looking forward to joining  cbsthismorning at 8 00am  tune in 
 china will surpass the u s  in total r&d expenditures sometime this year  america s dominance in s&e research has…
rt  reptomgraves  unacceptable  schumer shutdown
had a great time speaking with the students of community roots academy this afternoon  we video conferenced togethe…
the  forestservice undergoes more environmental impact statements than any other federal agency  and ironically  is…
because of gkn s work to support these critical missions  our lunch featured an f-35 cockpit simulator  i was thril…
i had an incredible and deeply moving experience at the marchfor life today  i am eternally thankful that so many p…
    it is the people who are making america great again    sotu 
rt  des_electronic  our very own  bobdagostino is in dc today to testify before the  housesmallbiz about the importance of robust infrastru…
the gov t is closed & the american people are held hostage because democrats have not stopped playing political gam…
rt  repmialove  right now  i m speaking on the  housefloor in support of my bill  hr 4771  which will make it easier for small banks to loa…
rt  glarducks  thanks  repwalberg for pressuring  epascottpruitt today to do more to halt asian carp threat facing the great lakes  stop as…
rt  mtkerilyne  thank you  ryanzinke for supporting this bill  cancer moonshot onedegree  acscanmt 
for those in the goose creek area  i m hosting neighborhood office hours this morning    drop by 
rt  repjenniffer  i thank  reprobbishop for his reiterated commitment to the americans living in pr by supporting statehood  the only statu…
  hr2660  gives the federal courts in dc exclusive jurisdiction over any challenge to an executive order  action  or memorandum 
we have to understand  responsible gun ownership  which we do  is the right thing 
wishing my predecessor  westmoreland_ga a very happy birthday 
chairman  petesessions is heading to the  housefloor to manage the rule for the cr  watch live on  cspan 
rt  tlbilloboyle  beyond the byline  transplanted thoughts
i ve always been in favor of using any & all means necessary  including more boots on the ground  to secure our nat…
rt  karenlarsenkjrh  rep  markwayne mullin visits with jr high school drone racers  aerogames2018  kjrh2hd  rogersstateu  repmullin clare…
it was an honor to be selected as a congressional champion by  ymca  youth development has been a passion of mine f…
congress must come together to find solutions that keep our students  teachers & schools safe from gun violence  i …
reminder  hs students interested in attending a military service academy are invited to an informational meeting at…
rt  patrickmchenry  my prayers are with the people of the usvi  puerto rico  & all those in the path of hurricane maria  please stay safe i…
rt  robertharding  katko eyes bipartisan commission to address mass shootings
my office is accepting entries for the annual congressional art competition   cny  is home to many talented artists …
chairman  repmarkwalker   there is a tendency to just put it in neutral and say   everybody just message on what we…
while the march for life takes place on capitol grounds today  my colleagues and i stood with them on the house flo…
happy mother s day  i m so grateful for my mother  ginny zeller  whose love  laughter  & life lessons on importance…
this is a critical step toward building a more efficient  effective  and accountable government  today s rapidly ch…
59-0 passage of the protecting veterans credit act in  financialcmte shows the bill is common sense  enough veteran…
rt  ncfarmbureau  first farm tour stop for  repmarkwalker at manco dairy farm in chatham county  n c farm bureau thankncfarmers
enjoyed a great telephone town hall tonight with some insightful questions - took a few notes   i hope my answers w…
 pfcilng the house passed legislation in november that fully funded the program  i supported it 
icymi  rep  seth moulton and i intro d legislation to demand greater transparency from foreign gov t owned media ou…
every year  thousands of americans receive the devastating news of a terminal diagnosis  i supported the…
today  america will celebrate the life of reverend billy graham as he lies in honor in the u s  capitol rotunda  hi…
the iran deal has been a dangerous agreement since day one & i am pleased to see  realdonaldtrump fulfilling his pr…
great round table on banking issues this afternoon in marion county 
i will continue to stress that congress needs to pass a balancedbudgetamendment  unless we intend to leave our chi…
il hhs on  snap  e&t in 2018 farm bill   we commend congressional efforts to provide additional funding for these edu…
our budgeting and appropriating process is broken and can no longer be ignored  read my full statement here 
thanks to dr  collins  nihdirector for spending time in idaho this week looking at biomedical research taking place…
we have an exciting agenda today   sls2018 
rt  envam  icymi here s a great  nprweekend story on opposition to the trump administration s offshore drilling plan  the drilling opponent…
it was an honor to deliver the commencement address at  lsu  i m excited to see the amazing things these 2018 gradu…
  georgewill  congress should impeach the irs commissioner — or risk becoming obsolete
rocky river is excited and ready to welcome  ivankatrump and us treasurer jovita carranza to discuss the great effe…
tomorrow at 10am et   rephuizenga chairs our hearing on oversight of the sec s division of enforcement 
rt  housegop  flyover nancy is at it again -- only now it s about the 2018 farm bill  here s a quick fact check from her recent press releas…
rt  speakerryan  retweet if you agree → our men and women in uniform deserve a pay raise  this week  the house votes to give them their big…
the  natlparkservice  which manages 417 diverse units covering more than 84 million acres  has an estimated backlog…
rt  usun  the united states has drafted a new syria ceasefire resolution that provides no room for evasion  watch ambassador nikki haley s…
mccormick is spicing up their employees  paychecks with  1 000 bonuses and raising wages thanks to tax reform 
had a great time touring  pacificrecycle yesterday  big thanks to their wonderful staff for showing me around 
yesterday i met with student leaders from  isustugov to talk about higher education  they shared with me their thou…
kicking off our hearing on combating the opioid crisis  we re examining eight legislative initiatives in this first…
president  realdonaldtrump is right to withdraw from the iran nuclear deal  this naïve  dangerous deal threatens isr…
chairman brady - help is on the way 
rt  kark4news  honoring a hero  jack cook of arkansas died in ww2 when he gave up his spot in a life boat to save another man  today   repw…
the second session of the 115th congress is underway  join me on my first tele-town hall of 2018 next tuesday   5 3…
rt  julie_luck  greensboro teen is getting national attention for getting into 113 colleges  paying just  135 to apply to all the schools a…
damning report re  andrew mccabe by the doj ig that underscores the dysfunction at the senior levels of the fbi dur…
happy birthday oklahoma  statehood day 108 years old
on national dayof prayer  join me in praying for our great nation and the men and women who risk their lives to prot…
rep  sensenbrenner will be on with  markbellingshow at 4 30pm ct  you can listen live at  wi05 
a big congratulations to mars petcare s fort smith facility for being awarded the three million work hours safety a…
rt  housegop  for the first time since 2000  the unemployment rate has fallen below 4%  our pro-growth policies  like the tax cutsand jobs ac…
historic day as the u s  moves our embassy to jerusalem  is long overdue to recognize jerusalem as the capitol of…
i keep a pic of fallen hero sgt 1st class terryl pasker of cedar rapids on my desktop as a reminder of our military…
adm &  dupont_news are developing 100% renewable products that can be used in many industries  they opened a pilot…
  nikiinthehouse & i are not certain that  deptofdefense s service branches are adequately identifying the source a…
  repmarkmeadows  one of the keys to addressing improper payments  and restoring program integrity for medicaid iss…
this deal  also known as the jcpoa  has provided iran access to billions of dollars to support terrorism  build bal…
rep  andy biggs  keep the promise on the wall via  usatoday
potus has the authority to issue executive orders  the authority does not belong to activist judges bending the law as they see fit   hr2660 
it was a pleasure speaking with norfolk leaders  i commend them on their commitment to community  we discussed a ra…
congratulations to ashley frevert who is the new director at community action of nebraska  she shared something int…
i ve expressed my strong concern that a foreign trade deal like the tpp could harm maine  especially our job creato…
congratulations  tahomahigh 
the growing federal footprint
it s time to end the filibuster and let the majority govern  i joined my colleagues in calling on the senate to end…
have a blessed easter  
rt  houseforeign  remarks  chairman  repedroyce on cambodia s descent
icymi   hascrepublicans passed  reprussell s amendment to fy19 ndaa accomplishing the same goals as the credentiali…
rt  richlandsource  if president trump is successful in renogotiating foreign trade agreements  particularly with china  bob gibbs said   o…
are you a student and an aspiring librarian  history buff  or book nerd   librarycongress is looking for paid summe…
today i met with  ksugeaugarac new dean   deanksugeauga  did you know kent state s regional campuses in geauga and…
rt  mikekellypa  with a brand-new tax code thanks to the tax cuts and jobs act  hardworking taxpayers can look forward to lower rates  a much…
have you checked your paycheck this month  more good news for mississippi as a result of the tax cuts and jobs act …
rt  osuindc  a fun & productive day in dc at the  whitehouse for the  osugovaffairs  osuindc team  go bucks 🇺🇸 🎄
thank you  libreinitiative for hosting today s panel discussion on the benefits of tax reform 
enjoyed stopping by the mountain lakes fire department drill this evening  these first responders are truly putting…
rt  koaa  pueblo county sheriff  the american red cross reception center is shutting down  if you are displaced from the barnettfire or 1…
a pretty remarkable moment last night as we welcomed home three americans  good work by  potus and  secpompeo to ma…
see my thoughts on house bill to repeal and replace aca
rt  repdennyheck  2 for 1 special  speaking to pages at the washington state capitol this morning with  repnewhouse  great questions about…
icymi  last week  i visited pioneer windows and euphrates cheese in johnstown to witness the positive economic impa…
please stay indoors and stay tuned into local affiliates to monitor the winter storm 
chairman  repmarkwalker praises president trump s withdrawal from the iran nuclear deal 
icymi  my visit with  potus was an opportunity to move forward  not back  utpol immigration 3questions  fox13
this thursday  my staff will be holding a mobile office at elkins city hall  more information --&gt …
rt  motherrd66  route 66 bill passes washington  d c  - congressman darin lahood has passed legislation by a unanimous vote to establish a…
in fact  it s a tax that disproportionately falls on low- and middle-income taxpayers  as 85% of those who paid the…
in  fla_pol  honored to be named one of the 70 americans who have made unique contributons to our nation s special…
my statement on president trumps announcement today regarding iran 
  larry_kudlow testifies at american worker hearing on importance of growing the economy  tune in live…
great news for fort worth s economy  lockheed job fair leads to 860 job offers - via  star-telegram  maxbakerbb
thanks to cullman county sheriff matt gentry for giving me a tour of the hail damage to his facility  he estimates…
i ll be hosting neighborhood office hours in beaufort this morning   
rt  househomeland  this national police week  we honor those who have lost their lives in the line of duty  thank you to all of the brave me…
in minutes  i will be on the house floor to talk about h res128 to ensure our ethiopian-american neighbors plight f…
rt  wjhg_tv  they want a cap on how much water georgia can siphon out of two rivers that ultimately merge into the apalachicola 
 senorrinhatch is absolutely correct -  potus is one heck of a leader 
chairman  lamarsmithtx21 statement on the 48th celebration of earth day 
i enjoyed meeting with constituents who are physicians and members of the nc society of anesthesiologists  we had a…
today  the house votes on two bills to crack down on sanctuary cities  protect our citizens and save american lives …
my interview with  chrissalcedotx will air at 10 15am central on  wbap247news  tune in  we ll discuss the omnibus bill 
one manufacturer in northern indiana told me that as steel and aluminum prices go up   our prices will have to incr…
i ve said that a shutdown would be a failure in leadership  failure in leadership in both parties—but particularly…
rt  971fmtalk  we re excited for the official launch of the marc cox morning show  today  marccox971 w/  repannwagner  rodneyboyd  hogangid…
rt  speakerryan  perpetrators of sex trafficking have used bad actor websites like backpage to expand their reach  pleased to see legislati…
rt  housesmallbiz  happy national small business week to our nation s 30 million small businesses  entrepreneurs  and innovators  when ameri…
great to talk with the aircraft carrier industrial base coalition this morning about the important role aircraft ca…
the fcc released a report that found ny was wasting money paid for 911 services  diveritng it to non-emergency serv…
in america  no one is above the law  lying under oath is a crime  this referral is the right move 
proud to see my friend steve staub  an  oh08  manufacturer  offer his perspectives on the jobs gap today in front of…
recently  the federal government tried to micromanage sd s 4-h rodeo  i took action and thanks to the help of…
read my release on my bill with  repjoshg to secure rail information  🚆➡️https //t co/io57vrgamj
project efficiency is not limited to highways  the west shore flood control project was in the study phase for 42 y…
postponed  due to an unexpected change in the legislative calendar  tonight s town hall meeting in new berlin is po…
this morning we joined nicole clark to kick off the inaugural walk4mountains breast cancer walk  over 150 people ar…
local 18 richfield training facility is excited to welcome  realdonaldtrump  a place i have toured before since i m…
i loved meeting with students from the virginia cross native education center on the muckleshoot reservation  i enc…
congrats to a young  tx22   copearland boss  peyton dunn  won  rodeohouston mutton bustin yesterday  you go  cowgirl 
click to watch my questioning of attorney general jeff sessions at today s  housejudiciary committee hearing  ⚖️
the tax cutsand jobs act has already provided relief for small business owners  our tax code is now simplified  savin…
it was a pleasure to address the  nafoalliance this morning  forestry is a driving force in ar4 and forest owners…
good news for our military and military families  senate democrats decided to end the pointless and purely politic…
severe weather threats across  va06   including reports of tornadoes & significant property damage in the amherst co…
rt  congressmangt  on floor this am to support the sense act offered by my pennsylvania colleague rep  keithrothfus that promotes cleaning…
it s time for the senate to get its act together  the house has passed full defense funding three times in the last…
rt  gopoversight  🚨chairman gowdy on the doj ig report on former fbi deputy director andrew mccabe   the inspector general found not only d…
prayers for the afghan families involved in the terrorist attack at a voter registration center  we often take for…
tune in ➡️ i m live with  lynnwoolley to talk about my recent trip to iraq and kuwait and how our military is working to defeat i s i s
this week s budget fact  according to  uscbo  the u s  posted its largest monthly budget surplus in recorded histo…
what an honor to spend time with navajo code talker peter mcdonald and listen to stories of the time he spent servi…
the house of representatives is back in session  click here to follow along with what we ll be voting on 
the committee will reconvene at 4 pm to complete consideration of the make america secure appropriations act 
pleased to share that  okcnm received a grant from  goparks 
watch french president emmanuelle macron address the people s house live here 
middle & high school students in  in09   want to learn more about the united states service academies  attend this e…
joining  cnn  newday live from the capitol to talk about the return of americans that had been detained in…
rt  americanewsroom  watch   sandrasmithfox spoke with  jim_jordan on ag sessions and gop lawmakers demanding a probe of comey  clinton  mc…
the flooding in houston continues to boggle the mind  the people there are in our prayers as the rain continues & months of rebuilding begin
that is why i introduced h r  5422 - the death tax repeal act  to once and for all repeal the death tax  read more…
chag sameach 
my statement on the historic tax cutsand jobs act 
wish i could ve been in council bluffs with  vp pence to talk about all the families benefiting from a new tax code…
great to talk with  jackm_klinradio this morning about  nafta   taxreform  immigration  workforce development  and…
the tailor act will help california s small banks & credit unions focus on their communities again  so that main st…
a simpler and fairer way to file your tax return  taxreform oh12 ⬇️⬇️⬇️
i m saddened to hear of the passing of my friend and colleague   louiseslaughter  she embodied grace and kindness i…
under the tax cuts and jobs act  more than 64 000 taxpayers in  ca21  will see a 60% increase from the child tax cre…
congrats to cole stoffel  13  of appleton  who was honored in washington dc last night for his inspiring volunteer…
next week → the  uscbo hearing series continues  tune in at 10 00 am on tuesday as chairman  rep_stevewomack and me…
i recently sat down with  tarynvanderford to discuss tariffs and agriculture   1011_news tariffs ag
every year i m impressed with the immense talent our high school students possess  and this year was no exception …
it s not every day you get the chance to go sky diving indoors  the stem lab at taylorville jhs provides state of t…
if you have information on the suspect  please call 1-800-callfbi 
 they pledge allegiance to the same flag    daca   susanwbrooks
agree with  jamespmanley - schumer is pretty lame for planning to vote against funding govt and chip  cc…
greatly appreciate the white house s support in honoring law enforcement this week by lighting up the white house b…
the constitution is clear  each & every american citizen has an unalienable right to the protection of their relig…
rt  speakerryan  happy 242nd birthday to the united states marine corps  semper fi 
rt  nolanfinleydn  don t miss the nolan finley show wednesday on the  910superstation we have brooks patterson  daniel howes  rep dave tro…
7  why did doj lawyer bruce orr meet with fusion gps founder glenn simpson after the election  to get their story s…
 6 of 10  celebrate idaho day  idaho lies halfway between the equator and the north pole  with the 45th parallel r…
rt  jdprose    keithrothfus meets with workers at nuclear plant  asks trump for emergency action via  bctimes
unreasonably high tariffs are bad policy  plain and simple  tariff tantrum
purdue university president mitch daniels in letter to  virginiafoxx   students and taxpayers will benefit     from…
rt  housesmallbiz  op-ed from  repdianeblack  housebudgetgop talking about how tax plan will help smallbiz   our plan rightly provides tax…
  usrepgarypalmer  the office of management and budget designates snap as among its  highest risk programs  due to…
rt  waysandmeansgop  small businesses spend billions of    each year complying with the tax code – money they could use to grow their biz h…
thank you to the  usarmyreserve for 110 years of service  happy birthday 
women s choice award-  not yet defined  by brooke gibbs  northwestern high school
today  i voted again to repeal and dismantle obamacare

i had incredible food and service at dinner tonight at 73 & main in mount pleasant  thanks for the hospitality   wa…
i was honored to meet w/  njvfw this week to discuss the instrumental role they play in advocating for our veterans…
article by  andykravetz   pjstar
rt  conserve_ca  wildfires get worse each year  thank you  kencalvert  senfeinstein  nancypelosi  gopleader for leading the way on a fire f…
 jim_haddow your information is incorrect 
even more reason to provide new opportunities to  snap  recipients  we want the economy to support higher wage growt…
rt  natresources  inefficient environmental review processes have led to unnecessary delays  depriving american communities of critical in…
excited to see  ga09  student gavyn jones admitted to  westpoint_usma →
live  va05  town hall  we are taking your questions from moderator  joethomaswchv on  wchvnews 107 5fm/1260am until…
natl park service 100th anniversary in 2016  chairing hearing of fed  lands subcmte  natresources on next 100  info 
today we honor the legacy of a man who embodied the best of america  a loud  courageous voice who enacted real chan…
wishing you and your family a safe and happy thanksgiving 
rt  dcexaminer   breaking   congress sends historic tax bill to trump after second house vote
keep it up wildcats 
tune in now as we dive deeper into why the  irsnews increased the user fees on the volunteer correction program  wa…
alzheimers is a devastating disease affecting thousands of people nationwide  i appreciated meeting with  pa… 
talking with brian hauswirth from missourinet  previewing  realdonaldtrump s first  sotu 
rt  housegop  rt to agree →  housedemocrats need to quit the double-talk on the 2018 farm bill  this is too important for them to use in the…
rt  housegop  america s economy is booming thanks to pro-growth policies like the tax cutsand jobs act  ✅ fastest wage growth since 2009📈 ✅…
rt  senmikelee  retweet if you agree that republicans in the senate should make democrats start voting on each of the appropriations bills…
working to endtrafficking is critical to ensuring safe and healthy communities in  pa06  and across the country 
 in sum  byrne-mitchell is a terrific piece of legislation that  if adopted  could help congress do its job conside…
rt  repmiketurner  let there be no doubt that we are experiencing a crisis in military readiness & we must address this now  more u s  mil…
always proud to support permanent reauthorization of  lwcf 
tomorrow at 7 30 am i m joining  halrowwhky for an update on what s happening in congress and how it impacts  nc10 … 
i went on the house floor today to recognize this year s little rock police department recruit class and wish them…
on the way to the republican study committee  where conservatives get together to discuss how to further your agend…
rt  boblatta     houseadmngop thanks for having me today to discuss legislative data & transparency at the  ldtc 
statement on  speakerryan s retirement announcement  read more here →
extremely impressed with the students  beckmancatholic - great to share thoughts and ideas with tomorrow s leaders 
more than two dozen employers have signed up for my jobs fair on august 21  view the open job positions here 
america s manufactures are the unsung artists of our time  uelner precision tools and dies employees received a bon…
today amanda and i met with representatives from  indianauniv s student government association  sounds like a few t…
 america is a nation of builders  we built the empire state building in just one year – isn t it a disgrace that it…
terrible news that bud harrelson has alzheimer s  inspiring news that bud is fighting back as hard as anyone can fi…
thomas sowell on western civilization cuts to the chase 
tax reform results continue  winning
rt  mayorbetsyprice  thanks  money for the shoutout listing fort worth as top 10 best places to visit  4 to be exact    visitfortworth htt…
rt  royblunt  today  the senate took a critical step to crack down on online sex trafficking  a heinous crime that happens every day in our…
 the one constant through all the years  ray  has been baseball   fieldof dreams
truth can be stranger  and more dangerous  than fiction  this ap story reads like a spy   
rt  jeffsmithoia   ohioinsagents on capitol hill today advocating for insurance consumers  good discussion with fellow business owner and c…
rt  repcurbelo  our new effort to move the immigration debate forward on the  housefloor empowers leadership and each member to craft a so…
several decades after the holocaust  many victims & their families have yet to recover property wrongfully confisca…
it s encouraging that the senate democrats finally stopped playing politics and joined republicans in a bipartisan…
rt  nascaronfox  greatness 
this program was adopted by the virginia board of education standards last year and loudoun county schools is the f…
 natresources  repmialove  repjohncurtis  reprobbishop  senmikelee  senorrinhatch  westerncaucus  govherbert…
joined  teamcavuto with  foxbusiness to talk about the need to focus on deporting criminal aliens  our  icegov offi…
 reform increases prospect of cracker   intelligencerwv
today  nygovcuomo once again made a decision that s bad for business  i fully support a federal approach to maintai…
rt  foxnews  breaking news  north korea has told the  realdonaldtrump administration that kim jong un is ready to discuss denuclearization…
speaking of companies paying tax reform benefits forward to people in  ga09    georgiapower just announced  1 2b in…
op-ed  necessary conditions for an iran deal   tcot
today we remember the 75th anniversary of the warsaw ghetto uprising and the 6 million men  women  and children mur…
i m confident the tax reform bill i supported today will help  ny24  families & local biz  here s why --&gt 
at today s  housecommerce hearing  i asked mark zuckerberg about concerns regarding data privacy and content bias …
a more complete betrayal of the electorate i have not witnessed  omnibus
fraud warning  just sent letter to  thejusticedept urging them to be on high alert for scams in wake of irma …
i thought  realdonaldtrump s tone was a warm and unifying one  he did an excellent job talking about the steps he h…
we are committed to putting an end inhumane and ineffective experiments on our four-legged friends  deptvetaffairs …
on floor to celebrate national library week & this year s theme libraries lead  thank you to ballerina misty copela…
  repmcgovern claims  snap  provisions in 2018 farm bill 265 000 children will lose access to national school lunch p…
add  lowes to the growing list of companies handing out bonuses  boosting wages & improving benefits thanks to…
house budget chairman  and tax reform conferee   repdianeblack s statement on the tax cutsand jobs act becoming law ↓
congratulations to maj  gen  john stokes as he assumes command of 22nd air force  dobbinsarb today  via  mdjonline
nearly 1 out of 7 moms suffer from postpartum depression  this is a critical issue we must address 
rt  secretarycarson  just arrived at st james place in lexington  here  repandybarr and i are discussing best practices for non profit hous…
 accreditation increases accountability while ensuring what gets measured does in fact get completed  sheriff cappa l e task force
while social security has taken important steps to prevent fraud  there is still work to be done 4/6
today  i joined my friend  sethmoulton and other colleagues in sending a bipartisan letter to the appropriations co…
rt  mysmfm  thanks for your leadership on behalf of women and their families  repryancostello  marchformoms maternalmortality
last night  i along with my co-chair of the congressional ski and snowboard caucus   repanniekuster hosted a recept…
additional scheduling notice  the transportation and infrastructure committee has also postponed until a later date…
 ndaa  is done at 12 38 a m   many good provisions that ensure accountability at pentagon and funds go to meeting t…
the latest report from house intel proves the point  the doj/fbi have been using redactions to protect their own re…
thx so much  lupusorg  we must continue to raise awareness and advance methods of research and treatment for lupus 
had a great time today visiting with  ffaok students on the steps of the capitol 
now it s official  recognizing israel s true capital is a vital demonstration of our commitment to a strong ally  t…
the budget committees  authorizers  and appropriators must all interact as part of the budget process in congress …
overwhelmed   humbled by the kind words   recognition i received  aipac national council meeting  it has been one o…
rt  mikeneedham  excellent and important piece by  repmarkwalker 
chairman  mactxpress - range of options    can get out  stay in  or a whole lot of options in between  - on  foxnews
rt  chickasawnation  u s  congressman  tomcoleok04 speaks about the new inkana bridge  in the chickasaw language  inkana means  friend  or…
on this day in 1803  ohio joined the union  happy birthday to the buckeye state   oh 
the announcement from  whitehouse that qatar has agreed to end subsidies for its airline is an important action  th…
rt  reptomgarrett  happening now   edworkforce subcommittee hearing on strengthening welfare to work with child care  watch live here → htt…
rt  natresources   we will build gleaming new roads  bridges  highways  railways  and waterways across our land  and we will do it with am…
providing 7th district residents effective and efficient constituent services has saved taxpayers nearly  1 million…
icymi  last week   transport advanced two bipartisan bills that can now head to the full house of representatives f…
join me at 5 00 on  foxbusiness to talk about the latest on the release the memo front and look toward the  sotu  
always an honor to help host a lunch for the brave  hardworking men and women of the us capitol police and thank th…
the state of texas is on the verge of doing what the germans and the japanese could not  sink the battleship texas …
rt  hascrepublicans  there has been political opposition in this country to do more for missile defense in this country    time to step on…
rt  repdavetrott  happening now   financialcmte hearing with  ustreasury secretary  stevenmnuchin1  watch live  htt…
for your morning read in the  yakima_herald   tax overhaul could mean big money for yakima valley businesses  homeo…
smoky morning here in gardiner  yellowstonenps happy birthday teddy roosevelt find your park
talking with  secretarysonny researchers and growers about the impressive progress we ve made towards curing…
calling all  mi07  high school students interested in participating in the congressional art competition →…
rt  1510wlac   releasethememo  that exposes fisa warrant abuse  lawmakers  mattgaetz    leezeldin      repfrenchhill join  seanhannity next …
while i was surprised by today s decision  i am pleased that my friend and former colleague  mike pompeo will be at…
in august   mo02  has the honor of hosting the 100th  pgachampionship  it was a pleasure meeting  pklpga and his tea…
going live with  1450whtc now for our weekly q&a  you can tune in right here --&gt 
stories like these are all too common in  il16  & across the country  we must all do more to fight this epidemic & p…
israel s existence is a fact  not something to be negotiated  i was honored to speak to  israelallies today to rea…
rt  drnealdunnfl2  great news - the 2018 farm bill was passed out of committee yesterday  the 2018 farm bill will give certainty to farmers…
congratulations  battelle on your contract extension  your commitment to idaho and cutting edge energy research i…
looking forward to meeting your reps next week  i like that photo too 😉
it was a privilege to attend the arrival ceremony for rev  billy graham with  realdonaldtrump   vp  and members of…
this is terrific news for the entire region and i am thrilled with the creation of 120 jobs  i m hopeful this new i…
had a great morning visiting with the students of  midamericatech  thanks for having me 
the first  saltie  of the 2018 commercial navigation season  the federal weser  is on its way to the port of duluth…
today i met with some amazing students at lee park elementary school in wilkes-barre about the shine afterschool pr…
tune in now  meeting of house and senate conferees on the comprehensive addiction and recovery act
 danellbooher  desireedazzler r u a novice when it comes to tweeting & politics to reduce letters grammatically incorrect words often used
i urged sec zinke  who is someone i served with in congress  to take nj off the list of offshore oil drilling locat…
rt  repbuddycarter  i m hosting a special order on the house floor tonight at approx  6pm in honor of former senator and georgia governor z…
rt  bangordailynews  trump signs poliquin bill that frees old town to develop land near airport
 speakerryan has always been a bright young leader who has championed numerous legislative victories that have bene…
congressman griffith s weekly e-newsletter 10 9 17  right-to-try update  budget update  catalonia and columbus
today is national drug take back day  it s important to take prescription drugs off the street that could be misused …
rt  housegop  with 90% of americans set to see increased paychecks this month  the benefits from tax cutsand jobs act just keeps getting bett…
as the 191st military police company deploy to afghanistan  we keep them and their families in our prayers 
paychecks are growing - and so is small business optimism  in fact  it s the highest it s been in 30  years thanks…
at today s  housecommerce hearing  i spoke about jessie s law and our ongoing bipartisan work to combat the opioid…
house passed bill to ensure veterans receive care and benefits they earned - including gi bill for generations to come  forever g i bill
thanks to the tax cuts and jobs act  87 million americans across 48 states are starting to see lower utility rates 
rt  soar_eky   rephalrogers speaks at a ribbon cutting today at the ky enterprise industrial park in pikeville  join us in welcoming silver…
icymi  a must read from  detroitnews taxreform
may is lupus awareness month  as a co-chair of lupus caucus  i am committed to continuing the fight for research an…
  gatr_antenna  a h ville firm that develops & produces portable satellite communications antenna  is expanding  &…
the concealed carry reciprocity act is common sense legislation  the second amendment helps keep americans safe  it s…
if you re a student interested in attending a u s  service academy  please join me at one of our u s  service acade…
this week we celebrate national police week to honor the brave men and women in blue who are dedicated to keeping ou…
after intense pressure  sec  of defense orders pentagon to stop collection of soldiers  reenlistment bonuses
 marybro77801894 are there 51 senators you trust  not for me  i d rather keep the 60 vote rule  we have a better…
congrats  repryanzinke on your  interior confirmation  i look forward to working with you &  natresources for  ca08  
pleased to help advance a much-needed  bipartisan bill to reform our forest management  my full statement is here 
resolving daca now  is not a crisis  funding the government and our military is 
rt  mikeofcc  see coverage in great  lockportjournal of  repchriscollins and my op-ed seeking ny state stop diverting critical 9-1-1 fees —…
recently presented awards to outstanding fire and rescue/ems personnel from sarasota  manatee and hillsborough  we…
thank you  dcrchamber for having me  great discussion on the tax cuts that are working for  mn02  and my efforts to…
the graphic speaks for itself  other spending is being cut in order to fund our mandatory programs and net interest 
today on religious freedom day  we are blessed to celebrate our god-given right to worship and the freedom of religi…
rt  repdavidkustoff  watch  in yesterday s  financialcmte hearing   ustreasury secretary  stevenmnuchin1 and i discussed the need to modern…
the 1 2% decrease in unemployment within a year is positive proof that rural america is making a come back under th…
every day we are hearing more fantastic news because of taxreform  when small biz is strong  america is strong  ke…
stopping fraud is a goal we all share  ss has increased its efforts to fight fraud  but we need to be sure it s doing all it can 10/12
  potus trump must keep his commitment to gateway which he made in white house last september  essential to new yor…
odd assessment   you read memos from both gop & dem committee staff as i have  questionable actions taken by some i…
i look forward to working with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle  as well as house & senate leadership  to f…
1/ attn veterans in clark county  your congressional office casework team will be at the veterans  stand down event in jeffersonville today 
impt opportunity to speak about persecution of religious minorities in middle east  the yazidi community of nebrask…
i enjoyed talking with members of the daughters of american revolution at earth day at fair park  we had a wonderfu…
according to the  ism and  markets  15/18 manufacturing industries indicated growth last month  business is coming…
sanctuary cities are today s  hole in the wall  hideouts  not for butch & sundance but  for illegal alien drug crim…
good to visit cook nuclear plant today & even better to chat with kelly ferneau  the new plant manager & first ever…
 mikedubtx actually  i m both a  rangers and  astros fan  when i m not meeting with my constituents in austin like…
wishing a happy passover to all my friends observing and celebrating in the coming days  chag sameach  may you be…
the peninsula  usda investing  1 55 million in van buren county  mi06 
see what  cny  leaders are saying about our problem solvers caucus infrastructure work group report --&gt …
it was great to welcome walker memorial academy from avon park to the capitol  hope you enjoyed your trip to dc 
rt  waysandmeansgop  tax cutsand jobs act is making a real impact on americans  monthly budgets  💰 90% of american workers are bringing hom…
release  arkansas congressional delegation secures  48 million for flood recovery ar4 arnews arwx
what a great family night at keg south before my congressional recognition ceremony tomorrow  dexter got most impro…
 we introduced  fosta  because it is heartbreaking to watch survivors struggle to piece their lives back together wh…
as i ve said before  the administration should not go down this course 
as we remember on holocaust remembrance day  i encourage you to take a moment to commemorate the lives of the surviv…
icymi  chairman  repgoodlatte spoke on  foxnews about the firing of andrew mccabe and misconduct at the fbi  watch 
rep  costello conversation with wfmz regarding charlottesville
  asburyparkpress on jcp&l power line   the project should be rejected outright  
rt  fwd_us    repnewhouse  r-wa  has maintained that congress must act this year to protect dreamers  thank you for your leadership - now…
gov brown can request pres obama convene process to suspend pulse flows to save water during c a drought
i applaud the decision by  potus to move the us embassy in israel to jerusalem  this step is important to our rela…
at the rsc  we are working with the brightest policy minds to bring about what we call  effective conservatism   th…
we have opportunities to combat and cure the debilitating illnesses that plague our loved ones  investments in rese…
icymi  the republican baseball team is once again practicing for the upcoming charity ball game on the same field w…
rt  rockfordfire  may 4th is international firefighters  day  we would like to take this opportunity to thank all past and present  rockfor…
rt  speakerryan  the chemical attack in syria is a horror that cannot be tolerated by responsible nations  the u s  must continue to lead a…
rt  politico  senate confirms two fcc nominees
congratulations to  stan_state on the nearly  1 2 million award from  nsf for their smart scholarship program to he…
priorities for f-35 beddown  eielson afb   200  million for ak projects included in house-passed spending bill
rt  club4growth  thank you  repjbridenstine for standing up for economic freedom   davidmmcintosh
the tax cutsand jobs act is pro-growth and pro-family 
to ensure the continued success of  dhsgov s cyber mission  we must pass h r  3359 to strengthen the security of fe…
i discussed our current budget process on the federal level  how i believe it needs to change  and our economic tre…
white county adult education ged testing center on wednesday  may 16  1 00 p m  edt or rensselaer fire department o…
congratulations to  idahofallsfire on a safe and successful 2017 
it was a privilege to meet kimberly scofi  of marietta  who received the congressional medal of honor -- citizens h…
my statement on the trade action taken by  potus earlier today 
rt  usmc  73 years ago today  marines on iwo jima raised the flag atop mount suribachi  semper fidelis 
giving students  teachers  and law enforcement tools to improve school security  identify warning signs  and stop v…
 tx22   katyisd rules tx6a women s soccer   othsladysoccer falcons vs cinco ranch cougarnation_jc today  winner goes to state  good luck all 
while i can t get into further details yet due to process of notifying next of kin  i want to extend my deepest con…
how about a throwback thursday from 2007  whether in a suit as your representative or in uniform as a marine  it s…
  nikiinthehouse & i have concerns regarding the increased frequency of physiological episodes  pes   including the…
this is one of the younger crowds i ve met with this week  these are an impressive group of 8th grade students repr…
rt  dailysignal  lawmaker proposes legislation to give lawmakers more time to read bills
learn more about our work here 
big thanks to  mariposasheriff binnewies and cooperating agencies for their inspirational leadership  detwiler fire
rt  josephlawler  house passes bill to exempt community banks from the volcker rule -- and give fed sole authority for writing regs  rather…
important discussion with realtors this afternoon  thanks for all you do to keep lincoln a great place to live  wor…
such an awesome story  roll tide  pat 
 richardrubindc     and hey   richardrubindc  why are you always in the front 
looking forward to an eagles win today  go birds  fly eagles fly
had a great meeting yesterday with murrieta councilman randon lane yesterday to discuss the keller road interchange…
great to see so many folks participating in d e a take back day today  we must work together to stop opioid abuse in ou…
congressman griffith s weekly e-newsletter  could it be  bloomberg  former sierra club director  and griffith agree 
miguel díaz-canel bermúdez has been hand-picked by castro regime to maintain its communist tyranny  his  presidency…
nr full markup jan 10  via  youtube
shameful that ortega attempts to hide his administration s failures by blocking stations from covering protests ha…
while promises of denuclearization and peace sound promising  we must remember that no agreement for turning this…
coming up after 10am  joining  teamcavuto on cavuto live to talk about the latest on immigration reform efforts in…
rt  johndingell  they ll let anyone into the airport these days  great to catch up with my old hunting buddy and the new dean   repdonyoung…
members of the veterans  affairs committee introduced a bill to review  deptvetaffairs capital assets  read more 
tonight at 6 00  my bel air district office will host an info session for students interested in attending a milita…
excellent meeting today with mothers from the march for moms advocacy day  very positive discussion addressing vita…
fyi for harris county harvey survivors - clay road shopping center closes this saturday 3/31  you can visit the clo…
 richardrubindc live footage of tax reporters near the house floor 
i was blessed to spend some time visiting the people  schools and churches impacted by the recent storm in greensbo…
happening now  ways and means hearing on how taxreform will grow our economy and create jobs  watch here …
rt  repbuddycarter  this morning i visited angie s diner in midway  ga  small business optimism is the highest it s been in more than 3 dec…
i ll be in harrison this morning at 9 a m  holding mobile office hours at the sioux county courthouse  please stop…
thank you to the men and women who form the thin blue line that protects our communities  in texas  we are blessed…
good economic news for the us – natural gas exports were higher in 2017 than imports 
rt  jobsinkansas  the doors are open at the  replynnjenkins job fair in topeka kansas  ksjobs topeka topeka jobs
  hanfordsite workforce engagement center opening was exciting day  an invaluable resource for our world-class hanf…
 2/2  1st place  taylor pinney  abandoned beauty  2nd place  ava haddad  anelisa  3rd place  ian brown  the soari…
are you or your family planning a visit to our nation s capital this summer  my office in washington  d c  offers h…
happy national sibling day   nationalsiblingday
it was a pleasure to have the  richardsoncoc in washington this week  i deeply value the work that they do and appr…
rt  lawlibcongress  the chief information officer of the library of congress just announced a legislative app challenge
we cannot show enough gratitude to our teachers who dedicate their lives to education  they are building a foundati…
pleased to join a discussion this afternoon with  houseagnews chair conaway along with other members of the al & tn…
great news  gina haspel will help keep america safe  confirm her 
 the president s tax cut plan is already delivering higher wages  more jobs and lower taxes for hoosiers  fedex rec…
second chance each year nearly 20 000 people finish sentences  2yrs on average  in ohio  justice requires that they…
this saturday help fight the drug overdose epidemic by finding a national drug take back day location near you 
congrats to denzel ward from macedonia  can t wait to see you on the field 
the  heraldpalladium highlights some of the bipartisan work we ve done to address school safety concerns here in…
honored to swear in 1 000  new citizens and witness the american dream in action today in sacramento  congratulati…
after a multi-year team effort  we are one step closer to restoring wreck pond to its pristine condition once again 
 tvt  to former marine corporal alexis saavedra for her service  alexis  a single mom  now uses her gi bill to atten…
about to join  billhemmer on  foxnews to discuss immigration reform  and why i will never vote for amnesty  make sure to tune in 
it was a privilege to meet with members of the leon county sheriff s office as they visited washington to honor fal…
rt  mentornational  thanks to  repwalberg for taking the time to visit a mentoring program and see firsthand the powerful impact of relatio…
house votes to repeal health care law  tcot 
national prescription drug take back day is on saturday  april 28th  on this day  collection sites across the count…
must read via  morningconsult on preserving 2018 farm bill sugar policy   price consumers pay for sugar is actually…
it s the best time of the year in  satx   wishing all my friends in san antonio a happy and safe fiesta  sa300… 
really enjoyed getting a 1st-hand look at some of the newest  coolest & most innovative technologies   ces 
rt  chiefmccall  a special thanks goes out to the members of the  houstonpolice  cityofwestu  constablerosen  hcsotexas  bellairepd  housto…
all americans deserve accountability and respect and that is what we are delivering to our veterans and heroes than…
it s a rainy day in d c  but that never stops our postal workers 
happening now  chairman harper managing floor debate for our bipartisan congressional accountability act reform mea…
isis has lost 98% of the territory it once held in the middle east and is on the run thanks to our brave men and wo…
also on this day in 1803  john stevens patented the twin-screw propeller steamboat 
rt  tamu  gig  em   aggiesoftball  👍 12th man
icymi  texas private recreational red snapper fishing season is expanded to 82 days  the season opens june 1 
thank you   bereacollege president dr  lyle roelofs for the kind words  very proud that we were able to get this fi…
in our local communities  the burdens on small and medium-sized businesses have been lifted  unleashing opportuniti…
in a few minutes  i ll join  varneyco on  foxbusiness to highlight yesterday s taxreform roundtable with  potus in…
the house of representatives just passed a five year faa reauthorization with a massive bipartisan majority  h r  4…
the 2018 congressional art competition has officially begun  the competition is open to all high school students in…
to all the men and women who kept the lights on during hurricane harvey and all the days in between - thank you  ha…
rt  repkhandel  this saturday  april 28  dozens of businesses  community centers & medical facilities across the country will serve as nati…
in light of the government shutdown  i m asking for my pay to be withheld until the government is reopened 
release  small business committee analyzes american infrastructure
watch live  full committee markup
enjoyed meeting with constituents and pennsylvanians with  alsphiladelphia &  alsassociation to discuss the importa…
happy first night of hanukkah to those celebrating in  tx12  and around the world happy hanukkah
  housejudiciary is marking up h r  3989 which deals with the way the govt conducts surveillance  i m working hard…
90% of american workers are likely to see more in take-home pay because of the tax cutsand jbos act 
it s no secret that iran has not stopped its efforts to obtain a nuclear weapon  and we must take this threat very…
great story on a local hero   tx06 
debbie and i are very sad to hear of the passing of reynolds vfd fire chief  richard sales  please take a moment to…
thank you to  ducksunlimited for awarding me with the 2018 wetlands conservation achievement award  protecting our…
pleased  thejusticedept is finally taking action to help these victims  should have happened much sooner sayfie
saddened by the passing of my colleague rep  louise slaughter  she was a fierce advocate for the people she served …
today s vote addresses washington s fiscal mess by balancing the budget in 10 yrs & setting the stage for tax reform
about to join  wtmjsteve on  620wtmj- tune in 
  potus   i remain encouraged by developments in the house toward advancing legislation from chairmen goodlatte and…
what an outstanding family - mariel barreras and her husband anthony run a family farm in washington county  where…
pleased my bill to dedicate a post office after  mo03  soldier passed out of  gopoversight this week 
today s questioning of the honorable  stevenmnuchin1  secretary to the u s  department of treasury  at the…
i applaud president trump and his administration for boldly standing up for the constitution and the first amendment today
in addition  this legislation not only protects current american jobs but also encourages companies who have moved…
wishing a very happy mother s day to all of the moms  especially my wife and daughter  thank you for all that you d…
but the ap didn t tell you  -savings for the banks pales in comparison to savings for american families -over 75% o…
for too long  vague and unenforceable requirements have discouraged work and left many good jobs unfilled  the…
rt  waysandmeansgop  simpler tax code for all americans  ✅lower tax rates ✅larger standard deduction ✅no more special interest tax breaks h…
for the better part of a decade   nikiinthehouse & i have worked with the military to identify root causes and inst…
 chadenelsen so 2 u a surfer must believe in expanding global & fed gov power over our lives to reach those goals  fascist gov worse threat
joining  fbtalk on  wjrradio live now  tune in 
investment is flowing out of 🇨🇦 and into 🇺🇸 after republican tax reform 
thank you  looking forward to the game this year too 
happy anniversary to my bride sonia  who is more beautiful than ever after 24 years of marriage  i m very lucky to…
i worked to ensure taxreform was written with families who have children with disabilities in mind  key provisions…
special thanks to my former colleague  repdanlungren for moderating a great discussion  kslaw cybersecurity & priv…
a loving home to these two children in need  they had a home overflowing with love and were caring enough to open t…
h r  5685  medicare opioid safety education act has passed the full cmte by voice vote
i enjoyed meeting with the  ncsfa and  ncafcchiefs on wednesday to discuss federal issues impacting our nation s fi…
happening now   houseforeign markup considering bills from  reptedyoho   roslehtinen   reptedlieu   repmccaul …
rt  todayshow  remembering those who lost their lives at pearl harbor on this day 75 years ago  pearl harbor remembrance day
fyi — learn how your paycheck will be bigger starting *next month* thanks to the tax cutsand jobs act …
heading to  cityoffulshear for st patricks day  fulshearacc shamrock shinig  best & biggest st patty s in ft bend 
my favorite nickname for america is the land of opportunity   sc07 
they re back  congrats  khsgirlsbball and good luck 
rev  graham had a long  impactful  and incredible journey on earth  and i know he is finally at home in heaven with…
having first signed on as an original cosponsor in my first week in office in 2015  i ve long felt we need to refor…
it was great to see  chesty  today at my office in washington  d c  the  usmc and all of our nations armed forces a…
more jobs coming to folks in  il16   across illinois  and all over the country because of the tax cuts and jobs act …
our thoughts and prayers go out to our friends  family and neighbors who are being impacted by the severe flooding …
have you followed me on instagram yet  follow me now and don t miss a thing &gt &gt &gt 
lucy and i were saddened to learn rev  billy graham passed away this morning  his leadership -- and integrity -- we…
rt  foxnews  rep   toddrokita on the mueller investigation   it s been  20 million and we need to see a report of what evidence he has    t… 
there s a silver lining on tax day this year   it will be your last time filing your taxes under the old system 
as part of the 2018 congressional art competition  i m hosting the  in03  people s choice competition  vote for your…
if you would like to learn more about opportunities to the u s  service academies as well as rotc  stop by academy…
the memo prepared by the house intelligence committee has been declassified and is now available for public review …
this morning  education secretary devos testified before the labor  health & human services  education  & related a…
the ulster co  veterans resource fair was successful in bringing private and governmental organizations under one r…
the fed raised interest rates by a 1/4 point  stating  [t]he economic outlook has strengthened in recent months   c…
naked protectionism is the worst form of crony capitalism  protecting the few at the expense of the many  everyone…
great read by  epascottpruitt
these unreasonably high tariffs that will be implemented on steel and aluminum products may sound like a good idea …
rt  housevetaffairs    drphilroe statement on  potus announcement regarding the va secretary 
 pastificio29 i didn t  — l l 
this is a day that must never be forgotten  the attack on pearl harbor awakened a resilience and conviction in this…
since the schumer shutdown vote by the democrats occurred on the day of the march for life  i will be donating my p…
to learn more about the benefits of the tax cutsand jobs act  visit or text  tax reform  to 5…
it was great to speak with the leaders of the snoqualmie valley governments association  i was honored to receive t…
  judgetedpoe s bill  the citizens  right to know act  boosts transparency in the department of justice s pre-trial…
a patriotic  unifying message for the future of our nation from  realdonaldtrump s first  sotu   my full statement 
the individual mandate was crippling  with tax cuts and jobs act  that mandate is repealed  the core of obamacare is g…
rt  housegop  rt to wish the  usarmyreserve a very happy birthday  u s a r birthday110
rt  jhsph_chs    susanwbrooks  playing house member  warns   there are serious consequences  if other states follow the arizona governor s…
a patriot and an eagle   the super bowl can t get more american than that  who are you rooting for 
celebrate women s history month with  smithsonianeducation  visit for access to teaching resources for the classroom 
my first read of the day 
today i sent a letter urging noaa fisheries to extend bluefin tuna season for enc  we don t want to get to the end…
happy birthday to my colleague from mo   rephartzler 
fiscal year 2019 commerce  justice  science appropriations bill released  read a summary of the bill here --&gt 
rt  foxbusiness    repseanduffy   isn t that rich that facebook wants the voices of conservatism that they ve tried to take off of their pl…
honored to receive the  uschamber spirit of enterprise award this morning for supporting economic opportunity and…
artificial intelligence is constantly developing tech that will likely touch every aspect of our lives  i intro d l…
music modernization act 🎶 introduced today is a product of  housejudiciary s comprehensive copyright review & is de…
thank you  realdonaldtrump for signing the veterans appeals improvement and modernization act today 
combat vet james devito sat down for an interview with my office this week to talk about his 8 yrs of active duty i…
ready to join  riskrewardfbn to discuss why tax reform is so popular in tennessee  make sure to tune in 
the tax cutsand jobs act means big things for everyday american families all across southeastern michigan and the uni…
additionally  i ve joined  replancenj7 in calling for action to bring a fix n i c s bill to the floor  guaranteeing th…
congratulations to ronak  bryce  erik  and doug from  bismarckschools for qualifying and competing at the 2018 nati…
rt  speakerryan  icymi  the new tax law included opportunity zones—a component of our poverty fighting agenda that boosts economic growth a…
according to the international labor organization  there may be as many as 4 8 million victims of sex trafficking i…
rt  housecommerce  bipartisan committee leaders urge  hudgov to ensure funds are used to modernize puerto rico s grid &gt &gt 
tax cuts for america has given the economy a major boost  lower taxes and more jobs  that s winning   americafirstpol
tonight  i participated in a special order on the house floor in which bipartisan members of the house committee on…
rt  waysandmeansgop  america s tax code -– 1985  📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄 2017  📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄…
happy birthday to the  usnationalguard  always ready  always there 
rt  cochcs   saludclinic   denverhealthmed  and  mcpnhealthcare met with  repmikecoffman to discuss community health centers and present h…
may 8  2018 headline  cbo  government runs biggest monthly surplus ever in april  tax cuts are working 
delivering on the administration s legislative framework will help build a stronger america  and i intend to take t…
next tax day you will see lower rates and a tax code that s great 
rt  wolverine_cdr  building community parter relationships with u s  congressman mike bishop by discussing challenges on awareness of army…
congratulations to lake state railway on being honored by its peers as the short line railroad of the year  lake st…
awesome  the united states mint and the national park service celebrated the release of the america the beautiful q…
  timesfreepress   mckee foods gives  1 000 bonuses to all full-time employees  tax reform
i spoke with  khqa yesterday about rural broadband and what i ve been hearing about tax reform from people and busi…
ag chairman  conawaytx11 and i are on live with  voicesofmt taking your questions  mtpol
✓ 3 years ✓ 6 listening sessions ✓ 114 hearings ✓ countless meetings with farmers & ranchers  houseagnews has work…
at  politicolive event today nancy pelosi said it was  accurate  to say that she wants to take away tax cuts ⬇️https //t co/fzzxj92kuh
congratulations to mike pompeo  our nation s 70th secretary of  statedept 
75% are narrow networks  percentage of plans sold on the obamacare exchange that consisted of narrow networks  - wsj a c abythenumbers
rt  ktulnews    repmullin is doing a twitter q&a this week  do you have questions you want answered  tweet them with ask markwayne 
incredibly proud to receive the  heartbeat bill hero  award  all human life is precious & deserves to be treated with the highest dignity 
10/13   2pm  public meeting on the proposed mojave trails  sand to snow  & castle mountain natl  monuments--&gt   ca08 
individual mandate from obamacare = gone 
good meeting with the dialogue institute of the southwest yesterday  they provided an update on their help for folk…
obama administration obstructed justice  read the letter  clintonscandal
on law enforcement appreciation day  i want to say thank you to the men and women who protect our communities  you pu…
as the house considers faa reauthorization this week  it was helpful to sit down with  dfwairport ceo sean donohue…
rt  houseforeign  appreciate  reptedyoho leading the effort to better leverage public-private partnerships in emerging overseas economies …
news  after doj s inadequate response to a request from  repgoodlatte   tgowdysc   jim_jordan   repratcliffe …
sad to hear of the passing of my colleague from ny  rep  louise slaughter  prayers to her family 
as a devoted wife  mother  grandmother  great-grandmother  and a tireless family literacy advocate  it was barbara…
rt  nycoer  thank you  repesty   repmiketurner   rosadelauro   johnlarsonct   jahimes  &  reppeteking for co-sponsoring this important bill…
today i d also like to thank from the bottom of my heart all loved ones who waited for us to come home veterans day
rt  repmccaul  great to speak at today s  republicanstudy meeting with  repgoodlatte and  raul_labrador about our bill to finally secure ou…
earlier today in the  housecommerce hearing  i asked mark zuckerberg about allegations of potentially widespread ab…
citizen engagement is key to democracy  whether we agree or not  i d simply say to all who have taken the time to c…
i had a very informative meeting with the citizens climate lobby  i enjoyed hearing their thoughts on ways we can p…
hey  kanyewest  have your people call our people 
rt  ewerickson  dear republicans  you need a 2/3 vote in the house to pass a balanced budget amendment  you only need a majority to pass a…
a balanced budget amendment is the single most important piece of legislation that congress can pass  by voting dow…
while we await a vote on the farm bill  it was  as always  great to discuss with the  lubbockchamber policies congr…
rt  reptomemmer  it was a pleasure meeting w/ arne christenson this morning to discuss the importance of the u s -israel relationship   gop…
here are simple facts   housegop passes 5yr stand alone chip bill nov 3  2017  all govt funding bills voted out of…
rt  globalipcenter  what s the real value of  ip  protections  on average   ip  right-holding firms earn 20% more in revenue per employee an…
rt  repkevinyoder  recognizing small biz week at the snack shack on santa fe in downtown op 
this morning  i had breakfast with members of the macomb county farm bureau to discuss their priorities for the far…
rt  healthylakes  thanks for signing on to support  glri  at  300m in fy19   repdavetrott  we re making progress restoring the great lakes …
rt  houseagnews  our u s  agriculture industry is as wide and diverse as its people and plays a vital role in ensuring our nation continues…
rt  foxandfriends  tune in alert   rep_hunter joins us live at 9 15am/et 
thanks to savings from tax cuts  gary  ceo at haciendas at grace village in las cruces  is increasing salaries & gi…
rt  waysandmeansgop  complying with today s broken tax code costs americans billions each year  💸 💸 💸 tax reform17
tbt to visiting with the 2018 veterans of foreign wars – student veterans of america  vfw-sva  legislative fellows…
glad to see leaders from meigs county this afternoon  two commissioners  the county ema director  and state represe…
the fy19 interior appropriations bill funds a number of american priorities like our national park service  efforts…
  congressmanhice  it is vital that the  secretservice is staffed with nothing but the best 
this hearing is starting now  watch live here 
need help with federalagencies   my staff will be in bunn n c this morning to help   nc13  meet n c13 constituents
follow friday ➡️  repandybiggsaz   repmikejohnson   repralphnorman   reptedbudd   reptomgarrett   repmattgaetz -- g…
putting fish before people  70 000 acre feet of water released from dams on american and stanislaus rivers in cal
hiking in the gorge  fishing  low energy bills  forest resources  i ll be giving an update on all these and more in…
rt  ssnalerts    roslehtinen   repteddeutch get us-israeli security assistance authorization act through foreign affairs committee 
at  your_wchs students are participating in the capitol hill stock market challenge and learning about saving and i…
during national police week  i especially remember micah flick  el paso county s own recently fallen officer  who d…
happyhalloween  trick or treat times have now been announced for the iron mountain area   imdailynews
good morning south jersey  will be calling into  1400wond don williams at 7am and  987thecoast phil pizzi at 8am to…
fantastic time tonight at the ywca women of achievement awards celebration in kalamazoo  congratulations to all tho…
rt  inghamhsem  the u s  small business administration has approved the request for a physical and economic disaster declaration in ingham…
rt  realdonaldtrump  democrats are holding our military hostage over their desire to have unchecked illegal immigration  can t let that hap…
rt  repwalberg  toured the  lowes flatbed distribution center in grand ledge today  glad to hear the new tax cut law is making a difference…
happy national ag day to all our  ga08  and georgia farmers  and thank you for the work you do in feeding our communi…
attention high school students in  nm02   my office is currently accepting applications for the 2018…
it is always inspiring meeting with the veterans and volunteers of  eastersealsor in medford  the people at easters…
tune in for the last few panels of the  ldtc16   open gov
rt  mspmetrodet  flags around the nation will be at half staff as we honor those that gave their lives for their communities on peace offic…
glri update   epascottpruitt admits and agrees  under my urged questioning   300 million in funding for our great l…
employees at advanced sciences and technologies  llc will see increases in their 401k match thanks to the passage o…
 here s what washington does do  it can choose to advance policies that make it harder for our economy to grow  or…
this morning  i spoke with  varneyco on  foxbusiness on the spending bill from last week and how the 60-vote thresh…
house passes key veterans bills
the house is now voting on the fy18 omnibus  which provides robust increases for national defense  infrastructure …
after the announcement from  walmart today  we re over  1 5 billion in employee bonuses anounced so far  the…
rt  93wibc  news   susanwbrooks and fb ceo mark zuckerburg talk terrorism and how the social network is trying to cut out recruitment in hi…
norway and gun control guns in america
i have always enjoyed being written off in sports and politics then proving my adversaries wrong - it makes the vic…
this is yet another example of why metro continues to need fundamental reforms   no matter the increased funds or b…
my office is now accepting applications for summer interns in my washington d c  office  the deadline for applicati…
my statement with  rodneydavis after the white house announced today the nomination of  cityblmpd chief  brendan he…
participating in the federalist society s article i initiative conference panel discussion  the article i proje…
wrapped up another great telephone townhall yesterday  my 13th since coming to washington  i really enjoy getting t…
 theotaylorr  ingrahamangle the ones that don t fit    i leave them on the rack  😂
i had a great time visiting liberty liberal arts academy in elgin
another great week of meetings  hoosier families and workers will always be my number one priority whether i m work…
americans spend a combined  99 billion each year complying with the individual income tax  31 reasons4taxreform…
every day  our men and women in uniform are fighting isis  they are on the dmz facing north korea  they are trainin…
as  potus said during the  sotu   congress should pass the  right to try  legislation that i ve cosponsored  which w…
  david60925951 ask buddy
this monday at 7 00pm  senator tim scott and i will kick off our book tour at  bookendsnj  for more information or…
today  we honor the men & women who have selflessly served our country & bravely protected the way of life we cheri…
new estimates show federal tax cuts will help iowans even more than previously expected  more    in the pockets of…
rt  edworkforce  watch live 📺 joint subcommittee hearing on opioids
rt  foxnews    replukemesser   president trump is a great negotiator    he just vanquished the democrats in the shutdown debate  
rt  housegop  passed → the  fy18ndaa   we are combating the lack of military readiness 
rt  congculberson  icymi  small-business confidence hits record high in 2018 because of taxreform  tx07 
some of the comey memos contained classified information  intentionally leaking classified information is a big no…
rt  waysandmeansgop  🚨breaking → house approves historic  sweeping tax overhaul for the first time in 31 years  a tax code focused on the n…
icymi- fy18 agriculture bill supports opioid abuse prevention   us_fda oversight/grants & nutrition programs 
glad to receive the  ifda thomas jefferson award in recognition of my strong support of policies that enable the u …
rt  foxbusiness    repkevinbrady on democrats calling tax cuts  crumbs    i think they are being proved wrong every day back home  
rt  reptomemmer  now  listen to my colleagues  repgosar  repseanduffy  reperikpaulsen and rep  collin peterson on  knsi →
rt  citygrandrapids  check out this video of the grand river from over the weekend  when it crested at nearly 20 7 feet  stay tuned for up…
rt  speakerryan  breaking news → congress just voted to give our troops their largest pay raise in 8 years  soon it goes to  potus to be si…
read this week s long s short report about combating robocalls   according to the ftc and…
congratulations to  sofidelsharing on their groundbreaking in inola  welcome to oklahoma   ok2 
rest assured  the 1-188 air defense artillery unit of the north dakota national guard is protecting the  uscapitol…
breaking ➡️ my legislation  h r  2152  citizens right to know passes the house of representatives with bipartisan s…
it s folic acid awareness week   dyk  this vitamin reduces the risk of autism & birth defects such as spina bifida …
chowan and perquimans counties  we are live  to join the telephone town hall  i encourage you to call directly to  …
great conversation with  govholcomb about his next level agenda and building a strong hoosier workforce  look forwa…
southwest indiana is a diverse and unique place  i truly enjoy meeting and discussing local issues all across the d…
if you or your family are planning a trip to washington  dc this year  be sure to check out my website to schedule…
i was honored to have judge moses join me for the state of the union last month  he has been an instrumental partne…
it was great to visit with the swainsboro exchange club to give them an update on my work in d c  today was also ne…
rt  amvetshq  no surprises here  as amvets dept  of michigan was able to find several representatives from the  great lakes  state  thank y…
promises made are meant to be kept  across  oh08  the opposition to bankrupting america is unanimous  congress shoul…
rt  jimlangevin  today  i joined my  cte  caucus co-chair  congressmangt to introduce a resolution recognizing national c t e month  we must pr…
about to join join muir on  wsau  tune in here 
it s national retirement planning week  take action to better your future  and start planning today …
rt  housegop  companies all across america are announcing bonuses and increased benefits for their employees because of the tax cutsand jobs…
today  our govt  worked as intended & courts checked blatant usurpation of power by the executive branch  amnesty
in this morning mailbag i address your comments on homelessness in our area and recognize our…
recently i met the bright  stem  students of the  medinavalleyisd cyber patriot team at the castroville public lib…
i ll be rooting for the  cardinals as they play the arizona diamondbacks on opening day  opening day s t l
rt  cspan  mark up of the defense authorization bill  hascrepublicans  hascdemocrats – live online here   fy19ndaa… 
discussing the ways we can prevent gun violence in schools live on  abc7news
 joemcg_68 is in washington and we re in matching ties for  sotu   indot
a big congratulations to  prattandwhitney columbus  which was recognized as large manufacturer of the year by…
my revitalize rural america act will redirect  2 1 billion directly to local entities for water  road and broadband…
rt  yhn    repbyrne   committee passes defense bill important to alabama alpolitics
politics has always been about a difference of viewpoints and opinions  but when it comes to the opioidepidemic  i…
great to sit down with columbus mayor jim bulkley at news channel nebraska  excellent discussion on north korea  fe…
tax cutsand jobs act is making a real impact  - tyson giving 5 000  mo  employees bonuses - chipotle giving bonuses p…
icymi  rachael kanapka of  rage_2016 makes a thorough case against jcp&l powerline project in monmouth county
the omission of text messages between december 2016 and may 2017  a critical gap encompassing the fbi s russia inve…
icymi  check out my latest op-ed on water for the world in the hill  mark twain is believed to have once said   wh…
icymi  last night i led a special order in support of pro-life pregnancy centers  california is trying to infringe…
rt  nikiinthehouse   the fight against sexual assault in the military has imparted lessons and created tools that have broader applicabilit…
this year is the last time americans will have to file their taxes under a broken  complicated tax code because  th…
i recently secured funding to better screen mothers for postpartum depression  you can read more here 
h r  5240  enhancing grid security through public-private partnerships act  as amended  has passed the full cmte by voice vote
thank you to all the farmers in arkansas and across the nation that provide food  fiber  natural resources  and mor…
this reinvestment will put money in the pockets of middle class families  help provide better care for new jerseyan…
rt  repmikerogersal  the list keeps growing and relief to hardworking americans is on its way  thank you   realdonaldtrump  tax reform ht…
rt  househomeland  sixteen years ago today  our world was changed forever  may we honor our fallen heroes and the innocent victims of 9/11 …
harvey survivors  three harris county disaster recovery centers  drc  are closing at the end of this week  the nea…
rt  teamcavuto    darrellissa to neil   the president has three responsibilities and one of them clearly is to protect our borders and he i…
great to discuss nafta and tariffs with the consulate general of canada paul connors this afternoon 
rt  jackkingston  great to be out w/  gop  baseball team this am  spirits are resilient & enthusiasm is high   stevescalise  reprwilliams  r…
the best education for our children is not one dictated by dc politicians and bureaucrats  i voted no on  essa  
tune in now  i am on  foxnews with  teamcavuto to discuss iran
barbara bush was the original  thousand points of life  by urging  applauding  and at times insisting that we live…
if you re in town for the inauguration  you can find some important security & transportation info here …
icymi  i joined  ingrahamangle on  foxnews last night to talk about why i could not support the omnibus  view ent…
happy birthday  unm  lobo day2018
congrats gov perdue on confirmation as usda sec  i hope we can address systematic failures in usfs management…
rt  wbalradio  up next   repandyharrismd speaks with  bryannehman regarding the tax reform legislation  listen live 
just gave patrick from  pattonvillesd some great news  he has been accepted into  westpoint_usma  proud to represen…
huge thx to  secretaryzinke for appearing before the  natresources committee today  i was glad to have the chance t…
chairing fed  lands subcmte hearing on forest service w/testimony fr chief tidwell 10am et/7pt live at  natresources
i have personally known director pompeo for years and traveled with him to some of the worst hotspots around the wo…
rt  waysandmeansgop    nfib president & ceo juanita duggan   this shows small-business owners are more than just optimistic  they are ready…
pleased to cosponsor this vital legislation that includes many provisions beneficial to  nasa_marshall 
rt  seemacms  i had a productive conversation with members of the doctors caucus  we discussed how  cmsgov is reducing regulatory burden an…
rt  uscg   look closely at the present you are constructing  it should look like the future you are dreaming   alice walker throughout  us… 
a busy week in the first district thus far  this afternoon i spoke with local pastors to discuss how to better pres…
artwork by prince chapman academy third-grader athena rodriguez was selected to represent indiana in the annual doo…
so great to be with quincy sulton  michigan youth of the year  at the boys and girls of benton harbor -…
rt  midlothianisd  congrats to misd s three national merit semifinalists  read more about them at m i s d proud
it s small business week & here s a smallbiz highlight from home→ sonderen packaging in spokane  washington  this i…
it is essential to provide national security agencies with the tools they need to keep us safe  however  this canno…
rt  taylortv910  congressman john moolenaar honoring vietnam veteran duane dishong with several medals for his service   9and10news
great to see that the  potus fy2019 budget focuses on infrastructure  our transportation/infrastructure systems are…
our military working dogs do so much to protect our servicemembers & ensure the safety of this country  last night…
the  housegop is focused on issues that matter to hardworking americans  and our record proves it …
thomas jefferson was born in virginia 275 years ago today  do you know which three of his many accomplishments are…
rt  adl_florida    roslehtinen at  nls2018   i introduced the dream act to alleviate the fears of 800k  dreamers who know no other home  tha…
hear & support the people of iran in their hour of need  zealot iranian rulers must embrace modernity & freedom or…
rt  housegop  addresses global threats  rebuilds military readiness  supports military families  this is the  fy18ndaa  
just announced  the committee will hold two hearings next week on  deptvetaffairs pre-discharge claims programs and…
great to have the schallock family of auburn visit the office today   al03  lee co…
anything other than a balanced and targeted approach will raise costs for manufacturers  slow our economic momentum…
rt  repgosar  tim nuvangyaoma  hopi chairman   shutting down ngs requires direct federal action that conflicts with the trust responsibilit…
rt  houseforeign  committee votes to sanction iran for human rights abuses
great to visit  hafb last week with  reprobbishop 
great news for our veterans in  tx31  and across the nation 
excited to see  maddiepoppe in the top 3  inspiring to see her entire community and all of iowa rally behind her an…
yesterday we passed the r e v i e wact to protect hard-working americans from excessive regulatory…
the mortgage interest deduction stays exactly the same for current mortgages  for new mortgages  taxpayers may dedu…
the every kid outdoors act has passed out of the  natresources committee  this legislation would provide america s…
on this day  in 1980 the miracle on ice happened in lake placid  ny at the winter olympics  38 years later  minnesot…
rt  ohelectriccoops  great discussion on rural broadband access with  boblatta  thank you for your time this afternoon  coops in d c
florida power & light 1-800-468-8243
passed → the house just passed the born-alive survivors protection act  i was proud to cosponsor this important l…
rt  housegop  the ultimate taco tuesday   chipotletweets just announced new employee bonuses  paid maternity and paternity leave  short-ter…
last night  officer phillip meacham with the hopkinsville police department in kentucky was tragically shot and kil…
our community is strengthened when we encourage students to work hard  learn  honored that  miamisup  mariteremdcps…
my staff and i had a chance to say hello and talk to members of  alsaocc about the importance of a l s advocacy 
rt  housegop  dr  martin luther king jr  left a meaningful impact on this country & the world  today we especially honor his profound life…
great talking tax reform this morning with you and the panel 
  housescience approves space exploration and entrepreneurship bills
fixing social security will require tough choices 
senate d s finally figured out that americans see right through their childish temper tantrum  hope americans remem…
as an eagle scout  it s always nice to see young men learning the values of scout law  thanks for stopping by my la…
today we remember all that christ sacrificed for us so we can live in eternity with him  have a blessed good friday 
rt  repstevechabot  looking forward to meeting you  john  keep up the great work  d s works
rt  foxnews    toddrokita unveils  crumbs act  to make bonuses tax-free  in swipe at  nancypelosi
 achasemahr  natresources  westerncaucus i didn t see another reply  but i am glad you were able to find the bill language  have a nice day 
rt  houseappropsgop  at 10 am  members of congress testify before  mariodb and the transportation/hud subcommittee on their fy19 budget pri…
congrats to f l17 s very own pine view school for ranking no  1 on u s  news and world report s  best high schools …
pinewood derby fun with our little cub scouts 
thank you rep  brooks for your support of my bill  the childhood cancer star act  that will increase research and t…
rt  housescience  watch live  scholars or spies  foreign plots targeting america s research and development
working through the weekend to make sure we get this policy right for producers  consumers and all of rural america…
 we hold these truths to be self-evident  that all men are created equal  that they are endowed by their creator wi…
this has been a big year for  gop  i m excited to have  potus at the capitol tonight to celebrate our victories & plan for the future   sotu 
as a proud eagle scout and co-chair of the congressional scouting caucus  i wish the  boyscouts a very happy 108th…
great to spend time in murray county last week  check out my interview with the  thedailycitizen below
tune in tonight at 9 p m  →
live now on fox40 talking immigration and the queenofthe hill denhamrule
honored to receive the thomas jefferson award from food service distributors who help support mt s tourism economy
joined the northern shenandoah valley community veterans engagement board for the inaugural 2018 military expo  hel…
the following areas in  sc05  were nominated as opportunity zones 
by introducing computer science to students at a young age  we can inspire the next generation to pursue careers an…
it was an honor to know and work with the gentlelady from new york  louiseslaughter  may peace be with her family…
today  i express my sincere gratitude for the leadership and service of my good friend and mentor   speakerryan - a…
our tribute to former senator and georgia governor zell miller is starting now  tune in &gt &gt &gt  gapol
it was a pleasure to celebrate the lives and military service of paul  joseph  and theodore rustin  the three broth…
rt  tc_cle  before the vp s remarks  local u s  reps  jim renacci and bob gibbs are taking part in a panel about tax cuts  3 politics  wkyc…
rt  houseforeign    repedroyce statement on opening of the u s  embassy in jerusalem
congratulations to my good friend  reptomprice  i am excited to see what great things you do for our healthcare system and as leader of hhs 
suzanne & i are praying for the victims of the terrible act of violence in sutherland springs  our hearts are breaking for the community 
the tax cuts and jobs act will create almost 20 000 jobs in missouri and raise after tax income by an average of  2…
i commend the administration for leveling tough new sanctions against iran hacking 144 universities and private bu…
soon  chairman  rep_stevewomack going live on  squawkcnbc to talk about the budget request from  potus  tune in 
rt  joaquincastrotx  glad to welcome  repkevinyoder as newest  prekcaucus co-chair with  tomcoleok04  repkclark  high quality pre-k sets ou…
rt  housecommerce   repgregwalden  boblatta  janschakowsky  michaelcburgess  repdebdingell from sub d c c p vice-chair  greggharper
the newly created national vetting center will help ensure we know who is coming to our country so that we protect…
thoughts and prayers are with former first lady barbara bush and the entire bush family 
my statement on the surgical u s  military strikes in syria in coordination with our allies france and britain 
  usairforce outstanding airman of the year and spring  texas native josh malyemezian is also a big fan of world se…
data security has turned into a crisis & americans deserve better  at 2pm  tune in as i chair a hearing on the topic
thank you to the brave law enforcement officers who keep us safe  we appreciate your great sacrifice to protect our…
watch the house floor   noon as members in the house of representatives  join together to pray for those affected b…
lincoln describes the principles of the declaration as the  apple of gold  protected by the  silver frame  of the c…
rt  capitalweather  senate passes comprehensive bi-partisan bill to improve weather forecasting 
big news  atlanta has been chosen a finalist for the home to new  usarmy futures command  in march  the ga delegati…
rt  theeagle  bryan isd put its programs and activities on display for the community at a pair of events friday and saturday   bryanisd don…
today  i join with the country to thank our military spouses and their families for the sacrifices they make on beh…
check out my new op-ed with the idaho delegation about tax reform  today is the last day that taxes will be paid u…
yesterday  i joined a discussion at  atlanticcouncil with  ukparliament s defense committee on the important relati…
on  housefloor  congratulated  umiamirsmas for its 75th anniversary of oceanic research & marine and atmospheric sc…
also onthisdayinhistory  n april 25  1868  john bevins moisant was born  the first pilot to carry passengers acros…
my statement on the president s first  sotu  address
to all the dads  happy fathers day 
revolution yoga and cycle studio in sioux falls tonight with miss kylee  🙌🏼
rt  cvshealth  thank you congressman  rodneydavis for visiting our  cvspharmacy in champaign  il  it was our pleasure to host you 
rt  repdavetrott  many americans save for years to try and become homeowners but burdensome regulations prevent them from buying a home  i…
📺tune in now to watch the  housecommerce zuckerberg hearing ➡️
it s an honor to nominate such a fine young leader to attend the untied states naval academy  looking forward to se…
it was a pleasure meeting with students from the caldwell school district who are in dc as part of the close up fo…
excited to open up voting for the 2018 people s choice award for the congressional art competition  i ll award 1 po…
this must be a congressional priority  &gt &gt &gt  paul ryan says puerto rico will get support texas and florida received 
rt  houseagnews  claim  new proposal takes  snap  benefits away from children  elderly and disabled  fact  this proposal doesn t touch those…
today the house reaffirmed our commitment to national security with the passage of the conference report for…
rt  carolinas_trade  congressmen  congressmanraja  d-il  &  repralphnorman  r-  sc   have founded what appears to be the first solar-specifi…
proud to join alaskans in dc to stand up against domestic violence and sexual assault as part of choose respect ini…
honored to join elizabeth lenzy and the lenzy family institute for yesterday s groundbreaking for the hart center 
with a great group of nc conservative students at  cpac2018   western carolina and nc state were well represented  k…
 in confronting these dangers  we know that weakness is the surest path to conflict  and unmatched power is the sur…
rt  stevescalise  all of us on the baseball field last june owe our lives to the bravery of these officers and the u s  capitol police offi…
  repmarkmeadows  as you know  this committee is charged with uncovering and exposing waste  fraud and abuse within the federal government 
rt  craasch   presssec sarah sanders says of passage of anti-sex trafficking bill   this bipartisan piece of legislation takes an important…
it s always great bipartisan fun at the annual congressional clays competition and this year was no exception 
a powerfully moving story and a reminder of the critical need to let all adoption/foster care agencies stay open  a…
any life taken through gun violence is a tragedy  any time that happens our first thoughts should be for the victims and their families 
  flgovscott and i discussing legislation on house floor later this wk to help fl recover from hurricane irma…
rt  prlaorg_ga    prlaorg always enjoys talking with  repsmucker about hospitality  thanks for taking the time to meet with  micksallamerp…
the pleasure is all ours  together  we will  a l s hill day18
fair and simple tax day
more encouraging news as a result of tax reform  a strong manufacturing sector is critical for michigan 
my office was happy to assist in securing a much needed new van for the montgomery county senior center so that the…
chairman  petesessions welcomes  housebudgetgop chairman  repdianeblack to testify on the senate amendment to the fy18 budget 
thank you to all who have served and sacrificed to keep our nation safe and free  veterans day
rt  transport  we are underway at our water hearing with  repgarretgraves  for more info and a live-stream →
persisting in the fight 
rt  jimlangevin  i m proud to join my fellow  cte  caucus co-chair  congressmangt in introducing a bill to modernize  nationalffa s charter…
why am i here today to hear from the music industry  why did i introduce the music modernization act  i m crazy abou…
as we pause to celebrate easter  let us all give thanks for a risen savior who made the ultimate sacrifice for the…
saw new tech from  kroger which was rolled out last week at the perrysburg store  scan  bag  go lets shoppers use a…
important read by appleton mayor tim hanna   the fact is that our relationships with other countries are vital both…
yesterday  the congressional victims  rights caucus hosted our annual awards ceremony  i was privileged to present…
due to the short  holiday week  we will not have mobile office hours in lewis county tomorrow  tuesday  nov  21  if…
sidney and i were so moved at the pre-release screening of  same kind of different as me  tonight   1/2
happy paczki day  one of my favorite fat tuesday traditions in northeast wisconsin 
congrats  faith  glad to have you staying in  tx25  at  utaustin hook em
rt  tceqnews  tceq s tips for curbside sorting of post-hurricane waste 
 travisandandrew  mctrendystache  hrintuitive families of americans in florida & cal gunned down by islamic terrorists will understand
check out my latest newsletter to learn about my recent efforts to push for changes in the way we manage our forests
in briefing to congress  dni  secdef  and secstate provided zero real evidence  referenced info circulating online …
rt  indylibrary  at central library right now 
rt  oia  we want to thank the wildfire disaster funding act s champions  including reps  simpson  r-id    repschrader  d-or    cathymcmorri…
decades of population relocation to urban areas has made it more and more difficult for many americans to regularly…
 3/3  together  we were able to successfully shine the spotlight on a group of true american heroes   arlingtonnatl…
more from mcdonald s on its decision to triple employee education assistance benefits 
bureaucrats aren t wizards  they re public servants 
i d like to congratulate my friend and former colleague  mike pompeo  on being confirmed as this country s 70th sec…
i d like to extend a  thank you  to  asu for the beautiful facility  proud to be arizona  🌵
today the subcommittee on higher education and workforce development heard from witnesses at a hearing on access an…
from sweeping tax reform  to strengthening our military  to growing our economy—  speakerryan legacy will be felt f…
marcia and i express our deepest sympathies to the family of rep  louise slaughter  who passed away this morning  l…
rt  the_citizen  rep  john katko  more resources needed to combat human trafficking in cny  by  robertharding   ny24 
i liked a  youtube video from  repholding iraq & syria troop withdrawal
thank you  potus and  secpompeo for your leadership in bringing home our three americans held hostage in north korea 
i caught up with  ncwlife s  12th district  guest-host jon wyss on issues that are important to  wa04   we touched o…
rt  hunger  kicking off lobby day   congressmangt asks   are we ready to endhunger now    and says storming the hill is a good thing- need…
i voted to fund our military  chip & other vital gov t agencies - now my colleagues & i are calling on our senate c…
headed back to south jersey for community events  constituent meetings & speaking to egg harbor twp high school…
 20 trillion debt   subsidizing and encouraging people to live in harm s way = unacceptable  full statement →
i applaud the epa s decision to end  sue & settle    this abusive practice hurts farmers & small business owners 
   and the offshore issue which we will continue to fight to preserve and protect our coast     2/2 
first member of her family to graduate high school  first to go to college  and  likely  the first yazidi-american…
jerusalem is  has been  and always will be the capital of israel 
thx  commbovo  our community needs an accurate census count 
tyrrell & hyde counties  don t forget i m hosting a teletown hall tonight   6 30pm  to join  please call 888-480-36…
our pro-growth policies  such as regulatory reform and tax cuts  are working  our economy is booming  and it s offe…
rt  kcchambergov  hosting  kevinyoder 4 capitol hill update  he says small biz tax rates lowest in 80 years   kcchambergrow  ksleg
2017 georgia obamacare premiums to ⇧ by double-digits  obamacare is unaffordable  we need better way for patients 
rt  gazzolopaul  had the privilege of meeting us rep   tomcoleok04 w/ the leading librarians of oklahoma  thank you to chairman cole for yo…
fbl 3 7 2018 flood recovery  duplication of benefits  restore  via  youtube
i m proud to cosponsor the house-passed t a i l o r act  this bill will help small banks & credit unions serve their com…
i m very encouraged by the  whitehouse s infrastructure proposal as it relates to streamlining permitting processe…
  warnockbob thanks for your question  ask buddy
we are now considering h r  5202  ensuring patient access to substance use disorder treatments act find all bills…
spring forward  daylight savings time starts at 2am on sunday  make sure you set your clocks forward an hour 
i m pleased the collection of  overpayments  issued to camp pendleton s civilian police officers has been temporari…
this morning  i had the opportunity to sit with  bobcusack for a discussion on opioid treatment and recovery  thank…
 ldtc14  to begin shortly  watch from webcast 
  potus just signed the  ndaa  giving our servicemen and women their biggest pay raise in 8 years & also providing o…
our airmen at moody a f b & their families are an invaluable part of south ga & the local community s support of our…
my favorite part of tulip time is celebrating this pure michigan tradition with the family  it was wonderful to see…
house approved bill sponsored by  speakerryan reaffirming our commitment to nato s principle of collective defense 
 donnagcollier i m holding a town hall in salisbury next saturday - hope to see you there 
icymi- i m proud to have been successful in working with state and federal officials to ensure funding for the dred…
great visit to bibb county to speak at the chamber of commerce breakfast in brent   al06 
never forget the brave men and women who lost their lives 76 years ago today pearl harbor
meet my youth advisory group from this weekend  they are incredibly engaged students from  in05  & brought meaningfu…
today is national prescription drug take back day  safely dispose of any old or unused prescriptions at any of thes…
it was with great sadness that i learned today of the passing of former congressman joe knollenberg  our state and…
townhall meeting to be held tonight in angels camp at 6 00 p m  bret harte high school gym  364 murphys grade road
thank you  potus for the opportunity to discuss how we can establish fair and modern trade agreements that will lev…
what costs taxpayers  3 1 billion  we have to stop using taxpayer money to pick winners/losers in the energy industry
i m calling for quick action on the right to try act  so that each and every treatment option that could save a life…
rep  leonard lance address a crowd of about 200 of his 7th congressional district constituents at a town hall meeti…
icymi - the video from my conference call with your congressman is viewable online  📹
stopped by the capitol hill  dea take-back today  find a location near you for the nationwide event this saturday a…
this senseless government shutdown orchestrated by democrat senator schumer is a political game  they are deliberat…
ever wondered about balanced budget amendments to the constitution and what it would take to get one passed  quick…
 oldtiredfeminis chip has enough funds to continue operations until dec  we are voting on chip today 
rt  wcdailylocal  costello calls for passage of bill to shore up chip
today   repdianadegette and i sent a letter with further questions for equifax equifaxbreach
rt  peterroskam 
rt  congressmangt   farmbill  fact check  nutrition title includes 4 priorities put forth by ag democrat colleagues including  continue to…
rt  natresources  the navajo generating station also plays a crucial economic role – especially for native americans  yes to n g s
tune in tomorrow at 7 40am to hear me discuss zuckerberg  facebook  and misinformation on breitbart news daily
rt  thv11  hot springs unveils 100th new business after majestic fire
number of days since the house of representatives sent the senate all twelve appropriations bills funding the gover…
look forward to congratulating this year s south jersey high school seniors nominated to the us service academies &…
the recent nuclear posture review puts a focus on modernization & development  placing new mexico once again in a ce…
our next speaker is detective chris goergen   sls2018 
thanks for stopping by 
 otd  in 1958  eisenhower responded to sputnik with a christmas message from space  peace on earth  good will to men…
had a fun conversation with the 6th graders at waukee south middle school 
happy mother s day to my mom  my wife tara  my sisters and to all the other mothers in  fl17   thanks for all you do for us every day 
preparing for the start of an eagle scout court of honor in kersey elk county for brandon david anderson of troop…
rt  hascrepublicans  chrm  mactxpress on spending agreement -
be alert  follow skamania co  sheriff s advisories here re  wildfires in skamania co 
great to meet with representatives of the national association of letter carriers who were in town to speak about p…
rt  repkevinyoder  as jayhawks  we re pretty used to beating tigers  you re on   rcjh   kuhoops
tomorrow is your last chance to vote for the  cac2018  people s choice award   ar3 
on  cnn  we need more women in elective office and diversity on the ballot  our nation s strength is based on the a…
happy st patricks day  🍀
rt  lincolndbalart  rick scott nos hace recordar las palabras de martí  cuando hay muchos hombres sin decoro  hay hombres que tienen el dec…
with so much disagreement on daca and immigration reform  there is a bipartisan solution  which i worked to introdu…
stopped by collegetown bagels in ithaca today 
a winter wonderland in march  you can barely see the dome of the capitol today 
just announced  next thursday  the committee will hold a markup of pending legislation  details 
great to see friends in yuma this morning over a cup o  joe 
grateful to tour the naval surface warfare center dahlgren division last week  where i was briefed on the…
on this day in 1947  the first air-conditioned naval ship  uss newport news  was launched from newport news  va 
congress & wh need to get serious about border security to combat the meth epidemic mtpol
presidential highlights throughout history 
indeed  we must work to stop warrantless searches and surveillance on americans  release the memo
rt  repbost  fraudsters preying upon our nation s heroes for profit deserve to be punished to the full extent of the law  that s why the ho…
thanks to the perry behavioral health staff for the tour of clearview - an important resource in combatting the opi…
exciting news for jackson county as our country turns its focus to updating and investing in rural broadband →…
 the private sector can step up  when permitted  -rep graves on  acdc 
🚨tomorrow  we examine policies at the bureau of prisons intended to prepare inmates for release and the use of resi…
i was sent to congress to help fix washington s spending problem and restore fiscal responsibility so that our chil…
rt  irsnews  warn your loved ones  in recent years  many seniors have been victims of tax scams & fake  irs  communications 
on the floor today  my balanced budget amendment  h j res  2  a constitutional amendment requiring a balanced budge…
rt  byrontau  rep  tom rooney  r  fla     i do not think that it would look good for us to just — are you talking about shut the governmen…
i m so thankful for educators across the country who dedicate their lives to teaching america s children  happy…
as a matter of principle  global security agreements must be verifiable  enforceable  and accountable  the…
rt  transport   hr4  isn t all about aviation  it also contains the disaster recovery reform act  which will help our communities be better…
thank you to all of our friends in law enforcement who risk their lives daily to protect ours  national police week
appreciate the invite today to meet with the crew of the erickson s-64 aircrane helicopter that was deployed to our…
so pleased to hear of the release of 3 american prisoners from north korea this morning  their families and their c…
spoke with  _davemorris at  newsok yesterday  we discussed many issues including mavni  immigration  & debt ceiling 
rt  dancliftonstrat  by friday  90% of us workers will have higher take home pay from lower income taxes resulting in  120bn of income tax…
rt  hascrepublicans  hasc seapower & projection forces releases mark for  fy19ndaa   ndaa  - ensures our sailors  marines & airmen have the t…
congratulations to our eggstraordinary winner emily benitez from the boys and girls club yuma  it was great meeting…
currently seeking college students & recent graduates for summer 2018 internships in my washington office  head ove…
iran has proven to be an untrustworthy partner on the international stage and today s announcement reinforces our c…
 uswnt  is simply requesting what they have earned & deserve  equalpayforequalplay 
right now there are a record number of women in congress  what unites us is that we are all trailblazers giving wom…
rt  libertycaucus  vote alert  hlc statement on house amendment to senate amendment to  hr1370   continuing resolution until january 19  201…
video  an update on my work in washington & the year ahead  link 
will talk to  varneyco this morning at 8 45am central on  foxbusiness regarding  realdonaldtrump s tweet on  daca … 
rt  watersadvocacy    repbobgibbs  the 2015  wotus  rule was a  power-grab that hurt farmers  homebuilders  and encroached on private proper…
hearing from two former sec of homeland defense and the first commander of cyber command  gen keith alexander  who…
  sls2018  underway 
great to see  georgehwbush enjoying the last day of  rodeohouston 
rt  housegop  the lives of everyday american families are changed with the tax cutsand jobs act because it  ✔ expands the child tax credit fr…
just voted for st  tammany s very own bailor in the doodle4 google challenge  show your support for this talented m…
judges 2 2 and as for you  you shall make no covenant with the inhabitants of this land  you shall tear down their…
today i welcomed 160 veterans from alabama at the national world war ii memorial  every year alabama veterans arriv…
tonight  the house will pass the end banking for human traffickers act to combat money laundering related to human trafficking 
happy that my office was able to provide 75 new books for  vdmesmakos school library in san clemente  📚📖 we must he…
rt  deptofdefense  on this date  76 years ago  japan surprised the world with a sneak attack on pearl harbor  we remember the heroes of th…
president fdr rallied a nation when he was tasked w/ consoling the rest of the country the following day 
my thoughts and prayers are with the kilpatrick family  as promised  i will continue to honor lonnie s last request…
icymi  tomorrow  i ll be speaking with constituents in the 19th district for a live  interactive meeting  we ll dis…
visit my site for info on military academy nominations
rt  housegop  you ve heard about 4 million workers getting  4 billion in bonuses  but have you heard about the 40 states where utility bill…
op-ed  california s high-speed gravy train is running on empty
it was good to visit with chilton county mayors  commissioners  law enforcement  and other elected officials in jem…
i pray for our men and women in uniform  and their british and french counterparts  as they carry out this morally…
rt  housecommerce  full cmte advanced 32 bills at markup today  25 of which are aimed at combating the opioid crisis &gt &gt 
rt  sierra_nf  madera sheriff mandatory evacuation order is being issued for the cedar valley subdivision due to the railroad fire
bipartisan legislation introduced to aid recovery of breast cancer patients  politics
thankful for an incredible supreme court pick last year in justice neil gorsuch   sotu 
i hope everyone has a happy and safe st patricks day 
wishing a very happy 110th birthday to the  usarmyreserve  thank you to all our men and women in uniform for your d…
my statement on  speakerryan s decision to retire from congress 
from our local police depts  throughout maine to the officers of the capitol police down in washington  thank you t…
need information and resources before today s house floor action on the nuclear waste policy amendments act  we go…
in case you missed  househomeland s april terror threat snapshot ↓
rt  migov  to celebrate michigan s birthday  watch this video to see what residents and travelers love about  puremichigan 
tune in 
thanks   govmattbevin  i m ready to get to work for kentuckians 
congressman griffith this morning in pulaski for phoenix packaging s job expansion announcement 
rt  r5_fire_news  railroad fire  sierra_nf 200 acres  inciweb
today s announcement that  realdonaldtrump and  secpompeo have secured the release of three north korean prisoners…
illinois is celebrating national school choice week - encouraged to see all the events around illinois this week and…
it was so heartwarming to see  stevescalise walk into the whip team meeting monday afternoon just days after his re…
gas prices last night vs  this morning in our district  thanks to the dems &  jerrybrowngov s gas tax hike  taking…
 this budget sets up the mechanism for reconciliation that will allow tax reform    1360kktx
rt  washingtonpost  the fact checker  senate democrats falsely claim gop tax plan will raise taxes for most working-class families
rt  secretaryacosta  manufacturing is coming back under  potus  in february  there were 380 000 new hires  last month  orders for manufactu…
tax reform is raising smallbiz optimism in michigan with increased economic and job growth on the horizon …
rt  househomeland  merry christmas to our law enforcement and first responders across the country working today and every day to keep us sa…
it was devastating to see the aftermath of sunday s storms in the elon area of amherst county  i m thankful everyon…
rt  amwa_water  hearing from  repbobgibbs about pending water legislation at  2018wpc  
had a great opportunity to meet w/ members of the lymphedema advocacy group  who shared their personal stories abou…
following the events in florida  last week  i signed onto a letter that would request immediate consideration of t…
today is a loss for rochester and monroe county  our condolences are with her family  friends and staff on this difficult day 
 houseadmngop to markup regulations for house  stem  competition today at 11 30 a m  watch live
 mctrendystache  hrintuitive right  i have been governing since my 7 yrs in reagan white house and in my many years in congress since 
  replukemesser  college completion must be top priority for lawmakers & higher ed administrators  millennials g o p future
today   housegop fulfilled a promise to simplify our tax code  lighten the tax burden on all americans  especially…
congratulations   armathsciarts  your students are well educated in the stock market and will no doubt be successfu…
this thursday  april 26 at 6 30pm ct  i will host a live conversation that you can join on the phone or online  my…
welcome home pratt family  what a joy to be there as clark and floyd county habitat for humanity cut the ribbon on…
i m chairing the tactical air & land forces  fy19ndaa  markup  you can watch live here 
 the iran nuclear deal was a disastrous agreement that put the united states  security  the stability of the middle…
rt  repcloakroom  we have begun 10 minutes of debate on the rep  benishek  r-mi  { congressmandan} amendment no  1
once again  the democrats in the house have demonstrated that they care more about political games than actually go…
did you miss rep   justinamash s chat with  yaliberty about the 4th amendment and privacy rights  watch it here 
sw wa regional transportation council is meeting tomorrow & their agenda shows they still have no plans to weigh in…
i was not on the train this morning  but please keep those injured in your thoughts and prayers 
great news for  va06    fmbankva recently announced bonuses for its employees and has awarded  250 000 to local comm…
congratulations on the passage of the survivors  bill of rights act  repmimiwalters  i was proud to support it 
some highlights from today s  househomeland hearing with  secnielsen  📸
as wildfires burn in skamania  i know folks are having to evacuate  i am praying for and standing ready to help those in harm s way 
glad to see my good friend  repmarcykaptur recognized on the house floor for becoming the longest serving woman in…
i m pleased that  natlparkservice listened to  repsinema and i and backed off more drastic fee increases  this is t…
 potus has selected an excellent  highly-qualified candidate for secretary of  hhsgov who hails from md s eastern s…
as  interior continues to restructure itself to make government more responsive to the people it serves …
just last week  we were able to get language into a bill that should matter to all of us as taxpayers and   
met w/ nevada reps today from  acscan to discuss cancer research & prevention programs  thanks for stopping by 
great speaking with you this morning 
confidential informant will testify  let s get the truth  game on  uranium one
icymi  house  gopleader lauds tax cuts story by  lockwoodfrank  arkansasonline ar4 arpx arnews
  taxreformer breaks down how tax cuts are working in our  tn06  communities →
at  unitedccchamber state of the city lunch with mayor joe mccomb
rt  uspto  happening now  swearing in ceremony for  uspto  director andrei iancu  watch on facebook live 
3  with these rescissions   500 million extra remains in the chip contingency fund--in the last decade combined   3…
i spoke this morning with leaders of metropolitan water agencies about how my bill  the water infrastructure financ…
rt  benpershing    republicanstudy calls for standalone vote on goodlatte immigration bill  adds   we oppose any process for a daca solutio…
rt  edfhealth    repsanfordsc – us congressman from south carolina – has called on the epa to take action on methylene chloride to better p…
cncs has failed to consistently hold bad actors in its organization accountable  which has resulted in widespread v…
wishing the best to all those celebrating on this first night of hanukkah  may your holiday be filled with hope and…
i ll be on the neal larson show  kid 590  at 8 30 am mt to talk immigration  taxreform & other news of the day  t…
 johndingell thank you for the kind wishes  hope to see you soon my friend  go blue
always great to join smallbiz owners - they re the backbone of our economy 
the confirmation of my friend and former colleague mike pompeo as secretary of state is great news for all hoosiers…
great to meet w/  mdjonline yesterday  always a productive discussion about our work in congress & in  ga06  
hope everyone had a good palm sunday  here s where you can find me tomorrow   
guide to grants seminar today was a home run  a big thank you to all the presenters & participants for making it so…
thanks for supporting the g r o w act  repdevinnunes 
major infrastructure projects can too easily get bogged down in bureaucracy  reforms to the permitting process for…
rt  hhsgov  help educate women about endometriosis symptoms during endometriosis awareness month  join the  know endometriosis symptoms  t…
i want to commend the law enforcement officers who made  operation heading back  a tremendous success we should all…
i am pleased that the u s  senate has stopped playing political games and voted to end this needless government shu…
i m thrilled to be joined by pinal county sheriff mark lamb at the  westerncaucus az roundtable  thanks for letting…
today  u s  house will pass key legislation to fix the flood insurance program  nearly 40% of all flood insurance…
 infrastructure improvements are critical to the future economic strength of our nation  but higher taxes are not t…
last week i went back to the  greenecountyoh jail to provide an update on t r e a tact  a bill born from a problem bro…
this morning  i met with  gopdoccaucus to discuss advancing patient-centered healthcare reforms 
default prevention act introduced this week  debt
icymi  great read in  duluthnews –  both sides agree  protect environment -- good jobs  pristine nature can coexist 
check out my latest weekly email newsletter below  where i discuss our last tax day under the old tax code  never a…
met nearly 100 veterans from eastern iowa at the world war ii memorial this morning  i will always advocate for our…
i toured the west valley demonstration project to get an up-close view of the ongoing progress at the site  we are…
millions of americans across the country are now reaping the benefits of tax reform in the form of higher paychecks…
passed → the house just passed the tax cuts and jobs act  it has been more than 30 years without any reforms to o…
rt  housecommerce  later today  the house will vote on right to try legislation  which will improve access to experimental treatments for pa…
the hearing on hr 806 - ozone standards implementation act is starting now  watch live here 
rt  speakerryan  to the men and women around the country who work in this government  the military  and law enforcement  thank you for your…
great news for alabama and the river region  i m pleased the 187th fighter wing was chosen to receive a squadron of…
rt  speakerryan  45 years ago this week  sam johnson came home after 7 years as a pow at the hanoi hilton  for sam and all our pows  americ…
i am relieved that the navy has rejected the application of an atheist chaplain for their chaplain corps  appointin…
live now  the  houseagnews just began the markup process for the 2018 farm bill  tune in 
i was on  afrnet s washington watch program yesterday speaking with  tperkins  president of the  frcdc  i gave tony…
thank you to nicole from autism speaks for meeting with my staff recently while i was in d c  i m proud to have sup…
raul castro remains head of the sole  legal  party and the armed forces  his son-in-law remains head of the economy…
it is good to see the conservative movement is stronger than ever at  cpac this year 
the united states hardball tactics  such as declaring the murderous regime a state sponsor of terrorism and intense…
watch m o07 s very own john twitty testify during today s  housecommerce sub energy hearing examining the state of…
attention wisconsin vets  sean lybert  our hudson office s veterans outreach specialist  is available monday  april…
do you know a high school student who is considering attending a service academy  there is an informational semina…
rt  repseanduffy    cnbc   consumer confidence at 128 7 in april  vs 126 reading expected 
on this day  i pray for the countless families and communities that are still grief stricken and i pray for the con…
stopped and dropped off books at washington elementary school in kingsburg this morning  📚
we held a hearing today to examine the current datasecurity and breach notification regulatory regime and identify…
rt  nelitajo  thank you william barnes from  repmullin  s office for visiting with me this morning about the  bold  infrastructure act and m…
rt  alexrosshdn  upcoming visits to havre by mt pols  tuesday   repryanzinke wednesday  sen   stevedaines aug 16   ltgovmikecooney aug 23…
rt  edworkforce  people like kristie had to halt their business growth plans because of the joint employer threat  they re calling on congr…
nj  ny & mn terrorist attacks = sobering reminder that we must stay vigilant to defeat radical islamic terrorism ⟶
wonderful meeting this morning with advocates from the  cf_foundation  hearing their children s personal stories is…
rt  repkenmarchant  passed  the most comprehensive overhaul of the  irs  in 20 years  ✅tax payer first act  hr5444  ✅21st century irs act  …
 4 billion  and counting  in bonuses have been given to hard working americans all across the country because of ta…
live  we are taking your questions from moderator  joethomaswchv live on  wchvnews 107 5fm/1260am until 9 00 p m  d…
tomorrow at 10am et  semi-annual testimony on the  federalreserve s supervision and regulation of the financial sys…
great to see that  interior is sending texas our fair share of revenue from offshore energy in federal waters  than…
rt  aug_cyber  in case you missed it -  congressmanhice visited the  gacybercenter yesterday  check out the story below to learn more about…
have you followed me on instagram yet  follow me now and don t miss a thing &gt &gt &gt 
this is great news for these 3 americans  families and loved ones  thank you to  realdonaldtrump and  secpompeo for…
according to a new report -  small business employees saw their wages grow last month at the strongest rate in more…
proud to have a voice in the newly formed  bipartisan nasa caucus with  steveknight25 and  repmarcykaptur
banking regulators should have regular updates on the overall health of financial institutions  but not to the poin…
good luck to mr  monoski and his students from the montgomery area school on participating in the 14th annual-capit…
tomorrow is the state of the union  members of the house and senate  their guests  the cabinet  and the supreme cou…
release  house bills help local arkansas banks  westerman says after voting for passage ar4 arpx arnews nwanews
 belindajon france was refueling stop on way back from anti-terrorist strategizing in egypt  yes  important
chairman  mactxpress - in the mean time  we have to be militarily strong     foxnewssunday
rt  moagriculture  today is national ag day  right in the heart of national ag week  to celebrate appropriately  we want to honor the people…
rt  cahepatitisc  thank you  repjeffdenham s &  repdavidvaladao s staff for great discussion about the importance of medicare part d & par…
the iran deal was a bad move from the start  and one that i opposed  i support president trump s decision to exit t…
proud to know the  300 million requested for the great lakes for fiscal year 2018 will be secured in the budget dea…
there are two town halls coming up this thursday  looking forward to seeing you there  tx11 
 let s invest in our national parks  support alaska s economy 
 al06   i m live right now with  mattmurphyshow &  aunielindenberg having a radio town hall on  realtalk995 
 ca10  residents  join me for a live telephone town hall on wednesday to discuss tax reform  call-in details below 
here is last week s e-newsletter  which covered everything from our push to save alabama s rural hospitals to the i…
  jdelezen it was great to see you and your students yesterday 
south dakota is home to some pretty incredible national parks and monuments  grateful to drew for coming in today t…
i appreciate  epascottpruitt s decision to scrap the obama administration s last-minute financial requirements for…
when it comes to the agriculture industry idaho is no small potatoes  ranking in the top 10 in the nation for 26 d…
rt  riponsociety  from the advance  bipartisan  one-stop shopping  mortgage bill authored by  rephuizenga passes house -
rt  repmikerogersal   as the only member of the  houseagnews from the great state of alabama   i work hard 2 make sure i represent the nee…
busy weekend this past weekend  i spoke to a us government class at seymour high school  gave morristown kiwanis cl…
icymi  check out this clip of my interview w/  squawkcnbc  joesquawk  beckyquick  andrewrsorkin yesterday  we dug i…
t x23 s 8 nationalparks provide immeasurable environmental  cultural & economic benefits for south & west texas  t…
  gopleader s h r  5509  the innovations in mentoring  training  and apprenticeship act  has been unanimously approved by  housescience
rt  librarycongress  papers of civil rights icon rosa parks are available online today at the library s website htt…
  whitehouse issues support for 2018 farm bill  the administration believes that work reforms like those in h r  2…
enjoyed touring avox systems in lancaster today  great to see hundreds of hardworking men and women making products…
f o s t a s strong reforms will allow state and local prosecutors to vigorously enforce the law against some of the wo…
rt  nfib  reports of improved earnings reached highest levels in the 45-year history of  nfib s optimism index  read more here 
🚨 tomorrow  november 30  2017  is the last day for texans affected by hurricane harvey to register for federal assi…
numbers 6 24-26 the lord bless you and keep you  the lord make his face to shine upon you  and be gracious to you …
rt  housejudiciary  r e v i e wact sponsored by  reptommarino is a common sense measure that requires evaluation for new executive regulations…
scotus oral arguments for the fl v  ga water wars case just finished up  the court should send this case back to th…
icymi  the house recently passed the faa reauthorization act  which included legislation i cosponsored to expand op…
breaking the promise - puerto rico  promesa  legislation - serious implications for every taxpayer in the country
pleasure to join berrien county superintendents this am at the berrien resa office for a productive discussion on i…
rt  nebraskachamber  the chamber is taking part in this morning s nebraska breakfast on capitol hill 
rt  whitehouse  president trump kept his promise by recognizing jerusalem as israel s capital and opening  usembassyjlm 
this saturday is national prescription drug take back day with drop off locations across  mi07   more details here …
on this day in history 1945 - president truman announced the surrender of japan  wwii was over  v j day
there is a time to come and a time to go  this is the right time  for me  to leave politics and return to the justi…
happy birthday to one of our founding fathers and america s first president   the constitution is the guide which…
rt  abcpolitics  rep  steve scalise embraced by colleagues after being honored in pres  trump s state of the union address 
rt  repstevechabot  as chairman of  housesmallbiz  i hear the stories of hardworking americans who wake up at the crack of dawn and sacrifi…
do you need help with a federal agency  if you can t get an answer from a federal agency in a timely fashion  our o…
today is national prescription drug take back day which aims to provide a safe  convenient  and responsible way of…
more than 200 000 children enter the foster care system every year  national foster care month is celebrated in may…
rt  justinamash  worse yet  congress is passing this cr to buy time to negotiate another increase in the spending caps  when will republica…
on this day we recognize the life and accomplishments of president george washington and president abraham lincoln …
rt  stevescalise  we re working to pass  repgoodlatte &  repmccaul s bill to secure the border  end chain migration  end the visa lottery s…
our taxreform plan offers  ✅ more jobs ✅ fairer taxes ✅ bigger paychecks see for yourself 👉🏻
  realdonaldtrump is right  congress should repeal the obamacare individual mandate tax/penalty as part of tax reform 
i visited the employees of the sierra nevada completions where they refit and refurbish aircraft  they re doing imp…
under secretary ibach is committed to making sure our dairy farmers have the resources they need and is fighting fo…
we must stand with israel  our strongest democratic ally in the middle east  stand with israel
this morning  i watched the first of 350  f/a-18 super hornets return to  boeingdefense in  stl   the new line launc…
rt  housecommerce   repmckinley  facebook   repmckinley displayed an ad for opioids that is still up on facebook today  asking mark zucker…
the deal made no mention of iran s ballistic missiles program and their human rights abuses  it ultimately allows i…
big thanks to everyone from the eastern part of the district who participated in my tele-townhall  enjoyed all of y…
rt  realdonaldtrump  i urge all americans to participate in takebackday tomorrow  let s come together and beat last october s record of di…
rt  hmmanufacturing  thank you  rephultgren  tax cuts work
happy veterans day  i hope that you take a moment today to reflect on the sacrifices made by our troops & their fam…
 oldtiredfeminis pasco received the designation for fema individual assistance today
cno has projected the 355ship navy vision  secnav provided an excellent acquisition strategy  and the industrial b…
to commemorate world wildlife day i teamed up with 3 other house committee chairmen to pen an op-ed in support of th…
  hurdonthehill  and for that sacrifice we should honor our promise to provide them with world class health care  b…
icymi  i joined good morning cincinnati    local12   to talk about what s ahead of us in 2018 →
i m not calling for armed conflict with iran  what i am calling for is a sober and realistic assessment of the thre…
today is mps awareness day  and i d like to thank my good friend scotty whitecotton for bringing this issue to my a…
really fun and good discussion with the kids at columbus high  go discoverers  columbus discoverers  discovererway
praying for mrs  bush and her family  mrs  bush is a strong woman of faith  and i wish her comfort and peace 
this bipartisan bill to reform dodd frank is a good start  but very soon  the house  financialcmte will add its v…
fbi agent bryan drake of south lyon was honored in d c  for his instrumental role in take-down of dr  farid fata
rt  humbleisd  thank you congressman poe for honoring law enforcement with a touching national police week ceremony in humble this morning …
add technology issues to the growing list of problems at the irs  tax day
happy birthday to my good friend and colleague  reptomemmer  thanks for your great work on behalf of our state  mn02
from haleyville to washington  jasper to cullman and tuscumbia to gadsden  it s an honor to serve you in congress …
there is never a singular solution to social issues but  calea_org provides strategy for public safety agencies l e task force
rt  reptomreed  i stand with our men and women in blue and thank them for all that they do and the sacrifices they make to ensure our commu…
rt  byronyork    repmarkmeadows suspects james comey might have misled congress  he has some questions for the fired fbi director   and one…
awesome visit to the great lakes coca-cola facility in paw paw today - they employ around 400 local folks & it was…
  repmarkmeadows  this is staggering 
a witness from the  michigandnr will be providing testimony on the importance and need for a comprehensive manageme…
last night  i arrived in lima  peru for the 8th summit of the americas  i will be meeting with western hemisphere lea…
thanks again for having me  and for everything that  upmc does 
on thursday  i joined  specnewsclt to talk about the progress  housegop has made in our efforts to provide all amer…
more than four million americans have received bonuses & 9 in 10 americans are seeing more money in their paychecks…
rt  unitedwaymiami  did you hear    waysandmeansgop  waysmeanscmte passed bill to permanently authorize  vita  free tax prep  thank you  repc…
in texas  more than 400 000 children are counting on chip for their medical coverage  the chip funding bill needs 6…
rt  sharedhope  thanks to  gopleader  kevinomccarthy  repannwagner  repmimiwalters  repmaloney for your leadership on  fosta   sesta  
thank you for having me 
in case you missed it  here is a link to my facebook live with  libnofcongress 
rt  nbc29  congressman goodlatte announced 2018 congressional art competition for high school students in the 6th congressional district is…
want to stay up to date with the work i am doing for east tennesseans  if so  sign up for my newsletter today …
watch chairman shuster s opening statement from yesterday s hearing on long-term funding for highway and transit pr…
rt  repkevinyoder  cherry blossoms in full bloom today  one of my favorite traditions in dc each year
rt  speakerryan  great news→ the house just passed an overwhelmingly bipartisan  comprehensive overhaul of the irs  this restoration of ove…
looking forward to speaking with  harrisfaulkner on  outnumberedfnc today at 1 03et/11 03mt about the…
rt  housecommerce  sub health has reconvened today s markup of 60  bipartisan legislative solutions to help combat the opioidcrisis &gt &gt  htt…
thanks to those who attended my veterans workshop this weekend  more importantly  thank you for your service - it s…
rt  _mealsonwheels  thank you  conawaytx11 for delivering mealson wheels & for your leadership as  houseagnews chairman 
officer sean gannon with  yarmouthpolice in massachusetts was shot and killed today while assisting with a warrant…
rt  reprichhudson  the  washingtonpost just gave  nancypelosi 3 pinocchios for her claim the  housegop is  inviting violent criminals to ca…
rt  tmj4  live now   repseanduffy joins  charlesbenson4 at our digital media center for  coffee with a congressman  
invite  hope you can join me at my next connect event on may 1st from 5-6 30pm at the  noblesvillein city hall wher…
wishing everyone a very happy mother s day 
due to weather forecasts in south jersey  my mays landing office will be closing at 2 30pm  my washington office re…
i m headed back to washington this week but my staff will be hosting satellite office hours across the district thi…
had an awesome visit of the  lockheedmartin facility in troy this afternoon  i am so proud that we have alabamians…
kelly and i are enjoying all the fun at the 176th st  patrick s day parade in cleveland  for an irish-american  the…
my statement after meeting with  realdonaldtrump at the white house this morning on trade issues can be found here …
rt  aggiesoftball  aggies selected to host ncaa regional as no  15 national seed 12th man
icymi  my weekly newsletter  utpol
reminder  tomorrow  the economic development subcommittee will hold a roundtable on the federal real property datab…
  treyevans71 thanks for your question  ask buddy
aplaudo a  vp y admin por nuevas sanciones contra 3 oficiales del régimen d maduro y 20 compañías conectadas por s…
george washington was sworn in as the first president of the united states  otd  in 1789 
truly amazing  award-winning artists  mwilsonsupreme and darlene love are here on the hill to press for passage of…
ditto 
  originbank does a tremendous job  as evidenced by their continued expansion into new markets  becoming a publicly…
great having folks from north dakota in washington  d c  for the national prayer breakfast 
view my newsletter recapping last week in washington and north dakota here →
 feroxstrategies  chci  thechli thanks cristina  
glad to have you on 
rt  congressionalac  congrats again to the  congressionalac winner from minnesota 🎉📱these young tech innovators are changing our 🌎 one app…
 tlinef1 🤦🏻‍♂️ i didn t vote for the republican version of the aca 
chairwoman granger  a state of military un-readiness  how budget caps threaten national security via defensenews
rt  housecommerce  subhealth has reconvened today s markup of 60  bipartisan bills to help combat the opioidcrisis – read more about toda…
rt  pd_schools  congressman adrian smith met with 3-12 potter dix students 
thank you to my friend   speakerryan 
rt  doe_sc_nsb  congrats to gatton academy of mathematics and science  bowling green  ky  – they won 1st place at their regional science bo…
great meeting with dr  david sutton former professor of political science  appstate this sunday 
thanks to a  usda investment  three rivers electric cooperative will be able to make critical improvements to the e…
rt  housegop  right to try  1  creates a new pathway for patients who don t qualify for a clinical trial  2  establishes a robust informed c…
great meeting with  laraleatrump this morning to discuss animal welfare and the  pets for vets  program  which pair…
thank you joy cooper  mayor of  myhbeach repping  usmayors for support of my integrated planning bill today at  transport hearing  1/2
  farenthold  today s hearing will explore the problems and inefficiencies with these permitting processes 
highlands  to report downed power lines call 863-385-1112 
the time for pro-growth tax-reform is now  as negotiations move forward on finalizing the tax cuts and jobs act  co…
congratulations to  teamusa for your exceptional work at the pyeong chang2018 winter olympics  and a special shout…
we had another fun and encouraging common grounds this week  breaking bread  donuts  and drink  coffee  with…
organizations like  iadhoosiers do incredible work to break down barriers for the indiana deaf community  thanks fo…
thanks to all who came out to neighborhood office hours in bluffton and beaufort earlier today  here s where you ca…
the american people count on the department of defense and civilian agencies to provide accurate information regard…
the bill includes  1 6 billion for physical barriers along the southwest border—in line with the administration s r…
we must keep the pressure on nk as the president continues to send shockwaves through the regimes of murderous dict…
thanks barbara for being a fabulous moderator and inspiring some great conversations  i have retold multiple women…
forever grateful to the men & women in uniform who ve selflessly served & sacrificed to protect our great nation…
rt  aapd   assisted suicide laws are creating a  duty-to-die  medical culture  - aapd president and ceo helena berger featured in  thehill…
islamic terrorist are teaming up with violent drug lords in south america  while their collaboration has intentio…
rt  conversations  today at noon   cwc115   live on facebook  featuring  jim_jordan  repmarkmeadows  warrendavidson…
  iwbreeder thanks for your question about taxes  for more info visit
while we may have different views on how to solve the problem  not talking about it won t make it go away…
rt  wrhi  congressman  repralphnorman stops by the station 
deuteronomy 28 46 all these curses will come on you  they will pursue you and overtake you until you are destroyed …
speaking on house floor to support  repwesterman s h r  2936  resilient federal forests act  to address threat of wildfires  wa04 
talking with channel 13 news after president trump s address to congress in statuary hall joint address
i joined  cspanwj this morning and was asked about direct benefits we are experiencing from taxreform  the list go…
rt  financialcmte  icymi  will the house s  must haves  make it into financial reform  - oped via  forbes  link 
my washington  d c  and district offices are now accepting internship applications for this summer  to be considere…
thank you to the  ifda for naming me a 2018 thomas jefferson award recipient  the u s  foodservice distribution ind…
more good news  since the tax cuts became law  -the economy is growing -unemployment is at the lowest level since 1…
my second stop in lancaster county today was a great success  thank you to all of the great employees at the home d…
the american economy is growing  wages are increasing  and unemployment in southern california is at a historic low 
rt  reprwilliams  just now  i voted in favor of my  financialcmte colleague   repandybarr s bill   hr3326   the world bank accountability ac…
millions of americans are benefiting from more jobs  higher wages  bonuses  improved benefits  and from keeping mor…
rt  housegop  good news → because of their savings from the tax cutsand jobs act   kroger is hiring 11 000 employees in their stores all over…
rt  cal_fire  cal fire is assisting the  sierra_nf at mission dr & italian bar rd north fork  madera co  mission fire is 650 acres
great game  congrats to the super bowl champions  fly eagles fly
thanks to the tax cuts and jobs act  companies in indiana & across the country are providing new benefits to their emp…
 snap  recipients deserve opportunities now  by the time the 2018 farm b ill work requirements take effect – all the p…
house passes bill to designate cocoa beach post office the  richard k  salick post office  http //t co/4sehrvcoqn
i had a productive meeting with folks from the iowa beer wholesalers association  we talked about the benefits of t…
i was privileged to host members of the  ymca from across pennsylvania during the organization s recent national ad…
today  i sent a letter to  hudgov about the deplorable living conditions at bliss towers in hudson   hudgov needs t…
tax reform means bigger paychecks and more money in your wallet 
rt  fhwcoalition   women everywhere face a hard decision  make the journey to find water or prioritize their safety  lack of clean water is…
  secretaryzinke is right  we must have active management to maintain and promote healthy forests 
pleased to see bipartisan legislation combatting online sex trafficking headed to the president s desk  just yester…
rt  repdesantis  the wrangling with doj & rosenstein has gone on for too long  i ve joined my colleagues to ask the president to declassify…
i agree w/ my colleagues—congress needs to act  the house did its part & even included an idea i wrote with…
scammers are targeting midamerican energy customers who are receiving calls demanding immediate payment to midameri…
with 104 000 hoosier children and more than 9 million across the nation dependent on schip  reauthorizing this impo…
 potus signed spending bill that increases funding for our military and war fighters  thanks to  realdonaldtrump fo…
gracias  michaelgongora kristen rosen gonzalez    miamibeachnews  it s a thrill to represent one of so fla s most ha…
rep  costello presents service medals to area family
🚨 the house is voting on final passage of the  nwpaa  now  📺 --&gt 
the firing of andrew mccabe is a rare example of someone being held accountable in washington  i hope the ig issue…
i have been working w/my friends at  ntmwd for years to begin construction on the lower bois d arc creek  i was del…
rt  realdanstoller    randpaul says there needs to be more oversight of intel community  not less  fisa shouldn t be used for domestic crim…
rt  timesofsandiego  san diego s  darrellissa a  no  vote again on tax reform bill because it doesn t help california
yesterday deputy casey shoemate lost his life in a devastating crash on his way to respond to a 9-1-1 call  my thou…
rt  hascrepublicans  live  cyber operations today  preparing for 21st century challgnes in an information-enabled society - hasc hearing l…
america isn t as divided as the pundits on tv might lead you to believe  thank you  heathermizeur for hosting me on…
today  the house brings early 20th century music laws for the analog era into the 21st century digital era  watch m…
 tax cutsand jobs act has allowed many hardworking people  including many here in hialeah to keep more of their paychecks   - mariodb
rt  repmccaul    speakerryan has been a principled conservative since he first arrived to washington as a staffer  over his twenty years of…
it was an honor to congratulate the three rivers battalion  armyrotc cadets at their contracting ceremony  after gr…
the context surrounding the f i s amemo is really straightforward 
happy thanksgiving 
happening now  i m participating in a  househomeland field hearing on the lessons learned from harvey and the path…
my staff met with north royalton officer jon karl & amy kunitz of the partnership for a healthy north royalton  pnh…
happy 240th birthday to the  usnavy 
great morning at tunnel to towers 9/11 run thru battery tunnel to wtc  30 000 runners from all over world  god bless america 
congratulations and good luck to jackson s holbrook little league team as they face the fairfield americans at 3 pm today  llws 
if you read one thing today    make it this  pearl harbor day
today s  housecommerce hearing with mark zuckerberg has certainly raised the consciousness of the american people a…
today is the last time you will file your taxes using the old tax code  while we are already seeing the benefits of…
rt  hellowoodlands   eoc2018   repkevinbrady takes the stage during economic outlook conference by  chamberchatting at  mhwoodlands
 washingtonpost  chicagotribune   latimes editorial board   there s no great answer for nuclear waste  but almost a…
rt  fairmontstate  thanks to congressman mckinley   repmckinley  for visiting with our engineering students this morning  we greatly apprec…
rt  hurdonthehill  no one wants to hear about another hack  especially one that undermines our democracy  tune in at 2pm est to see my it…
i stopped by  crwashwarriors to congratulate caleb kleman on his acceptance to  westpoint_usma   caleb is an exempl…
though we may come from a variety of faiths  we can come together to celebrate the importance of this freedom  the…
today i welcomed our  ny21  congressional app challenge winner collin bolles of saratoga springs to washington  d c …
help for victims of the lilac fire is on the way → today we approved  81 billion in disaster relief  including aid…
i m thrilled to announce i will be hosting three town halls in the upcoming months  check out my video for details…
i agree with  randpaul &  senmikelee  i will vote against any spending bill that includes a reauthorization of sect…
also not disclosed to fisa ct  yahoo story s source was also chris steele  bruce ohr s wife worked for fusion gps …
the drive-safe act addresses the driver shortage and increases job opportunities for hoosiers →…
i had a great time meeting with columbia high school s jrotc cadets in washington yesterday  these young cadets  de…
was a pleasure to have my friend & colleague  repmoolenaar as a guest for the latest episode of  cole on congress  
rt  foxnews  tune in   tgowdysc joins  marthamaccallum on  thestoryfnc tonight at 7p et on fox news channel 
president cites successes of auto manufacturers back in the usa  d s can t even applaud that    sad   bumps on logs
grateful to  stopopioidod for their support of the results act  we must ensure that those fighting addiction receiv…
looking forward to reviewing  potus s rescissions package  a proposal to cut  15 4 billion in wasteful spending  i …
rt  ivankatrump  congratulations  senrobportman  senblumenthal  repannwagner &  repmimiwalters on the passing of the bipartisan  fosta- ses… 
rt  austinscottga08  did you check your check  starting in february  your paycheck may have seen a boost thanks to the tax cutsand jobs act  i…
what an incredible experience  today i returned from my 7th trip to afghanistan where i visited w/ u s  soldiers &…
may is military appreciation month  from this former navy pilot  thank you to all of our men and women in uniform fo…
rt  whitneypipkin  blueberry throwdown between  chelliepingree and  repnewhouse    my vote is with  hbottemiller for wa state berries  foo…
the 2018 farm bill makes a significant investment in rural infrastructure  specifically broadband  our legislation…
rt  missionfirsthg  thank you  repryancostello for visiting the whitehall apts and our veteran residents 
getting ready to go live with  erinburnett on  outfrontcnn in a few  tune in 
as a former school teacher  i m thrilled to hear that  verizon will donate  400 million to stem education over the…
rt  deptvetaffairs  today is national vietnam war veterans day  take a moment today to say thank you to a veteran who served during the con…
congratulations to  seafordhspride football team and coach rob perpall on winning the nassau county championship 
so to be clear  my op-ed isn t wrong as you state  it s actually correct as long as we put in the guardrails we ve…
rt  idot_illinois  crossing guard appreciation day  please share with us an an exceptional crossing guard in your community    or a memory…
 prlatina44  repwebster  repdennisross vanessa  help is on the way  check out my fb page for an update on federal support to puerto rico 
what a tremendous story 
rt  visitthecapitol  otd in 1895  abolitionist frederick douglass died  learn more about him w/ our new video series  a capitol moment  htt…
i want to thank u s  capitol police for apprehending the shooter this morning  i have always known them to be heroic & they proved it today 
congratulations  go gamecocks
proud to lead the bipartisan effort to continue funding for cdmrp w  reppeteking   daveloebsack  &  sanfordbishop
read the latest on the newest bill concerning red snapper season →
 i know in my heart that man is good  that what is right will always eventually triumph  and there s purpose and wo…
  robert_aderholt  the trade and foreign agricultural affairs mission area receives  1 9 billion to promote us agri…
on national day of prayer my prayers are with the nine airmen killed in yesterday s wc-130 plane crash outside savann…
when people travel state to state  the short non-emergency   people call to report an instance deserving of attenti…
as the world solemnly pauses on holocaust remembrance day to reflect on the lives lost  we must focus our efforts on…
great to see so many  housedemocrats colleagues working to protect honduras  tps   but encourage them to also suppor…
happy 106th birthday to the  girlscouts  i wish you many more years of building girls of courage  confidence  and c…
tune in at 10 am - live here   fy19ndaa   ndaa  markup is here
the great gift of easter is the hope we are given through the resurrection  from my family to yours  happy easter 
proud to continue my work leveling the playing field for enc shark fishermen & join  repwebster  s sustainable sha…
introduced legislation this morning to help create jobs for young truck drivers  the drive-safe act  creating jobs…
the committee will meet at 9 pm tonight on the senate amendment to h r 601 
happening now   houseforeign hearing discussing opportunities for u s  investment and trade while protecting u s …
today i introduced legislation with  joaquincastrotx to protect our foreign service officers  every day they work i…
this is welcome news for the many houses of worship badly damaged from harvey  having seen firsthand tears & pain…
passed the house → the expanding investment opportunities act  which i introduced to cut costs and promote job crea…
 paylab1224  markbadgett7  tweettruth2me  cr  chriscpandolfo i voted against the bill
some great news showing that america s economy is on the rise  last week  the number of americans filing for unempl…
jogging this morning in  dc   i came across our nation s flag being raised while our national anthem played  i stopp…
rt  ppicnotes  new federal policies will help manage wildfire risk and protect california s forests 
in wi and across the country  we are losing too many lives to overdoses  something must be done to reverse this awf…
wednesday marks the 11th rare disease day  1/10 americans suffers from a rare disease  join me in raising awareness…
rt  call_me_dutch   md02  communities need to invest in roads  schools  hospitals  police and fire stations  proud to lead bipartisan effor…
our pro-growth economic agenda of tax reform and curbing unnecessary red-tape is working 
great to be in holland speaking with the  mwcoastchamber  also proud to receive the spirit of enterprise award for…
thank you  heritageohio  preservationact &  savingplaces for this award  the historic tax credit has helped many com…
tomorrow  w&m will mark up multiple bills aimed at combating our country s opioidcrisis  learn more ⬇️
rt  repgosar  small businesses are the backbone of our economy – creating nearly 63 percent of the new jobs in the private sector in the un…
today  in committee i voted for hr 5931  no more cash ransoms to iran  paying cash to hostage takers puts all americans at risk  never again
rt  hollandsentinel  upton talks school safety  great lakes protection at holland event 
rt  ap_politics  your paycheck may be going up soon because of tax cuts 
i always enjoy seeing high school students involved with civics  today my staff & i had the privilege of meeting wi…
china is systematically using its bank account to minimize taiwan  the money china offers is enticing to taiwan s…
icymi  i joined  ericshawntv on  foxnews yesterday to discuss mike pompeo as the next secretary of state  and the u…
  potus gave an incredibly powerful  sotu  plenty of memorable moments from tonight  no better time for a twitter mo…
i m thankful for the opportunity to spend time with veterans and members of the greatest generation living right he…
our brave men and women in uniform must continue their mission w/out pay bc senate democrats put amnesty for illega…
if you missed my discussion with  msnbc s  stevekornacki on the  ahca   you can catch our entire conversation here …
rt  reparrington  thank you  mr  president  the 22nd amendment limited the terms of our president  it s time to do the same for congress st…
rt  presssec  in addition to bonuses  pay raises  and bigger paychecks next month when the tax cuts kick in  another likely benefit  lower…
rt  housegop  done  another major step in delivering bigger paychecks and more jobs to everyday americans → taxreform just passed in the s…
best of luck 2  penn_state alum  johncurschel as he pursues a career outside of football  thx 4 the great memories…
today  on national peace officers memorial day  we honor those men and women who have made the ultimate sacrifice t…
rt  natresources  now is the time to take action on the growing wildfire crisis  the house should pass the resilient federal forests act q…
chairman  drphilroe statement on the government shutdown 
six houston area companies including  fortbendisd made  forbes s list of the best employers in america  way to go 
the last thing we need is a trade war and this action will likely lead to retaliation 
🚨breaking  the committee seeks information regarding the policies and processes regarding interim security clearan…
whoa  jjgasman  that is high praise  the fact i even qualify for a seat in congress is enough for me 
officer rob pitts is a hero and proudly protected all hoosiers  we are praying for your strength  thpolice1 over th…
rt  ushousehistory  tonight s  sotu  in the house chamber  here it is 150 years ago  s o t u history
i look forward to working with the president to defeat whomever the never trumpers run against him  we need to unit…
house members call for special counsel in clinton unsecure email server tcot
rt  katunews  walden s committee to investigate sexual abuse in organized sports after nassar sentencing live on k2
live now  president macron of france will address a joint session of congress at the u s  capitol  tune in 
    it is important that we encourage harmonization of material systems so that these two silos – concrete and ste…
a public memorial service will be held in honor of ivan flanscha and zachary anthony  our fallen york city firefigh…
we re so grateful to our law enforcement professionals in texas and around the country that serve our communities a…
on world press freedom day we reflect on how fortunate we r 2 live in a free democracy  we stand in solidarity w tho…
as we mourn this senseless tragedy  i stand with our law enforcement officers & their families dallas police shooting
proud of the work  tn_housing_dev is doing to assist homebuyers with the down payment assistance program  more here 
rt  numbersusa   by far more than a 2-to-1 margin  likely voters also said any legalization deal should require employers to use e-verify t…
the time is now  the securing america s future act bolsters enforcement of existing immigration law  makes importan…
today s tax relief helps middle class families in mid and northern michigan  increasing the child tax credit will h…
  nfib data shows the percentage of small businesses raising worker pay over the last three months has increased to…
attended  whitehouse bill signing - overturning blm s planning 2 0 rule and restoring confidence in system…
up next  live on  foxbusiness  afterthebell with melissa francis  discussing immigration reform efforts & latest on…
i had an informative listening session with administration officials like  kellyannepolls on combating the…
this week is national library week  in honor of this  i encourage you take the time to visit your local library  che…
great news→ 3 9% is the lowest unemployment level in nearly 20 years  with tax reform  the  work force is gaining…
agriculture is the backbone of the north country and our farmers create jobs all across the district  i wrote on…
american energy dominance is creating new jobs  economic growth  and booming exports  🛢️📈
way to go firefighters in bountiful    we re grateful for you guys 
millions of american workers have already gotten tax cut bonuses thanks to the tax cutsand jobs act
this week  i sent two letters calling for action in response to reports of human rights violations committed by the…
we visited with badcock home furniture & more owner hazel williams and her son robert williams this week  badcock h…
this morning   househomeland will mark up  repmccaul s bill that would codify into law  dhsgov s cyber incident res…
tax reform is working   uscbo projects that the tax cuts & jobs act will create about 1 1 million jobs over the nex…
rt  foxbusiness    repmobrooks on budget bill   it s borrowing money we don t have [and] can t afford to pay back    it s not the way to op…
was glad to be able to stop and chat with the gehl family this morning before they took a capitol tour 
i m proud to represent america s farmers in congress  🐄 🌾 🇺🇸
status of indian river county services
it is always a pleasure to meet with the newest class of international military students from  fortbenning
 the internet is moving fast  and our legal constructs are not keeping up   we must act now  and that s why i intro…
congratulations to  ccadpao on producing its 1000th t-55 engine 
waivers on line-of-sight rules should be a no-brainer on power-line and infrastructure inspection 
great work by fbi  suffolk pd and homeland security in arresting ms-13 murder suspects 
we ve hit hour 12 folks  but there s more work to be done as we construct  fy19ndaa  and help build a modern militar…
from growing up in alpine & teaching in presidio to ranching in marathon & later writing for the  elpasotimes  ranc…
enough is enough  and it s time to extinguish this scourge of opioid addiction from our communities opioidcrisis
be safe out there  visit  wdnr for more info 
timber automation is a small business in serving the forest products industry  because of the recent tax cuts and e…
 ca08 
rt  houseforeign  chairman  repedroyce statement on admin s fiscal year 2019 proposed budget
saturday  april 7th  i will be in fort smith and springdale for academy day to provide information to students of…
detroit news  house panels funds great lakes cleanup
today at 9 30am central will be on  radiotalkermike show  talking to  sammaloneshow re  troops on the border and more  tune in 
 jeremywilhelmi  4029news at noon at  atuozark  i hope to see you there  ar4 arpx
rt  robwittman  in brief  we authorized the 4th ford-class aircraft carrier  expanded procurement of the littoral combat ship  and made cri…
u s  shale producers boost rig count for ninth straight week
beyond glad to have  stevescalise back in the house 
5  with tax reform   we now have a much simpler process  filing your taxes should not be as hard as it s been for t…
it s time for tax reform  we need real solutions like a better way & fair tax to simplify the tax code & make it f…
the rescission package delivered to congress by  realdonaldtrump & the  whitehouse is a welcome first step as we w…
rt  ijdh    repcurbelo  thank you for supporting u s funding to help eliminate cholera in haiti and saves thousands of lives  your efforts…
it was an honor to pray with the sweet finney family from perkins drugs in gallatin this morning - we are grateful…
pleased that  faa  reauthorization approved by house includes language i worked to include to safeguard grant county…
great meeting with rich ellings and some of the board of the  nbrnews  we discussed the trade agenda and how we can…
watch live as  twitter   facebook  &  google testify before  hpsci  on russian social media ads
rt  realdonaldtrump  very strong improvement and strengthening of background checks will be fully backed by white house  legislation moving…
our country was founded on the idea of freedom and the right of all citizens to peacefully express themselves  acr…
honored to join  sbagov yesterday to honor this year s award winners from west virginia  small businesses create tw…
earlier this month   repmobrooks invited rep   justinamash to provide a libertarian perspective on congress and leg…
former first lady barbara bush exuded class  dignity  intelligence  humor  along with a love for her family and her…
on floor honoring peter dupree whose firefighting career began in 1977 as a vol in avis & has retired the  d c   fire service after 31 years
great mtg with  mobankers  i gave an update on taxreform & how under  housegop plan  most individuals can file on…
you are wrong  originally self-imposed pledge was 6 terms  during my 4th term  i publicly announced intention to se…
today marks the start of ramadan  i extend best personal wishes to our muslim neighbors here in new jersey  across…
rt  houseforeign  foreign affairs committee meets with ambassador huntsman
it was a pleasure meeting with many florida aipac members to discuss our mutual support of democracy  religious fre…
it s always great being with my  rotary friends from arkansas and across the country  great discussion on how we ca…
america is the greatest country on earth  but history reminds us of threats to our great nation  today we remember…
hardworking hoosiers are seeing real benefits from the tax cuts and jobs act  with businesses like  1stsourcebank r…
 judge shubb agreed with the plaintiffs that california can t legally compel  false  misleading and highly controve…
the danger is not over from hurricane matthew  please pay close attention to these safety tips  matthew n c ready n c
today  the house passed 4 bills from the financial services committee  including  reploudermilk bill that addresses…
i hope everyone had a happy easter weekend spent with family  friends and loved ones  wishing you the best from my…
looking forward to seeing everyone on monday  april 30th for the 2018 congressional art competition award ceremony …
great meeting  expensify founder david barrett  will see you in ironwood   quinthar
i am sending my mobile office to you in cedarville on may 8th  information here 
did you know  a majority of fentanyl is shipped to the us from china & over 90% of heroin is smuggled through the m…
rt  firstfiveyears  thank you  tomcoleok04 for helping secure major funding increases for head start  childcare and more in the  fy2018  sp…
 otd  in 1871  the texas state legislature approved a bill providing for the organization & construction of the texa…
president obama brokered this agreement in spite of intense bipartisan opposition in congress  the deal never had t…
joining  jimsharpe and  news923 on  ktar923 in 15 minutes  please tune in for an update on the news of the day 
israeli dep  consul amir sagie of  israelinnewyork recently met with cny leaders to discuss the state of us-israeli…
the iranian regime  the largest sponsor of terrorism on the planet  has no interest in abiding by the nuclear deal …
my discussion about the stock market today with  mariabartiromo  morningsmaria 
the house passed a bill today aimed at keeping illegal immigrant gang members out of the united states    
county colleges play an important role in  nj  for students  higher education development  i met with  nj  council of…
the g o act  which has already passed the house will streamline the recreation permitting process to help outdoor sm…
a great moment for dr  king and his legacy   and for his wonderful niece and nephew  who were able to be there at t…
rt  housegop  today we turn the page on america s stagnant economy → the tax cuts & jobs act has passed  taxreform 1182more
rt  springfieldnl  it s the first day of spring  here s how to enjoy it for free 
tax reform is doing wonders for our growing american economy 
thank you sec  rex tillerson for your service to our nation  you are an honorable man and a patriot 
a shooting in a place of worship is a despicable  heartless action  my prayers are with the victims of the burnette chapel church shooting 
rt  thesfia  a round of applause for  repjoebarton for being the 50th co-sponsor of the phit act  thanks for your continued support  pass p…
my condolences go out to the families of those lost in yesterday s fatal helicopter crash in iraq 
rt  repkevinbrady  these are the stories that motivate us to repealand replace obamacare   ahca  is the 1st critical step toward protecting…
  nature_nj the beach & the jetty in belmar where i proposed to my wife in 1977 
rt  househomeland  icymi  chairman  repmccaul sat down with  oracle ceo  safra catz  at  aipac s 2018 policy conference to promote u s -isr…
congrats to  potus trump for making deal that gets results 
a big congratulations to the women s  ugatrack team on their  ncaa indoor championship  dominating as dawgs do with…
another failure by obamacare  aetna abandoning 11 of 15 exchanges  we must ditch this broken law and start over  we need a better way 
i was able to visit a local ups in  mn02  to discuss how an infrastructure bill would benefit their business model …
today is vietnam war veterans day  thank you to all of the vietnam veterans for your sacrifice and service to our cou…
the failure to fund our government is unacceptable and puts thousands of low income children at risk in michigan s first district 
i will be speaking on the house floor shortly in strong support of long-term funding for the  chip  program
rpc is holding a g o p working4 women hearing today to talk how private sector is helping women get ahead  tune in 124…
rt  riskrewardfbn  coming up      repdougcollins  genboykin  fordoconnell  christynhc  realdrgina  shanebouvet
always a pleasure to see major general daryl bohac and captain doug carlson of the nebraska national guard …
tonight i m speaking live with my constituents  if you d like to participate  dial 866-295-1750 at 6 30 ct or regis…
while i was not aboard the train this morning  at this time please join me in praying for all who were injured and their families
along with many congressional democrats  the rsc continually rejected the obama administration s mismanagement and…
enjoyed meeting  rareadvocates from alabama today in washington  thanks for stopping by 
today  i stood for hoosiers  i stood to ensure that they receive more of their hard-earned paychecks  i stood to en…
rt  douglasgeorgecg  just had an insightful meeting with  repwalorski where we talked about trade  including rv exports to canada  nearly 2…
the stop school violence act provides much-needed resources to train students  teachers  and law enforcement office…
mark your calendar  all  natlparkservice sites will waive entrance fees on april 21  tomorrow  in honor of national…
to end corruption in washington we need to end burrowing  read my op-ed to learn more 
thinking about billy graham this morning  while our savior welcomes him home today  we remember the zeal  passion …
thank you to the 10th mountain division for making last week s visit from  secarmy a successful one  read more abou…
here are a couple more photos from our visit 
with  speakerryan and  senorrinhatch s signatures  the tax cutsand jobs act is officially on its way to the…
pictured here with the alabama funeral directors after meeting on issues important to them 
momentum from last week s letter is growing   repgoodlatte &  tgowdysc just joined our call for a 2nd special couns…
watch chairman gowdy discuss bias at the fbi and the department of justice on  foxnewssunday  📺 ⬇️
rt  repmikebishop  great to tour  pepsico plant in howell and talk tax reform  pepsi provided employee bonuses all because of the tax cutsa…
rt  stevescalise  more than 500 companies are raising wages  paying bonuses  improving benefits  or lowering utility rates because of tax c…
omnibus appropriations bill moves us in the the wrong direction
the disability insurance program is too important for social security to not get it right 
rt  repgoodlatte  america produces the safest  most abundant  most affordable food & fiber products in the world  🌽🥕 our ag policy must ref…
yesterday  i wore purple in support of two very important causes   wpcd  and end alz   pancancolumbus  alzcbusjc
as zuckerberg said today   facebook is responsible for the content on their platform  what about the illegal conte…
last year  my friend  repbradwenstrup acted to save  stevescalise s life when a shooter started firing on our pract…
happy national small business week to the 30 million small businesses that are the backbone of our economy and our communities 
my legislative director austin agrella has been on the frontlines of updating our government technology to better…
the white house released a preliminary list of products to be covered by import tariffs  we must address china s th…
there s a place in far west texas where night skies are dark as coal and rivers carve temple-like canyons in ancien…
i d take steve scalise over ben rhodes any day of the week and twice on sunday 
it s time you should notice more money in your paycheck  not sure  checkyour check with the irs tax withholding cal…
in 2017  the  financialcmte worked hard to help protect small businesses & consumers  i look forward to a productiv…
rt  repmarkwalker  very thankful for the hard work of the  republicanstudy committee staff  their efforts make a difference in congress eve…
police week begins with vigil for fallen officers 
at 10am et   houseagnews will mark-up h r  2  the 2018 farm bill  you can watch it live below 
 walshfreedom problem is  if you tend a bar in key west  and can mix a mean margarita  i might have to retire there too 
today the house voted to uphold our commitment to protecting our  2a  rights and keeping americans safe w/ passage o…
 nrcc you can read more about the house gop plan here--&gt 
i agree w/  potus that congress needs to address  the dishonest double dealing that allows the middlemen to pocket…
first the irs destroyed emails pivotal to our investigation of their political targeting  now the fbi  failed to…
rt  houseappropsgop  the fy18 omnibus includes  1 571 billion to provide 90  miles of border wall system  overall border security funding f…
i wish you and your family a blessed and safe easter 
rt  netanyahu  this is a historic day  jerusalem has been the capital of israel for nearly 70 years  jerusalem has been the focus of our ho…
the senate passed my bill to name a post office after fallen pearland police officer endy ekpanya  it now heads to…
23 yrs ago  our lives were changed  but our spirit was not shaken  today  we remember those who perished in the bom…
9 30 pm & the work day isn t over for your congressional office  waiting for late votes  i m writing to constituent…
watch live  i m asking questions during today s  waysandmeansgop trade subcommittee on how we can fix vulnerabiliti…
joining  teamcavuto now to talk about the president s infrastructure proposal 
making constituent calls from the corning district office on this snowy afternoon
congratulations to the 32 000 walmart employees in south carolina and the million across america who will have a la…
rt  speakerryan  house republicans are continuing to make good on the agenda we promised in 2016  ✅ historic tax reform ✅ rebuild of our mi…
rt  houseappropsgop  want to know more about how our bill makes america more secure  --&gt 
we have to work together to fight human trafficking  read my sarasota herald-tribune column below  sayfie
rt  sdut  gop s tax bill eliminates wildfire deduction  reps  duncan hunter and darrell issa  seek to reinstate it
last week i had the pleasure of speaking with the griffin rotary club  i am proud to have organizations in  ga03  th…
rt  speakerryan  first lady barbara bush was a force who loved her family and our country passionately  the flag at the  uscapitol flies at…
don t foresee any bills reforming social security or medicare moving this congress  any legislative action on these…
one week left to submit your artwork for the 2018 congressional art competition  any high school student in south d…
it was an honor to bring  vp to view firsthand how our community stepped up  bringing hope   unity in the face of h…
rt  wbdmsprincipal  ty  repbrianmast for the civics lesson  duncan_middle this am  great lessons that will last a lifetime  pbcsd
town hall 3 is history  thanks to everyone for coming out to the west bend city hall  especially our guests from t…
enjoyed talking w/  alexgangitano for  heardonthehill s take five  we discussed filling in for  stevescalise & adap…
the house did its job and voted to keep the government open  now  the senate needs to end the filibuster and put as…
rt  tgowdysc  it is important for the american public to know if the dossier was paid for by another candidate  used in court pleadings  ve…
joined hopatcong officials for the farmers market veterans service day 
i enjoyed meeting with bill gates today to discuss education in southern and eastern kentucky …
rt  housegop  guess what → more than 100 companies  so far  are crediting taxreform for the bonuses and raises they are giving their emplo…
glad to thank robert crowley for his service to america during our brief visit today  mr  crowley is a member of…
rt  markknoller  pres pays tribute to ryan holets  a 27 year old albuquerque police officer and wife rebecca  they adopted the infant of a…
rt  rsi  for a long time  crs reports have been notoriously hard to get ahold of if you are not a washington insider  that s changed now  h…
the deadline for the congressional app challenge is tomorrow  be sure to get your entries in   congressionalac
governor charley thone dedicated his life to public service  a native of hartington  he was a champion for ag & th…
rt  waysandmeansgop  breaking   potus signs historic tax cuts and jobs act into law  marking first overhaul of nation s tax code in 31 year…
h r  5102  substance use disorder workforce loan repayment act has passed the full cmte by voice vote
rt  houseappropsgop  at 10 am   secretaryacosta appears before  tomcoleok04 & the labor-hhs subcom to review  usdol 2018budget  tune in  h…
take a look at my e-newsletter to see what i did this week in washington →
rt  dcexaminer   advice for a long-awaited new irs commissioner  by  vernbuchanan
on the radio now with  robport answering your questions and talking  sotu   tune in 
congratulations to thomas fisk who was named teen of the year at the arcadia valley chamber of commerce  the comm…
the deal was deeply flawed from the very beginning  it has allowed iran to expand their influence within the region…
 rroysters has got it right  virginia oysters are the best of the best   va01 
in turn  this will create jobs across the country and locally  and will lead to a boost in our economy  right here…
when our nation was attacked at pearl harbor on the morning of december 7  1941  our brave men and women in uniform…
the state of our union is strong  because our people are strong  great  sotu   mr  president 
rt  repdianeblack  this is what tax reform is all about → helping taxpayers  especially middle-income families & small businesses  put more…
great moment for  nc11    potus trump and the wh personally invited henderson co sheriff mcdonald to attend their sc…
great visit to hayden last night to speak at the west blount chamber of commerce meeting 
poison control centers are on the front lines of the opioidepidemic  the data poison centers collect can be used t…
mec is a classic small-town company  located in california s central valley  that s making boom and scissor lifts r…
great having students  parents  and educators from dames ferry elementary school visiting the u s  capitol building…
the clock is ticking on the schumer shutdown  how long will senate democrats let this go on before joining republic…
last year both sides of the aisle honed in on prison reform as a way to strengthen our justice system  in 2018  we…
rt  dcexaminer   the tax bill means tax cuts for middle america  by  replamalfa
it was great meeting with students from advent episcopal elementary school on their visit to our…
today i spoke on the floor of the house of representatives to recognize the important work of  verahouseinc and to…
grateful for the opportunity to host this forum with experts in the fields of technical education and manufacturing…
hey  tx22  high school juniors & seniors  are you interested in government  want to learn about the legislative proc…
rt  houseforeign  deputy  asstsecstateaf rob scott and chairman  repedroyce discuss next steps in liberia s presidential election
  mrsb1stgraders thanks for your question ask buddy
rt  cathymcmorris  tax day is tomorrow  and we will officially say goodbye to america s broken tax code  we kicked off a celebration with  …
i was honored to 
today  and everyday  we honor the memory those who lost their lives at pearl harbor  never forget
icymi  last night  the senate passed my bill h r  228  the alaska delegation is unified in delivering much needed…
did you see lynchburg featured on  cspancities last month  i enjoyed speaking about the history of the city and my…
  bucknut_83 ask bill johnson
thank you kristin warzocha  president and ceo of  clefoodbank  & howard lewis  chairman & ceo of  fhl_careers for s…
thankful that the recent funding omnibus i supported gets us one step closer to the kind of training and resources…
the funding bill passed by the house today provides the necessary resources for our important federal programs  and…
congratulations to  noblesvillein artist  alys caviness-gober whose artwork was recently displayed in washington  d…
rt  wacotrib  waco s congressman  repbillflores delivered commendations to three central texas veterans for their service and continued ded…
tune in at 1 pm et  10 am pt  to hear my interview with  kevinwallradio on live & local 
the 2018 farm bill secures rural america  ag  al03 
please join me as i host a telephone town hall tomorrow night at 7pm cdt  dial 877-229-8493 and use passcode  111439…
our march mobile office hours are coming up  check out the graphic below for details
to uphold the integrity of the legal immigration system  american citizens must have confidence the government has…
it was an honor to nominate these 8 local students to attend one of our nation s service academies  acceptance into…
rt  houseagnews    repbobgibbs  i believe this bill makes it possible to fill open jobs across our country  through training programs and p…
rt  alzassociation    tomcoleok04 because of you  we re one step closer to the first survivor of alzheimer s   endalz 
i was glad to join  cspan for its  cspanwj program this morning  i talked about the need for a congressional vote o…
rt  gopoversight  chairman  tgowdysc   no entity is above oversight  
chairman bishop &  ronwyden  as summer approaches  there s real momentum behind the bipartisan…
in october of 2016  noah pulled a man out of a burning car before the vehicle became engulfed in flames  saving the…
the president finally acted on congressionally mandated russia sanctions  we must continue to hold russia accountab…
the farm bill impacts more than just farmers  it impacts banking  the food industry  and rural economies across the…
rt  mammothmountain  yep  3-4 feet of snow this weekend and it s still snowing  mammothmountain 
it s been 77 days since the house sent our appropriations bills to the senate &  senatemajldr - it s time to act…
great article from the omaha world herald on the doolittle raiders - an incredible team who took on an impossible m…
rt  vp  honored to welcome mississippi s newest senator to the u s capitol today  heartfelt thanks to former senator thad cochran for his y…
rt  sheriffcsm  thank you  repmarkmeadows for continuing to support the local efforts & strategies  hendersoncountystrong
 huntsmanabby  foxandfriends happy first mothers day   huntsmanabby 
today we honor the incredible spouses of our military men and women who made the ultimate sacrifice  please take th…
rt  brigidmarymcd  last night  repmarkwalker joined  shannonbream to discuss the effort to get pastor brunson home from turkey  the next tr…
had the pleasure of meeting with some  uofalabama students today  they are spending their summer interning in dc 
excited to have you in the third district today 
collins applauds passage of bipartisan budget act -
on floor to mark the 70th birthday of the air force reserve
terrific morning of little league openings in massapequa  seaford and deer park  great coaches  great parents  grea…
saddened by the news of louise slaughter s passing  in a public service career that began in 1976  louise set an ex…
rt  kearneyhub  rep  smith will visit hub territory next week
rt  housejudiciary   in our drive to make washington accountable  we have eliminated more regulations in our first year than any administra…
our men and women in uniform work each and every day to safeguard the freedoms we hold dear  it s our responsibilit…
an example of how interventional radiology can help  this woman says her life was saved by  ir   sirspecialists lea…
learn more about tax reform at
i applaud the use of sanctions against russian cyberactors for meddling in the united states  federal election proc…
great joining  secretaryzinke this morning to discuss the importance of the outdoor recreation industry and public…
thank you to  saintfrancispa for showing me around campus and for sharing with me how the programs at fsu are impro…
rt  vppresssec  moving & powerful speech tonight by  potus  tomorrow  vp will hit the road to west virginia carrying the president s messag…
as we continue to combat the nation s deadly opioid abuse epidemic  i discussed ongoing challenges and successes wi…
rt  reptomgraves  proud to join this effort as well  the  cfpb s rule on small dollar loans will actually hurt the very people it intends t…
rt  houseagnews  in this week s farm bill friday   tomcoleok04 highlights the importance of cropinsurance to farmers and ranchers on the pl…
i announced my next round of fall community engagement events today  times  dates  and locations are listed here ---&gt 
rt  faanews  join us for womens history month as we celebrate the women who broke barriers to become aviation pioneers 
releasing money in exchange for hostages is paying ransom  plain and simple 
this is in large part because social security continues to rely on outdated criteria to determine eligibility for disability benefits 
rt  daveelswickshow  visiting with  repfrenchhill about tonight s state of the union address   and the memo the house intel committee has v…
griffith welcomes 40 new jobs to pulaski county
beautiful day here in  nc08   🇺🇸🌤
leviticus 15 31   you must keep the israelites separate from things that make them unclean  so they will not die in…
i echo  realdonaldtrump s concern that it s long past time to deal with illegal immigration in this country  clearl…
just sent out a special edition newsletter regarding the health care proposal  learn more here 
chairwoman  virginiafoxx stopped by to encourage  magnetschlsmsa today and celebrate the positive impact and many a…
rt  pateltimes  thank you  fcc chairman  ajitpaifcc &  repgusbilirakis for speaking to  indoustampa community leaders today  thecentreclub …
join me at 5 30 on  foxbusiness with  lizmacdonaldfox 
icymi  yesterday i managed the rule for the cr and stressed the importance of doing the right thing and funding our…
as a member of the  helsinkicomm  i fully support the  whitehouse s actions in response to russia s brazen act in t…
my bipartisan bill will receive a committee hearing this thursday
i joined  treypaultv to discuss medicaid work requirements  immigration  and hurricane matthew recovery  check it o…
today  i met with youthbuild evansville and got the opportunity to learn about the important work they do to enable…
today i voted against 2 bills  the  c r   spending bill - which was attached to section 702 reauthorization - and t…
as  potus writes for  usatoday  we are changing tax day  this is the last year you will fill out outdated and compl…
rt  energy  natural gas  r&d by  netl from 1976 to 1992 is paying big dividends for americans today  cost-effective fossil energy technolo…
great crowd at this morning s breakfast with the  nfrw  i look forward to speaking 
rt  natresources    nra   on day one  secretaryzinke hit the ground running by lifting the last administration s ban on traditional ammunit…
this bill provides an overall  78 3b in discretionary funding for the va &  10 2b for military construction projects   2/7 
korean war vet mike george stavrakakis tested atomic and nuclear bombs in the navy  he is now the last surviving me…
put on my hard hat and toured the hotel madison coming soon to  jmu   va06 
icymi  ensuring future generations have the same opportunities we have today means cutting spending where possible…
rt  houseforeign  chairman  repedroyce urges president to sanction russia for chemical attack
today i spoke with  officialrfdtv about the farm bill and how it safeguards our nation s food supply 
rt  repwalberg  chaired a joint  edworkforce subcommittee hearing today on how the opioid epidemic is affecting workplaces across the count…
i have called for military action in syria for years  we need a comprehensive strategy to defeat  isis  & to stop t…
as i said in the  housejudiciary hearing  our first amendment rights should be upheld whether we are speaking words…
rt  deptofdefense  do d personnel continue to build a logistics system to deliver food  water and fuel to communities in 🇵🇷  hurricane mari…
4 of the top 15 mi high schools are right here in  mi11   congrats to se mi s bright students and dedicated educators
yesterday   secretaryperry testified before the  houseappropsgop energy & water subcommittee  to hear his answers t…
dyk  more than 98% of pistachios are grown in california  many  right here in the central valley …
on the 76th anniversary of pearl harbor  we remember the brave men and women who lost their lives on that infamous day 
rt  robwittman  our military readiness crisis has come at too high a cost  in 2017 alone we lost 80 service members in training accidents …
i hope you all have a happy saint patrick s day   ga12 
thoughts and prayers for long island airmen from 106th rescue wing of new york air national guard in west hampton b…
 congressmanhice good luck to your bulldogs this weekend  i must warn you  our  appstate mountaineers are looking p…
rt  housegop  tax reform was written with working moms and dads in mind  through the doubled child tax credit  the preservation of the adop…
grow in ohio  oh08 
 icymi   yesterday i announced that the roswell airport hanger facility received an economic development grant to su…
 as long as we have confidence in our values  faith in our citizens  and trust in our god  we will not fail  …
in order to avoid future attacks on our planes  it s necessary that we use both qualitative & quantitative threat a…
the chemical attack in syria is a horror that cannot be tolerated by responsible nations  the u s  must continue to…
rt  housegop  the s t o p school violence act of 2018 has just passed in the people s house  we are live with the latest →
just wrapped up a tour of mcnary dam with  secretaryperry &  bonnevillepower administrator elliot mainzer
otro domingo d opresión en cuba reporta  jangelmoya  sigue operativo en contra d sede d  damasdblanco para silenci…
rt  waysandmeansgop  after tax day – with the frustration of dealing with the irs fresh in our minds – now is the perfect time to vote on l…
former first lady barbara bush said the most important things in life were faith  family  and friends  she embodied…
rt  mercyships  we re excited to announce that our founders  don and deyon stephens  were nominated for the congressional gold medal  thank…
 neaminzeleke  ambassadorestif  jawar_mohammed  reuters  amnesty soe vote failed in ethiopia  votes needed=359  votes received=346 
rt  whitehouse  the current tax code is a burden on american taxpayers & harmful to job-creators  americans need tax reform  more 
snap is an important nutrition assistance program that helps people in meaningful ways  learn how we are making imp…
today  potus signed the  fy18ndaa  to ensure our troops receive a pay raise and have the tools they need to defend o…
thank you   repbrianfitz for speaking out for a  daca  solution 
i am proud to support the investing for tomorrow act which allows parents to put dreams into action and start savin…
i will be joining  cnnsitroom with  wolfblitzer live tonight at 6 15 pm  est  to discuss niger  tune in 
up to a third of american species are in crisis according to a recent report  largely due to habitat loss   rawa 
update  today s 2 00 p m  hearing has been postponed and will be rescheduled to a later date 
heidi and i wish mrs  trump the best following her kidney procedure 
rt  shannonshepp  it is a beautiful day to celebrate fl oj  🍊thank you  flgovscott  tomrooney  repdennisross  marcorubio  senbillnelson f…
reminder for all seniors  medicare open enrollment is oct 15 to dec 7  for plan info call 1-800-medicare or go to…
rt  riaa    riaa ceo cary sherman   one step closer to the finish line  for music community & widely-supported critical licensing reforms a…
on floor to lead a special order on title iv of the farm bill nutrition farmers feed nutrition matters
national park week
in michigan  under obamacare  premiums have increased by over 90% in 5 years  we need a plan that provides affordable & high quality care 
my staff will hold  ne03  mobile office hours this week in aurora  hastings  beatrice  and lexington to bring our se…
rt  sencapito  business growth is on the rise in counties throughout  wv    intermountainwv has a story today on some of the positive econom…
human trafficking is modern-day slavery – and this is a big step toward fighting it online   fosta  end trafficking
rt  shopfloornam  great report from  cnbc on the impact that the tax law is already having on small manufacturers  its working 
great conversation with leaders in the us steel industry  happy to hear about how lower taxes  lower energy prices…
watch out congress  there s a new face on capitol hill—and she s not messing around  • i had a…
praying for everyone in the sun city community  thankful for our brave first responders 
house of reps adopts mcclintock amndmt to stop fed agencies purchasing scarce cal water for fish drought cadrought
 nasa serves as a research organization for our nation s space weather efforts  working with the nsf to enhance our…
another busy week ahead of us in the house  take a look at what we will be voting on here 
rt  tradepartnersdc   to drive home his concerns   reperikpaulsen cited a study by the trade partnership  a washington-based analytical fir…
grateful for the opportunity today to meet with department of transportation secretary  elaine chao  to discuss min…
from our family to yours  merry christmas 
tonight  repbyrne  repmartharoby   repmikerogersal   robert_aderholt   repmobrooks and i voted to fund the governme…
the idea that the trump campaign colluded with russia was always ridiculous  it remains so now  we ve spent more th…
today and tomorrow  the rev  billy graham   america s pastor   is lying in honor in the u s  capitol  we will never…
we re fortunate to wake up every day in the greatest country in the world  and we owe it all to the men and women w…
this has been fixed  registration is open until 4 00 p m  pst 
 we enacted the biggest tax cuts and reforms in american history   realdonaldtrump  sotu 
need help with a federal agency  i invite all  ga10  residents to take advantage of my march mobile office hours to…
rt  laurenwestbrook   breaking  news  east baton rouge parish public schools are officially closed today  more info on other districts and…
tax reform recap  next tax season will bring relief to the yearly hassle of filing taxes  the tax cuts and jobs act…
rt  stevenmnuchin1  i support the goals of firrma and stand ready to work with  johncornyn  senfeinstein  senatorburr  reppittenger  repden…
joshua 1 8 this book of the law shall not depart from your mouth  but you shall meditate on it day and night  so th…
happy birthday 
say goodbye to our old tax code  thanks to the tax cuts & jobs act  today is the last tax day that you will have to…
this november we are sharing the stories of the brave veterans from  al06   read their stories and share yours here 
 reforming the nation s tax code provides better opportunities for people to succeed and live the american dream  o…
rt  awisnational  a w i s national members met us congressman  rephultgren to personally discuss policies and issues that affect womenin s t e m…
what a great event w so fla hispanic chamber of commerce  i m so proud to be honored by them    miamidadecounty…
rt  realdonaldtrump  can t wait to be back in the amazing state of tennessee to address the 99th american  farmbureau federation s annual c…
rt  stevescalise    cbsthismorning asked an accountant how the tax cuts & jobs act will affect 3 families across america  all of them wil…
wishing a blessed and happy passover to all who celebrate  chag sameach
rt  alexandriavafd  medics chad shade and fiona apple  retired  and former congressional staffer matt mika attending this morning s congres…
it s never too late for justice  bill cosby
happy birthday ohio   otd   ohio became the 17th state admitted to the union  check out  librarycongress ohio map…
  speakerryan is a patriot  leader  colleague  and friend  i wish him well in his retirement as he enjoys more time…
i m excited for the 2018 winter olympics   and i m looking forward to seeing all of the olympians from utah compete…
shimon peres will be profoundly missed by the united states and all friends of israel 
last week  i had the honor of meeting with the new executive director for aurora chamber of commerce karen bosley …
we must do better for the men and women defending our freedom  properly funding our military has to be a top priori…
thanks to niles high school for having me tonight - we had a good discussion on important school safety initiatives…
i applaud  realdonaldtrump for keeping his promise to the american people by withdrawing our country from president…
glad i could speak with members of the mn telecom alliance this week about rural broadband needs   mn02 
rt  open_the_books  read   congressman mark sanford  r-sc  recently introduced the federal employee bonus disclosure act  h r  5290   a bil…
the folks from  lhachamber are what make  tx08  a great community to represent  thanks for stopping by my capitol of…
our state has so much to offer to visitors  from across the country and globe  i m proud to represent such an incre…
rt  pronkkkk  thanks to  reptrey for meeting with vivian and jackie of communities in schools of indiana to discuss the great work they do…
today is human trafficking awareness day  the suffering of more than 25 million trafficking victims worldwide—who are…
this policy of releasing dangerous terrorists from guantanamo must stop  read my full statement here 
visiting with  dhs  secretary kirstjen nielsen today before the homeland security full committee…
thank you to all who have contacted my office following today s train accident  i was not on the train this morning…
 icymi    working americans benefit from tax cuts  ---&gt  via  rdrnews
  congressmanhice  today is one of the most dreaded days in america… it s tax day 
senate democrats stand in the way of a fully funded government and a reauthorized health insurance program for chil…
rt  mowjec  our ellis county office has moved    volunteers that pick up from this office  please remember to come to the new location star…
wishing  speakerryan a happy birthday  
two critical things we must protect on the columbia river  hydropower energy from dams & salmon runs  top scientist…
at 10 30 am   congculberson chairs a subcommittee hearing on the fy19 budget for the  uscensusbureau  watch live …
 secretary of state mike pompeo   i love the sound of that  most importantly though  he s intelligent  competent  q…
judge rice has dedicated his entire career to serving justice in dayton honorably  i appreciate  sensherrodbrown &…
rt  freedomcaucus  official position  hfc opposes the caps deal  we support funding our troops  but growing the size of government by 13 pe…
huge news 
i m especially grateful for  usreprodney support & leadership last year in passing all 12 annual approps bills befo…
i support  realdonaldtrump s decision to withdraw the us from unesco until the body undergoes serious reforms 
may we never forget the sacrifices made daily for our freedoms  never forget
   with this bill  hardworking taxpayers and job creators will receive the biggest boost this country has had in a…
had a great time visiting mountain empire high school and joan macqueen middle school yesterday  great questions an…
rt  johnfeehery  guest rep  jeff denham  nixon goes to china  planes  trains and automobiles  and serve and protect  
never had a bill been subject to so much misinformation  now that paychecks are bigger and the economy is soaring …
thanks for your question  check out and
from problems with social security to medicare to the department of veterans affairs  or if there is an important i…
i pray for the families & friends affected by the senseless shooting this morning at the waffle house in antioch  t…
on  housefloor  recognized my dear friend stanley tate  a prominent leader in our so fla community  who pioneered t…
great to attend the alabama-israel leadership gala in tanner tonight & celebrate the 50th anniversary of the reunif…
rt  housegop  happy birthday  reagan  we hope you like your  early  birthday present  tax cutsand jobs act 
cities like acworth are the true heart of america   visitacworth  acworthbusiness  acworthpolice
we re holding a hearing on tax reform and american competitiveness  watch live --&gt 
rt  americanlungtx  thank you for showing your support   repjoebarton  lungforce  congress
my thoughts on problem solvers caucus bipartisan work on healthcare 
thank you   shopfloornam for recognizing the work we are doing to support our manufacturers so they can grow and c…
rt  housegop  the tax cutsand jobs act continues to help everyday american families all over the country 
today s  ndaa  veto was reckless this is the worst possible time to jeopardize our military s ability to find and defeat the threats abroad 
for obamacare  we saw bill less than 24 hrs before markup  the american health care act is a better way 
 even where adaptations are immediately cost-effective  they may nevertheless be gradual  social norms  economic co…
rt  freedomcaucus  live on facebook  hfc chairman  repmarkmeadows and hfc member  repandybiggsaz discuss the latest from dc -
as bad as the omni bill structure is  it funds the dod as requested  additionally  we all know the real drivers of…
happy birthday to the  usairforce  god bless our airmen for 70 years of service to our great nation  a f bday…
rt  hascrepublicans  live on  happeningnow  mactxpress talks russian inf violations
rt  hascrepublicans  last night under chairman  mactxpress s leadership the  hasc  passed the  fy19ndaa   ndaa  60-1 out of committee  thanks…
rt  coloradorea  we appreciate the time  repmikecoffman spent with rural electric leaders from intermountain rural electric and united powe…
programming note  joining  harryhurley on  wpg1450 at 7am tues for monthly  ask the congressman  feature  will be p…
on this day in 1911  one of america s finest presidents  ronald reagan  was born  he was a shining example of a pri…
if you want to fix a problem  you need to be present for it  that s why i get my health care through the va and wh…
great meeting with the  kccouncil today to discuss the importance of funding for infrastructure  housing programs …
rt  ohelectriccoops  thank you to  repjimrenacci for sitting down with us this afternoon  coops in d c
great having jared kushner   cpinst s  jimdemint and  acuconservative s  mschlapp at  republicanstudy to talk about…
rt  repmikecoffman  let us never forget pearl harbor and the brave men and women who fought back   
today  we filed the review every act diligently in total  r e a dit  act  to give members of congress at least 2 minu…
teamed up with  repstevechabot to deliver the message of taxreform to southern ohio  this holiday season  american…
israel is a key strategic ally for us and it s our duty to remain steadfast supporters of our israeli partners  the…
rt  aapaorg  thank you  repadriansmith and  repterrisewell for introducing the pa direct payment act to improve healthcare for patients and…
i ll be presiding over the house floor this afternoon  you can watch live here 
rt  austinscottga08  only a few minutes until  potus makes his first  sotu  address to congress  you can find a live video from the  whiteho…
the benefits of tax reform are clear in  ga03   it was wonderful to join  sendavidperdue at  aflac today to see how…
getting ready to join  foxandfriends  tune in to  foxnews
rt  afponline  a good talk this morning at d c blockchain with  repjaredpolis   repdavid and  periannedc  they want to empower blockchain …
participating in this week s  ghschamber fly-in are  armathsciarts juniors  l to r  allison follmer  dayja james  j…
thank you to dunnellon mayor walter green for taking time out of your busy schedule to introduce me to local leader…
🚨breaking  chairmen  tgowdysc and  repgoodlatte release key takeaways from fbi briefing on the parkland school shoo…
rt  stevescalise  great news →  mcdonalds is expanding tuition benefits for its employees because of tax reform 
very sad to hear about the death of jon huntsman  sr  our family has been blessed by him  his love and his support…
proud to say we have saved taxpayers  3 6 billion through better stewardship of public buildings  but there is more…
as our enemies continue to develop more sophisticated ballistic missile capabilities  it would be smart and respons…
rt  lizkohwafb  just got off the phone with  la_dotd spokesman rodney mallett   crews are salting the interstate right now  there are no ro…
starting the day with  secretarysonny at king mesa cotton gin in lamesa  tx talking with producers on how we can st…
rep  sensenbrenner introduces the cybertipline modernization act 
this balanced budget amendment defines audacity  i had to speak about it today on the floor   
rt  realdonaldtrump  i will be announcing my decision on the iran deal tomorrow from the white house at 2 00pm 
icymi  i questioned  facebook ceo during  housecommerce zuckerberg hearing on ways social media platforms  especial…
rt  wsfa12news  our closure list is growing  here s the list we re updating here &gt &gt  alwx
excellent meeting in washington w/ dave mansbart of able equipment a rental company located in deer park & focused…
today  greg mccarthy from my office  who is also an eagle scout  presented new eagle scouts jace stevens and aaron…
icymi  the committee will hold a field hearing on exploring opportunities for student veterans this friday in lubbo…
rt  househomeland  live at 10 a m  → field hearing in trenton led by  repjohnkatko on how the federal government can better coordinate with…
rt  freedomworks  watch now   repmcclintock on  republicanstudy committee s proposed budget plan to rein in spending  amp f w
i ll be joining  seanhannity tonight on  foxnews  tune in at 8 25 pm ct/9 25 pm et 
the tax cutsand jobs act lowers tax rates at all income levels so americans in every community will be able to keep m…
we need to show the american people that we are doing everything possible to prevent an attack on us soil --&gt   ca08 
the russian government-sanctioned attack last month on british soil violated international law & indicates putin s…
join me in honoring the brave men and women who made tremendous sacrifices to serve this great nation overseas in t…
 txoph  aao_ophth thanks for coming by my office 
rt  blairgchilds    cdcgov report released today shows 30% spike in hospital er visits for opioid overdose  all the more reason to pass hr…
rt  bizroundtable   repbradwenstrup thank you for supporting tax reform and voting for higher wages for american workers and more jobs  htt…
honored to join  speakerryan to sign the whistleblower protection act  this is an vital step in ensuring quality…
great to catch up with was bob timko  pa s delegate to the national volunteer fire council during annual pennsylvan…
rt  scottwongdc  news  moderate  repryancostello  r-pa    in statement to  thehill  calls for closing  bump stock  loophole in wake of las…
rt  robertharding  katko hopeful federal tax plan will reduce energy bills for new yorkers
today is an important day  today  we celebrate the thousands of vibrant  successful  motivating  and beautiful down…
 etnpalattella my staff and i have happily gone out of our way to accommodate the students and hear their concerns …
rt  waysandmeansgop  from coast to coast  state and local leaders continue to express their support for the tax cuts and jobs act  tax refo…
rt  whitehouse  saturday is national rx drug take back day  prevent drug abuse by dropping off old pills at  deahq collection sites 
ty to all who attended this am s coffee with your congressman town hall & last night s pizza & policy town hall  gr…
rt  nathanielcary  photo evidence  nine years ago  i d never even been to an auction before  my auctioneer was  repjeffduncan
 ussupremecourt reinstates a common-sense policy that protects us from those who take advantage of our generosity to commit terror  1/3  
i applaud  secretarysonny for taking meaningful action to assist our cotton producers  by implementing the cotton g…
rt  austinscottga08  i m excited to kick off the 2018 congressional art competition for  ga08  high school students  the 1st place artwork w…
crs are a failure to govern  a failure to represent the people  and a failure to exercise the power of the purse 
we must do everything we can to protect our corrections officers from the dangerous work environment they face ever…
the hearing on the senate amendment to h r  1 - the tax cuts and jobs act is about to begin  watch live on  cspan o…
human trafficking/ modern slavery is a global cancer  it must be stopped  jan 11th is int l…
rt  speakerryan  ✅ lowest unemployment level since 2000 ✅ jobless claims near a 48-year low ✅ small biz optimism at record highs ✅ business…
while today marks the last time you ll file your taxes under the old code  tax reform is already paying off for west texans 
learn more about what s on the docket this week 👉
a typical middle-income family of four in south carolina s 7th district will see a tax cut of  1 787 …
house passes legislation to assist military veterans veterans
junto a mis colegas  roslehtinen  repcurbelo  repsires he solicitado al  statedept información sobre la entrada a e…
rt  travis5mith    repjoebarton & new  mowjec director christine hockin-boyd are out delivering meals today  barton recently signed hr1821…
last night  i supported legislation that protects unborn children across america   hr36  pain capable
rt  repwesterman  my press conference calling for passage of the resilient federal forests act is now underway  watch live 
rt  franchising411    reppaulmitchell knows that franchises can help increase access to affordable  quality health care through association…
day 31 for 31 reasons4 tax reform→ we can put american families first & end the maze of unfair special interest tax b…
breaking &gt &gt  the farm bill got the ok from committee today  next stop  house floor  proud of the work done on this b…
every kid in america deserves a first-rate education  i fully support national school choice week & empowering paren…
i asked mark zuckerberg if facebook subjectively manipulates algorithms to push their own agenda  and censor conser…
the w&m committee just approved the amendment in the nature of substitute re  repealing of tanning tax 
a video message to alaskans 
rt  cspan  sec def mattis & gen  dunford   thejointstaff  testify at  hasc  – live online here 
happening now  join us for our seventh  va05  interactive town hall meeting of 2018  dial  877  229-8493 and enter p…
to rebuild trust  facebook must ensure that content is judged objectively  without bias based on religious or polit…
jeff sessions is restoring the rule of law in america  to my conservative friends  give him room to do his job & wa…
 que_divertido interfering with gov employees in order to make a political point  is arrogant and illegal 
i m so grateful  humbled & honored to be the recipient of alzheimer s impact movement 2017 humanitarian award …
i m thrilled to be a part of both the men s baseball and women s softball games  they raise money for good causes…
participated in some great meetings with community leaders and activists on capitol hill  the passion for what they…
rt  azchamber  read why preserving isds is so important  great work by  repdavid  protecting u s  companies  holding trading partners accou…
what a great afternoon  visited with vine international elementary students from cameroon africa  presented each s…
another exciting year of baseball 
if your eyes are blue and your husbands eyes are also blue  you are the one most likely to be questioned 
i ll be introducing legislation to improve the iran nuclear deal  read more 
it s official  the first tree has been planted at  tamusanantonio for  sanantonio_300 s  tree-centennial  initiativ…
in this month s terror threat snapshot  as isis loses its geographic presence  foreign fighters continue to return t…
rt  natresources  amen 
yesterday  i led a north country delegation to ottawa to highlight and strengthen the close economic ties between o…
happy 70th birthday to the  usairforce  honored to have been a pilot with the usaf for 14 years  a f bday…
great to see  aipac members from cedartown who are in washington  d c  to discuss our nations  special relationship 
rt  justinamash  here s my  cnn op-ed from 2015 on what we need in a speaker  it s as relevant now as ever 
after votes  approximately 7 10 p m   i will be hosting a telephone townhall meeting to discuss the benefits of the…
rt  housecommerce  e&c takes  vicenews behind-the-scenes of the zuckerberg hearing &gt &gt 
thanks for having me at the online lenders alliance spring summit today to speak with ola members and online lendin…
largest bonuses yet → wichita railway services gave its employees  3 000-6 000 because of tax cuts 🚂
rooney statement on house passage of  faa  reauthorization act 
vincent viola s leadership as sec  of army will help u s  maintain role as the strongest military in the world 
stopped by detroit catholic central hs to congratulate its robotics team on participating in this year s world cham…
watch 📺 on the house floor  chairwoman  virginiafoxx talks about opioid solutions close to home
today s enewsletter is out  subscribe  ar4 arpx
rt  housegop  more benefits more bonuses more money more jobs more is better → the tax cutsand jobs act
public water utilities rural broadband - let s streamline the permitting and regulatory process so our communities d…
this legislation will help give our men and women in uniform the skills needed to bridge the gap between military s…
what i m reading 
citibank s new sale policies penalize clients that wish to exercise their legal second amendment rights  this is a…
next week s jobs fair just keeps growing  we now have over 75 companies with 6 500 open jobs attending  please join…
rt  waysandmeansgop  this week w&m will host three committee hearings  details  ➡️ wednesday at 10 00am - hearing with  ustraderep ➡️ wedne…
coming up in may  19th annual joliet regional job fair hosted at  jolietjrcollege  details 
today at the arkansas department of veterans affairs  50th anniversary of the vietnam war commemoration  i had the…
 defendourfuture  repteddeutch third  we need to be realistic short- and long-term  we need to celebrate every step…
the ndaa is good for colorado and it s good for our nation  this bill is an important step in the direction towards…
thanks to chairman lawlor & lake county emergency ops for vital flood update 
rt  cathymcmorris  why support taxreform  because more jobs will stay in america 
rt  watersadvocacy  rt if you agree   repralphnorman  the 2015  wotus  rule is  an egregious example of the kind of regulatory overreach tha…
updated feature on --&gt  now you can see a map of the companies giving out bonuses nationwide…
our government owes it to the american people to be transparent and forthright in the rules we make   housejudiciary
i look forward to continue working with  potus   vp  and my congressional colleagues to provide more opportunities…
proud to present 99-year-old  magoffin county wwii pearl harbor veteran sgt  albert patrick with…
rt  idnationalguard  idaho national guard s command team  brig  gen  michael garshak and chief master sgt  harold bongiovi  celebrated vale…
today  i voted to strengthen the ada by providing businesses the training to ensure compliance  while also giving t…
rt  villages_news  congressman daniel webster  great news about the u s  economy
as the vice-chairman of the defense appropriations subcommittee this continues to be one of my biggest ongoing conc…
great to see the right to try act pass the house with bipartisan support  terminally ill patients deserve to have ac…
hanging with capitol hill police trainees this morning  thankful for their service mn02
always great to see members of  fight4miningmn to discuss the importance of mining in northern minnesota  i look fo…
small businesses in parts of the lower shore hit by this summer s heavy rain are eligible for sba loans  learn more 
prior to tax reform   pepcoconnect announced plans to raise utility rates  in a matter of months  thanks to the pas…
today s womens history month spotlight recognizes maria wright  the mother of a pulse victim who s become a tireless…
join me on  cnbc  squawkcnbc now  i m speaking w/  joesquawk  beckyquick &  andrewrsorkin about today s…
ticks are common in northern michigan  keep your friends and family safe this summer 
had a good discussion on tax  trade  and building a 21st century workforce with southwest council of agribusiness …
great program 
appreciate  realdonaldtrump supporting border security measures preventing ms-13 coming into us  many do not under…
 ca08 
rt  financialcmte  nfip is a government monopoly that encourages people to live in harm s way  the system is broke and broken 
 dyk    pa15  is a large producer of wheat  dairy cows & turkeys  ty to our local farmers & the  pafarmbureau on national farmers day  🌾🐮🦃
just wrapped up a fantastic event w/  mgmchamber &  lockheedmartin celebrating the news that the  f35  will soon com…
we need greater urgency in our effort to build a 355 ship fleet  and our seapower subcommittee  under the leadershi…
thanks to  jasonwhitely and  budkennedy for having me on  wfaa s inside texas politics this week  as we discussed …
exceptional  
statement on  potus  afghan strategy 
we heard a great message of faith and gratitude from president trump at the national prayer breakfast this morning …
rt  mark_j_perry  chart  us trade deficits vs  us household net worth  1970 to 2017  they ve risen in tandem over the last half-century …
enjoyed the visit 
rt  repdavidyoung  thanks to the  urbandalechmbr for hosting this morning to talk about tax relief and small business week
rt  waysandmeansgop  this month  the vast majority of american workers will take home more money from their paycheck because of the tax cut…
rt  japanembdc  ambassador sugiyama is on capitol hill tonight to celebrate the important work being done by the  usjapancaucus to build st…
great to visit with tom lamberth of russell lands recently to discuss the economic impact of…
rt  natresources  legislative hearing on marine conservation and shark fishery regulations   repdarrensoto s h r  4528  repwebster s h r …
members of  theisma updated me on their hard work to combat the opioid epidemic from all sides and lower health car…
out with the old  in with the new  it s time for west michigan to say goodbye to an outdated federal tax code and h…
the non-partisan lugar center has ranked me among the top 10% of bipartisan members of congress in the house of rep…
never forget
want to keep up on the latest legislative happenings in washington and news from across  va05   check out our weekly…
great to see  reiok receive  60 million in new markets tax credit allocations to continue developing the most rural…
 scottknittle one gun owner told me he was sold out and  the trump slump is over      referring to drop in sales o…
rt  repkevinbrady  there is no denying it  washington has a spending problem  i support president  realdonaldtrump s decision to cut wastef…
rt  fdrlst  this stunning statistic is why we need welfare reform 
since its inception  the iran nuclear deal has failed to rein in the world s largest state sponsor of terrorism  i o…
reminder  our  va05  offices in  cvillecityhall and  cityofdanville are accepting submissions for our 2018 congres…
it is always an honor to catch up with sister donna galetovich & liz clerkin about  results_tweets efforts to suppo…
always good to chat with  roeconn and  annadavlantes on  wgnradio  especially when they kickoff the interview playi…
wonderful to see the little and disomma families in washington  plattsmouth proud  nebraska
recently  i had the opportunity to hear from multiple veteran s service organizations on their legislative prioriti…
tonight my cyber bill passed the house  this piece of legislation will strengthen our cyber efforts to better prot…
4  if allowed by my colleagues to serve as the next chairman of the appropriations committee  i look forward to addressing these challenges 
obama s response to iran s detainment of 10 u s  sailors   150 billion sanctions-relief payment  my thoughts  tcot
congratulations to the  baylor cyber security student organization team on winning the southwest collegiate cyber…
from the bottom of my heart  i would like to thank  zdoc for her unrelenting commitment to her patients  her passio…
rt  conawaytx11  happy birthday   senpatroberts  looking forward to spending even more time together this year on the next farm bill
in the end the house voted 393-13 to provide america s aviation system long-term funding and certainty 
rt  inl   supporting this collaboration is about much more than new facilities  we are investing in idaho s future    butchotter  ltgovbrad…
i m heading to the  rulesreps to chair the hearing on h r 4790  the volcker rule regulatory harmonization act  watc…
matthew 25 34 comes to mind   then the king will say to those on his right   come  you who are blessed by my father…
icymi- fy18  houseappropsgop transpo bill provides  900m  for gateway - vital for  nj  commuters & nat l economy 
as a father of 2 adopted children  i am truly touched by  simone_biles  story  adoption is a wonderful thing 
rt  waysandmeansgop  tomorrow is the last day you will have to file taxes using a broken  outdated taxcode  check out five ways the new ta…
great visiting with you folks   endalz 
veterans have put their lives on the line  in return  we should ensure that they have the opportunity for employment when they return home 
wishing you and your families a healthy and happy 2018 
the 2018 congressional art competition is underway  high school students can submit artwork to be judged by a local…
talking now to media about a letter by  repnewhouse and  repscotttaylor asking for daca legislation to be brought t…
your family farm belongs in your family  you shouldn t have to sell it off to pay a tax bill  when you work hard an…
this morning  my bill to sanction iran for their gross human rights violations passed  houseforeign  i thank my co…
rt  repgosar  join  repkenbuck and i live tonight at 9pm est / 6pm az  we hope to see you there 
do you have a plan  it s always better to be safe & prepare for the worst  take time to discuss your plan w/your fa…
editorial  the armageddon economy tax reform
today we celebrate religious freedom day  religious liberty is a true blessing in the united states  it is the great…
rt  repwalorski  8 9 billion hours  that s how long taxpayers spend each year complying with irs requirements  we need tax reform to make t…
great sunday morning read  due to taxreform  paychecks are increasing  that means more opportunities for you and y…
great news→ the house just voted to relieve americans—and our economy—of yet another obama-era regulation  this tim…
congratulations to  mykxlg on winning the  nabtweets crystal radio award  a well-deserved recognition for david law…
enjoyed meeting with members of the american trucking association and the california trucking association today to…
i have so many things to be thankful for on this thanksgiving day  so i wrote about them in this column 
i was saddened to learn c a  dillon passed away -- he ll always be remembered as the  soul of reynolds coliseum  
rt  repjimbanks  great  wsj op-ed by  repmarkwalker on why bringing back earmarks would be a mistake
national park week continues in ar4  if you have not had a chance to visit the buffalo national river  make plans f…
my first read of the day   far-right mayor hails success of hungary-serbia border fence  
outstanding plan announced today by  potus trump vs iran terrorism & aggression  thoughtful & balanced  should be supported by all americans
i just voted for the stop school violence act  which passed the house today  it s a good first step to identify si…
us naturalization is a privilege  not a right  ms-13 & any other gang members should be stripped of naturalization…
pro-economic growth principles like federal deregulation directly impact ca-21 by reducing the burdens placed on sm…
proud to work with  senjoniernst to encourage federal agencies to relocate outside of washington  d c  and help dra…
rt  lpn12659  thank you congressman smucker  eric reath and noelle verhelst for meeting us yesterday  we are so happy that you are cosponso…
rt  natresources  🚨live at 10 15 am🚨 full committee markup of 3 bills
rt  housegop  women are pioneers  trailblazers  moms  daughters  sisters  wives  advocates  and so much more  this month  let s honor how w…
it s not the 70 s anymore but chairman bishop is still taking everyone to school  happy throwback thursday &…
happy national ag day and thank you to our hoosier family farmers who work hard every day to strengthen our communit…
  gocimd  we leverage relationships w/community leaders  the faith-based community  and volunteers  police week l e task force
rt  msactivist  ms activists continue to meet with their elected officials on capitol hill   repdavetrott from michigan listens to lisa mcr…
ingenuity is ingrained in our nation s history  we have a legacy of inventors  creators  & innovators  this year  w…
no one better to celebrate the award with than the general rand of global strike command at barksdale  congratulati…
ask morgan griffith
rt  mattsmith_news    replukemesser right next to  stevescalise as he receives a standing ovation
play ball  rooting for the home team as the  braves open up the season against the  phillies  let s go  bravos …
here are some more real life examples for how everyday americans will benefit from the tax cuts and jobs act   
i just introduced h res  774 that  if passed  would invoke a little-known measure to bring four immigration reform…
this morning  attorney general jeff sessions will testify before the  housejudiciary at an oversight hearing for…
rt  gopleader  our first line of defense in the fight against terrorism is intelligence  today the house passed a bill to help identify thr…
pleased the s t o p school violence act passed the house  it s a good step forward to ensure our kids are safe at school…
all americans are disturbed and disappointed as we learned how pervasive sexual harassment has been in some parts o…
rt  housegop  90% of americans are getting a bigger paycheck thanks to the tax cutsand jobs act  how will you spend your extra     
happy 215th birthday  ohio  on this day in 1803  the buckeye state became the 17th state admitted to the union 
  bigbendnps attracts visitors from around the world  tourism brought in  37 9 million for our local economy in 20…
rt  housegop  we are one step closer to tax relief for everyday americans with the tax cuts & jobs act heading to the floor  tune…
this is what happens when officials realize it s the private sector that creates jobs  not the government  it s the…
my condolences and prayers go out to the bush family after the passing of former first lady barbara bush  she loved…
everyone in  wa04  can be proud and cheer on sister and brother  sadie and erik bjornsen  from okanogan  sadie and e…
rt  cbsthismorning  tomorrow   speakerryan will give his first in-depth  broadcast network interview since announcing his retirement from c…
met with podiatrists inderjit panesar from council bluffs and eugene nassif from marion today- thanks for stopping…
rt  beltwaybeef  ncba legislative conference update - cattle producers from florida meet with congressman  tomrooney  thanks for your time …
rt  waysandmeansgop  read chairman brady s full statement on president trump s recent action to target unfairly traded steel and aluminum …
the investing in opportunity act would help oh communities fight poverty & bring jobs to distressed neighborhoods
decision is a big win for  jointbasemdl  will help ensure stability & sustainability of the base—and its economic impact—for decades to come
sent the following letter to the approps committee  requesting an immediate retroactive repeal of obamacare s indiv…
great news for teacher appreciation day
rt  njantihunger  njahc s director met with congressman lobiondo today to talk about the importance of protecting snap   replobiondo  fract…
the hearing on continued consideration of the make america secure appropriations act has started  watch live here 
as prepared for delivery  chairman  rep_stevewomack s opening remarks at this morning s second hearing with  uscbo ↓
thanks to parliamentary secretary  andrewlesliemp for meeting with our bilateral delegation this morning to discuss…
my first read of the day   report  america s top 5 high schools are all basis charter schools in arizona  
thank you  h quest vanguard  inc   for the fantastic tour  i appreciated meeting the company team & learning about…
 wage gap s damaging effects don t just harm women  but their families  communities & retirement security  repmcsally g o p working4 women
at an  internetassn digital trade caucus event with some internet entrepreneurs to talk about how online trade has…
rt  drphilroe  did you know  thanks to tax reform   4 billion in bonuses have been given to hard-working americans across the country  the…
rev  billy graham was a spiritual leader who touched the lives of so many over the years  today  he will lie in hon…
tomorrow   11 30am  cha will hold a hearing to examine the smithsonian s priorities & hear from sec  skorton  watch…
 icymi   gear up gives thousands of  tx23  students the tools they need to become valuable contributors to our workfo…
rt  housegop  the s t o p school violence act of 2018 has just passed in the people s house  we are live with the latest →
rt  usnavy  navy railgun lines named for two electromagnetic railgun visionaries at ceremony in dahlgren  va  navy innovates -
rep  leonard lance said he will push for federal funding to buy new breathing apparatus for firefighters  lance vi…
rt  housecommerce  we have resumed our hearing with  facebook ceo mark zuckerberg  follow along  💻 website  👍…
tune in to  financialcmte at 10 00am et ↓
having served as madison county treasurer for six years  it was great to have the opportunity to speak at the illin…
 chrislhayes  jackhunter74 i quarried the stone and logged the trees for it  and it uses less electricity/energy t…
 both democrats and republicans agreed that congress should be doing more to change the male-dominated  harassment-…
the president should sign the fy2016 defense authorization and fund our warfighters  tcot
rt  repmarkmeadows  this investigation has gone on for nearly a year with no evidence of any collusion  americans deserve to know how and…
chairman  usreprodney statement on fy19 military construction  va funding bill   providing critical resources for t…
exciting to see job creators furthering their investment in the united states and their hardworking employees  foll…
we need to separate politics from policy  and focus on the priorities and deadlines at hand  we have a job to do 
rt  foxnews  president  realdonaldtrump hosts the 2017 world series champions  the houston  astros at the  whitehouse
i m thrilled to announce that cheyanne stunger  a senior from argyle central school  is the winner of the 2018…
  usrepgarypalmer  just a few weeks ago  investigators concluded a multi-year investigation – operation half back –…
my thanks to the ouachita national forest  the nature conservancy in arkansas  and the  arforestrycomm for their qu…
a tax-friendly business environment = more jobs  higher wages  and an overall healthier economy  in 2013  nc pass…
rt  ashley4schouse  thank you congressman jeff duncan for your work toward tax reform   pp2018 
vets statues unveiled today at bay lea park remind us to pause  say a prayer of thanks for those who have sacrifice…
numbers 27 22-23 moses did just as the lord commanded him  and he took joshua and set him before eleazar the priest…
i am about to call in to  wtaw1620 to give a washington update  tune in or listen online
i was on the field 20 yards away from the shooter  i am okay  please join me in praying for  stevescalise and the others who were injured 
excited to announce another town hall  details available on my website 
we read some of the previous comments that voiced opposition to ricky s watching of a certain television program  i…
rt  foxbusiness    replouiegohmert on spending bill   i m afraid this could end up costing us the majority in which case you will have tota…
rt  nasa_sls  did you know all five major pieces of hardware that comprise the  nasasls  core stage are complete  big milestones happening t…
starting at 10am et   housecommerce will hear from mark zuckerberg about how  facebook uses the data entrusted to i…
on this day in 1931  president herbert hoover dedicates the  empirestatebldg  cc   hoovernps
over the last year  we ve made great strides toward reforming va  but there is still much hard work ahead  read mor…
rt  foxnews  gop resolution condemning anti-semitic louis farrakhan puts pressure on dems - via  brookefoxnews
going to miss  housescience chairman  lamarsmithtx21  thank you for your friendship & guidance    looking forward to the rest of 115th 
glad the u s  senate passed pro-growth tax reform early this morning  we are one step closer to providing american…
rt  austinscottga08  i want to make sure you have the opportunity to take my legislative survey to update me on the issues that matter most…
as social security chairman and a 29-year veteran  i m as committed as ever to making sure social security effectively serves our veterans 
if you re one of the 145 republicans who voted for the omnibus  please don t run for speaker  you ve demonstrated…
read my full statement here 
i appreciate the wildomar city council adding their voice to those trying to protect our communities  wanting our f…
veterans   deptvetaffairs launched a new tool for you to better track your appeal of a claim for benefits  it gives…
very good roundtable with the  escondidochambe on friday  honored to once again receive the chamber s spirit of en…
great to join  mibiznetwork to talk about my role on problem solvers caucus  a bipartisan group of lawmakers that j…
farmers and ranchers have been hammered by increasingly escalating health care costs  in an effort to provide more…
the texas delegation  both r s and d s  all joined together today to find solutions for those affected by harvey …
rt  realdonaldtrump  it s march 5th and the democrats are nowhere to be found on daca  gave them 6 months  they just don t care  where are…
h r  5329  poison center network enhancement act of 2018 has been reported to the full cmte by voice vote 
attended the 66th annual national prayer breakfast this am with  potus  a great morning of prayer  testimony & song praise  faith
icymi  last week   realdonaldtrump signed into law legislation i introduced to honor a fallen local hero  u s  navy…
when the taxreform package was being debated  i successfully fought to ensure the graduate tuition waiver was pres…
rt  nasa_sls  it s almost time for christmas  and these four  nasasls  engines are all wrapped up with a bow and ready to go to n a s a michoud…
thank you to the men & women in  nj04  and across the country who protect & serve our communities …
washington s very own john wolfe  ceo of  seaportnw  is here  waysandmeansgop today testifying on what tariffs mean…
the ag must be willing to enforce the law  independent of admin politics  the senate should not confirm lynch  tcot
best of luck to all of this year s boston marathon runners  we remember and we honor the lives lost five years ago…
members of the joint select committee on the solvency of multiemployer pension plans have been appointed  read more…
the holidays offer many opportunities to support your favorite charity and help those who are in need  on this…
looking forward to working with admin  bridenstine to bring  nasa above and beyond the glory days of apollo 
spring weather is in full swing  and there s no better time to visit washington d c   my office is available to hel…
i ll be speaking at the  edworkforce hearing tomorrow at 10 am est  i will be speaking about strengthening welfare…
my statement on the declassified fisa memo   wa04 
rt  wsyx6   missing   columbus police on the lookout for missing hilliard girl
we are all deeply concerned about unfair trade practices by bad actors in other countries  and i know american work…
from april 23-25  my staff will be holding constituent service days across all 13 counties in missouri-03  they wil…
god gave us his greatest gift at christmas  and my family and i wish you and your loved ones in northeast georgia a…
rt  jedelmanushmm  i m so thrilled for all who will be joining me on tomorrows panel  leah  the films director  regina  one sonia s childre…
a strong us-israeli relationship is critical in our shared fight against terror  thank you to the friends of israel…
with commitment and passion   speakerryan has led the house in advancing bold solutions to improve the lives of all…
rt  coenterprisefnd  thanks to our us congressional  reptipton for speaking in support of continued funding of the  cdfifund - citing his v…
this was a great collaborative effort between the united states postal service  hillsboro mayor roger vance  federa…
i am honored to have the support of  ndss for  hr5191   the  mind act   a bill that will establish centers for…
new tanker fleet could help prevent joint base mcguire-dix-lakehurst from closing 
pleased to see  realdonaldtrump and the house intel cmte releasethememo outlining the investigation discoveries ab…
rt  tamu  before going to muster on saturday  spend some time at the  aggiemuster reflections display in the msc and learn about the lives…
rt  impactapp2018  thank you  warrendavidson for taking time to meet with us today at the congressionalappchallenge houseofcode we look f…
congratulations to legendary  virginia_tech coach frank beamer on his selection for the college football hall of fame 
congrats  keep up the great work 
in just a few minutes  i will be joining potus politics on  siriusxm to discuss the upcoming  financialcmte equifax hearing & tax reform 
the bad news → today is tax day 👎 the good news → this is the last time americans have to file their taxes under t…
rt  agnewsdaily  no room for farm bill complains if offer no amendments  you cannot choose to complain about something you have no process…
rt  housegop  the tax cutsand jobs act brings another win for the american people →  americanair and  southwestair employees getting a  1 000…
rt  thenswg  reps  jefffortenberry   repvisclosky   repchuck  and rest of cnswg proof that nuclear policy is too important for partisanship…
rt  reppaulmitchell  the schumer shutdown is disappointing to say the least  i join my colleagues  repjackbergman  repmikebishop  rephuizen…
gear up gives thousands of  tx23  students the tools they need to become valuable contributors to our workforce  tha…
great to meet with  coadinc corporation for ohio appalachian development representatives yesterday - serving 30 cou…
rt  reptenney  due to tax reform our economy is on the rise & our local economy is continuing on a positive  upward trajectory  businesses…
rt  vp  we gathered at  nmaahc to recognize african american history month & honor the contributions of great african americans to our soci…
earlier this year   senorrinhatch and i introduced the national suicide hotline improvement act to help streamline access to the hotline 
🚨live at 10am  local responses and resources to curtail the opioid crisis 📺tune in 
joining  foxandfriends to discuss my legislation that would stop u s  taxpayers from subsidizing sanctuary cities …
rt  waysandmeansgop  chairman  repkevinbrady s statement on  potus s  sotu  address ⬇️
what can we expect  realdonaldtrump to say at his first state of the union  watch to find out 
it was a pleasure meeting with secretary  betsydevosed today  i hope we continue our conversation about the future…
🎉new year  new tax code → by nearly doubling the standard deduction and removing loopholes  our bill makes the tax…
rt  pinellasconews  we thank  repgusbilirakis   repcharliecrist  shahra anderson   senbillnelson s office   and jonathan torres   marcorub…
our state is full of everyday heroes who always work to serve others 
happy cinco de mayo 
it s time to fix the irs  sayfie
  potus just signed the tax cutsand jobs act into law  we finally have a tax code that works with  not against  hard-…
today is national prescription drug take back day  please visit to find a drop-off location…
rt  specnewsky    repandybarr spoke in lexington with sec  of housing and urban development  ben carson and gov  matt bevin  barr discusse…
yesterday  chairman  repmccaul toured  icegov  s cyber crimes center  c3  and received a briefing from  icegov s ac…
rt  houseagnews    rodneydavis  why don t we invest in families  like those indecatur  by giving them a chance  our goal should be to get t…
rt  transport  today the t&i committee approved two bipartisan bills sponsored by  repjohnkatko to address human trafficking on the nation …
a lot has changed in the past 31 years    our tax code needs to get with the times  click ➡️…
it is safer to have good guys in our schools with guns than not  gun free zones don t work  this school resource o…
took to the house floor last night to recognize may as national foster care month
thank you to all the witnesses that testified today at the lhhs  houseappropsgop public witness hearing  i enjoyed…
  usreprodney  this bill includes funding for programs like snap and wic that provide wholesome  nutritious food fo…
this week for small business week we celebrate the 30 million american small businesses  especially those that call…
excited to hear the president give his first  sotu  address tonight  what issue do you most want the president to talk about 
first priority must be securing our borders
here is a glimpse into week 1 of the tax reform  armageddon   -more than 100 companies are paying their employees…
 from the moment i kicked off my manufacturing tour  i got to see firsthand the hard work these men and women put i…
happening now  the subcommittee on economic opportunity markup on six bills  stream it here 
however  there is more to be done  we must also install floodgates and dredge the lake  increasing the water capaci…
president trump s state of the union signaled his commitment to our great nation to combat terrorism  support our t…
rt  kdorr_usa  the dundie award for fake news goes to   
the house voted tonight for the fourth time to fully fund our military  it s imperative that this important funding…
  savingplaces appreciated rep  griffith s leadership during the tax reform debate to preserve the…
i introduced  hr2660   the assigning proper placement of executive action lawsuits  appeal  act today 
sanctuary city policies are often allowing illegal immigrants with drug charges to avoid ice detainers  sending cri…
rt  waysandmeansgop  families and small businesses need to be able to plan and save for the future with certainty  tax reform17
are you a high schooler in the 4th congressional district who wants to have your artwork displayed in the u s  capi…
families in every community are hurting as a result of the opioid epidemic  thank you to  hillsdale for bringing a…
rt  repmccaul  along with my colleagues  i was on the train that hit the truck in west virginia  i m okay  but my thoughts and prayers are…
 potus is live now to unveil his plan to lower the cost of prescription drugs  click the link to tune in 
this is exciting news   uwgb s new mechanical engineering program is going to help move the needle forward in moder…
more good news as a result of tax cuts & jobs act  via  kccinews - nationwide gives big bonuses  credits tax reform 
thanks for the agselfie  rodneydavis  let s get to listening farmbill
 u s  embassy  road signs go up in jerusalem ahead of next week s opening
responding to trump  n j  politicos push bill to let you deduct full 2018 property taxes |
hard to believe it s been almost a year since the attack on the congressional baseball game practice  as we honor…
small businesses are a big part of the american dream – an entrepreneurial mindset is deeply engrained in our ameri…
rt  ktabtv  congressman jodey arrington issued a statement on the introduction of the farm bill today 
last night i joined washington court house s city council meeting to give an update on how i m working to combat…
rt  housescience  the  housegop is committed to innovation  competes  s p a c e act
it is a good day for everyone who works in acres and not hours  i applaud chairman  conawaytx11 and his staff for a…
rt  wkrg  atmore  by melissa baker
 houseappropsgop passed labor-hhs bill- focused investments in vital programs- health  medical research  education 

read my letter to  realdonaldtrump requesting presidential pardons for ramos and compean 
merry christmas to you and yours
the s t o p school violence act will provide an historic investment in school safety plans including prevention training…
rt  housecommerce  media advisory  tonight sub environment chairman  repshimkus to host special order on nuclear waste &gt &gt 
rt  realdonaldtrump  speaker paul ryan is a truly good man  and while he will not be seeking re-election  he will leave a legacy of achieve…
joining  harryhurley at 7am for monthly  ask the congressman  segment on  wpg1450  live from capitol hill  tune in
catch me today at 9pm & 11pm mt on  9news discussing the syrian strikes and the impact it can have on our national…
  ambjohnbolton is a terrific appointment by  realdonaldtrump  i have long been a great respecter  john bolton s de…
  repdesantis  we are here today to discuss the impending arrival of what was initially called an  immigrant carava…
usda rural development grants have been awarded to wise and alleghany counties
my amendment to the faa reauthorization bill that would recognize smith field in fort wayne as the national airmail…
  schoolforward talks about how education savings accounts put parents in control of education decisions for their kids school choice
that s why i have made it a priority in congress to increase and improve workforce training opportunities  i introd…
it s always a pleasure meeting with people who help grow indiana s economy and improve the livelihood of all hoosie…
the mythologies of illegal immigration by victor davis hanson  objective & intellectually sound-too challenging for…
 senkamalaharris this was dropped off at my office today    is my mail getting delivered to your office too 
rt  trivalley_tvoc   bettymccollum04    repsmucker introduce bipartisan legislation to help communities respond to opioid crisis 
tax reform works 
  michaelburgess   the new pro-growth tax law has lowered the tax rates for all americans  while nearly doubling th…
it was a special privilege to honor judge vernon douglas at the suwannee river district of the north florida counci…
rt  repmcsally  san diego & az show that walls work  sadly  those barriers push illegal activity to the desert in my district  this afterno…
dispose of your excess prescription medications during national prescription drug take back day this saturday  apri…
stay safe 
 the burrito chain said tuesday that its hourly crew members will be eligible to earn a  250 bonus & its general ma…
release  job creators &  westerncaucus to omnibus negotiators  job-killing 2015 ozone rule must be fixed now…
this bill will create a more innovative and transparent regulatory environment to ensure continued american excepti…
rt  ashleestrong  so the facts clearly show this didn t happen  when do reporters stop using a democrat pejorative 
rt  repdianeblack  icymi  107 of my colleagues joined my letter to  speakerryan   gopleader &  stevescalise urging them to do everything in…
wonderful meeting with ambassador sergio amaral from brazil  we discussed my recent trip to  summitamericas and the…
check out these beauties  new fire engines in helena will save lives and homes  mtpol
 wipo
we enjoyed having you in  ar3   thank you for the visit 
happy mother s day to all the moms who give selfless and unconditional love every day — family is the greatest gift…
i m encouraged to see our businesses  like origin  doing so well and continuing to provide opportunities for so man…
it was an honor to present the carnegie medal to the loved ones of justin schroepfer  he was an incredible man who…
under president trump s leadership  america is learning anew what it looks like when promises are kept 
human trafficking is a modern-day version of slavery  and sadly  exists in many of our communities  in cny  organiz…
great to spend time with folks in memorial glen last night to discuss flood mitigation  the progress we ve made sin…
rt  reptedlieu  proud to support the u s a r i g h t s act with  amashoffice and a bipartisan and bicameral group of colleagues fighting to make su…
1 394 georgians died from an opioid overdose in 2016  one is too many  tune in to watch the the third…
 scottwongdc also on message   
 we are fortunate as a country to have leaders such as you who understand the challenges we face and are willing to…
waiting nearly two years to get a hearing decision is too long 
unemployment rate down  more jobs added  wages have increased  thank you taxreform  the economy is booming -- whi…
for now  conroy will remain in his post  and he ll do so with the support of at least one of new jersey s republica…
great discussion with a gov class at  tmccnevada  always nice to visit w/ students interested in civic engagement
rt  heardonthehill  barth  mika to return gop baseball team practice
to all those celebrating the first night of the festival of lights  happy hanukkah 
chairman  petesessions is on the  housefloor managing the rule for a resolution to provide maximum flexibility to reopen the government 
rt  houseforeign  royce urges admin to act against corrupt russian oligarchs
still time to vote in our immigration poll  over 4 000 responses so far 
in honor of national pet day  this year  we re introducing team hice s newest member   freyaonthehill  she loves nap…
happy birthday to abraham lincoln  our nation s 16th president 
talked to  governorkayivey this morning to make sure she knows i will do anything i can in…
rt  markamodeinv2   3/3  together  we were able to successfully shine the spotlight on a group of true american heroes   arlingtonnatl  rep…
i was deeply saddened to hear about the passing of reynolds fire chief richard sales  his dedicated service to the…
good read via  wsj  jimcarltonsf   the way it s going right now  the chances are slim to none we will have a crop  …
the  housecommerce  facebook  transparency and use of consumer data  hearing has started  watch online at
we believe the american people should keep more of their hard-earned money  so we wrote a tax code to create more j…
rt  toddstarnes  big show today with  diamondandsilk  jim_jordan  warrendavidson  vanhipp and  calebparke todd starnes show 12p-3p listen li…
today  the house took another step to combat human trafficking with the passage of h r  2219  this bill would targe…
more evidence republicans were right to oppose the obama iran nuclear deal 
the so-called dodd-frank legislation of 2010 i would argue was one of the most reactive pieces of legislation   
gina haspel should be confirmed as the first woman head of the cia  she is tough  experienced and backed by former…
this month  90% of americans are seeing bigger paychecks because of the tax cuts and jobs acts congressional republ…
rt  fwd_us  thank you rep  darrellissa  r-ca    reperikpaulsen  r-mn    repcurbelo  r-fl   rep   replancenj7  r-nj  protect dreamers  2/2 …
human trafficking has no place in our society  today  the house passed sweeping reforms to end trafficking
sad to learn of the passing of my colleague rep  louise slaughter  a true champion for women and wny  prayers for h…
 persistentthorn funding them is incredibly contentious and controversial  if it s a matter of eliminating the cont…
happy national agriculture cay  with over 5000 amazing central texas farmers   tx31  is thankful for all you do 
many thanks to  nj04  residents &  monarchhousing for helping to defend affordable housing and protect homeless vets
just landed at  flyfrompti  will be joining  wfmy in studio tonight  see you at 11pm  julie_luck and  chadsilber …
rt  kuhoops  final four bound   
spoke about the status of tax reform  our bill to hold iranian officials accountable  and more for this week s conn…
rt  monica_rousseau  standing room only at the  asap_pasco meeting  great great discussion w/rep  repgusbilirakis about  cara  2 0
rt  ncymcaalliance  alex pardue receives communityheroaward from  repmarkwalker for starting a feeding program for kids at the y  yadvoc…
proud to join  stevescalise on this effort  and thank him for his leadership 
i m getting ready for  sotu  with  cindyhydesmith and  gopleader
5 years in the making - proud to join  mikecrapo  senatorrisch  ronwyden and  forestservice to discuss the monument…
thanks to  senfeinstein for restoring bipartisanship to tahoesummit and support for fire prevention 
rt  stevescalise  the 2018 farm bill has bold reforms to help more americans achieve independence through gainful employment  see what leadi…
wh didn t try to bury schiff s memo  schiff loaded up memo w/sources-methods to play this exact game  redactions we…
may is mental health awareness month and kudos to steve and mary cassaday  hosts for the successful inaugural  spri…
rt  speakerryan  good news→ by a vote of 407 to 10  the house just passed the stop school violence act  which gives law enforcement  school…
rt  housecommerce  icymi  sub health chairman  michaelcburgess leads special order on the house floor on the opioid crisis &gt &gt 
joined together with every member of california s house delegation on a bipartisan basis — all 53 republicans and d…
tomorrow is the deadline for the congressional art competition  i look forward to seeing all the art submissions …
the redesignation of n korea as a state sponsor of terror  ssot  is an overdue & essential measure in the peaceful…
thank you ambassador  nikkihaley for demanding freedom for the venezuelan people  they have suffered under oppressi…
hard to negotiate anything when the hostage has been shot and bleeding out     daca doesn t expire until march but…
ga congressional republicans call on obama to put aside partisan politics  urge immediate passage of zika funding
rt  waysandmeansgop  after tax day – with the frustration of dealing with the irs fresh in our minds – now is the perfect time to vote on l…
last night i participated in a symposium at the library of congress commemorating the 20th anniversary of the good…
honored to congratulate j p  schuchardt from cape girardeau on his appointment to the u s  naval academy  service…
while i support a full debate on immigration policy  let s not forget that democrats have repeatedly rejected repub…
we talked about the importance of increased funding for the  nih which i am fighting hard for in the house  i was i…
rt  reprichhudson  incredible news for the american people  20 000 new american jobs  a new u s  campus  and  350 billion investment to the…
rt  sentoomey  i am glad that both chambers were able to work in a bipartisan manner to combat the unconscionable practice of online sex tr…
this morning my sub-committee heard the testimony of  giancarlocftc of the  cftc  the chairman provided insight int…
rt  edworkforce  new   virginiafoxx statement on fiduciaryrule
i visited lee container in homerville this week to discuss the benefits of tax reform for businesses in ga-1  text…
rt  drnealdunnfl2  from protecting crop insurance to streamlining burdensome regulations  we are fixing the farm bill to protect and suppor…
this is an issue that s too important not to have a debate on  it s time to secure our borders and provide a perman…
rt  repandybarr  i am pleased that my bill  h r  5655  the camp nelson heritage national monument act  passed the  natresources committee t…
  replukemesser  millennials are largest/most educated/most diverse in american history  they will shape america s economy  g o p future
regulations focus of congressman s business round table via  timesrecordnews  inglejohn1973
meeting of my youth advisory committee today with the  secretservice - learning about their various missions & publi…
you can read more about the heroism of these officers here 
at noon et today  senators durbin and duckworth will have another opportunity to allow a vote to fund our governmen…
rt  transport  chairman shuster s statement on the white house s infrastructure principles  infrastructure plan
 tx25  elected me to bring conservative values to washington  and with less than a day to read the 2 232-page-bill …
their family and friends risk losing a loved one  but know the dignity of their decision  these brave young men and…
the national cherry blossom festival kicked off saturday and will last until 4/1  more than 1 5 million people head…
national pet day  flashback to getting hazel trained up quite awhile ago  she was timid    not…
obama wants the government to fund elections  corruption   sotu 
one year ago today  justice gorsuch was confirmed to the supreme court  since then  he has more than lived up to hi…
rt  houseappropsgop  the continuing resolution has passed the house on a vote of 231-188 
 leadership means listening   - david fuson
thank you to all who have expressed concern about my safety  i had a breakfast appointment in washington  d c  this…
barbara bush leaves a profound legacy as a descendent  wife  and mother of presidents  my heartfelt condolences go…
g o p workingfor women is live talking private sector strategies to help women get ahead
congratulations to our new  nasa administrator   repjbridenstine  nasa is lucky to have your leadership 
mike pompeo is an honorable man  a respected leader  he has proven himself  and i congratulate him on his confirmat…
rt  gopoversight    tgowdysc  our justice system must be respected and worthy of respect  our justice system must be fair in reality and p…
rt  deahq  use the cool  google locator tool to find the d e a take back location nearest you 
the system in place that allowed dr  larry nassar to abuse hundreds of young athletes goes beyond just usa gymnasti…
rt  careadvocacy    congressmandan visiting christian park village in escanaba  mi
it was great to speak with the harris county farm bureau and tour the diversified trees facility last week
 alanbalutis we get to practice at 6 00am in the morning so that we can be back at the hill by 8am in order to work…
rt  freedomcaucus  the  freedomcaucus officially opposes the omnibus  statement attached 
   and the ways the u s  can be a world leader in medical treatment breakthroughs   va10 
  nasa needs a new permanent administrator  i joined  fednewsradio recently to talk about this priority 
life is precious and gift from god  to know someone with down syndrome is to know someone who has an incredible cap…
sent a letter today to  potus  encouraging him to continue to fight for wisconsin dairy in nafta renegotiations 
when we build the wall we can also protect our environment 
there is a better way to fight poverty in america  watch live here 
joined bob marro  adamscenter_ for a forum about the plight of the rohingya people  we were joined by dr  wakar ud…
thanksgiving day invites us to reflect on the blessings we enjoy & the freedoms we cherish
great to hear from msu students today about trio  a program that helps low-income and first-generation college stud…
miss libby from smiths station had me laughing during her visit to my office yesterday   al03 
thank you to the  flafarmbureau and florida house rep  rick roth for stopping by to talk about natural resource con…
this week  we honor the men and women in uniform who made the ultimate sacrifice while serving our country  law enf…
today s passage of the bipartisan stop school violence act will help make our schools safer by providing training to…
our budget process is broken  and a balanced budget amendment to the u s  constitution is exactly the mechanism we…
my bill requires annual reports from  ftc on consumer protection investigations disrupt f t c
rt  repanniekuster  tune in to watch the bipartisan heroin task force live   reptommacarthur and i are joined by fellow task force members…
thank you to bob wooddy at  wani  for having me on the station today to discuss the impacts of the farm bill on east…
frightening images from the duluth area  my thoughts are with those affected 
it was my pleasure to speak to this group of pastors at the capitol today about my path to congress 
this week is hurricane preparedness week  here are some helpful tips to make sure we are ready for the upcoming hurr…
honored to receive the 2018 innovator in biotechnology award from  iambiotech this week and excited to continue adv…
fake news
rt  repjoewilson   fy19ndaa  readiness subcommittee en bloc amendment package number two passes 
excited to join  ingrahamangle on  foxnews to discuss the house intel committee s vote to release the memo  tunein at 8 20 pm mt 
  repmarkmeadows  i am pleased to hold this oversight hearing to examine the use of tax-exempt private activity bon…
enjoyed speaking with the kiwanis club of jackson today  thanks for having me 
rt  jparkabc  in 1971   reppittenger served as a caddy for rev  billy graham at the byron nelson pro-am  graham thanked him by gifting him…
today  along with mike armor with the appalachian regional commission  arc   i had the   
the tax cut and jobs act will provide a much needed tax break for hardworking americans for the first time in 31 years…
today we remember all the medal of honor recipients who were awarded the united states of america s highest militar…
joining  hughhewitt at 7 35 am et to talk news of the day  tune in here 
happy national teacher day  thank you to all the teachers in  ca50  working hard to make a difference every day  thank a teacher
opposing the u n  security council s anti-israel resolution
rt  washtimes   success requires congress to work together on a fiscally responsible  forward-looking  bipartisan plan  and it also require…
when i toured the  sitemancenter facility in south county earlier this week  i saw firsthand the state of the art t…
the farm bill offers long-term stability and certainty to our farmers and ranchers so that they can continue to pro…
please join me and lightit up blue with  autismspeaks to promote understanding and acceptance for the millions of pe…
dear fiction writer rhodes  there s a huge difference  president obama treated israel like iran & iran like israel …
rt  lpnews1898  comite river diversion canal tapped as top priority of capital region lawmakers for legislative session
rt  thehill  condoleezza rice to top intel dem on trump-russia probe  you need to  wrap it up 
honored to mark the 9/11 national memorial trail s first trail blaze in randolph  connects wtc  pentagon  flight 9…
  hurstonaustin thanks for your question  if we want the best education for our kids  we have to invest in their te…
joyce and i are praying for senator mccain to make a strong and speedy recovery 
this bill has good parts and bad  but in times like this you either stand with president  realdonaldtrump and our u…
rt  peterzampa    replynnjenkins  who lead house effort to award gold medal  praises her  mentor    senatordole   wibw
there is a chance for severe storms tomorrow  please continue to monitor forecast and take shelter if necessary 
rewriting immigration laws through eos  like daca  is not acceptable  decision must be made by congress  not exec  fiat  //bit ly/2gjfjra
about to join  johnmuirwtaq on  wsau &  newstalkwtaq  tune in 
the holy city  jerusalem  is finally rightfully home to our embassy  let today s dedication be a world-wide remind…
i commend  upstatenews for acting swiftly on recs from our mental health task force report & opening an inpatient…
my illinois  housegop colleagues and i again urge  senatordurbin  senduckworth to re-open the government immediate…
enjoyed getting to visit with these fine folks from east alabama…
mr  crenshaw s life has taken him across the globe  from serving our country in wwii to spreading the gospel of jes…
i ll be leading debate on the house floor shortly 
the stop school violence act incorporates key elements from legislation i introduced earlier this month  the securi…
sterrx in plattsburgh has helped bring well-paying jobs to our region by providing innovative solutions to the phar…
this project is of critical importance to our nation s economy and would create thousands of jobs for the highly sk…
today i was honored to receive the  uschamber s spirit of enterprise award for supporting policies in congress to s…
 fosta  is now law  thank you to all the survivors  advocates  law enforcement officials  and colleagues who helped…
rt  idahopubradio    mikecrapo   senatorrisch   congmikesimpson   ronwyden  and acting  forestservice chief vicki christiansen were  blmnif…
rt  gop  because of the tax cuts & jobs act  nearly 300 companies have already pledged to offer bonuses  pay raises  or increased employee…
rt  smallbizcmte  opinion  during national smallbusinessweek chairman  senatorrisch penned this op-ed on the current state of small busine…
rt  houseappropsgop  this morning  chairman  tomcoleok04 leads a hearing on investments in our health workforce and rural communities  tune…
thank you dakota crow from the  bgclubmuskegon for speaking with the students about being leaders in the community…
rt  smithsusgovrel  thank you  repmarkmeadows for visiting flex-tek in arden  nc today 
   of law makes america possible  without it  the freedoms we hold dear would be consumed and destroyed by history …
cutting red tape and getting the government out of the way is already helping small businesses across the country …
thank you  realdonaldtrump for fulfilling your promise to rebuild our military by supporting the bipartisan budget act 
yesterday i joined  okcfox to discuss the latest in washington  watch here 
419-3  that s bipartisanship  your house voted to hold north korea  iran  and russia accountable for their aggressive behaviors 
i echo the president s call for more bipartisanship on the big issues facing our nation  republicans and democrats…
happy birthday  president lincoln   government of the people  by the people  for the people  shall not perish fro…
rt  wacofdn  as waco foundation celebrates our 60th anniversary  we take time to remember our history and the philanthropists whose charita…
congratulations and thank you to all students who participated in this year s congressional art competition  i m so…
i ll chalk your insults up to your ignor…
⚡️house science weekly wrap-up ⤵️
rt  foxnews    repleezeldin   president trump is still very interested in being able to get a great immigration bill done as quickly as pos…
rt  morning_edu   house panel probes campus espionage 
rt  gopleader  why are you holding our troops and the government hostage for an unrelated immigration fight  schumer shutdown
rt  repdandonovan  i just opened my  househomeland subcommittee hearing on anti-terror support to high-risk areas  watch live here 
no more complicated taxes  next year our newly reformed tax code has not only created a pro-growth economy but all…
supported the right to try act tonight to help terminally-ill patients access potentially life-saving treatments  give them hope
  usrepgarypalmer at  gopoversight hrg  it comes across that some really want to see ppl remain dependent on the go…
rt  greenberetfound  today we remember master sgt  richard l  ferguson on the fourteenth anniversary of his passing  msg ferguson was assig…
 true_american14  numismatics the most relevant coursework would include thermodynamics  differential equations  pr…
today  it was announced that bradley county  tn is the recipient of a veterans home construction grant totaling ove…
next stop in williams county today was at 2020 custom molded plastics  they increased employees wages by  1 200  inve…
 meyerhorvath  txdot  txdotcommission  harrisonjudge really enjoyed meeting with y all today 
the broadcom-  qualcomm deal would ve endangered america s national security by potentially giving the chinese gov …
rt  lenbermansports  i m setting the congressman straight on taxes homeland security and the mets  or maybe he s setting me straight  i ll…
 rawstory
i will join  morningsmaria on  foxbusiness at 7am to discuss latest news and yesterday s  financialcmte hearing wit…
unclassified  americans deserve to know the truth  no one is above the law  f i s a memo
 lizzdregne  ericgeller the evidence such volume of would take too much time to hack  inside download quick and easily disguised
we owe it to taxpayers to use government buildings efficiently 
corporal dale hallman with saluda county sheriff s office in south carolina tragically died when his patrol car fli…
thanks so much to the students  teachers & parents from light of the world academy in pinckney for taking the time…
congratulations to chrislyn marrs of west vigo high school for winning the people s choice award for the 2018 congr…
rt  housegop  we believe in the opportunity for every american to earn success  which is why we are investing back into snap s employment &…
i m excited to serve on  goppolicy next year to help develop commonsense policy solutions 
i strongly urge potus to rethink this misguided tariffs policy  it s too broad & will likely cost more american ma…
ready for a great conversation   harrisfaulkner  outnumberedot  texans  tune in around 12 30 p m  ct  1 30 p m  et  
beautiful art from our constituents who came to visit this week  cherry blossoms  and a picture of our great state 
i was honored to join law enforcement officers & their families from around america as a distinguished guest at the…
john s testimony was stellar  thanks for coming and sharing your story with the committee   johnscrazysocks 
today  the veterans band of corpus christi and the nueces county veterans service office commemorated the 50th anni…
rt  drewpetrimoulx    robert_aderholt defends president after comey hearing  wiat42  rocketcitynow
 amylaitinen1 i ve been compared to worse 
thankful to have worked to stop wasteful spending on unnecessary animal experiments & to be a  whitecoatwaste  cong…
our modern fish act and two other common-sense amendments were also approved wednesday as part of broader committee…
rt  eldervoice_mn  thank you  reperikpaulsen for meeting with us  elder abuse
  iubloomington iu moneysmarts program helps students make informed financial decisions before/during/after college g o p future millennials
icymi  ny is getting over  25 million to combat the opioid epidemic – new funding created by the 21st century cures…
 brmclean13  theleegreenwood  randpaul  bradwenstrup  helpingahero 🤦🏻‍♂️ and i misspelled independence  i m honore…
great meeting with the  ameriburn association  nurses from loyola universities  burn center  and surgeons from…
here are the specific amounts alabama and our two coastal counties will receive under today s  gomesa  announcement …
may love and light fill your home this hanukkah  chag sameach 
rt  freedomcaucus  the  single  biggest threat to national security  is the debt - -  washtimes  repandybiggsaz
i stopped by the white house to see the  potus 
despite the scotus decision  i m committed to repealing every single word of obamacare  tcot
congrats to huntsville s  dynetics on winning a nasa contract for the space launch system  makespacegreatagain
i will host u s  service academy day this saturday with representatives from  westpoint_usma   navalacademy  mercha…
fair assessment 
3/4 … courage of the first responders on the scene  i am praying for strength for the families of the victims and healing for those who…
enjoyed a great meeting  and great food   with leaders in louisiana s restaurant industry  which is so important to…
last week i was on  afrnet s washington watch w/ dr  everett piper to discuss the house passage of the fy18 budget 
this week the american people celebrated tax day by saying good riddance to an old  broken  outdated tax code  tax…
at yesterday s  housecommerce hearing  i asked  secretaryperry about energy security issues  glad to have his suppo…
halloween is a great day to spend with the little ones  reading  b is for big sky  to 2nd & 3rd graders in whitefish
how the tax cuts and jobs act helps americans of all walks of life
thanks for your question  rongillespie6  i believe that if you re old enough to serve in our military  you re old e…
i want to thank my mother  my wonderful wife  and all the strong women out there who take on the greatest responsib…
found this picture from last week in greenfield  i m happy to be back in iowa and traveling around the third distri…
rt  rsi    reploudermilk  the merit act answers president trump s call
this tax day is the last time americans will use the outdated tax system thanks to the tax cutsand jobs act  since it…
on may 8th  we will have executives from five of the major drug distributors before  housecommerce to testify on th…
on this day in 1831  the new york and harlem railway was incorporated in new york city   nyc 
another great student leadership summit in the books   sls2018 
this morning  the subcommittee on the interior  energy and environment  which i chair  is holding a hearing to exam…
  repmccaul   i saw the rise of isis under my chairmanship for six years — president obama did virtually nothing to…
congratulations to mayor latoya cantrell  i look forward to working together in the future 
rt  setharichardson    ivankatrump to tout father s tax plan at rocky river town hall friday
alarming news for wisconsin →  npr reports  the largest regional increase occurred in the midwest  which saw a 69 7…
great meeting with mayor jessup  hal jay & other fort bend community leaders this morning to discuss harvey relief…
every 30 seconds  a child is sold for sex  while we often think of it as a problem that primarily exists overseas …
earlier today i joined  alivelshi on  msnbc to discuss today s zuckerberg hearing  watch below to see more 
happy 110th birthday to the  usarmyreserve  thank you to all the brave soldiers for your service  dedication and s…
great night at  librarycongress congressional dialogues to hear  jmeacham discuss his book on andrew jackson  w/ my…
rt  reptipton  icymi  last night  the house passed my legislation which will expand access to mobile banking  learn more about the mobile a…
rt  repbrianhiggins  in our joint letter  we  along with  repchriscollins  are asking  usgsa to fast track construction of a new u s  plaza…
i believe we could be on the verge of a historic breakthrough with north korea thanks to the leadership of  potus …
a special thank you to the citizen patrol of carrollton  these selfless volunteers provide extra eyes and ears for…
thornberry commends epa for rescinding oil and gas regulation
thank you to  mschlapp   jimdemint  and jared kushner for joining us at the rsc lunch to discuss the importance of…
posey announces 2016 congressional art competition winners
see below for a great white paper on how the farm bill affects community banks like the ones that employ 20 000 fol…
dyk  small businesses employ over 47% of private sector employees in the usa  making them the backbone of our econo…
rt  nbcsandiego  lilac fire  we have a full list of evacuation orders and warnings on our site --&gt 
rt  963theblazefm  ryan zinke slams dod for demanding return of military bonuses from guard members
the recent excavation of lydia hamilton smith and thaddeus stevens  house in lancaster uncovered a passageway that…
the findings of this f i s a memo ought to be of concern to all americans  reading both the majority & minority commit…
rt  annaewiernicki  icymi  95 year old phil crenshaw of lubbock texas  the last living wwii chaplain s assistant  was the guest chaplain in…
speaker paul ryan has served the house of representatives and his constituents very ably and with sterling integrit…
rt  susanwbrooks  thanks to the tax cuts and jobs act  companies in indiana & across the country are providing new benefits to their employees…
rt  housecommerce  chairman  repgregwalden sub oversight chairman  greggharper and ranking member  repdianadegette and  repmckinley giving…
financial literacy is important at every age  thanks to  natljumpstart  my  finlitcaucus co-chair  repbeatty  and e…
  pattiberi is one of the most thoughtful  knowledgeable & strategic legislators  he s been a tireless advocate for the ppl of oh-12   1/3 
i will continue to be a champion for our farmers and for smart trade policies that put eastern washington first 
the obamacare individual mandate is a tax on low and middle income hoosiers  plain and simple  i agree with  potus…
if you are a teenager & believe you won t be responsible enough to own a gun until 21  why should you vote before 21 
carteret county  we are live  to join the telephone town hall  i encourage you to call directly to  888  480-3626 …
 toddhagopian calling names & claiming those who disagree with u r anti-science says a lot about u  so far trumps g…
good read   small business workers saw their wages grow at the strongest rate in 2 years  survey  via  cnbc ⬇️https //t co/nyxpthfudg
read all about it  consumer optimism is at an all-time high for the first time in 14 years thanks to the…
2 million workers  & counting  are already seeing the benefits of the republican taxreform bill   stevescalise has…
as tax day approaches  it s important to watch out for fraud targeting taxpayers  here are some resources to help y…
great visits today in harrisonburg  first  i visited the ariake production plant and saw a variety of broths and s…
 senatemajldr please pass kate s law before her killer is deported and returns 
i was honored to have been presented the spirit of enterprise  uschamber award this morning at coffee and conversat…
learn more about how to participate in the congressional art competition  attend the academy forum  and more in my…
rt  speakerryan  senate democrats have let down our troops  our children  and all americans  all of this is just unnecessary  it is reckles…
    i look forward to working closely with them over the next weeks and months to complete all 12 appropriations bi…
rt  repadriansmith  had a great conversation in york about tax reform and the need to connect people not currently in the workforce with ec…
rt  fwoem  strong thunderstorms moving across southern tarrant county  monitor weather closely and take precautions 
i am proud to stand with my colleagues to defend the second amendment rights of law-abiding americans  read more …
if we are to have any success in the fight against the opioid epidemic  federal  state  and local law enforcement m…
  potus is right  we risk the entire nations security by allowing sanctuary cities to break federal law  that is wh…
tune into  650keni now to catch my conversation with rick rydell  listen in here ➡️
last month  for 1st time in 4 years  u s  dropped more bombs on insurgent operations in afghanistan than iraq/syria…
great meeting with  cleanairmoms_il - thank you for the valentines from our district kids for heart health month …
prayers for the protection of our service members engaged in tonight s action in syria 
thank you for keeping our roads safe today  stay updated on road closures throughout the storm 
if you don t already  i encourage you to sign up for my email newsletter and stay up to date on my work for you her…
rt  pinkconcussions  thank u  billpascrell  tomrooney  repgwenmoore for hosting the briefing tomorrow on female brain injury   domestic vio…
rt  speakerryan  the good economic news keeps coming in  1️⃣9️⃣ 8️⃣% increase in hiring last month 6️⃣ 5️⃣5️⃣ million open jobs 3️⃣  4️⃣%…
i helped introduce a bill to permanently extend the personal tax cuts signed into law so sw wa taxpayers have more…
just sent letter asking  jeffsessions to appoint special counsel to investigate decisions/activities re fisa abuse …
great seeing my friend  mayor steve ware  at our town hall in hueytown last night    hueytown …
happy mother s day 
icymi  last night i led a group of members from the mi and il delegations in one hour of speeches on the house floo…
i ll be dialing into the  docwashburn show at 2 05 p m  i hope you can tune in  ar4 arpx arnews
tune into  foxnews at 7pm et  chairman  repmccaul will discuss the latest developments of the austin bombings with…
this is fantastic news for hardworking minnesotans at  bestbuy as tax reform is working for  mn02   
i thank the  natresources federal lands subcommittee &  repmcclintock for their unanimous support for my bipartisan…
rt  thedailybeast  dan coats  director of national intelligence  warned that national debt poses a  dire  national security threat
thank you to panama city beach fire chief john daly for dedicating your life to keeping our communities safe 
icymi  the farm bill passed out of committee yesterday  want to learn more  visit my website and let me know what y…
in just a few short minutes  i ll be joining  powerlunch on  cnbc to discuss tax reform  tune in 
happy to have have father-son day in dc with patrick 
this week is national park week  check out the beautiful  bigbendnps  which offers 150 miles of hiking trails …
tax reform continues to work for the american people  great video from  gopleader highlighting just a few of the ma…
in case you missed it last week    the  usairforce announced ellsworth is 1 of 3 reasonable alternatives for the up…
it was great to be in rogersville this weekend for the chamber of commerce s legislative breakfast 
rt  jonathanvswan  rsc chair  repmarkwalker takes another shot at mcconnell over rescissions via  wsjopinion
my amndt to ndaa strengthens nation s missile defense system & authorizes 28 additional ground-based interceptors…
wishing a happy birthday to the  usnationalguard  thank you for being alwaysready & alwaysthere for 381 years   tnmilitarydept
marion co shelters open at 5 00pm  for location details  special needs  pet friendly  etc call 352-369-7500 or visit
thanks to the community coming together and helping clean up a new gateway to allsopp park in  littlerockark…
enjoyed being a part of calvert s 150th anniversary celebration and presenting mayor greaves with a copy of the con…
rt  93wibc    repjimbanks on the prospects for a peace deal with north korea 
rt  danaperino  i will be speaking to  speakerryan at 2pm in his first one-on-one interview since making the announcement he will not seek…
 defendourfuture finding new ways to de-politicize this issue and providing those in positions of influence with a…
  cfpbdirector is right when he says the  cfpb is  far too powerful  and with precious little oversight of its acti…
rt  davhq  we strongly support the va mission act of 2018 introduced by  housevetaffairs chairman  drphilroe with support of  vachair  sena…
congratulations to 2018 congressional art competition second place winner  rilee howard  of  litchfieldps  her phot…
rt  secretservice  our k9 team members are some of the most award winning and highly trained dogs in the world    they re journey of servic…
news   1 8 billion fermilab project clears big hurdle   the step forward came when the house unanimously approved a…
under our new tax code  the typical family of four will see a tax cut of  2059  with a nearly doubled standard dedu…
decisive  appropriate  timely action by  jeffsessions to fire andrew mccabe  doj/fbi are legendary  historic  impor…
rt  the_news_herald  supreme court weighs arguments in water wars
the foodservice distribution industry is critical to restaurants and businesses throughout  ga10   and i m grateful…
w/ so many rail passengers crossing daily b/w nj & nyc & the tunnel in need of repair  the time to build the gatewa…
passed  this afternoon the u s  house of representatives passed my bill  h r  378  the bonuses for cost-cutters act…
the middle class and small businesses got tremendous relief this year  since we passed the tax cuts & jobs act  rou…
  reploubarletta in  pennlive   after slashing washington regulation  the economy has responded       a million job…
wishing a very happy birthday to  govwalker today 
when i was with others on the battlefield & we saw a chance to save a life  we didn t have a meeting about it  we a…
with the passing of louise slaughter  the house has lost a passionate representative and true leader  from her rule…
big monday night game  let s go   chiefs   chiefs kingdom
looking forward to having ryno come to the state of the union as my guest   copsdoughnuts is a growing business and…
great to meet with the adjutant general of  inguardsman  major general carr and colonel lyles  thank you for your o…
today our office attended the groundbreaking ceremony for wright park in dunkirk  ny  through federal support  this…
great to speak with sheriff clarke and a fellow north carolinian  mark robinson  at this year s  nra…
rt  shopfloornam  at our september board meeting   realdonaldtrump declared tax reform would be  rocket fuel  for the economy  our latest…
i m proud to be a co-chair of the bus caucus 
judges 8 23 but gideon said to them   i will not rule over you  nor shall my son rule over you  the lord shall rule over you  
 reptomreed honored to work w/my friend  reptomreed & all members of the problem solvers caucus goodteam
rt  foxbusiness    reptomreed on immigration overhaul failure   maybe what s going on here is a little bit more about politics than substan…
 murphtag  indivisibleca48  breitbartnews american people don t want war with russia elites who do r underming efforts 2 improve relations
no fake news here – the american economy finally is working for the american people  in mere months  we already are…
icymi  my full statement on the federal government reopening  end of schumer shutdown →
  cbcnews   investment is flowing out of canada and into u s  after tax changes  rbc president says 
it was great visiting with you all 
i m about to join  savejersey for a facebook live  click here to check it out 
rt  jecrepublicans  obamacare s broken promises mean higher rates  fewer choices  check out your state s obamacare snapshot
as i ve said before  we clearly can t tax our way to solvency 
my statement on obamacare repeal 
he said fraud prosecution is important & they re working to increase preventative activities to identify fraud quicker with afes 6/6
happy birthday to the love of my life and my best friend  jacquie 
great to run into one of our service academy nominees from two years ago at  iflymia  this patriot says that plebe…
more great news thanks to tax cuts and jobs act
congratulations to michigander  des_linden  who just became the first american women to win the boston marathon sin…
rt  um_dcoffice    repwalberg gives the keynote speech at the 2018  umich congressional breakfast  a wonderful overview of um s role and co…
this afternoon  cathy mcmorris rodgers and i joined with ndss in front of the capitol to…
just met with a dedicated group of pro-israel  aipac constituents from florida s 16th congressional district  i a…
grand re-opening of downtown marietta businesses this afternoon   many affected by last week s high water and heavy…
the tax cuts and jobs act brings more great news to michiganders – lower utility rates  
today  america mourns the loss of an icon  former first lady barbara bush was the symbol of grace when serving as 1…
next tuesday  my hayward office will be hosting a senior educational fair at the senior resource center 
i m saddened and heartbroken over the terrible loss of life in today s senseless shooting  my prayers are with ever…
i m looking forward to joining you   vp
rt  ascassociation  thank you  peterroskam for touring the midwest center for day surgery on monday 
human trafficking is a heinous crime has had a devastating impact on our society  that s why i participated in a…
rt  hascrepublicans  folks - ndaa youtube live-stream is switching to part 2 - keep watching here   fy19ndaa   ndaa 
coming up at 10am  subcommittee hearing on  closing the skills gap  private sector solutions for america s workforc…
governor reynolds has signed the most significant piece of legislation in iowa history  my thanks to the iowa gener…
2  the tax cuts & jobs act has paved the way towards lower tax rates and creating a fairer tax code that works hand…
rt  houseagnews  rural america is hurting  over the last five years  net farm income has been cut in half  strong farm policy provides a sa…
  laurenelaine_16 askbradwenstrup
  secretaryzinke  president  realdonaldtrump and i are 100% committed to keeping our border communities and the ame…
rep  mcclintock today announced his resignation from the house freedom caucus
congrats lady bearcats on taking home the state basketball championship title  and an awesome job to the boys on th…
rt  tmjassociation  thank you  congmikesimpson for your remarks at a a d r f n i d c r advocacy day as well as your commitment to scientific research…
rt  whitehouse  president trump s initiative to stop opioids abuse and reduce drug supply and demand will confront the driving forces behin…
every day  law enforcement officers put their lives on their line to keep our communities safe  today  we thank the…
rt  financialcmte  today  house passes  reppoliquin bill 395-19 to protect investments of hardworking americans ➡
glad that  potus is looking ahead for americans and understands that american goods and innovation are good for wor…
9  why did the fbi release text messages between peter strzok and lisa page  normally  ongoing investigation is rea…
joining  foxandfriends to talk with  stevedoocy about why i nominated  realdonaldtrump for the 2019 nobel peace pri…
today  on holocaust remembrance day  we pause to remember the six million jewish people who lost their lives during…
this presentation from  netanyahu is worth your time  iran continues to mislead the international community about i…
thanks to everyone who joined us for coffee hour today in coldwater 
sad to hear about the passing of my former colleague and good friend bill harris  my condolences to his son scott a…
📺 stream live now  hearing on welfare and childcare 
rt  whioradio  right now   repmiketurner is live with  chriscollins381  he is discussing schoolsafety and wright patt  click to listen onl…
in honor of vietnam war veterans day  my office has a limited supply of vietnam veteran lapel pins and va pins recogn…
yesterday  house republicans signed a discharge petition to force a vote on four different immigration reform propo…
looking forward to the 115th congress  it s a great privilege and honor to serve oklahoma s 3rd district 
 1  be kind to one another  2  don t stay on the sidelines  make a difference   det  chris goergen  sls2018 
rt  housegop    potus  as we rebuild our industries  it is also time to rebuild our crumbling infrastructure   sotu 
i m at  hasc  asking mattis about  deptofdefense budget request  watch live 
 chelliepingree i m pleased to have worked closely with the entire maine delegation and to hear from all stakeholde…
rt  usgvc  thank you   repdianeblack  for meeting with the  usgvc today  great to talk about the incredible impact of global value chains to…
rt  fineout  s fla gop member
rt  byrontau  i usually avoid editorializing about what s in bills congress is about to pass  but this is awesome  crs is a gem and their r…
 defendourfuture i m proud the climate solutions caucus has gotten 36 republican members in the house on the record…
congressman griffith s weekly e-newsletter 6 26 17
icymi  earlier this month  i joined a bipartisan group of my colleagues on a letter to the appropriations committee…
great to speak at the murray county chamber of commerce annual luncheon yesterday  special thanks to state rep  joh…
rt  sarahdwire    darrellissa says in statement he still objects the tax bill  saying he will  oppose both proposals in their current form …
we re still here in the house ready for the senate to act on our legislation--or any legislation--to fund the gover…
pleased to join  speakerryan in applauding the house for passing the make american secure & prosperous appropriatio…
at approx 5 15pm est/2 15pm az on cspan  i will be on the  housefloor speaking about the importance of keeping america s finances solvent 
while there is still room for improvement  we have made progress at the va thanks to the va accountability first ac…
rt  stevescalise  the list of benefits workers are seeing from tax reform is longer than a cvs receipt 
this bill is widely supported by elected officials  agencies  businesses  organizations and individuals – 6 000 and counting 
rt  fwd_us  thank you  repdavidvaladao for your continued leadership & for signing onto the bipartisan d r e a m act to protect dreamers 
the president s rejection of keystone continues his trend of blocking pro-growth policies   
the hearing on  chip  & protecting seniors  access to medicare act is starting now  watch here —&gt 
happy presidents  day 
calling all  nc08  job-seekers   sdcoffeetea is hosting a job fair at  rcccedu tomorrow  the company is hiring multi…
this week  i attended the  incounties southwest regional meeting in huntingburg where i was pleased to recognize 4t…
rt  bayoubuzzsteve  now rep  garret graves and  jimmy frederick of with the help of as we d…
as a member if the joint select committee on budget and appropriations i am delighted to participate in this mornin…
finally  the united states of america should continue to be the world leader in this technology  leading in ai wil…
my treating barriers to prosperity act will help recover the lost potential for economic growth in communities batt…
i visited the together community center in paradise  pa on tuesday morning to join constituents who are teachers  p…
 as tax cuts create new jobs  let us invest in workforce development and let s invest in job training  which we nee…
icymi yesterday  i was on  outnumberedot with  harrisfaulkner discussing potential talks with n  korea  the goal is…
trump-russia probe was continued  bc  realdonaldtrump was about to possibly win presidency  it s clear why doj/fbi…
the constitution secures every freedom we hold dear   lays out the best form of government the world has ever known  happy constitution day 
⚡️house science weekly wrap-up ⤵️
i am proud to partner with  repstephenlynch in this bipartisan effort to combat global corruption 
 jasoninthehouse the michael horowitz ig report will be delivered to jeff sessions very soon  our ag must wait for…
last week i called for the release of names and settlement amounts of members of congress who are accused of sexual…
rt  calfiresandiego  lilac fire [update] great oaks high school will be closing as an evacuation shelter  below are the two available at th…
rt  repjenniffer  small businesses are the engine of economic development in puerto rico  after the scourge of the hurricanes  irma and mar…
  repdianadegette  next year  a middle-income family of four in your district will receive a tax cut of  2 731  why…
in 2013  the government shutdown cost our economy  24 billion & directly hurt maine jobs & businesses  like those i…
new in  girlboss→ here s why we need more women in congress making their voices heard 
 repgoodlatte   our founding fathers realized that intellectual property protections were crucial to ensure that am…
rt  houseappropsgop  icymi  last night  chairman  usreprodney introduced a bill providing  81 billion in emergency funding to help american…
celebrated on the third monday of february  presidents  day honors all of those who have served as president of the…
absolutely heartbroken by this tragedy  prayers for the family and the five precious futures lost  we will be watch…
next year on tax day  american families will get to keep more of their money thanks to the tax cutsand jobs act  pres…
 dougstafford eeegads  maybe i should remove the  friends of coal  plates from my tesla  sassywithmassie
in  wsj ➡️ in many states  students at public universities foot biggest part of the bill
a little snow won t stop this crew from diving into talking trade  looking forward to hearing from fellow buckeye …
61% of americans oppose taxpayer funding of abortion  house votes today to make hyde amendment permanent whywemarch
great to be at missouri hardwoods in birch tree today  not only have their paychecks gone up  but they re using…
 today we say a prayer for our country  that all across this land the lord will raise up men and women like billy g…
o neal manufacturing services in ambridge is a metal service industry leader  supplying necessary parts for equipme…
thanks to all who came out today to coffee w/your congressman and neighborhood office hours  here s where you can f…
rt  growthenergy   growthenergy members are on the hill today meeting with members of congress  thank you  rodneydavis for supporting biof…
 the owners of american small businesses are seeing blue skies in the economy as they continue to create jobs and i…
rt  housegop  welcome back   stevescalise  we are thankful to have you back with us  scalisestrong
did you know there s a new  deptvetaffairs welcome kit to help veterans get connected with the va  if you re a vete…
rt  financialcmte  video   repannwagner   repandybarr   reppoliquin   reploudermilk  and  reptomemmer share stories of taxcuts making a re…
kate steinle s family suffered a terrible loss  only now to be denied justice  her killer shouldn t have even been…
happy birthday   speakerryan  it is an honor to serve alongside you  and a pleasure to call you a friend  may the y…
earlier from fox business 
👍  americans  views of national economic conditions continue to improve  with the share saying the economy is in go…
since the enactment of tax reform and pro-growth policies  the u s  economy has flourished  unemployment hit 3 9% i…
i m so proud to work alongside  adl_national - from working to achieve  lgbtq  equality  advocating for immigration…
praying for the victims of today s cowardly act of terror in nyc  thank you to the first responders & law enforcement for their quick action
tune in to  c4show on  wbalradio at 10 30 for the latest update on how congress is going to deliver tax reform
i ve heard from a lot of ninth district residents concerned about school safety  a bill i cosponsored  the school r…
happy 215th birthday to the great state of ohio  be sure to share your buckeye pride today and every day  o-h 
happy to welcome home our three americans from north korea tonight & grateful to the leadership of  secpompeo and…
pleased that kettle creek battlefield in  ga10  is receiving some much-deserved recognition  i was happy to sit down…
rear admiral june ryan talking about finding your passion insightful women
rt  houseagnews  chairman  conawaytx11  secretarysonny & house ag members took a tour of the  fpshow following today s listening session re…
our country was forever altered 16 yrs ago  we witnessed the heart & fortitude of americans amidst terrorism & loss…
below is the link to  txdps iwatch website where you can report suspicious activities or behaviors that may indicat…
today the house passed the hurricane harvey aid package  we must also continue praying for those affected during th…
rt  speakerryan  we have the greatest fighting force in the world  but we have asked them to do more with less for too long  the result→ a…
opening day at montauk state park  great to see so many folks enjoying nature and catching some pretty impressive t…
i met with iowans from the national kidney foundation to talk about legislation i support which will help folks suf…
rt  stephaniewjhg   drnealdunnfl2 is hosting an opioid listening session at  baycountyso this morning  this session is for leaders  law enf…
tune into tonight s tele-town hall  which begins at 6 30pm pst by clicking here 
5g is critical to keeping america competitive and connected  thrilled to hear more about commissioner carr s plan f…
rt  acscanmichigan  ty for mtg w us  congressmandan  and thx for cosponsoring access to colorectal cancer screenings  cancer lobby day
rt  housecommerce  full cmte convenes first of two markups on legislation aimed at combating the opioid crisis along with consideration of…
congrats to  kimmiecandy in reno on receiving the  e  award – the highest honor any american exporter can receive 
great to see a boost in confidence for  iter and fusion science after last month s  housescience hearing on fusion…
today at 10am  housecommerce sub health is meeting on combating the opioid crisis  prevention and public health sol…
this morning  i participated in a meal-packing event hosted by the  kraftheinzco for rise against hunger  kraft hein…
who would ve thought there d ever be good news to share on tax day but here it is  this is the last year you will h…
rt  usarmyreserve  celebrating 110 years of service  u s a r birthday110
rt  wafb  update  livingston parish schools will be closed tomorrow &gt &gt 
big news   fema has announced that places of worship are now eligible to receive disaster relief funds  religious o…
it s a very special teacher appreciation week for mandy manning from spokane  who was named national teacher of the…
huge congrats to all the talented athletes from colorado who competed at the winter olympics in pyeongchang …
met with a group of  in05  dentists  dental students & advocates from the  amerdentalassn in washington today to dis…
rt  heardonthehill  there are 7 brothers in  repsmucker s family  all of them were in town this week because one brother  sam smucker  was…
at 4 pm est the committee will hold our first hearing on h r  3354  the make america secure and prosperous appropriations act  2018 
bipartisan bill  cathymcmorris and i introduced to save our dams just passed  natresources committee  great step for…
rt  cspanradio  listen and watch washington today  live on c-span radio and on c-span   stevescully and editor in chief of the hill  bobcus…
a year of draining the swamp  check out how the size and scope of overgrown  federal government bureaucracy was rol…
please join me in wishing every mom in  ga03  a wonderful mother s day 
gwyneth is a truly gifted artist  and millions of people will get to see her drawing   old man  in the  uscapitol t…
  asher_tobey thanks for your question 
met with ray and jeremy of the  mn_legion this morning to discuss what more can be done to help our veterans in the…
rt  pastorofhbc  great time meeting  praying with  and encouraging  repdianeblack today  tremendous lady with a heart for conservative valu…
  conawaytx11 at  aei   the path to prosperity is paved by hard work and a job  period   2018 farm bill s n a pmatters
everyone is staying at the  nafta  negotiating table and working through the details  demonstrating the commitment o…
my full statement on the house passed tax cuts and jobs act 
rt  natresources  tomorrow   natresources will meet to discuss and markup 9 important natural resources bills tune in at 10 15 am 
proud to have introduced the companion legislation in the house of representatives 
rt  jasoninthehouse  sen  mcconnell should drop his threat to block rescissions affecting the omnibus  writes  repmarkwalker
september11 will always be a somber day  remember those lost  remember those who ran into danger  remember those still in harm s way 
icymi  parts from the newly commissioned u s s gerald ford are made in york   acibc
rt  apta_info  us rep   rodneydavis  r-il  tells a p t aleg18 that he is committed to keeping transit and infrastructure bipartisan   with e…
wishing  girlscouts a happy birthday  thank you for your good work in preparing women leaders over the past 106 years  girl scouts day
thank you to the delta kappa gamma teaching sorority for hosting me this morning  more importantly  thank you for t…
congratulations to  uncwbb coach sylvia hatchell on 1 000 wins  a tremendous & historic accomplishment for the gast…
congressman griffith s weekly e-newsletter 7 3 17 topics  independence and southwest virginia
thank you to the men and women of the  usairforce for your service for the last 70 yrs  here s to the next 70 …
 aams we heard from a young woman who survived because an air ambulance got her to a hospital in time  after learni…
senator  jiminhofe and i were in claremore yesterday to talk about how the opioid epidemic is affecting veterans a…
don t miss these young women compete in the  ncaawbb tourney  here is the info for the two pa teams  first round ga…
the gear up grant program serves 45  tx23  middle & high schools  impacting thousands of students such as lucero cas…
rt  roslehtinen  enjoyed chatting w/ repedroyce   repcharliedent     jeffflake about our experiences in congress   what each of us hopes to…
 snap  is a vital program for our most vulnerable citizens  the 2018 farm bill protects and maintains access for elde…
chairman  congmikesimpson on energy & water bill  this bill aligns with the  whitehouse nuclear posture review  whi…
the media in venezuela cuba nicaragua north korea   other oppressed countries are stifled by regime leaders  on…
once a year the world gets a brief glimpse of  ga12  during the  themasters and yesterday i spoke on the house floor…
this afternoon  a vehicle traveling w/  secretarysonny and i was involved in a traffic accident in tx  grateful tha…
great to meet with chief parr of the tomball fire department earlier today  our fire fighters work hard to keep our…
rt  local4news  national adopt a shelter pet day  25 places to adopt a pet in michigan
 mjlp716  i will advocate for militarism in front of the congress   macron said 
how did we get to this pointless schumer shutdown anyway  check out my floor remarks 
rt  toddstarnes  on today s todd starnes show  davidlimbaugh  stevekingia  repbradwenstrup  larslarsonshow  thejuanwilliams  benjibacker  ra…
congressman bucshon supports the president s response to the deadly chemical weapons attack by assad in syria that…
met with jim & betty benton and scott ross of the  nj  petroleum council on the current state of energy infrastructu…
rt  repjohnfaso  snap asset tests have not been updated since the 1970s  the farm bill raises asset limits so participants can put away mor…
rt  secretaryacosta   dyk   800 000 new jobs have been created since  potus signed the tax cuts and jobs act into law 
today  we honor the legacies of those who held the highest political office in the united states  presidents day
rt  housecommerce  watch  today we debut our  personal stories from the opioid crisis  video series  highlighting individuals and families…
i had the chance to meet with american legion commanders from our district on capitol hill this week  i look forwar…
i had the great honor this afternoon of presenting mr  ronald quadt with a bronze star medal for his heroic service…
great to catch-up with students from my district visiting dc for their americanism and government trip with the ame…
  potus highlights repeal of obamacare individual mandate in tax cutsand jobs act  he s right calling it a cruel tax   sotu 
today s zuckerberg hearing will review facebook s policies & practices regarding user data  but we hope to also exa…
day 16 for 31 reasons4 tax reform→ we must make it easier for american businesses to compete globally & create jobs…
the good news keeps coming thanks to the tax cutsand jobs act  mcdonald s is expanding its education benefits program…
the hearing on the hydropower policy modernization act & the save local business act has started  watch live here—&gt 
rt  markweinerdc  house group led by  repjohnkatko agrees on outline of infrastructure deal  ny24 
anyway  who cares what chicago thinks  in fact  houston  texas is so attractive that people from all over the world…
meet ji seong-ho  one of potus  guests at the  sotu   who escaped north korea  he carried his old crutches as a remi…
americans in 48 states are getting lower utility bills under the tax cutsand jobs act  great news for families just i…
i am pleased  housecommerce has called on facebook ceo mark zuckerberg to testify before our committee  facebook s…
i just couldn t in good conscience support a  1 3 trillion omnibus spending bill that our nation cannot afford and…
rt  nasahqphoto  jim bridenstine is sworn-in as  nasa s 13th administrator by  vp pence  check out the first pictures -
as a longtime champion of transparency in our government  i am pleased that the american people now have the abili…
on wednesday  my staff is hosting a mobile office in bull shoals  more information here 
you can watch mr  crenshaw pray at 11 00am ct here —&gt   
i ll be leading the way with my colleagues on  housecommerce to find solutions to the opioid epidemic which has bee…
proud to work side by side with my friend and colleague  repdavejoyce to ensure the  glri  is fully funded  great la…
i have cosponsored hr 3134 because not a single dime of taxpayer dollars belong in the hands of planned parenthood  prolife
the iran deal was and has always been a foreign policy debacle  but today s stunning intel presentation from…
rt  repdandonovan  the  househomeland security committee released its march terror threat snapshot  we must continue to strengthen vetting…
toured the recker farm in dyersville to learn more about the uses of ethanol byproducts in cattle operations  hats…
fbl 3 7 2018  via  youtube
the aim of the collaborative is to be a broad but comprehensive resource to provide assistance and information to t…
going live with  mibigshow now to discuss importance of bipartisan stop school violence act that we passed in the hou…
icymi   rep  brooks noted after the hearing that restaurants  coffee shops  hotels & other hospitality establishmen…
chairman  repgoodlatte   i am pleased that the  ustreasury report supports strong reforms to protect american taxpa…
thank you   ifda  it was an honor to receive the 2018 thomas jefferson award for supporting policies to promote we…
many thanks to  boonviller1 for hosting our drug free m o assembly this afternoon  be the change  choose to be drug free …
rt  nulpolicy  we want this to be the first of many appearances here at  naturbanleague  we want this to be the beginning of healing the di…
join  reppeteolson and i on monday  april 23rd for a forum addressing sexual assault on campus  great line up of sp…
hiking in az with my son and his family  i m thankful for my family and friends 
thank you kristin roers for sharing how taxreform has benefited you  tax cutsand jobs act
joining  wayneroot live at 6 30 pm et  3 30 pm pt  on  790talknow to discuss healthcare   daca   and taxreform 
happy mother s day to my wonderful mother  and all mothers across  ca45  
utility companies are lowering their rates meaning cheaper monthly bills for people & families across the nation …
illegal robocalls are at an all-time high  good to see the  fcc taking action against bad actors 
the agriculture subcommittee favorably reports its fy19 appropriations bill on a unanimous voice vote 
unbelievable  federal agency fails to respond to  gopoversight despite promises to do so  and why   the holiday s…
chairman  rephensarling responds to  cfpb action on wells fargo ➡  cfpb 
good read via  project21news  onenewsnowcom   there is no way for people to achieve the kind of hope that the ameri…
rt  speakerryan  news→ by a vote of 415-2  an overwhelming  bipartisan majority of the house just voted in support of the iranian people s…
thanks to all who joined me for our town hall meeting in yreka  i appreciate the input as we craft policy that help…
rt  greggharper  serving as a member of the united states house of representatives has been the highest privilege and honor of my life  rea…
rt  foxnews  representative  stevescalise   the  fbi is stonewalling— i don t know why justice is trying to hide information  but we re goi…
sub health is now considering the discussion draft  fda packaging and disposal  find all bills from today s…
this rescission package targets funds that are no longer necessary  have been diverted from their original intent …
news we can all celebrate 
always choose the school whose name you can t spell  march madness
the carbon capture act does it all  creates jobs  promotes american energy independence  and reduces emissions
happening now  noon ct   i m joining americans for prosperity - texas to discuss the benefits of the tax cuts and…
congressman perry s statement on the recent shooting in kansas 
rt  foxnews  blue lights illuminate the white house  in washington  d c  in honor of peace officers memorial day 
 we need somebody who s going to be very aggressive in cleaning up the va  and there s absolutely no way that he ha…
rt  housegop  rt to agree → ensuring the safety and security of america is one of our highest priorities  that is why we provided the large…
rt  whitehouse   since we passed tax cuts  roughly 3 million workers have already gotten tax cut bonuses—many of them thousands and thousan…
rt  cspanwj  rep  john faso  r-ny  joins us to talk about gun control proposals in the wake of the parkland high school shooting
the winning continues  thanks to the tax cuts and jobs act  more take-home pay is now a *reality* for millions and mil…
 rbwilson our next will take place when congress more into legislative process  time chosen when max number home  all reg voters called 
will crocker is one of a kind and leaves a lasting legacy in the history of johnston county  watch 
 there are 86 400 seconds in day  we like to ask  have you used one of them to say thank you    terrimcclements  pwc_llp g o p future
he is the first president i can remember that detailed his campaign promises as goals for the country in his address to congress 
i m talking live with  bobjonescc on  1440keysam 
happening now   tomcoleok04 is managing the rule on hr 2842 - accelerating individuals into the workforce act  watch live on  cspan 
lawrence county chamber of commerce monthly luncheon meeting  today in proctorville at wyngate at riversedge
watch the bipartisan heroin task force s roundtable live ⬇️
rt  afpohio  activists in ne ohio presented  repjimrenacci with a thank you card for his votes in favor of tax reform  urge your federal…
 tx25  hs students/teachers  monday  4/30  is the deadline to enter in this year s congressional art competition  wi…
it was fun to celebrate art & the talented students from wa-08 at yesterday s congressional art competition  it s a…
tonight the house passed a continuing resolution  cr  245-182 that fully funds dod for 1yr and fed qualified health…
this morning  the house will vote on another bipartisan financial services bill that will streamline burdensome reg…
 2/3  that s why i was proud this month to join my colleagues  repdesantis &  reptedbudd in sending a letter to hou…
it was an honor to speak at will sneddon s eagle court of honor last night  i m extremely proud of this young leade…
thank god for an evangelist who was never ashamed to proclaim the gospel of jesus christ  billy graham  2/2 
keeping our kids safe at school is a priority i share with these parents from  noblesvillein  thanks for sharing yo…
rt  replouiegohmert  it s always great to talk about this country s vast amount of natural resources  it was truly enjoyable to speak at th…
congratulations to  repmarcykaptur who will become the longest-serving woman in congressional history this sunday …
made a stop this morning in harrisonburg to visit the red front supermarket  red front is family-owned and has bee…
rt  foxnews    jim_jordan   top people at the fbi look like they had a plan to undermine the trump campaign  
pleased to share the good news that several cities and counties within pa-11 are being awarded funding through the…
at the mn state capitol speaking along with state representatives  both in the house and senate and republican and…
rt  preservationact  we were pleased to recognize  repbobgibbs at our champions of the historic tax credit reception on tuesday evening  th…
house budget committee hearing on the need to control automatic spending and unauthorized programs  live 
more good news   dukeenergy is applying savings from tax cutsand jobs act to cover costs incurred due to hurricane ir…
always enjoy meeting with wisconsinites who have come out to washington  thanks for stopping by the office this wee…
this is great news for wisconsin 
it was a honor participating in a fundraiser with the  impdmountedptl today  they are some of the most reliable men…
we honor the life and service of grant county fire district 13 battalion chief dan dishon of moses lake  who passed…
a couple of small town boys from levelland and plainview ought to be able bring some common sense and good judgment…
icymi  veterans can now order id cards  to learn more visit
the first live webcast of the state of the union address was delivered by president george w  bush in 2002  tune in…
rt  shopfloornam  potus is right  manufacturers have added an average of 16 333 jobs per month in 2017 - a huge turnaround from 2016 s net…
rt  cspan    secpricemd testifies on  hhsgov budget – live on c-span3
it was great to catch up with my friend mike schmitz yesterday  we discussed the many great things happening in dot…
rt  repbost  for those involved in agriculture  it s a very expensive endeavor to see a crop through from planting to harvest  the farm bil…
rt  laurenkummerntv  a photograph taken by eleventh grader rilee howard will hang in the office of congressman adrian smith in washington …
i applaud  potus for his commitment to streamline our permitting review process and help rebuild our country s infr…
rt  robertharding    repjohnkatko   reptomsuozzi eye 7-day limit for opioid prescriptions to treat acute pain
i look forward to justice being served  benghazi
the framers of our constitution understood the importance of the separation of powers to preserve and protect our n…
the senate is taking an important step today in marking up this bipartisan bill  reforming and improving  dhsgov th…
the delisting of the deer lake area of concern and the white lake area of concern is great news for northern michigan http //t co/ckn5ezgjhc
rt  cvpayne  breaking news  jobs booming  adp employment report 235 000 mining 2 000 construction 21 000 manufacturing 14 000 this is real…
happy birthday   senpatroberts  looking forward to spending even more time together this year on the next farm bill
if uranium was in fact exported then danger to our nat l security is obvious  will be a major line of inquiry in…
because of the tax cuts and jobs act  you should start seeing more take-home pay this month as employers adopt the…
rt  natresources    interior is celebrating national park week with free entrance to all national parks on saturday  april 21  find your par…
i send my thoughts to the family of former first lady barbara bush  the wife of former president  georgehwbush and…
hope you will review this article in usa today on recovering america s wildlife act  a creative partnership with st…
  bestbuy is texas strong 
i m honored to receive the  govwaste  taxpayer super hero  award  spending taxpayer dollars wisely is something we…
 centerstateceo is committed to growing central new york s economy  congratulations to  pathfinderbank …
we are both encouraged to hear the president s intention to examine the use of his administration s 202 c  emergenc…
rt if you re excited to say goodbye to this 32-year-old tax code 
this is great news  the  791 million set aside for florida will be a serious help for recovery from hurricanes irma…
  nro   socialsecurity chief actuary estimates our student security program       would save  726 billion over a 75…
today was a really special day  i met two courageous cancer survivors  kellan and julianna  who traveled down from…
happy birthday  president lincoln 
  nrlc  national right to life  embraces defeatist strategy opposing direct challenge to roe  if nrlc prevails 4…
 ga12  reminder - my staff will be in coffee and jeff davis counties tomorrow for community office hours  for the f…
i spent an inspiring evening with the pa family institute  pfipolicy in hershey  thanks to prez michael geer & team 
the  epa is now taking public comments on their proposed solution to clean up the west lake landfill  to share your…
johnson meets ihs students |  irontontribune
a reminder on tax day that floridians impacted by hurricane irma may qualify for tax relief from the irs 
rt  riponadvance  180 colleagues join  repryancostello in fight for military medical research w/  cdmrp in final  ndaa  bill
the president is planning to veto military funding if congress does not increase non-discretionary spending  tcot
rt  repmarkmeadows  lady justice wears a blindfold--and no american  regardless of wealth or political status  should be given a free pass…
i will be joining  newday at 8 15et/6 15mt to talk about  secshulkin firing and what this means for our veterans 
looking forward to this morning s hearing  watch here 
i m proud to help get this amendment included to protect the great work being done at wsu s center of excellence fo…
times are tough right now  we ll discuss solutions to bring small biz back  jobcreatorsusa event tomorrow ➝
the dol does not have legal authority to change the rules for how americans plan and save for retirement  i am plea…
hosted our last drug free m o assembly this year at  clintonmocards  many thanks to all the schools for letting us co…
the tax cutsand jobs act continues to pay off for american workers  via  speakerryan  a quick rundown of the latest b…
thanks to the  urbandalechmbr for hosting this morning to talk about tax relief and small business week
california water  it s the storage cadrought drought
today i met with zurich north america ceo kathleen savio  as well as the rest of her leadership team  and was thril…
rt  aarpindiana  more focus on indiana s 840 000 family caregivers  thank you  replukemesser  repandrecarson  toddrokita  reptrey and  send…
fatherhood has been one of the greatest joys and blessings of my life wishing all you dads our there a happy…
quarterly figures for small business confidence in expansion is at highest rate since 1973 according to a new surve…
i enjoyed attending the carter county chamber of commerce legislative breakfast this morning 
thanks to john hines at  oann for covering my mueller report  watch the segment here 
looking forward to seeing everyone tomorrow morning at pastries with palmer 
 ryanmccrimmon ***congressionally directed spending
rt  facethenation    tgowdysc says we do have an independent investigation -- it s called the fbi    doesn t get more independent than that 
this week is national park week  there are many areas in the us national park system in wisconsin  including the apo…
what are you most excited to hear  potus speak about in tonight s  sotu  
looking forward to joining the  co  business roundtable on monday to discuss tax reform  if you are interested in at…
it was a pleasure to host the camden opioid summit last night  i ll be hosting another opioid summit in gaffney on…
griffith statement on withdrawal of clean power plan
hire vets act of 2017 passed the house today  looking forward to this beneficial bill passing the senate soon-
for those of you in awendaw and mcclellanville  my staff will be hosting satellite office hours down your way tomor…
in case you missed it over the holidays  here is my op-ed about how tax reform provides real tax relief for michiga…
in the words of ronald reagan   a nation that cannot control its borders is not a nation   border security is first…
rt  waysandmeansgop  happy mothers day
rt  housecommerce  live now  sub energy convenes hearing on  state of the nation s energy infrastructure   &gt &gt 
rt  gregoryahale  looking forward to kevin beyer of federated telephone cooperative  minnesota  testifying tomorrow on behalf of small  ru…
walking is the easy part  patrick is now *running* everywhere 
thank you to everyone who attended this morning s  coffee with your congressman  in el dorado  i appreciate hearing…
thank you   govwalker for standing with rural communities and expanding broadband 
  realdonaldtrump s tax cut plan means more jobs  bigger paychecks  and a fairer  simpler tax code for working hoos…
excited to be speaking on the legislative panel this morning for the 2017 north american gas forum 
how can  nancypelosi say out loud that she wants to raise taxes   because of taxreform we have  - unemployment at…
great to be on  foxbusiness last night  when tax & spend liberals pinch companies for every penny they have  they m…
rt  speakerryan  the families of our pows and mias are heroes in their own right 
im lovin it  a few days ago  one of the largest employers   mcdonalds   became on the newest of over 400 companies t…
rt  cnnopinion    repmiketurner &  nikiinthehouse  why the military s long reckoning with sexual assault can help us now
pleased to see the  epa announcement on their plan to clean up the san jacinto river waste pits  read my statement…
best of luck to the defending 2017  nhl  champions as they start the stanley cup playoffs  lets go pens  get that three-peat  i 3elieve 
a commentary piece from  jakejakeny on cnbc  don t blame the nra for failed gun control efforts
we appreciate all that our men and women in uniform do to keep us safe  thank you and your families for your sacrif…
in my op-ed in  thehill today  i discuss my resolution calling on the egyptian gov to take further steps to end the…
very sad to hear of first lady barbara bush s passing  she was a woman of great strength who dedicated countless ho…
great to meet with autism speaks today since april is autism month   al03  autismls light it up blue
rt  cal_fire  peak fire [update] at indian peak rd and usona rd  9 miles southeast of mariposa  mariposa county  is now 650 acres and 30% c…
let there be no question  this is a time for action  conservatives must stay engaged and deliver  the american peopl…
rt  lauriebarron  thanks to  repryanzinke and staff for meeting with montana superintendents to discuss public education  a a s a adv
rt  lynseymukomel   tulip_time executive director gwen auwerda joined us live on  woodtv to talk opening weekend  your guide to festival f…
happy small business week  along with there being more than 29 million small businesses in the usa  did you know th…
it was an honor to present the certificate of naval academy appointment to jantzen wells at lubbock high school tod…
this kidney disease bill is a step in the right direction to better understand this disease and find a cure 
i m excited to introduce the domestic prosperity and global freedom act in the 114th congress  tcot
go  tors  
i applaud the administration s plan to utilize the national guard at the border – our citizens  safety absolutely m…
with the rise of e-commerce  iot  and other technology - the digitaldivide threatens to leave unserved and underse…
 behind the badge was a warrior  and he put down his life for you  each one of you  
r  i  p  reverend billy graham 
✔  1 000 bonuses ✔ increased wages ✔ 401 k  matchesalready  everyday americans are seeing the fruits of tax reform…
great to have these educators in town from victor elementary school district  victorville students  ca08 
started off the week with a coffee hour in monroe  thanks to everyone who joined us to discuss the economy  tax cut…
the house just voted to pass hres 502 - making supplemental appropriations for disaster relief  texas  louisiana  we re with you  harvey
the omnibus included critical funding for our nation s military  read my full statement here …
rt  speakerryan  news→ by a vote of 415-2  an overwhelming  bipartisan majority of the house just voted in support of the iranian people s…
mr  president  we need you to nominate a commissioner – and now – to keep the agency focused on providing the servi…
republicans and democrats agree  congress must come together to find a permanent solution so dreamers may stay in t…
thank you to all the nurses in  il16  & across the country who work tirelessly  with courage & compassion  to help &…
rt  indianaec  indiana s electric cooperative leaders spent time this afternoon with  replarrybucshon   repwalorski and  lukemesserin s chi…
as we mark 45 years since roe v  wade  we are reminded that all life has meaningful potential  i recently wrote a r…
make sure to watch wlio s coverage of my tour of findlay s whirlpool plant 
this is amazing & historic if this new course can continue w/ further & necessary progress ahead 
it was an honor to meet with former prime minister of japan  yukio hatoyama today  we had a great discussion about…
there is no one-size-fits-all solution to state voting problems 
w/ byesville mayor jay jackson village admin  brennan dudley  talked infrastructure  the guernsey power station  an…
fun fact  agribusiness contributes more than  74 billion to georgia s economy  national ag day
why  it s as if they ve abandoned that line of argument because it is no longer convenient 
happy independence day  our nation has always been great - filled with great people and indomitable patriotism …
closed-loop pumped storage hydro bill introduced by griffith
us goods exports to canada totaled  266b in 2016  goods imports totaled  278 1b in 2016  trade deficit
bringing some more iowa common sense to the swamp   potus met and spoke with mayor hart   speakerupmeyer  &…
happy birthday to my wonderful wife  best friend  and love of my life  mylene 
bringing our tax code into the 21st century with the tax cutsand jobs act is a critical step toward unleashing ameri…
as chairwoman of the defense appropriations subcommittee  it was vital we passed a budget to lay the groundwork to rebuild our military
appreciated opportunity to speak with  atlanticcape s dr  gaba & fellow new jersey community…
honored to recognize heroes from successful cave rescue last month  lawrence co  sheriff s dept   indnrnews & bloom…
in switzerland  we discussed the nations  shared challenges and threats  and opportunities to enhance security and…
today i voted to ensure immigration laws are enforced and to keep americans safe  kates law no sanctuary for criminals act
rt  whitehouse   as we spend this month honoring irish americans  we also pledge to further strengthen our relationship with the emerald is…
votes have been pushed back a tad - we will start the telephone town hall for currituck and dare counties a little…
rt  houseagnews  in this week s farm bill friday   repchriscollins is joined by  usda undersecretary greg ibach and local ny dairy farmer wh…
  jasontrowland thanks for your question  i m committed to making schools safe  ask buddy
attention  the deadline to submit your notice of acceptance  rsvp  for the 2018 congressional art competition is fr…
rt  waysandmeansgop  with this bill  we will deliver a new tax code built for a new era of american prosperity  htt…
 liz_wheeler interesting she wants background checks on ammo purchasers  but not her foreign national congressional it providers  
rt  gopleader  this week the house is voting to make some major reforms at the  irs   fairness is our guide and accountability is the goal a…
 defendourfuture also  dealing w/ threats of climate change & economic prosperity aren t mutually exclusive  u s  p…
earlier this year  a woman called me who was so ecstatic about the extra  90 per month in her bank account that she…
renee and i send our deepest condolences to the bush family during this difficult time  we pray god brings them pea…
house just passed sweeping middle-class tax cut that lowers taxes for 95% of americans  grows economy   creates job…
thanks again to the the team at the  starbucks on neil st in champaign who let me come by to discuss the tax benefi…
record dow  historic tax cuts  booming economy  american optimism high – these things are why democrats have resort…
the tax bill we passed allows march  august flood victims to deduct all personal property losses & waives penalty f…
today is the last day you will have to file under our current burdensome tax system  next year you will be doing so…
only a couple more hours left to vote for the  people s choice  award winner in the 6th district congressional art…
rt  cathymcmorris  it s small business week & here s a smallbiz highlight from home→ sonderen packaging in spokane  washington  this is wha…
hey  lawrenceks_pd might be a good day for you to pass along to the citizens of lawrence that they make delicious f…
release  westerman on epa s biomass designation   a victory for arkansas forests  ar4 arnews
we ll be working with local officials to evaluate the damage and assist as we can in recovery efforts  if we can se…
it was great to be at gulfstream s expansion announcement today  they took another step forward in commitment to ou…
rt  nikiinthehouse  attending my last  fy19ndaa  markup as a member of the armed services cmt  i m grateful to my sr policy adv sean duggan…
rt  dougblackab  had a great meeting with  repjoebarton of texas  vice chairman of the energy and commerce committee cdnpoli abpoli sen c…
congratulations to my old colleague and friend  bray_rodric on being named indiana senate president pro tem  your p…
to my fellow  miamiuniversity graduate  speakerryan  god bless  you truly have served with  loveand honor   and i w…
today  the  financialcmte studies my bipartisan leg 2 improve auto lenders  privacy notification   increase consumer access 2 privacy info
enjoyed talking with hearst washington bureau this morning about the  facebook hearing  watch my interview tonight…
after the first day  how many of you have busted brackets already  ready to watch  mizzouhoops tonight march madness  miz 
and their deception about the use of taxpayer money is equally unacceptable  which is why i m calling on  usdot to…
calling all  nc08  high school students  the deadline to submit art for this year s congressional art competition is…
met w/ joe cuddihy  julia scheide  betsy lichtsetin  & bailey gillespie on behalf of the als association yesterday…
great work from our border patrol at helping stop the flow of drugs into our country  this is why it s so important…
on this gold star spouses day  with eternal gratitude  we recognize the surviving spouses of our brave u s  service…
federal disaster relief on its way for local tornado victims  nc06 
let s take the steps we can to save americans from preventable injuries during natural disasters 
rt  houseappropsgop  the house just passed h j  res  123 on a vote of 235-193  this spending bill funds the federal government until decemb…
meeting with constituents this morning at the l rancho in arab talking about the work that is awaiting us in washin…
un took a serious step forward last week with sanctions  good for them   & finally    china commit to enforcing sanctions  good for them too
bravo zulu  carrollcollege for being ranked 1 for best regional college and best college for veterans  mtpol
we have such talented artists throughout  in05   this year  my office received 25 submissions for the congressional…
thank you to everyone in state  local  tribal and federal law enforcement who responded to this incident and helped…
officer schmittou s heroic act is a singular  yet powerful  testament of the selflessness embodied by all of se mic…
icymi   interior department reinstates mineral leases incorrectly denied in 2016  ↓
  ups announced earlier this year that  because of the new republican tax law  they are investing  12 billion to ex…
chairman  repgoodlatte statement on the firing of former deputy fbi director andrew mccabe 
rt  repdianeblack  the tax cutsand jobs act lowers tax rates at all income levels so americans in every community will be able to keep more o…
rt  youngfarmers  we couldn t do what we do without champions like  repryancostello in congress  thank you for your leadership on the young…
the opioid crisis is devastating communities throughout america  and today  housecommerce continues the important w…
top 5 reasons why the new tax code will be better than the old one 
today marks the last time that taxpayers will ever have to deal with the old  broken tax code  tax day
cnn  lawmakers push to put women on quarters mepolitics
thanks to our interns andrea & lauren for their great work at team sensenbrenner this summer   wi05 
  housecommerce chairman  repgregwalden speaking at  ohiofarmbureau farm forum about the future of 5g wireless tech…
rt  reploudermilk  human trafficking has no place in society  we must act to end this horrendous practice  the  financialcmte is working to…
check out last week s newsletter and sign up to receive updates 
rt  imakeamerica  thank you  repjimbanks for stopping by aem member company  admasphaltdrum today to meet with the men and women of our ind…
while we look to hear back from zuckerberg on the many questions he was unable to answer  housecommerce last week …
rt  roanoketimes  from the editorial board  if you listen to your music through a digital streaming service  you may soon find a wider rang…
susan b anthony provided leadership in the long campaign for women s right to  vote   today we remember her for pavin…
rt  g2gconsulting  ty  warrendavidson for always supporting health biotech innovations & business growth for ohio  bioohio  iambiotech…
rt  repadriansmith  tanf reauthorization is our opportunity to ensure we are connecting americans on the sidelines with economic opportunit…
good to be in center point for the ribbon cutting of the autocar assembly plant  the factory produces heavy-duty ca…
great seeing carson mcdonald this morning  he won a l06 s congressional art competition this…
teams from the  usfwsmidwest research sea lampreys in cheboygan
happening now →  repblainepress chairs our hearing on examining de-risking and its effect on access to financial se…
 webster said 81 percent of the tax filers in district 11 claim the standard deduction each year  the new tax law e…
rt  jecrepublicans  chair  pattiberi on jobs report   lowering rates and simplifying our tax code will allow workers to keep more of their…
great visit w/  naco  to discuss issues affecting nevada and the work im tackling in congress  thx for stopping by 
2 more chances for young idahoans to explore a military academy nomination  saturday at boise s gowen field and apr…
camping in folsom with harrison cub scouts
unveiled legislation today to designate quindaro a national historic landmark   ffnha  cityofkck  kcur
helping facilitate enrollment & secure va benefits for south jersey veterans today at accc…
mothers deserve our love and gratitude each and every day  but mother s day is a wonderful opportunity to make sure…
on wednesday  january 17  2018 at 10 30 am the subcommittee on rules and organization will hold a members  day hear…
my allentown & d c  offices are accepting internship applications for the fall semester  application details here ➡️https //t co/f3ooydsutw
 everybody in new jersey is concerned about our coast   said rep  leonard lance  r-7th dist   everybody in new jers…
i joined  juliefinenbc5 and  gromerjeffers on nbc 5 s lone star politics to discuss the latest news in washington …
this afternoon  i visited lynch elementary in lapeer to visit with administrators  teachers  read to students  and…
president trump wants  1 5 trillion infrastructures bill    yet    you guessed it   bumps on log
my dc office welcomed  psuharrisburg prof  paul thompson s honors seminar class today w/ a capitol tour & a  pa15  c…
the tax cuts and jobs act is already lighting a fire under our economy  so far more than 100 companies across the c…
rt  realdonaldtrump  just signed bill  our military will now be stronger than ever before  we love and need our military and gave them ever…
rt  reptomgarrett  smart pro-growth policies like the tax cutsand jobs act have paved the way for america s 29 million neighborhood entrepren…
great meeting today with  memspa to talk about important education issues in michigan 
please join me in wishing  flotus a very happy birthday 
thanks for stopping by 
rt  _mealsonwheels   travis5mith  repjoebarton  mowjec thanks  repjoebarton for delivering meals on wheels with  mowjec & introducing the …
w&m fact check  ap ignores the over 30 million hardworking americans who will have a vastly simplified tax filing p…
day 24 for 31 reasons4 tax reform→ the irs needs to better serve the american people 
congressman griffith issued a call for transparency in the drug supply chain at yesterday s subcommittee on health…
valuing taxpayer dollars means operating under a responsible budget  i am proud to return  101 360 of my operating…
the  oc  human trafficking task force works in our community to combat sex trafficking and assist survivors  i proud…
indian river county update
the economic impact of the jaxport dredging project  cannot be overstated  i sincerely thank everyone who played a…
rt  txglo  texans  use this weekend to stock up on everything you need for your emergency preparedness kit this year  batteries  flashlight…
saddened to hear of the passing of rep  louise slaughter  rep  slaughter had always shown kindness & respect to her…
another announcement by  fmcsa on possible changes & limited exemptions to e l dmandate  this one—to clarify persona…
my full statement on  speakerryan 
i am so pleased to announce president  realdonaldtrump signed h r  582 into law  thank you to kari s family for the…
irs free tax prep services like free file are helping nc taxpayers save more this tax season  thank you  ccianet fo…
pre-hearing reading → personal safety should be non-negotiable  in cncs programs  however  evidence shows it s been…
happy birthday to america s 16th president  born otd in 1809  abraham lincoln
huge thanks to the disabled american veterans for meeting with me today to talk about how we can improve the lives…
rt  billprofita  a visit with congressman garret graves coming up at 7 08  talk1073  ambr 
chairman  rephensarling congratulates senate  calls for continued negotiation ⬇️
  medinagazette  i m hosting a tax workshop to provide taxpayers with info and resources to resolve tax issues they…
rt  rareliberty  rep   justinamash wants to make sure warrantless spying on citizens isn t snuck through congress before christmas
trade means prosperity more mrkts for american products-more jobs higher wages for american workers   tpa  t p a4 u sjobs
  mactxpress and i visited  y12nsc and  ornl today in tennessee today  to learn more about our visit …
new  a bill to provide tax relief after irma  i m pushing for it to be passed asap  sayfie learn more 
president trump made the right decision today by withdrawing from the flawed iran nuclear deal  my full statement 
rt  friendsofwccs  vote for your favorite artwork  cchs students have submitted artwork for representative jim  repjimbanks competition - p…
congratulations to louisiana small business person of the year keith porta  who grew apc construction into a huge s…
join me in saying thank you to our veterans by sending them a handmade valentine s day card  questions  contact my…
today i met with my friend administrator mark green from the united states agency for international development  we…
rt  reperikpaulsen  tax day is rarely a day of celebration  but this tax day we have something to be grateful for  this will be the last ti…
rt  natresources    repjenniffer has been a tireless advocate for the people of puerto rico  we are proud to stand alongside her & all puer…
interview video with  allpointsbpdlc now posted 
the gradual trend away from car ownership coincides with  uber s new product uberpool g o p future
rt  cnbc  breaking  apple says it will contribute more than  350 billion over the next five years to the us economy through investments  w…
rt  govwaste  join house armed services committee chairman  mactxpress and  tomschatzcagw today on facebook live at 4pm edt 
great visiting  baps swaminarayan akshardham in new delhi with a few of my house colleagues last week  it was incre…
in 2016   cara  was signed into law  this sweeping package of laws attacks the opioid epidemic from all sides  this…
i support  potus limited actions to address assad s horrific attacks on his own people  the use of chemical weapons…
the 2018 farm bill  snap  policy was drafted based on the expert witnesses and stakeholder meetings that spanned thre…
abortion violence must be replaced w/ compassion & empathy for women & respect for children in the womb whywemarch
i m proud to introduce the give retirement options to workers  grow  act with  donaldnorcross  a bipartisan bill to…
you ve said that you wanted to raise everyone s taxes  you ve been denying the great effects of tax reform for mont…
icymi  today  my colleague  replizcheney and i introduced the iran freedom policy and sanctions act  read more abou…
the d c  prescription for healthcare that one size fits all is nothing more than a placebo  obamacare continues to collapse 
rt  lauracurran2017  i sat down with  reppeteking this morning to discuss how we can work together to strengthen nassau county 
we stand with the people of our friend and ally  spain  especially upon today s terrorist attack in barcelona  prayersfor barcelona
here s a clip from my visit with chs speaks this morning  we talked about school safety and gun laws  and i invited…
happy easter 
my heart is with the city of las vegas this morning  praying for the friends  families  & loved ones affected by this tragic event 
many thanks to all the wonderful  wmhsdragons students who travelled all the way from greene county to join us for…
couldn t agree more 
rt  fdrlst   we agree with president trump  a spending bill like the one passed this march must never happen again  unfortunately  congress…
 millennials value flexibility in their schedules and careers   terrimcclements  pwc_llp g o p future
great grub with garret happening in denham springs this am 
at least some of the customers were having a little fun while they waited longer than usual for their coffee at the…
this week  we recognize and honor all those in law enforcement who serve to protect our communities  we are forever…
how will you spend that extra money in your paycheck  text  tax reform  to 50589 to learn more
read this week s long s short report about fighting for the almost 4 8 million victims of sex trafficking 
i m cosponsoring pcheta for the 5m  americans living w/alzheimer s  we must support those facing this disease   endalz   pcheta 
reminder  house republicans passed all 12 appropriations bills for the current fiscal year ahead of schedule - over…
rt  nechildrenshome  this morning we personally thanked  repadriansmith at the nebraska breakfast for putting  childrenfirst by supporting…
rt  okalzheimersguy  even a youngster can be an end alz advocate  tomcoleok04  alzoklahoma  alzimpact leaving kisses
rep  posey s statement on the passing of john glenn
rt  _mattsewell  tune-in alert  jack cook of arkansas died in ww2 when he gave up his spot in a life boat to save another man  today   repw…
we must approach june 12th with  trust but verify  mentality  however meeting of usa-north korea in singapore prese…
 i speak on behalf of my constituents  who say the time to fix this problem is now   today  i proudly spoke on the…
met with the veterans service commission in defiance and spoke about how important it is that veterans get the care…
happy national farmers day to the outstanding central texas farmers in  tx31   🌾
icymi - watch  i had the honor of interviewing my friend  libnofcongress on sat  at the ms book festival -
tragic news coming from the coast of georgia today  my prayers go out to the families and loved ones of those on bo…
rt  foxandfriends    jim_jordan to sessions  appoint new special counsel or step down
rt  rulesreps  chairman  petesessions welcomes  repdavid &  usrepgarypalmer to testify on their amendment to ahca  watch live 
rt  nfib_oh  great to have fellow  nfib member  repbobgibbs visit with our members at advanced industrial roofing in massillon  oh discussi…
i had a blast this morning with  nacsonline and kent kwik  met some great folks while being a  cashier for a day  …
thank you for coming by today  glad to help you learn about the clocks 
congratulations to the more than 200 students who participated in this year s  ca39  congressional art competition …
rt  copsdoughnuts  only 11 days until ryno goes to d c for the  sotu2018  with  repmoolenaar listening to  potus   realdonaldtrump address the j…
congratulations to the castlewood warriors   state b champions   proud of you girls  🙌🏼💪🏼👍🏼❤️👊🏼
proud to be a part of hunterdon s 15th annual martin luther king day of community service  the many activities were…
rt  tb_times  another republican congressman faces boos  raucous crowd at town hall meeting
rt  stevescalise  thank you to all who served  veterans day
yesterday afternoon  i toured the dwellings in tallahassee  these tiny houses are for those who are financially  so…
secretary  betsydevosed joined  goppolicy this morning to talk schoolchoice  other education priorities…
today is the 25th anniversary of 1st world trade center bombing  1 000 injured  seven murdered including seaford re…
i was delighted to talk at the jewish disability advocacy day to discuss my commitment to ensuring all individuals…
this outstanding piece at  dailysignal is a reminder of why congress must pass the inclusion act to protect faith-b…
happy teacher appreciation week  as a dad of 3 school-aged kids  i know firsthand  and greatly appreciate  your ded…
there s no  muslim ban    potus s order temporarily bans people entering our country from 6 countries rife w/ jihadist violence  2/3  
thank you to everyone who came out for our coffee hour yesterday in palmyra township 
  mrsb1stgraders thanks for your question  ask buddy
today  i voted in favor for h r  4909  the stop school violence act  which will increase local coordination with la…
an apple valley constituent and other  americanlegion members stopped by to discuss veterans issues
 foxreports  richardrubindc no space heaters here  but i always have this trusty friend with me 
spoke with  _davemorris at newsok recently  watch my interview here 
today in  housescience ⬇️
rt  housecommerce  live now  sub environment convenes hearing titled  high octane fuels and high efficiency vehicles  challenges and opport…
honored to participate in safe haven s groundbreaking ceremony in shawano as it begins expanding its shelter for vi…
rt  15thsma  this past week i met with  repcharliedent & other congressional leaders who are committed to the readiness of our  usarmy  ar…
rt  mpmorningsun    repmoolenaar learns about mail issues on ride along in edmore
congratulations to  ehsgirlshockey on their second consecutive minnesota class 2a girls hockey championship 
i congratulate joel carson of nm on being nominated to serve as a circuit judge on the u s  court of appeals for th…
today  we recognize the 103rd anniversary of the armenian genocide and remember all of the victims of this atrocity 
tonight   space_station passes over washington  d c  at 8 38pm  it will be visible for about 3 minutes  if you re i…
so blessed to be joined by tennessee friends &…
barbara bush led a life of consequential and patriotic service to america  she will be missed by her family and the…
rt  aahoa  thx  drphilroe for visiting quality suites in morristown the tn small biz community is lucky to have a true save local biz champ…
rt  lindsayaellis    chris__kaiser   we could really benefit from better data on schools  handling of sexual violence complaints   on alleg…
we ll continue to monitor pipeline situation that s affecting ga s gas supply  visit  to read the latest on repairs 
great tour of the center for metal arts in johnstown  the center provides classes to teach people the valuable ski…
let us not forgot the brave american heroes who secure our freedoms and won t be spending this thanksgiving at home…
complete transparency is essential for the modernization of the va s electronic health records 
sending up prayers for former first lady barbara bush tonight  her strength  grace & charitable heart have influenc…
the horrific school shooting in florida last week serves as a reminder that violence  hopelessness  & lack of resp…
on law enforcement appreciation day  our hearts are with pierce county sheriff s department and the family of deput…
rt  freedomcaucus  statement from the  freedomcaucus on today s tax reform vote 
rt  amyhcrockett  i spent today in dc on the hill working to reduce maternal mortality  facts are important thank you to the staff members w…
rt  housegop  companies are increasing wages  hiring more workers  increasing retirement benefits  and expanding  or creating   new parenta…
rt  foxbusiness    speakerryan commended the positive economic impact of tax reform on small businesses  small business week
fema extends the hotel housing deadline to nov  27 for eligible harvey survivors -
rt  timrunshismouth  must read   katenocera and  lissandravilla s piece on the congressional baseball shooting  it s some of the best journ…
  potus has nominated  samaritanspurse vp ken isaacs to oversee un refugee programs  a perfect choice  ken has de…
rt  floceanographic  a big thank you to congressman brian mast for coming to meet with us today regarding upcoming water projects  we appr…
the tax cuts and jobs act continues to help main street thrive
today  i was glad to vote for the fiscal year 2018 national defense authorization act  h r  2810  as it passed the…
as his military transport plane was going down  father martin o gara gave his parachute to another  a new memorial…
the goal of our federal welfare programs should be to give individuals the opportunities they need to succeed and b…
rt  housescience   vp icymi  space subcommittee chair  repbrianbabin detailed  a one-stop-shop for private space exploration  in  spacenews…
rt  repdennisross  we re working to end the practice of human trafficking  and you can catch it at the link below 
today is teacher appreciation day  thank you to all the dedicated and hard-working teachers in harris county and ac…
president obama s  visa screening  program failed to stop tashfeen malik  now  there are problems with screening   
rt  repjoecrowley    congressmandan & i are leading bipartisan push for funding for state maritime academies  incl  maritimecollege
  waysandmeansgop will discuss our pro-growth tax reform plan next thursday
rt  housecommerce  sub health s legislative push will begin next week as e&c continues to combat the opioid crisis &gt &gt 
along with president trump  i am proud to fight to repeal burdensome regulations and create a tax code that makes i…
rt  housegop  more than 400 companies are offering new employee benefits more than  139 million has been invested back into the u s  and 4…
house passes isil genocide resolution  tcot 
don t whitewash castro s legacy of torture and death  my prayer is for the cuban people who can now build a free and democratic cuba 
i have consistently fought to protect the  gomesa  revenue source  which is put to use on important conservation and…
i m pleased to announce the confirmed military academy nominees from ok-4  i know they ll serve w/ honor & integrit…
tonight our country lost a devoted wife  mother  grandmother & great-grandmother who left a legacy of caring for ot…
part of the reason i ran for congress was frustration with washington s inability to spend responsibly and show fis…
rt  austinkellerman  the mystery of the hot springs war hero is solved   drewpetrimoulx  repwesterman
discussing agriculture issues and the the next farm bill with some of my  mofarmbureau constituents   houseagnews
a major non-nato ally  morocco s security cooperation with the united states has been critical to counterterrorism…
today marks the 73rd anniversary of v e day  the day that the allies of  wwii  accepted nazi germany s unconditional…
rt  freedomworks  watch    reploudermilk discusses the merit act  a bill that would fulfill president trump s  sotu  promise to make it easi…
deeply saddened to hear of billy graham s passing  his influence brought the gospel to millions all over the world…
rt  houstontx  congratulations  texassouthern on your first march madness win  🏀 good luck in the next game  🐅 go tigers 🐅 
this includes relief for tx  la  fl  the u s  virgin islands and puerto rico  as well as ca as they work to suppress deadly wildfires 
today  we honor the brave veterans of the vietnam war and remember those who made the ultimate sacrifice for our na…
attention  ny21  high school artists  next week is the deadline to submit artwork for the 2018 congressional art com…
rt  repbost  farmers know more than anyone the importance of improving soil health & reducing nutrient runoff through conservation practice…
rt  aapd    reploubarletta thank you for voting to protect the civil rights of people with disabilities by voting no on  hr620   hands off my…
rt  edworkforce  chairwoman  virginiafoxx following the passage of the stop school violence act of 2018   all children must be safe in scho…
35 companies headquartered in ny have given raises and bonuses as a direct result of tax cutsand jobs act and…
rep  mark walker  fix our broken immigration system without giving in to amnesty  dcexaminer
gaining steam  the search for idaho s clean  reliable geothermal energy  thanks to  usgoethermal1 for backing my b…
today i toured  krocdayton and  4cforchildren to learn about their contributions to  oh10   especially in early chil…
praying for the family & loved ones of major del bagno of the  afthunderbirds  it s critical that our military has…
rt  ifda  rep  adrian smith visits cash-wa distributing   repadriansmith foodservice
thankful for  potus  realdonaldtrump s leadership in supporting those in iran who are risking their lives in pursui…
enjoyed visiting with the sorrell s this week at mornings with mike  they are from weaver and…
rt  housegop  passed  for the fourth time  → the necessary funding for the  deptofdefense and a well-deserved pay raise for our troops  se…
difference in administrations  2013 govt shutdown- obama closes all parks and national monuments  even in dc  to pr…
heartbroken for these children and their families  praying for them and all the brave law enforcement and first res…
quick reminder that tonight i ll be hosting a town hall in florence at una  at 6 30 pm  i hope to see you there 
happy tax day  tax reform will leave this tax season behind and make life easier come next year  learn more by tex…
rt  dgdistrict58  u s  rep  peterroskam taught puffer 4th-6th graders about government today   pufferpanthers puffer pride dg58learns
at gar memorial hall & museum in eaton rapids for coffee hour today  thanks to everyone who joined us 
rt  andy_taggart  mississippi s healthcare professionals are going to miss  greggharper when he steps down at the end of the year  thank yo…
 as the years passed & king cove s pleas for a safe link to the outside world went unanswered  there were more acci…
rt  housejudiciary  ag jeff sessions   countless americans would be alive today   if these policies of sanctuary cities were ended  
i continue to be amazed at the incredible work rotarians do for our community and the impact they have throughout t…
rt  vp  the men & women of flight 93 are heroes & this memorial stands as a testament to the american people s undying reverence for their…
rt  wis_dfi  had a big contingent for today s tour of  kretzlumber  including folks from  peopleswi   repseanduffy   wisconsindoa   wdnr an…
breaking news  congress just passed and sent to the president the bill to reopen our government  see my full statem…
getting ready to join  marksteynonline on the  tuckercarlson tonight show on  foxnews 
president trump is doing what his recent predecessors have promised but failed to deliver  formal recognition of je…
rt  cvshealth  thank you  reptomrice for visiting our  cvspharmacy in florence  sc & for your support in our efforts to safely dispose of u…
navigating the federal bureaucracy can be tough    but my staff is here to help  my staff will be hosting mobile of…
we are now considering h r  5176  preventing overdoses while in emergency rooms act find all bills from today s…
looking forward to joining  kimguilfoyle tonight on hannity to discuss my investigation into obama admin s lax tre…
  mrsb1stgraders thanks for your question  ask buddy
happy thanksgiving  tx14  these past few months have been filled with challenges and triumphs  despite the storm  t…
rt  repratcliffe  tomorrow at 2pm  hurdonthehill and i will chair a joint  househomeland &  gopoversight cyber subcommittee hearing on  dh…
no more excuses  no more delays  louis farrakhan is an anti-semite and a racist  he must be denounced  there is no…
tomorrow → senator tim scott and i will release our new book  unified  learn more at
rt  repmarkwalker   republicanstudy  samspressshop having served america as a pow in vietnam and as a congressman  sam is the embodiment of…
always enjoy purcellville public safety day at purcellville volunteer fire company where families come together to…
received a kind letter from  mariabartiromo  i appreciated the opportunity to advocate for citrus farmers devastat…
rt  ambjohnbolton  tomorrow i look forward to starting as national security advisor  and working with president trump and his team to keep…
my wife marie & i were aboard the train to the gop retreat this morning  we are both okay but please keep the drive…
kicking off our dairy discussion in warsaw with under secretary greg ibach  representing one of the largest dairy d…
the disruption zone podcast is about people and ideas that break down paradigms  challenge the status quo  and inno…
i sent the below letter to  gopoversight chairman  tgowdysc  regarding multiple troubling inconsistencies in the co…
chairman  repmarkwalker on tariffs  
congressman griffith s weekly e-newsletter  lessons from the storms  the  windshield phenomenon   for history lovers
as co-chairs of the house recycling caucus   frankpallone and i are pleased to partner with businesses  industries …
with winter in full swing in northern michigan  please take the time to practice safe driving 
the surveillance memo regarding fisa abuse prepared by the house permanent select committee on intelligence should…
rt  energypresssec    congmikesimpson points out  inl can help us get to the next generation of nuclear reactor technology  f y18 budget en…
happy mothers day to all moms 
praying for  gafirstlady as she undergoes cancer treatments and wishing her a quick recovery  her grace and leaders…
it s inauguration day in washington  inauguration2017
speaker paul ryan has been a thoughtful leader on highly important issues  it s not an easy task to manage 434 othe…
sub health is now considering h r  5327  comprehensive opioid recovery centers act 2018 find all bills from today …
rt  lakeemergency  for a list of open grocery stores in lake county  visit 
good morning   in05   i m about to join tim & ed on  1400wbat  tune in  &gt &gt 
  thehill reports  moderate rep  leonard lance  r-nj  says  bump stocks should be banned  and calls for congressio…
  replipinski s h r  5086  the innovators to entrepreneurs act of 2018  co-sponsored by  repwebster  has been appro…
and fully implement recommendations from the advisory commission on rakhine state  i have also cosponsored h con r…
release the memo
good to hear the senate is considering a vote on the tax cutsand jobs act this week  this bill will reform our outda…
on this historically significant day for sikhs  i m wishing our sikh american friends a happy vaisakhi  did you k…
by expanding the combat zone tax exclusion  we will modernize the law to reflect the current realities of warfare a…
today  i m congratulating a j  howard of toccoa and owen brown of commerce  both have excelled as students at the u…
 the implications of the memo are devastating to democracy     my statement on the house intelligence committee s f…
great news  it was just announced the u s  embassy in israel will move to jerusalem by 5/14  jerusalem is israel s…
this will be another great week for our work to fight the abhorrent crime of human trafficking in north carolina an…
today my bill to protect personal information  h r  4403  passed the house  the u s  government needs to protect th…
in this week s morning mailbag i answer a question from keith from modesto on hr 38  the concealed carry reciprocit…
 america was built on opportunity  the land of opportunity is my favorite nickname for this country and the hope an…
thank you  sentomcotton   repjohnlewis   gopleader   reprobbishop   repraulgrijalva   lisamurkowski  &…
u s  treasury estimates 90% of americans who earn a paycheck are likely to see more in take-home pay as early as fe…
i can t say that i normally gravitate to the words of mitch mcconnell  but i think he said it right on a few points…
the shooting at the waffle house this weekend has made clear the need for red flag laws in this country 
icymi- i was proud to have 2 important bills to help seniors and one bill to preserve high quality healthcare for o…
rt  clrmoreprogress   repmullin is hosting an open house at his new claremore office—
reminder  if you need help with veteran s healthcare  social security  disability benefits  etc   be sure to try an…
the american people deserve transparency and releasing this memo is a step in the right direction in restoring fait…
dean and i join all americans in celebrating the remarkable life of barbara bush  she served the american people wi…
rt  ksfynathan  gametime  ncaa tournament opening round  south dakota state vs  ohio state  let s go 
unemployment is just 3 9% and there are 6 6 million open u s  jobs right now – let s bridge the gap for  snap  recip…
rt  portsanantonio  many thanks to u s  representative will hurd for your stateofdistrict23 update on may 3 at the south san antonio chamb…
happy birthday to a great  tx22  city -  missouricitytx 
rep   justinamash is live with  sfliberty talking surveillance reform  government spending  and more  tune in 
rt  repmarcykaptur  thank you to  repmoolenaar  repmikequigley and  repdavejoyce for speaking on behalf of our efforts to stop asian carp now
affordable and reliable energy is key to a strong and prosperous future for america 
rt  drstevegriffin1   prossercareers welcomed congressman trey hollingsworth on friday  mr  hollingsworth was very impressed with what we p…
this wednesday  acting  cfpbdirector mick mulvaney is testifying before our committee on the semi-annual report of…
i ve experienced firsthand the power of prayer and how it helped save my life  i m glad  realdonaldtrump has declar…
snapping a quick selfie before the group pic with the wellborn elementary students  hope y all…
our delegation appreciated meeting with  ustraderep and  usambcanada today in montreal to discuss the progress of…
us service academy nomination apps are due by october 13th  please share w/ any students who may be interested …
rt  speakerboehner  quick no budget no pay survey  should members of congress be paid if they can t pass a budget  rt if no  favorite if yes 
rt  maderasheriff  current road closure list for mission fire   cont  
rt  lifespringinc  our staff visited with  reptrey to discuss the importance of community health center funding  thanks for your support  c…
ready for liftoff   nasainsight  the first mission to study the deep interior of mars  is scheduled to launch satur…
rt  uspto  last week on april 26   repgoodlatte joined  uspto  and director andrei iancu on capitol hill to celebrate world i p day and recogn…
thanks  orionchamber for hosting me today - i enjoyed our productive discussion on tax reform  irs modernization &…
continuing the talk small yall tour with a ribbon cutting at vault at 723 in downtown hot springs  it is the 100th r…
with  loudounsheriff at dulles south station for drug take back day  the sheriff s office also has take back boxes at…
congressman bill johnson covers current tax reform and addiction with local companies | whiz news  whiznewscom
happening now   repdougcollins is managing the combined rule for h r  3978  h r  3299  and h r  620  watch the  housefloor live on  cspan 
looking forward to working w/  secretaryzinke to unleash ak s energy potential  thanks for the pen from today s sec…
rt  trish_regan  we want people who can come here that can contribute  that want to be part of america  -  repbradwenstrup on immigrationr…
on memorial day we pause to remember those who paid the ultimate sacrifice for our nation  let us keep their memory…
rt  austinscottga08  federal offices in d c  are closed today due to a winter storm  however  my d c  office will be open and operating wit…
rt  freedomworks    repthomasmassie   90 of us voted against the omnibus  i think only one of those 90 should be the next speaker   sassy…
thanks for the support on this important legislation 
rt  houseappropsgop  starting at 2 pm   secelainechao testifies before  mariodb and the transportation/hud subcommittee on the fy19 budget…
it s odd that a democrat is saying the f i s a memo could indicate a constitutional crisis—isn t congressional oversig…
students from the floyd co  area tech  center designed the ky fishing buddy app to win the  congressionalac  learn…
chairman  mactxpress joins  speakerryan s press conference on the omnibus to outline how important the vote today i…
always great to spend time with the  jmsbears and  hmsbears  thanks for your thoughtful questions  and i hope you e…
well-earned congratulations to  fiuvolleyball program and the  fiu beach volleyball team heading to the  ncaa champ…
congratulations to  ndwbb and coach mcgraw on their national championship title  i was honored to present them with…
rt  speakerryan  first lady barbara bush was a force who loved her family and our country passionately  the flag at the  uscapitol flies at…
i am proud to have worked with  potus to increase the child tax credit  lower tax rates and nearly double the stand…
u s  rep  leonard lance has joined with u s  rep  josh gottheimer and three other new jersey congressmen to unveil …
rt  riponadvance  new reform laws have assisted the va holding bad employees accountable   repbradwenstrup asks other federal agency heads…
rt  repmimiwalters   we introduced  fosta  because it is heartbreaking to watch survivors struggle to piece their lives back together while…
that s why my financial services appropriations bill last year included many similar provisions  it s also one of t…
rt  alznct   repjoebarton thank you so much for meeting with us in d c  and supporting the  alznct   endalz  alzforum
small businesses contribute to our local and national economy by bringing growth  jobs  and innovation to the commu…
meeting new  dtskck executive director jason norbury today at  acuponthehill in downtown kck  discussing economic d…
rt  nwsstlouis  wintry mix this afternoon/evening  during the evening rush for some areas  accum  of a light glaze of ice to 2 inches of sn…
our government spends billions of dollars preparing citizens to be warriors  but invests only a fraction of that he…
today is tax day  thanks to the tax cuts and jobs act  this is the last year folks will have to file taxes under the o…
great work by these businesses  the suncoast is a hotbed for innovation and job growth  sayfie
sub environment explored policy implications of electric and conventional transportation future during hearing toda…
check your check
exciting growth  rooting for wins as our economic development teams support job creators and work with educators to…
rt  jacob_holzman  no 👏 one 👏 does 👏 highly 👏 intricate 👏 graphs 👏like 👏 a 👏 schweikert 👏 special 👏 order 👏 speech 👏
rt  inglejohn1973  no settlement reached in red river land dispute hearing via  timesrecordnews  mactxpress  jonmco…
rt  kwktfox44    reprwilliams and  judgejohncarter have returned from kuwait and iraq fox44tx
rt  clrmoreprogress   repmullin and  inhofepress attending a roundtable discussion today to discuss the veterans and the opioid crisis  htt…
rt  repmikerogersal  there is no way to track  snap  recipients who may be registered for benefits in multiple states  the 2018 farm bill imp…
rt  robwittman  signed into law  keep america s refuges operational act  huge win for publiclands 
 robynroberts after reviewing the documents myself on thursday  i called for them to be released  a vote by the hou…
rt  iowafuel  irfa members are on capitol hill today meeting with iowa representatives with  growthenergy thank you  reprodblum and  repdav…
rt  speakerryan  our men and women in uniform are not bargaining chips—they are our nation s best and brightest  who put their lives on the…
pelosi doesn t want to fund our military service members and their families  a vote against the budget is a vote…
update from dc- i m here and ready to work if senate democrats decide they are ready to join me in supporting chip …
rt  repstefanik  watch  my full opening remarks on defense innovation  artificial intelligence  ai   and cyber warfare at yesterday s emerg…
last night   foxnews s  bretbaier covered my concerns with mavni   deptofdefense investigators share my concerns 
the house passed 5 veterans bills last night and will consider another 9 vets bills this afternoon  per  gopleader
yesterday i met with juniors and seniors in the government class at  tctrojans in neola  they had some great questi…
i join  senjohnmccain & others in urging  dhsgov to reverse course & allow jones act waiver to aid recovery efforts for puerto rico 
  houseappropsgop approves fy18 energy & water bill w/funding for army corps of engineers & flood control projects like  trvfortworth
snow wasn t going to stop me from meeting this patriot  thank you  benshapiro for your time and your work defending…
today i had the privilege of inviting  armywarcollege class of 2018 to observe  hascrepublicans as we markup the fy…
next year you won t have to worry about filing under a complicated tax code  we made it simpler to save you time an…
today on national agriculture day  i want to thank hoosier farmers for their endless contributions to our local eco…
rt  missingkids  ncmec applauds house for bringing  repannwagner s  fosta  &  repmimiwalters  amendment to the floor for a vote – significan…
this is a very sad day for our friends in florida  there are no words sufficient enough for the families of those w…
looking forward to joining  mn_agrigrowth and  nafta  partners to discuss ag in n a f t a 
the house just passed funding for a key health program for kids  now the senate needs to act  sayfie
my office is now accepting applications for spring internships in my toms river and marlton offices  check out the…
today  we celebrate the incredible successes of women across the world  these accomplishments inspire us to fight f…
happy birthday  usairforce  thank you to the men & women that guard our skies and ensure our safety  aim high…
sending prayers to this community in texas 
thanks  potus  secshulkin for your work on behalf of america s heroes  look forward to continuing our progress in 2…
advanced pilot training is crucial for our current and future military members  this afternoon  i experienced the…
rt  repmccaul  at the  whitehouse to join  potus for the signing of my bill to combat human trafficking  the dhs blue campaign authorizatio…
rt  mikecrapo  the idaho delegation will be hosting military service academy information days throughout idaho  the first session will be t…
honored to speak at  jcrcminndak event last night to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the state of israel 
speaking at tonight s hokies on the hill reception 
happy birthday to the  airforcereserve  our country is grateful that you stand ready to fly  fight and win  thank y…
rt  edworkforce  house advances juvenile justice reform act to enhance opportunity for vulnerable  at-risk youth  h… 
rt  foxnews  opinion  speaker paul ryan  tax day isn t usually a day to celebrate  this year is different
rt  repsamgraves  honor to travel on air force one with  potus  realdonaldtrump & the missouri delegation  through tax reform we are bringin…
watch  the  housecommerce sub health markup on 60  bills  a direct result of ideas and feedback from american commu…
rt  preskeel  really excited to have  congressmanhice visit and learn more about our  aug_university  aug_cyber program and the  gacybercen…
expanding the child tax credit will provide more resources to expectant mothers and help with the growing costs of…
heading over to  houseappropsgop full committee markup of the fy18 homeland & interior bills  tune in at 11 am et 
rt  ostxshow  today on ostx   texastribune s  rossramsey talks texas politics at 5 15pm    reparrington is in-studio to talk washington pol…
congratulations to  nobschools students for taking 1st place in in s inaugural high school pitch competition  stude…
congratulations to  kylemccarteril on his nomination to serve as the next ambassador to kenya  president…
obsess much  i still got 10 more months  schatz 
rt  vadotfred  heavier snow is falling in fredericksburg district  w/more roads in fred burg area seeing partial or total snow coverage  pl…
 with malice toward none  with charity for all  with firmness in the right  as god gives us to see the right  let u…
in marienville forest county visiting yeany s maple syrup sugar shack during pennsylvania 4th season spring  summer  fall & maple
if you missed it earlier  i joined outnumbered overtime earlier to address sanctuary cities and border security   w…
it s tax day and this year we are saying goodbye to an old  outdated tax code  thanks to the tax cuts & jobs act  a…
thank you mark 
i cannot in good faith accept my pay while our men and women in uniform are not receiving theirs  schumershutdown
staff from my office will be holding mobile office hours in bunnell tomorrow  stop by the flagler county offices an…
as i told  wsfa12news  this farm bill also includes some important welfare reforms that implement strict work requi…
thank you for standing up for the united states  amb   nikkihaley 
looking forward to speaking with you on  bloombergtv after the  financialcmte hearing today  viewers  tune in aroun…
rt  charliecox66  big thanks to  repguthrie and staff for providing us with an awesome tour of the capitol during our washington d c  trip …
great time touring glen rose medical center and meeting with their staff to discuss rural healthcare  thanks for ha…
happy national park week
thanks to  potus  realdonaldtrump s leadership  the forgotten men and women of this country have a voice in the whi…
secretary tillerson was a faithful public servant  and i thank him for his service to the country  i look forward…
rt  eagles  nfc championship game  our place  fly eagles fly
rep  leonard lance presented richard belluscio of clark with service medals that his father  staff sergeant frank j…
our young men and women in uniform continue to stand up and hold the line when our country needs them most  it was…
it was an honor to attend the nati  academies of sciences  engineering & medicine s briefing yesterday on their rep…
rt  housecommerce  sub energy to hear from  secretaryperry on april 12 to discuss  energy fy 2019 budget priorities &gt &gt &gt &gt 
this week i signed on to a bipartisan letter with my colleagues in the house urging full funding for the glri for f…
national pet day celebrates the joy pets bring into our lives  just like my dog cooper 
it s financial literacy month  and it s also social security month - what better time to think about your financial f…
rt  speakerryan  make no mistake about it → senate democrats are the only ones standing in the way of a fully funded government and a reaut…
rt  housegop  the flags of the  uscapitol are lowered to half-staff to honor the courageous men & women of america s law enforcement who ga…
had a great time spending my sunday afternoon at the  laketravishs  heismantrophy celebration honoring…
earmarks - we ve heard this siren s song before  and it didn t end well 
i applaud the senate for quickly passing my bill to manage dungeness crab  now to the president  read more here 
usda approved dsnap for florida  food stamps for irma victims who lost food and wouldn t otherwise qualify for aid …
thanks to taxreform passed by congress and signed by  potus  the economy is waking up again   sotu 
rt  houseagnews    conawaytx11  i would have liked to have had discussions on  snap  with my dem colleagues over the past month in order to…
met with some bright future ag leaders from lenawee and monroe counties today  thanks to  michigan4h for stopping b…
rt  repdrewferguson  kicking off the district work period with the griffin/spalding chamber of commerce talking about how tax reform and re…
it s time to make that memo public 
glad my office could help students from indian valley reschedule some of their tours after a company backed out on…
 tbt  to election night 2014  happy birthday to the most important woman in my life and my biggest supporter  mary a…
rt  hascrepublicans  chairman  mactxpress opening remarks on today s hearing - u s  defense strategy on south asia -
national park week is a great time to find your park and understand the important legacy of american stewardship  her…
got to tour the brand new casey s in corning with the corning chamber of commerce  was great to hear about the busi…
president obama s restrictive gun control executive action today undermines the 2a rights of law-abiding citizens
a moment 70 years in the making   23 years since congress passed the jerusalem embassy act  congratulations 2…
good news for small business  record number of smallbiz owners say it s a good time to expand – thanks to…
proud to support the stop school violence act  this bipartisan legislation will help keep our children safe and pre…
the opportunity to serve in the u s  house has truly been one of the greatest honors of my life  thank you  ga06  →
great to speak at the national defense industrial association s greater indiana chapter meeting this morning to giv…
updated shelter list in brevard
americans are going to see a fairer  flatter  simpler & more competitive tax code with  housegop taxreform plan  h…
happy 227th birthday to the us coast guard  founded in 1790 by alexander hamilton  semper paratus
the  fy18ndaa  is a bipartisan bill that provides the readiness  resources  & reform needed for our military more …
defense cuts have been detrimental to our military readiness and to our national security  as a result  we delivere…
this group from the greater des moines habitat for humanity came to washington to talk to me about their work and h…
as we celebrate black history month check out these trailblazers who helped shape minnesota ↓
millennials aren t asking for a free pass  they re asking for a fair shot g o p future
rt  wsmv  gallatin will open the city hall dining room in the basement of city hall tonight as an alternative for those needing shelter  th…
rt  speakerryan  breaking news → the biggest tax reform in a generation is now the law of the land  as promised  real tax relief is on the…
rt  yhn  after  repmobrooks   impassioned house floor speech  democrats kill balanced budget constitutional amendment alpolitics
rt  vincecoakley  great to see my good friend  repthomasmassie here in charlotte
rt  stevegarvey6  candace and i with congressman  rodneydavis at skincancer awareness day  rayburnbuilding in washington    mlb dodgers…
rt  politicolive   is there enough money in the pipeline [to combat opioid crisis]  no  we ll have to readdress this  - rephalrogers at pr…
live at 2 pm   epascottpruitt testifies before  kencalvert and the interior subcommittee on the fy19 budget request…
rt  housegop  rt to agree →  housedemocrats need to quit the double-talk on the 2018 farm bill  this is too important for them to use in the…
proud to be one of few members named a  taxpayer super hero  by  govwaste  
why am i celebrating tax day  because it marks the last time you have to file your taxes under the outdated and bur…
icymi  also in the omnibus  extra overtime for the secret service --&gt  via  rollcall
tech2s day at  satechbloc is tonight  more details on their facebook page 
realgeorgewashington was right  the president has no constitutional authority to make war without congress    this…
from this farmer   rep of one of world s most productive ag regions  happy national ag day  farmers in central wa an…
rt  regularmedic   repsmucker this is common sense legislation that takes a step in the right direction  increasing funding for the securit…
thx for having me in on this rainy day  great to be back with the eagles of ehths  
this lack of data creates a significant vulnerability that can be easily exploited by drug traffickers  cbp and the…
  usreprodney  food safety and inspection services are also a priority  with a total of  1 05b provided to ensure t…
rt  houseagnews  icymi  house ag members highlight nutrition on house floor  s n a pmatters  congressmangt  conawaytx…
a great look at some innovative changes taking place in  wi08  to improve health outcomes 
know any talented  tx10  high school artists  let them know about this year s congressional art competition  submiss…
 ca08  el nino preparations and knowing what to do are very important 
my statement on the u s  withdrawal from the flawed iran nuclear deal  utpol
add  lowes to the growing list of more than 250 businesses passing on the benefits of taxreform to its employees -…
cures now  delivering hope to patients and their loved ones 
 markseverett  kylekashuv  ingrahamangle
tune in soon  at 4 05pm et i will be on  foxnews with  teamcavuto 
as the grammys are on the hill  the music modernization act is on its way to the house floor 
in the senate  60 votes are needed to pass a bill of this nature  there are 51 rs  the individual aspects of the bi…
it was an honor to present the tx-17 congressional veteran commendation to 13 deserving brazos valley veterans who…
did you know that the omnibus allocated  130m for the rural communities opioid response program and  52m for distan…
my thoughts are with the clinton  mo police department this morning after the loss of one of their officers  please…
proud to work with  potus and this bipartisan group on pushing congressional term limits  what a monumental step t…
rt  traveltech  travel tech president  steveshur will testify before  housesmallbiz subcommittee at 11am et today about the valuable role o…
rt  foxbusiness    repdougcollins on  potus  proposal for foods boxes instead of food stamps   there needs to be reforms in there so we can…
on this day in 1794  the u s  post office was established  photo taken from 1950 s mail sorting room in dc 
glad you had a productive meeting today  thank you for advocating for nih funding 
rt  repjohncurtis  may the fourth be with you  fbf   mayorkaufusi
tomorrow is the last day of our old  broken tax code  that means lower rates for all americans are just around the…
offense when on offense  play offense  it s not time to take a knee or bring out the punter  we have promises to…
on national day of prayer   we not only give thanks for all we ve been given and pray for the way forward in our live…
rt  stevescalise  hard to believe it s been almost a year since the attack on the congressional baseball game practice  as we honor police…
the white supremacists & neo-nazis who organized charlottesville event have no place in politics culture or debate & must b condemned by all
had a great time with  aurorailchamber talking taxes and jobs  and viewing their small business expo during…
rt  jecrepublicans  want to simplify taxes and boost investment  move to full expensing  more jobs  income and growth  tax refom tax day ht…
rt  housecommerce  icymi  sub health chairman  michaelcburgess leads special order on the house floor on the opioid crisis &gt &gt 
rt  wxii  vice president  mikepencevp is pledging support for federal disaster relief after touring tornado damage in greensboro friday mor…
congress designated may as national military appreciation month in 1999 to ensure that the nation was given the cha…
today   housecommerce will hear from zuckerberg on what happens to our personal information  facebook  this is an…
what would you do with a  1 331 tax cut  for the median household of 4 in the grand strand and pee dee  that s what…
this week  i attended the aipac policy conference and spoke with local aipac representatives about the importance o…
happening now  examining the regulation of shark finning in the united states  📺⬇️  gopoversight
 woodsey_allen  indivisibleca48 yep  needs to be an investigation into voter fraud  including organizing illegal aliens to vote
today was a really special day  i was so honored to be at the laying of reverend billy graham in the capitol  and t…
great to see amy from cedar falls in dc- thank you for all of your work advocating to find a cure for melanoma …
senate finally acting to reopen federal gov  house will vote later today - i will vote yes - and my offices will re…
rt  waysandmeansgop  pro-growth tax reform should be about creating jobs and increasing paychecks – not washington special interests 
congress has passed a budget deal to fully fund our military by reversing harmful  sequestration cuts  and keep our…
there are too many students graduating with massive student loan debt struggling to get jobs and too many businesse…
bill mulder was a true american hero who served our country with honor and distinction  like many of our troops  bi…
rt  housebudgetgop  house budget chairman  and tax reform conferee   repdianeblack s statement on the tax cutsand jobs act becoming law ↓ htt…
our smallbusinesses are the backbone of our  tx23  communities & employ 4 6 million hardworking texans across the s…
rt  speakerryan  today  the  uscapitol flags are lowered to half-staff in honor of our country s law enforcement who have given their lives…
enjoyed meeting with karen and cathy today to discuss the importance of complex rehab technology  they are in d c …
check out  lenaweenews for a recap of my  lowes tour to talk about the benefits of the tax cuts and jobs act 
2  congress should take the lead on this issue and pass  repspeier mandatory sexual harassment training legislation…
rt  waysandmeansgop  did you know that many of the irs s it systems date back to when president kennedy was in office in the early 1960s  i…
i m fighting for taxreform for families who need a pay raise and a fairer shot at the american dream 
rt  vp  congratulations to mike pompeo on being confirmed the 70th secretary of state  mike brings years of public service and expertise to…
tune in to  foxnews tonight at 8 40pm  i ll be live in studio with  tuckercarlson 
it s funny that sen brown  who is the ranking member on senate banking didn t support the package that passed 67 to…
28 years ago today the hubble telescope launched into space  giving us a closer look at the universe thanks to…
did you hear that mobile offices are coming to a city near you  get the full list  along with dates and times  on t…
rt  riponadvance  more republicans including  tomcoleok04  susanwbrooks &  repkinzinger support trump s commitment to fight terrorism 
addressing the opioid crisis  q&a with rep  jim sensenbrenner via  huffpost   wi05 
our hearts go out to those affected by today s tragic event at the osu homecoming parade  please keep them in your thoughts & prayers today 
this week is small business week across the u s  -- be sure to support  co06  small businesses by shopping local  al…
mr  brunt and is an inspiration to us all  thanks  sonc_beafan and  catawspecolymp for all of your work to support…
it s time to end shutdown politics  either congress passes this terrible 2 200 page omnibus spending bill that was…
last night  i voted to keep the government open & extend child health insurance for 6 years for 1 935 kids in umati…
thank you to all of our men and women in law enforcement for your tireless  selfless dedication  congratulations on…
audacity  n   voting on a constitutional balanced budget amendment only 4 legislative days after ramming through ma…
  speakerryan has served with distinction and honor for almost 20 years  he has been a remarkable leader and great…
strong commitment to our allies is part of america s legacy  it s how we will defeat terrorism & maintain our glob…
rt  housegop  companies all across america are announcing bonuses and increased benefits for their employees because of the tax cutsand jobs…
rt  repfredupton  48 states  including michigan  seeing lower utility bills following tax reform
brightline kicked off our congressional hearing last week by calling treasure coast residents  narrow minded   that…
as i have said repeatedly  i also remain 100 percent confident in special counsel robert mueller  the contents of t…
pleasure to sit down with  okstate president  burnshargis this afternoon to catch up on the latest in our nation s…
this year s theme for national day of prayer is unity  which serves as a reminder of how important it is for us all…
my office will be holding a fema town hall tomorrow night in bayside 
section 702 is indispensable  vital  and critical to the freedom and security of this country  i urge my colleagues…
rt  housegop  with 90% of americans set to see increased paychecks this month  the benefits from tax cutsand jobs act just keeps getting bett…
rt  repkevinyoder  proud of our work over the last year plus in the leg branch  houseappropsgop subcommittee to finally achieve a longstand…
enjoyed being with many friends and hoosier leaders at this morning s rv industry power breakfast in elkhart  the r…
today  we remember the 289 lives lost  otd  in 1937 in a natural gas explosion at the london school in new london  t…
may the fourth be with you  hope everyone has a great friday …
rt  boblatta  🚨🚨🚨small biz confidence at all-time high🚨🚨🚨 bloomberg on the  nfib survey      producing one of the strongest readings in th…
i had the pleasure of meeting frank zupan  army world war ii veteran  this morning at the menifee county coffee wit…
 icymi   i introduced a bipartisan bill w/  repohalleran to ensure tribes have the technical assistance necessary to…
rt  housejudiciary  on the floor now   h r  4854 increases the capacity of prosecutors to address the backlog of violent crime cases involv…
i was glad to discuss waste watch with the  dailycaller s tim young on his new show  no things considered  govwaste
 repteddeutch thank you  my chief will reach out to your chief with details 
too many americans are targeted by scams purporting to be their utility company  that s why i ve sponsored h res618…
over the weekend i made it to indianola bike night and spoke with folks about a number of issues  one gentleman tol…
and the crumbs keep on coming tax reform
please join me in praying for all of the students  teachers  families and first responders affected by today s horrific events in florida
 otd  in 1901 the beautiful bluebonnet was named the texas state flower 
during womens history month we honor the legacy of v a05 s barbara johns  a fearless civil rights pioneer whose brav…
serving with her on the house rules committee allowed me to see her passion and dedication to service first hand  a…
today  our men and women in uniform win as a result of a battle  hascrepublicans have been waging over the past yea…
i appreciate speaker ryan s leadership as speaker of the house and his service to our country as a member from the…
onus is on iran  remove the sunset provision  fix the verification regime & knock off the other illegal  nefarious …
today  i spoke on the house floor in honor of corporal eugene cole  my full remarks 
rt  cohhio  thank you  repstevestivers for your vote for housing in fy18 appropriations bill & support for rental assistance  homeless gran…
otd in 1775 - the ride of paul revere  dawes    prescott alerted mass residents that the british were out  intent o…
rt  waysandmeansgop  as choices dwindle under obamacare  house republicans help americans access more health care options
relatedly   chewbacca defense rejoinder  sounds like either a hipster band or a kind of craft ipa  if only 
full   house appropriations subcommittee mark-up of fy18 agriculture bill    
rt  waysandmeansgop  bloomberg markets   reports out thursday showed recent tax cuts buoyed americans  spending power in january  unemploym…
dems are all talk on zika  here s the real story of how they re politicking with americans  health  despicable 
rt  cnbc  breaking  apple says it will contribute more than  350 billion over the next five years to the us economy through investments  w…
  skarinadam thanks for your question  please contact my office in savannah or brunswick  we want to help  ask buddy
live ➡️ as the former secretary of state of texas  i m discussing border security with  dagenmcdowell on…
proud to support law enforcement officers on national law enforcement appreciation day 👮🏽
rt  ltisdschools  cav nation is proud to honor  bakermayfield during the lake travis heisman celebration today  we love how baker continues…
getting ready for our tele-town hall  follow us on facebook  we ll be live 
we took this drastic step with a discharge petition  allowing the people s house to record their votes on a legisl…
congratulations team shuster  minnesota proud pyeonchang2018 🥇
witnesses at this week s hbc hearing had a lot to say about our current fiscal/econ state  watch here 
god bless peter s heroic soul 
i join the nation  praying for the bush family as they say goodbye to  america s first lady   barbara bush  having…
rt  jason_howerton  they protected her for decades  her codename was  tranquility   fitting for former first lady barbara bush  now  her s…
just getting to the winter olympics is quite an achievement  congrats to ramona native seamus o connor  who repres…
schumer shutdown
rt  oversightdems   repcummings   repcummings  the fair chance act is bipartisan legislation that i introduced w/  darrellissa to address t…
thanks to  ttusystem  chancellorrld for stopping by my office to say hi to the two red raider interns in my office 
remembering today the teachers who encouraged and believed in me as a student  thank a  ky02  teacher today  teacher appreciation day
as responded to you previously  i believe most south jersey residents & americans prefer ongoing investigations int…
rt  msactivist  thank you  repcharliedent for meeting with us about nih funding today  rally med res m sactivist
rt  speakerryan  our men and women in uniform are not bargaining chips—they are our nation s best and brightest  who put their lives on the…
full cmte chairman  repgregwalden and sub d c c p chairman  boblatta issue the following statement on the senate confi…
rt  repjenniffer  irma and maría impacted the reserve  you can still see fallen trees   the lighthouse  established in 1882 and included in…
ada lovelace is considered to be the first computer programmer  her notes on her analytical engine algorithm in the…
today we remember thurgood marshall – first african american justice of the supreme court – a champion of free speech and civil liberties 
rt  repgregwalden  the ray baum s act reauthorizes the fcc  includes efficiency and transparency reforms for the fcc  and spurs the develop…
mike pompeo is an exceptional choice to lead  statedept  his expertise will be instrumental in defending u s  sover…
tax reform is working  sen  rubio  | my op-ed in today s wall street journal  via  wsjopinion
rt  housegop    potus  and freedom stands tall over one more monument  this one  this capitol  this living monument to the american peop…
happy passover to all who celebrate 
the trump administration is taking action and suing the state  we finally have a president that will enforce our la…
outrageously high prescription drug costs have burdened pennsylvanians for far too long  i applaud  potus for takin…
i m pleased to put this bill forward to help place indian tribes on equal footing with non-tribal citizens by allow…
 stay true to your beliefs  it s more difficult and more challenging  but in the end  it s worthwhile  it makes a d…
the  ntu honored rep  sensenbrenner with its taxpayers  friend award 
at cvs  full time employees are saving money on health insurance and benefitting from a new paid parental leave pr…
the new jersey board of public utilities  bpu  signed an order that mandates utility companies to pass any savings…
as texas continues to rebuild from harvey   fema specialists answer questions & offer tips to build hazard-resista…
rt  repbrianmast  as a result of our tax cuts bill   ups made a  5 billion voluntary contribution to its employees  pension plan and is inv…
during national police week  we recognize the brave men and women of law enforcement who risk their lives each day …
strong testimony today by ag sessions  so far  after all these months  still no evidence of russian collusion with trump campaign 
rt  speakerryan  in coordination with our allies  the u s  took decisive action against the syrian regime  the regime s unconscionable brut…
 jakematt1999  votemeadows  highpointu wonderful to see you back up here jake  don t be a stranger 
icymi   housecommerce is stepping up to fight the crisis next door  here are just a few examples of our work to comb…
rt  housegop  another day  another great announcement because of the tax cutsand jobs act   cvspharmacy will be  ✔ increasing hourly pay rate…
thank you for having me on this morning  jimsharpe
posey to host symposium on combating human trafficking on jan 11th
rt  houseagnews    conawaytx11  i crafted a budget-neutral nutrition title that i believe not only keeps faith with  snap  beneficiaries but…
congressman griffith s weekly e-newsletter 7 24 17  the trouble with the cbo
rt  prcomnonprofit  u s  congressman jody hice visits bulldog steel fabrication
yesterday  i met with my colleagues in the climate solutions caucus to discuss ongoing and new ideas to promote ene…
i was honored to attend the freedom from addiction coalition community breakfast  hosted by the mayors of vestavia…
happy valentines day to my high school sweetheart  a wonderful wife and a loving mother and grandmother  thanks  di…
this tax day marks the end of an era—an era of high taxes & a complicated tax code that has burdened smallbiz owne…
rt  nwherald  u s rep  randy hultgren visits mchenry s pioneer center for 60th anniversary
rt  austin_police  apd is asking the public to remain vigilant and report anything suspicious  if you come across anything that looks suspi…
the announcement from  whitehouse that qatar has agreed to end subsidies for its airline is an important action  th…
congrats to  carthager9 junior high   we want to build  more importantly  good citizens  kiddos that understand h…
us goods trade deficit with canada was  12 1b in 2016  trade deficit
rt  hascrepublicans  our troops have born the burden - 2k pilots short in the air force - 50% of the f18s in the navy can t fly     mactxpr…
rt  foxnews    tgowdysc   i am optimistic that we are going to be able to solve [daca] and in addition make sure that this is the last time…
kudos to my friend  former colleague  and constituent  secretary of state mike pompeo for his work and the efforts…
chairman  repgoodlatte   in the wake of the tragic and senseless attack on the students and faculty of marjory ston…
 ca08  visit mammoth
rt  waysandmeansgop  did you know that many of the irs s it systems date back to when president kennedy was in office in the early 1960s  i…
america s military fights to defend our freedom and keep us safe  as we observe military appreciation month  i enc…
enjoyed meeting with  janetadamsspeak of kernersville last week  ja net speaks around the world about financial lit…
great visiting with choteau and bainville members of ffa  the future of ag is full of innovation 
rt  siobahncday  i m having lunch today with  repmarkwalker in aggieland   we will be discussing the prosper act   aggiepride 
the american people deserve to know the influence and information that foreign powers have on our people  our elect…
 ca10  residents  join me tomorrow for a live tax reform telephone town hall  call-in info below 
icymi - last night  i provided an update with cbo s june 2017 numbers about the fiscal solvency of our country 
house passed otto warmbier north korea nuclear sanctions act  my thoughts on why this legislation is so important 
rt  housecommerce    aaf released new data yesterday on how the opioid crisis has harmed the american workforce and cost the u s  economy m…
this is great news--  u s  factories expanded in february at the fastest rate since may 2004  indicating sustained…
due to the tax cuts and jobs act a middle-income family of four in northeast ohio will see a tax cut of  2 720  find o…
rt  housecommerce  live now  sub energy convenes hearing on  oversight of the federal energy regulatory commission and the fy2019 budget  …
on april 10  my staff will be in russellville for our mobile office  stop on by 
rt  gopoversight  🚨breaking  chairmen  tgowdysc and  repgoodlatte call for special counsel to investigate crimes involving bias and fisa ab…
boozman  westerman tour eagle distributing of texarkana talk small yall ar4  johnboozman  txkgazette  txkchamber
rt  mercatus  steel touches every american life  that s an argument against a steel import tax  not for it 
rt  washtimesoped  listen  trump sends troops to border   reprwilliams speaks up   timconstantine1 capitol hill show
rt  housecommerce  live now  sub energy hears directly from  secretaryperry during hearing on  the fiscal year 2019 department of energy bu…
i encourage you to join in  it can be as simple as going through your medicine cabinet and disposing of old or unwa…
secondly  excited my plan on medicare optionality is included in the r s c budget as well  thanks  republicanstudy fo…
i just left the house floor where i signed onto the discharge petition to proceed with the queenofthe hill legislat…
teachers are shaping and inspiring america s future leaders  thank you for your hard work and dedication to educati…
spring is a beautiful time of year to visit washington  d c   if you re planning a visit  contact my office for ass…
  kroger said it planned to hire for 11 000 new positions  including 2 000 management roles  at that time  it said…
proud of these great kansans & looking forward to mike pompeo receiving the same bipartisan confirmation vote for s…
 we need local consensus when we make changes to our desert   read more from my  vvdailypress editorial --&gt   ca08 
rt  trish_regan     potus is a businessman  not a politician…he knows the numbers  he knows what will work    and he has the ability to neg…
the tax cutsand jobs act nearly doubles the standard deduction  increases the child tax credit  & lowers tax rates ac…
looking forward to being on  foxnews  ingrahamangle at 8 00 pm mt  i ll be talking about why the intelligence commi…
rt  alexnbcnews  rep  mariodb on immigration discharge petition  this bold move will force a vote on the floor  this is an issue that will…
thanks district attorney hillar moore  ebrda for the educational meeting with our interns  they fully appreciate…
hable c  telemundonews sbr porque me uní a una petición formal para que legislación para proteger a los d r e a mers s…
policies like catch and release threaten the safety of the american people  this is a critical step towards closing…
1 you will be able to keep more of your hard-earned    every month
awesome  and delicious  lunch today at  finalgravitymi in decatur  another one of our stellar small businesses here…
honored to meet u s  airforce staff sergeant spencer stone and u s  army national guardsman alek skarlatos this wee…
anne and i are off the the jointsession
watch the markup process of pending legislation in the  housevetaffairs committee live now 
check out this short video from  reppeteolson about tax cuts implemented by congress and  potus  texans are feeling…
tax cuts   rolling back burdensome regulations = economic growth  economy
great tele-townhall tonight  thanks to the 5 400  montanans who participated  mtpol
rt  lawrenceamyc  look out world  the 717 is  hip  
for those in clinton county looking for ways to support the victims of harvey  the chamber of commerce is collecti…
community mental health  addiction services would be expanded under blunt  lance bill - ripon advance
the completed budget for 2018 includes critical funding for the usda farm to school grant program  big win for the…
in case you missed it  we ve kicked off the 2018 congressional art competition for  ga08   if you have questions abo…
i m pleased that hanford reach nat l monument will remain open to public and future generations to enjoy  grateful…
doubling the standard deduction and expanding the child tax credit are just 2 of the ways the tax cutsand jobs act pr…
 niosha  shannonbrooke01  indivisible_oc i believe voter fraud extensive  an investigation should prove that one way or other
rt  mariabartiromo  tomorrow  where are the comey memos   repgoodlatte  devinnunes  tgowdysc want them by this monday  we discuss tmrw  sun…
this morning i ll be joining  wdak to talk about our upcoming jobs fair  be sure to tune in for details 
release  small business committee examines report on  sbagov s 7 a  loans to poultry farmers
rt  nasa  jim bridenstine is sworn in as our 13th administrator  he will oversee our ongoing mission of exploration and discovery  watch  h…
appreciated the opportunity to address & visit with community minded folks at the rogersville kiwanis club s lunch…
chairman  drphilroe just announced the committee s schedule for next week  read it here 
friday is national manufacturing day  an opportunity for students to learn about exciting career opportunities  
tomorrow is national prescription drug take back day  an opportunity to dispose safely of unwanted  expired or exce…
  potus   this april will be the last time you ever file under the old broken system—and millions of americans will…
tomorrow  a full committee hearing to explore the inability of the corporation for national and community service t…
rt  gopleader  this is our last year ever filing under this ridiculous  complicated  punitive tax code  next year we ll all benefit from a…
federal immigration laws are not optional  i proudly voted in favor of kates law and no sanctuary for criminals act to…
rt  reprickallen  congress has been working steadily to reduce regulations to allow for job creation  thriving businesses  and economic gro…
 garylabranche thank you for your kind words gary 
want the latest updates on tax reform  text  tax reform  to 50589 and you ll be the first to receive breaking news…
rt  waysandmeansgop  citing tax reform   fedex announced today  ☑️  200 million in wage increases ☑️  1 5 billion contribution to employee…
rt  mtec_sc  happy anniversary  nateyeinstitute  we were honored to attend reception last night with special guests  repralphnorman and  pe…
utility companies in 48 states have taken action to pass their federal tax savings on to their customers  that s mo…
 houseappropsgop  hr3219  was developed through an open & bipartisan process & i m proud of the work my colleagues &…
attn elkins  tomorrow my mobile office will be coming to you  we will be at elkins city hall from 2 00 to 4 00pm ct…
don t forget to register for the 2018 congressional art competition by friday  april 20th  the winning entry will be…
thanks to  danoxochsner for inviting me to join him on his show for a few minutes during his annual trip to washing…
some highlights from today  - we skipped spring and went straight to summer - ice cream is good when it s hot - i n…
rt  johnscrazysocks  thank you for letting us prove what s possible 
celebrating national manufacturing day  pa-4 is the strongest manufacturing hub in pa  modern day manufacturing is…
rt  kptaky  due to the support of representative andy barr  the medicare therapy cap is history  thank you congressman barr for co-sponsori…
rt  delrivcoalition  ty  repchrissmith for supporting the  drbca  & the future of our del river watershed  wrda  pic …
check out my thoughts on tax day and tax reform  👉
hoy  el régimen de castro ha nombrado otro títere  de la misma forma en que fidel castro nombro  presidente  a osva…
this opening is great news for bibb county  the plant will employ 222 people by the end of 2019   al06 
  bubblesvampire ask buddy
rt  edworkforce  see what chair & former small biz owner  virginiafoxx had to say in her opening statement about joint employer -&gt 
happy birthday to my friend and fellow texas chairman   repkevinbrady 
i introduced legislation this week to provide for funding at last year s spending levels in case of govt funding la…
rt  austinscottga08  glad to see my  fy19ndaa  amendment requiring the  deptofdefense to conduct an assessment of the assistance being provi…
today at 1pm cst my  gopoversight it subcommittee will have our final hearing on artificialintelligence  to explor…
rt  rodneydavis  next year you won t have to worry about filing under a complicated tax code  we made it simpler to save you time and heada…
join me on monday at 7 00 pm mt for a live telephone town hall  i d love to hear from you  sign-up at this link to…
it s time for america and it s allies to stand against the barbarism of isis and put an end to the genocide
congrats to colonel allison miller for being named commanding officer at 179th in richland county  looking forward…
thank you  enjoyed the tour   oh12 
today i toured the new  lindberghflyers central office building where the old johnny s market on sappington road us…
rt  reppoliquin  76 years ago  america was attacked  in that dark hour  men and women across our nation  from all walks of life  stood stro…
i was honored by  iowahomebuilder as a  defender of housing  for my pro-housing record in congress  thank you to th…
the hearing on the conference report to h r  1  the tax cuts and jobs act has reconvened  watch live on  cspan or…
ohio is the best state in the nation for doing business  period 
at  housescience today we discussed ways to prevent spread of zika virus & steps to address issue in the long term
marylanders  avoid the emmorton business park area until law enforcement has confirmed it is safe 
curbing spending is the only way to control our deficits and ballooning debt  without resolute action now  we run…
this is such positive news for our economy  and you don t have to view it through a political lens to recognize it …
it s national retirement planning week  take action to better your future and start planning today …
rt  jsmithacecnc  thank you  repmarkwalker for meeting with  acec_nc delegation on critical infrastructure issues  acec_national  acecannua… 
chairman  usreprodney  it is truly an honor and a privilege to come to this building every day on behalf of the ame…
the great lakes restoration initiative is an important tool  halting funding now would reverse years of progress we…
this is beautiful  god bless them for their service 
rt  foxbusiness    repjimrenacci on trade   what you re seeing with this president is someone who is going to make big  bold decisions but…
last night   housecommerce continued our work to help combat the opioid crisis and advanced a bill i wrote to encou…
watch now  the  waysandmeansgop subcommittee on human resources which i chair is beginning a hearing on tanf reauth…
rt  benkennedytv   humbling truly humbling representing rev  billy graham he cared less that i was his representative and more about my so…
thank you to valley family health center in ontario for taking the time to meet with me yesterday to discuss the im…
house again passes bill to fund the department of defense
thanks to the watertown daily times for covering my legislation to ensure that the united states becomes the global…
rt  missprice220  thank you  repsmucker for taking the time to visit us today  what a great experience working with  googleforedu
starting at 2 30 pm  the legislative branch subcommittee  chaired by  repkevinyoder  holds a hearing on the fy19 bu…
very excited to join my  housegop colleagues and  potus at  whitehouse in celebrating passage of the…
releasing this memo is the first step to rooting out corruption in our bureaucratic agencies once and for all  the…
wow  this is a really impressive video from mary g  montgomery high school 
rt  austin_police  apd is asking the public to remain vigilant and report anything suspicious  if you come across anything that looks suspi…
watch the hearing live here --&gt 
democrats in schumer shutdown mode are punishing the military & have shut down the government in a foolish effort t…
i will continue to study any agreement to ensure that maine jobs  our workers  and our families are not harmed  i w…
rt  speakerryan  breaking news → the biggest tax reform in a generation is now the law of the land  as promised  real tax relief is on the…
rt  ntu  americans are already experiencing bigger paychecks thanks to taxreform but there are other economic benefits that go unnoticed …
rt  alexgangitano    repcharliedent wearing a capitol police team jersey with thank you on the back  chatting with reps fitzpatrick  evans …
rt  youthconx   repryanzinke - thank you for passing comprehensive legislation to address the opioid epidemic  it will save lives 
rt  carrietulbert  congratulations to  concordmiddle debate team  they placed overall 3rd in the region today and will go on to compete at…
kicking off tax day with  squawkcnbc  talking about how this new tax code is already helping hardworking american f…
thank you jesus     shamrockshake
reports of criminal activity  mistreatment of our veterans  & serious abuses of power at the central tx va have com…
it is about time  now  let s get back to the work of the american people 
for many medicaid patients  health coverage ≠ access to care  reforms are needed  the solution is simple  better way
we are glad to have you back  stevescalise   it is an inspiration to see you return to doing the people s work in t…
thank you to the arkansas asphalt paving association for the invitation to speak this morning about our nation s in…
every child is a precious gift from god  the love for life gives our country purpose  linking neighbor to neighbor…
in the days and weeks that followed the april 27th tornado outbreak  the true spirit and resiliency of alabama was…
in last night s  sotu   realdonaldtrump was exactly right  this is our new american moment and lawmakers  republican…
  repdesantis   the rallying cry of  no taxation without representation  resonated deeply with our founding fathers…
my wadsworth office stumbled across a buckeye chuck relative a few weeks ago and seems like that six week window ha…
congrats to  zchsnews senior brieanna ramirez on being named youth of the year by the boys & girls club of…
rt  keithrothfus  thanks to taxreform and regulatory relief  manufacturers  optimism is at historic levels  this is big for western  pa   h…
thank you to  janicedean from  foxnews for highlighting the amazing work that  teamrubicon is doing to rebuild tx27 
hasc readiness subcommittee releases its mark for  fy19ndaa   ndaa  - ensures that america s warfighters & the equipm…
the meeting between moon jae-in and kim jong un is a major victory for  potus  foreign policy agenda  the trump adm…
for hoosier families  the tax cuts & jobs act  ✅doubles the child tax credit from  1 000 to  2 000 per child  ✅pro…
the april jobs report is in  lowest unemployment since 2000  increased wages and 164k jobs created - the u s  econo…
with tax cuts  we are closer than ever to delivering on  realdonaldtrump s key agenda items  and it s great for wor…
started the day with a visit to the grand traverse distillery  it s exciting to see another firsthand example of h…
  randpaul s latest stunt demonstrates yet again that he is a self-centered loser 
tune in to  ktrhnews with shara and  jbonktrh now  ready to talk about tax cuts and smallbiz week
in the face of a lot of misleading rhetoric  i d like to thank these letter writers for letting people know the fac…
what about u s  stockpiles of chemical weapons  in ky alone  523 short tons of nerve agents gb  sarin  and vx  and…
great event last night with lenawee county pheasants forever to support and raise awareness for habitat restoration 
yesterday  i voted yes to house joint resolution 2  a constitutional amendment to require a balanced federal budget…
whether they re in kilts or caps  a big thank you to the united states capitol police  who protect and serve each a…
this year s academy day will provide students an opportunity to learn about each of the service academies and meet…
icymi  i joined wrbl news 3 last week to share how tax reform is helping georgians and discuss how we can make thes…
today  housecommerce approved the fda reauthorization act  why this bill is so important 
check out and vote for your favorite entries in the 2018 8th district congressional art competition   in08 
this administration and congress remain steadfast in our work to hold iran and their business-backed accomplices a…
here is a happy happy good news story   have a lot of babies and raise them right  
rt  virginiafoxx  it s tax day and today americans say goodbye to the old code and look forward to filing next year under the tax cutsand jo…
rt  afpillinois  tune in now to our live town hall with  peterroskam discussing the american pay raise of tax reform  submit your questions…
rt  rosegerbercoa  thank you  repbrianmast for listening to our concerns as advocates for the care   cpanhillday  coa2018
i m proud to present a certificate for honorable mention to joshua bull for his sparkling & bright piece   freedom …
safeguarding trade secrets in the united states live now  tradesecrets
military force cannot be the only means of responding to the atrocities in syria
i ll be joining  cvpayne on  foxbusiness tonight  tune in at 6 20pm as we discuss  potus proposed tariffs against china
rt  housegop   hbd  to america s 3rd president  thomas jefferson 
congrats to  gbphoenixwbb on punching your ticket to the big dance  excited to see you guys play in the  ncaa tourn…
this week an anonymous critical skills operator from 3rd marine raider battalion was awarded the silver star for hi…
rt  wfmy   repmarkwalker being prepped for appearance on  wfmy tonight with  julie_luck and  chadsilber
we had a great conversation with psl mayor greg oravec and councilwoman  joliencaraballo about some of the projects…
house passes posey s bipartisan legislation to provide justice for american victims of terrorism tcot
rt  jecrepublicans  chairman  reperikpaulsen on the march 2018 jobs report   common-sense pro-growth policies like the tax cuts and jobs…
great to meet the kreitz family of montgomery today   al03 
icymi  last night i was joined by colleagues from georgia and alabama to talk about the great things happening in o…
joined by my friend & colleague  repdebdingell today in  mi06  -- meeting with  portagenorthern students  teachers …
met w/ representatives from the national endowment for humanities and ohio humanities council this am in gallipolis 
thanks  mnbiofuels for the update on the progress made in minnesota s biofuels industry  renewable fuels are incred…
enjoyed a great conversation this week with county commissioners from northern michigan and the upper peninsula  th…
congratulations to the students who participated in student scholars day at  gvsu  great opportunity to view presen…
today  housecommerce looked at the security of driverless cars  watch my questions 
renee and i are thankful to hear  flotus melania trump is doing well  we are praying for a full and speedy recovery 
it was great to meet with directors from the washington youth soccer foundation  getting kids involved in sports an…
thank you to all of the brave men and women selflessly serving in our nation s military  may god bless our…
america is back to work  according to the  usdol  the initial claims for state unemployment benefits fell to 209k …
rt  repmarkmeadows  as  jim_jordan and i have said for 7 months  it is time for a second special counsel to investigate the deeply troublin…
ran into this  georgetown student who was born in nicaragua and urges our country to continue denouncing the…
faith-based organizations do important work in their communities and deserve a stronger voice in solving the challe…
 icymi   last night i joined  foxbusiness to talk about the austin bombings  i m extremely proud of the hard work th…
i will miss my friend  former u s  congressman jim martin  ann and i are keeping his family in our prayers 
tune in at 7pm et tonight on  foxbusiness s  loudobbs tonight show to hear me talk with  davidasmanfox about the on…
rt  texasgopvote  poe calls for national guard deployment to u s /mexico border | texasgopvote via  judgetedpoe
praying for the family and colleagues of sheriff s deputy heath gumm today 
always great dropping by moundsville pharmacy 
discussed issues and priorities facing wayne national forest earlier this week - thank you for stopping by …
april 17  911- the first board of her keel hit the dockyard with a thud  it was the birth of the u s s  texas  one…
thank you  potus  sanctions from the white house and congress  as well as our global maximum pressure campaign are…
rt  houseappropsgop  the house just passed the make america secure appropriations act on a vote of 235-192 
 lwherron  reprohrabacher i don t remember groups occupying cong  offices to intimidate dems to abandon obama  if they did  twas thuggery
senator john mccain just showed up on the senate floor and voted yes to proceed with the healthcare bill discussion  god bless him 
tonight  we are all on team scalise  praying for  stevescalise  his family  and his staff 
to the men and women who have served in uniform  we are forever grateful for your service & sacrifice on our nation…
we are finally on a trajectory to fix the only place in the country where the interstate goes to one lane 
best wishes & good luck to  speakerryan  grateful for his many yrs of service to our exceptional nation  i know tha…
so proud to have ambassador huntsman confirmed today  a very difficult post  the country needs him 
welcome back  steve  geaux get  em 
rt  mrnashington  james damore was fired from google for his manifesto  but scientists claim it is scientifically accurate   
proud to vote for a pay raise for our military service members today  and permanently preserve giving an allowance…
rt  governorkayivey  this morning  i had a phone call with  betsydevosed  and i m proud to announce that alabama s every student succeeds a…
congratulations to the eight finalists for the wells fargo north carolina principal of the year award  what an hono…
championed by both republicans and democrats on the ways and means committee  we are moving forward a package of ni…
chairman  repmarkwalker  house conservatives are united behind goodlatte/mccaul as the solution to the daca and bor…
rt  natresources  🚨breaking  183 days after hurricane maria hit   prepa  has prioritized exotic dance clubs over hospitals & airports in pu…
rt  houseappropsgop  breaking  the house just passed a bill providing emergency funding for hurricane and wildfire recovery on a vote of 25…
right now  talking to  larryoconnor on  wmalnews for the full hour about my mueller report  listen in live here 
my statement on the president s fy 2018 budget proposal
praying for a complete and quick recovery for  flotus melania trump 
today  i visited north american lighting s  nal  elberfield  in location where they employ skilled specialists  nal…
i ll be holding a  conference call with your congressman  this sunday at 6 p m 
rt  housegop    reptomprice explains how our plan promotes patient-centered health care better way
at 1 30 pm   secretarysonny testifies before  robert_aderholt & the agriculture subcommittee on the fy19 budget fo…
rt  steeleandungar  the guest list tonight on  steeleandungar is 💪   davidcorndc   pbump and  repscottperry will be on with  michaelsteele…
cbo score  daca amnesty will cost  26 billion plus  wall cost is  25 billion  amnesty also sacrifices the rule of l…
borinqueneers gold medal bill was signed by the speaker
now  i m on  wccoradio talking about my  stress  act  tune in 
icymi  recap of yesterday s sub oversight hearing where we had the opportunity to question drug distributors ⬇️
this week  as we celebrate teacher appreciation week  please join me in recognizing our magnificent teachers in…
happy ohio 4-h week  a great program that helps young people develop skills that will help them in the future  in…
congratulations to astronaut peggy whitson for completing a record-breaking mission 
the 26th district is fortunate to be home to many talented art students  this week  we held our 2018 congressional…
thank you to the  mcleancochamber for the invite to participate in their inaugural bn the know luncheon with my fri…
rt  waysandmeansgop  breaking  w&m released a discussion draft of legislation to reauthorize the temporary assistance for needy families  t…
rt  foxbusiness    reppittenger on trade with china   i would say to my friends throughout the united states  trust the president  trust hi…
the hearing schedule for the transportation committee has changed  the full committee mark-up originally scheduled…
rt  acufoundation  with a 2017 a c u frating of 81%  repjimrenacci has earned our conservative achievement award for his dedication to conser…
i will cherish this day for many years to come  thank you minister tatum for praying over the house chamber today …
thank you senator hatch for your many years of sacrifice and service  thanks to your family as well  utah and the nation will miss you 
introduced legislation with  repkristinoem today to strengthen workplace protections for pregnant women …
it only makes sense to relocate gen  raymond s within 30 minutes of his work location instead of in california  2/3
tonight  my  aicaucus co-chair  repjohndelaney and i joined  politico to discuss our bill  the future of ai act and…
a fun watch  highlights from the congressional hockey challenge  where lawmakers compete on the ice to raise funds…
these are strong actions targeting the upper reaches of the russian kleptocracy  including vladimir putin s own son…
 cj_wentz thank you for that reminder carson 
today we are debating passage of the first part of  potus s infrastructure plan
rt  hascrepublicans  the fundamental issue is that it is morally wrong to send the men and women who wear the uniform out on missions witho…
regs costing  1 bil must have proper vetting  today  house votes to reform reg process  r e v i e wact  housejudiciary
and the winner is    🥁 congratulations to jayden harper  a student at  westoverhs in fayetteville  for winning thi…
we have critical infrastructure needs in our state and around the country  i am glad the president highlighted this…
members of the  houseappropsgop interior subcommittee question  epascottpruitt at today s budget hearing 
hable con  erikacarrillotv  univision23 sobre los fondos federales que recibirá  miamidadecounty para comprar nuevo…
to all south jersey  eagles fans joining the celebrations today in philadelphia  have a great time & i encourage yo…
at  waysandmeansgop hearing  i questioned  hhsgov sec  azar on opioid epidemic & pushed for enhanced collaboration…
house republicans have a plan to put medicaid on track  i ll be discussing at 11am  rollcall s health care decoded 
i am thankful to walk away from today s train collision just fine- sending prayers to those injured and the family of the life lost 
i recently introduced a bill to help treat people on medicare battling opioid addiction  medicare beneficiaries hav…
tune in now 
rt  repbeatty  one homeless american is one too many  that s why i am teaming up with  repmaxinewaters   repedroyce  &  repstevestivers to…
appreciated the opportunity to join today s  housegop influencer summit and discuss our work on the…
rt  soar_eky  help us spread the word about this job fair for perry county coal on february 13 in hazard  faithandgrit
rt  jasonyaworske  wsj   republicans in congress seem prepared to rest on their tax cut success from last year and coast for the rest of th…
 e pluribus unum  -  out of many  one 
i will be presiding over the house floor this afternoon from 1-2pm  you can watch our floor proceedings live here 
the tax cuts & jobs act passed the house today which is another huge step in delivering real and meaningful tax rel…
attn  this saturday is national prescription drug take back day  to prevent prescription drugs from falling into th…
rt  waysandmeansgop  at 10am w&m will host a hearing on the effects of recent tariff increases on the u s  economy and jobs  watch live 📺…
 davebrennanerie thanks again  it s a win for everyone 
thanks to idaho s  usgeothermal1 for supporting my efforts to unleash the potential of clean  reliable energy 
 my home is in heaven  i am just traveling through this world   on feb  21  2018  reverend billy graham was welcome…
gene cernan  navy pilot  astronaut  engineer  last man on the moon and advocate of our return  a gentleman and hero  he will be missed 
eastern north carolina shrimp is the best there is  sadly our friends & neighbors who work hard to bring us that sh…
wishing  flotus a complete and restful recovery 
middle income families will benefit from lower rates and doubling the child tax credit - to name just a few policies 
highly impressed with the star4d program in collaboration with  northerniowa to offer nationally renowned training…
happy national ag day  michigan s agriculture industry is one of the most diverse in the country & is the second lar…
the medical device industry is an important source of economy activity and good-paying jobs in the state of indiana…
visited universal arts compounding pharmacy  a fl25 smallbiz located in hialeah  chief pharmacist and ceo ray mor…
this year marks the 24th anniversary of slovakia s state partnership program with the  innationalguard  great to me…
great meeting with  betsydevosed today  we are laser-focused on equipping america s students with the skills they n…
it was an honor to speak at the opening ceremony for the 2018  specialolympics orange county regional spring games …
icymi  check out my floor speech on tax relief for all kansans 
today at 10 a m  ⤵️
rt  fightextremism  congressman  keithrothfus issued a statement after the release of the report by  asymmetrica_ and  fightextremism entit…
the enemy among us
incredible performance by  maddie_rooney35 in  teamusa s win last night to take home the  gold   29 saves  including…
this morning i voted to strengthen our military  provide disaster relief for texas families  improve medicare for t…
rt  nrha_advocacy  who are we sending love to this valentine s day  our 2018 congressional rural health champions  thank you for all that y…
rt  shannonbream  pres  realdonaldtrump takes an historic step regarding noko  what will in mean in reality   govmikehuckabee  repmarkwalke…
thanks to our emergency preparedness summit partners  leisd   littleelmtx  and denton county emergency services  ou…
my statement on today s  oronoschools lockdown and what i plan to do moving forward regarding the threat of firearm…
rt  andypuzder  an important issue and a coming student loan crisis  the business community needs to get behind  virginiafoxx  s prosper…
rt  carter_pe  looking forward to joining  aei s 5/15 discussion in dc of veterans economic opportunity with  repbradwenstrup  thesubtleno…
congrats to detroit catholic central hs s quiz bowl team for winning 1st place at this year s  pacensc 
it s national parks week   il16   and illinois is home to five parks  two nat l heritage areas  & many…
december 7  1941 reminds us freedom is not free  but paid for by the brave men and women in uniform  may we never f…
grateful to alicia stillman and patti wukovits  who both lost daughters to meningitis b  for coming to washington t…
rt  tommyfaucheux   repgarretgraves at  gbria talking about the importance of economic growth & infrastructure improvements to move louisia…
today congress and  potus honor the life of reverend billy graham in the u s  capitol rotunda   america s pastor  c…
really appreciate your time stopping by the office today  i enjoyed our visit 
  nsf and  usairforce announced a research partnership today  look forward to the results of their joint efforts to…
on the floor now   repgoodlatte  sadly  bop lieutenant osvaldo albarati was ambushed and murdered while on his way…
attn fort stockton  need help with a federal agency  like social security or the va  a member of my staff will be i…
tax day is almost over  and so is our broken tax code  you ll be able to keep more of the money you earn and spend…
it is with a heavy heart that we say goodbye to former first lady barbara bush  a woman who exemplified both love o…
as ronald reagan once said   all great change in america begins at the dinner table   fill out my 2018 issues surve…
rt  lizdoranld  central ny schools can apply for federal grants for more officers  mental health services
tune in here 
it s a cold morning for a jog  but a great day to be a tiger  geaux tigers
enjoyed meeting with pastors raymond dix  robert bell and fred morris  important leaders in fort wayne  yesterday t…
grateful to the national council of state housing agencies for the 2018 champion of affordable housing award and fo…
it is not just about the direct importer or exporter  it is about the ripple effect on our economy 
chairman  usreprodney  this is a particularly crucial time for both our armed forces and the  deptvetaffairs  we ar…
great read   when profits go up  capital investment goes up  and wages follow   workers are seeing higher wages tha…
rt  housegop  4 times we have voted to fund the children s health insurance program  4 times we have voted to get 9 million children the h…
tomorrow is national prescription drug take-back day – providing an opportunity to safely dispose of unwanted or un…
rt  repgoodlatte   housejudiciary thanks to  repjerrynadler  repdougcollins  repjeffries  darrellissa  rephankjohnson  lamarsmithtx21  rept…
rt  repbyrne  i m at an armed services committee hearing   hascrepublicans  where secretary of defense mattis and chairman of the joint chi…
rt  uifedrelations  thank you  rodneydavis for meeting with  acesillinois professors peter goldsmith and jon scholl about the soybean innov…
rt  waysandmeansgop  america s tax code -– 1985  📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄 2017  📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄📄 ht…
rt  stevescalise  the bad news → today is tax day 👎 the good news → this is the last time americans have to file their taxes under the old…
congratulations to the  hseschools hockey club  a team  for recently winning the 3a state championship   in05  &gt &gt 
rt  repjohnfaso  glad to see numerous new york priorities that will help seniors  dairy farmers  and veterans included in the farm bill  a…
 scottnelsondsm  iastate_pres  iowastateu scott  thanks for writing  i am opposed to the tariffs and led the iowa d…
starting soon   repmccaul will deliver his final state of national security address  watch live here …
rt  johnboozman  inspections by  usdafoodsafety has kept hundreds of tons of tainted catfish out the u s  food supply since  16   sentomcot…
remember   coffee with your congressman  comes to union county today at 10 a m  i hope to see you at the el dorado-…
this audit by dod is a critical step in changing the federal government s culture of spending and ensuring the pent…
congratulations to redding s own preston sharp  who will be joining first lady melania trump as a special guest for…
important insurance resources
congratulations to my interns and fellows finishing their internships in dc  i appreciate all of your hard work 
rt  hascrepublicans  update 2 - for the remainder of this week -
yesterday potus submitted the largest rescission package in u s  history to cut  15 billion that is unnecessary  ex…
rt  newsintheburg  navy s decision to move workers from dahlgren perplexes local officials
i love visiting the utah state legislature  thanks for having me 
also submissions from  myzvilleschools  two students focused their art on people  but look at how differently each…
i m with  secretarysonny and  chelliepingree for a round table on food waste  as co-founders of the food waste cauc…
it s now been 40 hours since the beginning of the schumer shutdown  the house has done its job  now it s time for…
rt  americanewsroom  listen   repmccaul spoke with  billhemmer about the city of san diego joining the trump administration s lawsuit again…
chairman  repkevinbrady statement on trump admin announcement on steel and aluminum tariffs  ⬇️…
stopped by a briefing in the capitol to discuss solutions to curb our nation s opioid crisis  substance abuse is a…
this morning the westside business association held their monthly breakfast  today  frost bank presented the differ…
chip and i always enjoy joining our friends at loudoun county  fellowship of christian athletes and to hear from th…
an incredibly moving ceremony this morning in missoula to honor local vietnam-era veterans
tax reform bill hasn t even been released  yet   senatedems are holding a hearing to compare it to kansas…  ¯\_ ツ…
from  towntalkdotcom about new snap work requirements   it shouldn t become a long-term solution  that may not feel…
my statement on  potus  decision to withdraw from the iran deal 
  housecommerce recently explored the industrial internet of things  iiot  &its implications for us-based manufactu…
as a former high school teacher  i m excited to join  rodneydavis and  repkinzinger in this announcement  by offeri…
it s an easy equation  a simpler tax code plus fewer regulations equals more jobs for hardworking texans
join my district staff today for open office hours at our marion co office  looking forward to seeing you 
today  millions of americans will file their taxes under an antiquated system for the last time  the tax cuts & job…
rt  waysandmeansgop  across the country  families are feeling the benefits of tax reform  how is the tax cutsand jobs act helping your family…
the firefighters and people of hamilton need our prayers today  roaring lion fire
helps employers properly ensure legal status of potential employees  there is a new websit…
if you disagree with the outcome of your fema application  you can appeal 
new allegations that facebook has been collecting text and call data are troubling  people deserve more transparen…
tax reform boosts small businesses
the chesapeake bay program is working  glad we secured full funding for the bay in the omnibus   va01 
thanks for meeting with us at the office 
china has unfairly targeted farmers with tariffs  i agree w/ president trump that china must be held accountable fo…
rt  congressionalac  congrats again to the  congressionalac winner from colorado 🎉📱these young tech innovators are changing our 🌎 one app a…
today  i urge everyone to pause for a moment and say a prayer for our beautiful country  the brave men and women se…
did you know 
rt  foxnews    darrellissa on the fisa memo   i think there s no choice but for the committee to release this document  
did you know that small businesses employ more than 47% of the private sector employees in the us  this week is sma…
american artists have contributed a great deal to the music industry  but are often bogged down by out-of-date laws…
icymi  i recently hosted my 14th telephone town hall since coming to washington  we had insightful conversation sur…
i just released my second school safety report that implores hoosiers to become leaders within their school communi…
rt  ijindexjournal  irreplaceable  cpl  hallman remembered as outstanding deputy  close friend
 anthonyadkison notmyking
yuma is the salad bowl of america & provides most of the lettuce during the winter months  although there is a re…
rt  wtov9  franciscan university officials baffled after facebook rejects ad depicting the san damiano crucifix on good friday live on news9…
rt  sbcountyfire  san bernardino  s b co f d units on scene of fire in waterman canyon  hwy 18 closed both directions from waterman and hwy 13…
rt  morning_joe  joining us now   repscottperry
rt  rareliberty    justinamash  if republicans are so upset about fisa abuse in nunes memo  why did they reject  fisa702  reform last month …
honored to be recognized by  congressfdn  my staff and i strive to make sure you get answers to your questions  hav…
recently wrote  potus asking him to put america first & protect our jobs from predatory behavior by our trading par…
icymi  will the house s  must haves  make it into financial reform  - oped via  forbes  link 
thank you to members of liuna  laborers  international union of north america  for meeting with me in dc this week …
chairman  petesessions welcomes  kycomer to testify on h r  4182  the ensuring a qualified civil service act of 201…
it starts today  world series champion  astros open 2018 season against rangers  earn history again  never settle 
more good news on tax reform right here in kansas
congratulations to 2018 congressional art competition fourth place winner and  pd_schools student  audrey juelfs 
from my family to yours  happy easter  i hope everyone has a wonderful day with friends and family 
last week the house voted to help vulnerable patients with passage of rightto try & to support our troops by helpin…
rt  deltacompanies  us congressman bruce westerman shares insight on transportation funding from washington dc with participants at the ark…
had a great meeting today with board members from  oaklandschools to discuss the future of effective education refo…
more and more companies are increasing bonuses because of tax reform  with recent announcements  these bonuses have…
video  house gop has patientcentered solutions to get rid of obamacare & protect h care principles --&gt  better way
behind the scenes talking with media and  potus sot u guests from o h10 s staub manufacturing solutions  which has b…
rt  hascrepublicans  chairmen  mactxpress &  senjohnmccain - budget agreement is indispensable for our national security - set our troops fre…
tune in to  newsradio570 at 3 pm when i ll be joining  petekaliner to talk about the life and legacy of rev  billy…
what a wonderful night of support for the  supportbgpc bowling green pregnancy center s annual dinner right to life 
marie justice  united mine workers   ngs is fueled with some of the highest quality low-sulfur coal around   1 bill…
on this christmas  i wish you and your family a happy  safe  and joyful holiday season 
we owe it to our service members  and their families  to better help them transition back to the civilian job marke…
tonight at 5 30 pm i will be hosting a telephone town hall to speak directly with constituents about the important…
rt  houseappropsgop  tuning into one of today s 10 subcommittee hearings  you can watch all proceedings live  find our full schedule here …
yesterday  i joined my colleagues in the florida delegation to honor sergeant noel ramirez and deputy taylor lindse…
big thanks to all who came out to mobile office hours today at dana point harbor  couldn t make it today and need h…
rt  repandybarr  who wouldn t want a simpler and fairer way to file taxes  the tax cuts and jobs act will allow most families to file on this…
i am thrilled my foster care housing bill is getting momentum and moving through the legislative process in the hou…
rt  ibahome  it s great to have major policy makers listen to our local housing challenges  thanks  reptrey for meeting with johnson county…
i ll be joining  varneyco on  foxbusiness at 9 15am  est /6 15am  pst  to discuss the latest on qualcomm  tune in  fox news
rt  repralphnorman  still no action  it has been 77 days since house sent all 12 appropriations bills to fund the federal government to th…
rt  senatorrezin  thanks to everyone on the flood alliance and  repkinzinger for their efforts in helping the flood alliance secure these f…
the government intrusion this memo describes must see the light of day  the info in the memo is of profound concern…
i m glad that chairmen  tgowdysc &  repgoodlatte have echoed my concerns of misconduct by leaders at  doj &  fbi  l…
rt  alsaiowa  great way to end our visits in dc   repdavidyoung has been a huge supporter of ours for several years and we can t thank him…
this morning i joined my teammates for the first gop baseball practice of the 2018 season  i am thankful for chance…
this year s  faa  passed today  which included my amendment to require the faa to report on the ongoing little rock…
in february  abc 7 featured  flagsofvalor and highlighted a provision in the tax cuts and jobs act that modifies th…
getting ready to watch a great game between ku & ksu  no matter the outcome at least the losing team can rest happy…
greeted by two trumpeter swans in our pond this morning  karen says it s a sign of good things to come 
 kipbateman thank you senator for this important public service announcement  as a regular donor for much of my adu…
former fbi director mueller is a man of the utmost integrity 
  repstevechabot and  repbradwenstrup  you can rest assured that this fine alabama-built ship will represent the ci…
rt  housecommerce  live now  sub health convenes markup on h r  5554 and legislation aimed at combating the opioid crisis &gt &gt 
i m proud that my first action on the house armed services committee was reaffirming the national security importan…
rt  housecommerce   greggharper to learn more about e&c s legislative and investigative efforts to combat the opioid crisis  visit our webs…
once again  democrats are threatening to hold government funding & pay for our troops hostage over an unrelated iss…
chairman  drphilroe statement on  deptvetaffairs opioid announcement 
in the news  u s  reps  denny heck  wa-10   leonard lance  nj-07   and karen bass  ca-37  introduced a bill requir…
i warned china would retaliate and target our agriculture sector and that is what has happened  pork prices are dow…
just got off the phone with brandon slayton of cumberland county high school to personally congratulate him for win…
productive discussion with the emir of qatar today  i look forward to continuing to make progress together on a ra…
truly enjoyed touring norris cylinder facility in longview  texas yesterday  keep up the great work  thank you for…
this is one of the most important stories i ve read this week  reinforces the need for tougher immigration laws  an…
rt  vp  on monday  america will lead the world again when we open our new embassy in jerusalem  the capital of israel 
rt  austin_police  apd is asking the public to remain vigilant and report anything suspicious  if you come across anything that looks suspi…
rt  realdonaldtrump  today the house took major steps toward securing our schools by passing the stop school violence act  we must put the…
congrats to  af_academy students & amodei appointees on receiving their class rings 
rt  whitehouse  the unemployment rate is down to 3 9% in april  that is the lowest rate since december 2000 
i voiced support for restricting funding for cuba in sfops appropriations bill on wednesday  watch the video 
 by passing this omnibus appropriations bill  we are finally fulfilling our duty for fiscal year 2018 and providing…
live  press conference with  repcurbelo  roslehtinen  repjeffdenham  hurdonthehill  repdavidvaladao and others on t…
did you know that as a result of tax reform  firsttennessee gave one-time bonuses to their employees who don t part…
congrats to  stevedaines for his appointment to chair the senate committee on energy and natural resources subcommi…
congressman griffith s weekly e-newsletter 5 22 17  gangs  cap and trade  and israeli-palestinian peace
i proudly voted tonight for the stop settlement slush funds act  doj settlement dollars should go to the victims or taxpayers   hr732 
the us embassy should be in jerusalem  it is only right to acknowledge the capitol of israel  many have promised to…
i enjoyed meeting with the midwest city chamber to give a legislative update on what s going on in congress  thank…
people don t realize  when you stand up to dictators with strength  tariffs come down which is good for everyone  p…
dianne and i spent good friday with pastors anthony and gentry mangun and  coach_edorgeron at the poa production of…
rt  speakerryan  the good economic news keeps coming in  1️⃣9️⃣ 8️⃣% increase in hiring last month 6️⃣ 5️⃣5️⃣ million open jobs 3️⃣  4️⃣%…
both sides agree that the congressional budget process is broken  learn more about the current process and the eff…
pretty special being back at  iupedu receiving the distinguished alumni award 👨‍🎓
rt  readyharris  severewx possible  look for the strongest storms to develop between 3pm and 9pm  especially in areas where thunderstorms…
on march 1  i m hosting an immigration town hall meeting at the joppa-magnolia vfc  all  md01  residents are welcome…
 otd  in 1836  the goliad campaign ended when santa anna s army executed 342 texan revolutionary army prisoners  tod…
nam manufacturers  outlook survey says projected wage growth is at a 17-year high & manufacturers  projected growth…
rt  cspan    secarmy   secnav76 &  secafofficial testify on budget before  hasc  – live online here 
on this day in 1905  the first aerial ferry bridge went into operation in duluth  mn  it s one of only two in the u …
citibank cannot use federal funding if they are willing to flagrantly enforce new anti-second amendment policies  m…
this tax day  we are finally saying farewell to the old and broken tax code  thanks to the new tax cuts  hardworkin…
rt  mattglassman312  well  look at that  they finally did it  crs reports are going public  from the text/jes of the omnibus 
i m not on the train headed to the gop conference today  as i m in greenville  my thoughts and prayers are with my…
rt  stevedaines  today in 1916  jeannette rankin of montana became the first woman elected to congress  winning a seat in the u s  house of…
rt  repjimrenacci  talking to  jasensokol on  1590wakr now about how i am pushing to modernize the irs  here is a  crainscleveland op-ed on…
enjoyed my time talking with the newberry rotary today about the success of taxreform  the negative impacts of the…
  usda grants of  1 million will expand telemedicine access to 15 rural parishes across louisiana  these projects a…
my top priority for the new farm bill is that it is in the best interest of the farmers i represent and that our al…
joined with fellow valley congressman   repjimcosta  to remember the victims of the armenian genocide  as a nation …
its natl family caregivers month & medicare just adopted version of the care planning benefit in my hope 4 alz act 
heard today from  secshulkin on the naming of the new va hospital in aurora 
the safety of americans is absolutely paramount  and as a strong supporter of tougher immigration laws  i applaud…
the final version of the tax cuts & jobs act ensures that the vast majority of california families will see their t…
thank you to everyone at rcbs in oroville for the wonderful tour of your facilities yesterday 
hope you had a wonderful birthday  senator 
 realtadghostal  speakerryan  justinamash we have consistently been voting the same on these procedural votes 
this week we proudly honor our law enforcement officers who work tirelessly to keep northeast indiana safe  thank y…
rt  nulpolicy  majority whip  stevescalise  the digital divide is an area where we can still make improvements  we must make sure that our…
rt  secretarysonny  wide-ranging discussion at  azagriculture with state officials and ag leaders  talked about many issues  including fore…
this friday  march 16 at 9 00 a m   the crime subcommittee will hold an oversight hearing on the federal bureau of…
best of luck to  villanovau  novambb as they take on kansas tonight in the final four  lets march nova march madness
look forward to hosting ten town hall meetings august 18th – 28th  full schedule here →
president trump will make his first state of the union address to congress tonight  will you be tuning in  what do…
  potus decision today makes clear that we will not stand with a regime that spreads terror around the world and we…
if you haven t already  be sure to like and share your favorite artwork now on facebook 
great to have the national champion florida gator baseball team in washington today  congratulations on a great sea…
rt  wish_tv  fallen boone county deputy jacob pickett to have named added to boone county memorial  watch the honoring here at 10 a m 
 mrmagee so how many prez obama s eo did i condemn as he sought to flood our country with muslims & illegals
congratulations to these dedicated young men and their coaches 
i m about to go live on  wbap247news to talk about last night s attack on our police officers  listen live here 
rt  housebudgetgop   breaking   the tax cuts and jobs act has now cleared both chambers of congress  next stop for historic taxreform  the…
rt  ginnyhill  leadership lessons from  repguthrie  never hold someone back because it benefits you   developothers ecq leadership via  …
rep  marino   repgoodlatte praise house action on cutting job crushing regulations  housejudiciary
  dailycaller  pruitt s pending science transparency policy mirrors smith s honest act  which passed the house in m…
i look forward to working with the committee to fight for the doctor-patient relationship in health care  improve o…
had the honor of meeting with richard gere and the mongolian delegation today to discuss deepening the ties between…
always an honor to catch up with my friend  and fellow veteran  commissioner leo connelly from mahoning county…
good news for florida s farmers and ranchers  our recently-passed omnibus will provide  4 billion to research and p…
we ve got a national consensus that nobody likes our tax code  tomorrow s  waysandmeansgop hearing will be an impor…
it was great meeting legionnaires from  co  and across the  usa  before the  legislative presentation of the…
 flamediaqueen we are working on it right now 
rt  stevescalise  hard to believe it s been almost a year since the attack on the congressional baseball game practice  as we honor police…
at 8 am we will be starting the hearing on the disaster supplemental and the cr  watch live on  cspan 
today  potus signed  ndaa  into law  which sends a powerful bipartisan message to our servicemembers that national d…
rt  mark_shriver  many thanks to  congmikesimpson for cosponsoring the reach act  your leadership will make a difference for moms and kids…
congratulations to carol stream  illinois on being named one of america s 100 safest cities  thank you carol stream…
we ve had a few victories for cotton this year  but  rest assured  that won t stop our pursuit in better supporting…
rt  usarmy  today is national day of prayer  honor the day by praying or allowing a moment of silence to reflect on u s army soldiers we ve lo…
to meet skyrocketing demand for organic products  our nation s farmers need a better toolkit - read  chelliepingree…
great discussion of issues from school security to the deficit  appreciate opportunity to speak…
our economy continues to grow  adding 313 000 jobs in the month of february  according to experts  this growth is…
rt  michpeninsula  tax cuts and jobs act leads to private investment targets across michigan
rt  restaurantsact  yesterday  the missouri kitchen cabinet met with  usreplong at fellers food service in springfield  mo  to discuss heal…
rt  usmayors  this afternoon  uscm leadership met with  transport chair  repbillshuster to discuss next steps on infrastructure 
had a great time with  aurorahuskies students last night touring the  uscapitol  it s always a pleasure to share ou…
rt  calebjsmith   repdonyoung cheers to a lasting friendship between  speakerboehner and  repdonyoung   i also have video of the lovely cer…
tuition waivers for graduate students will remain untaxed  we have preserved the medical expense deduction and even…
toured vantage career center in van wert today where i learned about their one-of-a-kind cdl program for hs student…
rt  actbrigitte  i lived in an 8x10 bomb shelter for almost a decade because of islamic terrorism  yet  cory booker and the fake news medi…
along w/ the potential for oil drilling off our coastline & ocean acidification  the warming of the gulf of maine i…
today the house overwhelmingly approved the first long-term faa reauthorization bill since 2012 
this bill will lower taxes across every income tax bracket  nearly double the standard deduction and give people ba…
rt  financialcmte  passed  the house of representatives just passed a financial services bill that helps community banks stay in business …
rt  housescience  release   housescience chairman  lamarsmithtx21 s statement on  repjbridenstine s confirmation as  nasa administrator  ht…
continuing our efforts to enact concrete solutions to combat the opioid crisis throughout the country …
rt  stjohnsupe  due to continued issues w/freezing temperatures  schools will be closed on thursday  january 18th  maintenance and head cus…
rt  scactionnetwork  we are grateful for your support   davereichert  your leadership is critical in our fight to save moms and kids around t…
tax reform is bringing jobs and investments back to america 
rt  mprnews  president donald trump has extended immigration protections for liberians living in the united states  but only for a year htt…
rt  houseappropsgop  today s markup is in the house armed services hearing room due to water damage to the committee s main hearing room  t…
it s been one week since the president announced his  daca  deadline  the clock is ticking  congress must pass the r a cact 
 the savings produced from the lower tax rates eliminates the need to raise rates for the next 2 years  credits  16…
time to close down the out of legal bounds mueller investigation  mueller and his partisan pit bulls are the  poiso…
hurray  hero ollie north has taken lead in defending our 2nd amendment rights  ollie & i ve worked together since o…
great to be at bn by the numbers today hosted by  bnedc to talk about our growing economy and the positive effect i…
here is a wrap up of today s event with  urbandalechmbr  ia03 
rt  reptomgraves  most of omni was previously voted on  maspa passed house in sept  meaning members got 6 months to read  and most additio…
chairman  petesessions is managing the rule for the bipartisan budget act of 2018  watch the  housefloor live on  cspan 
  jeanniecastells  thank you for your steadfast and tireless advocacy  — l l 
today was one of the most profound and moving experiences during my time as a legislator  i pray that this day will…
we thank  secelainechao for working with us and recognizing the need for this very competitive grant for loudoun co…
today  congress and the nation pays tribute to the legacy of reverend billy graham as he will lie in honor in the u…
rt  gopleader  paychecks are going up  taxes are going down  and america is once again open for business 
happy thanksgiving   oh12 
yesterday  i voted to keep the government funded and to ensure our nation s children have the healthcare they deser…
rt  secretaryperry  the men and women of the cajun navy heard the calls for help as hurricane harvey wreaked havoc on texas  and they answe…
women-owned businesses are changing the business landscape across america  celebrate small business week by joining…
breaking&gt &gt  a  usgao study i requested found that over the course of 3 yrs  abortion advocates received  1 6 billion…
one of my favorite groups of visitors here in washington are  fl26  students touring the  uscapitol with  closeup_dc…
tune in  lynchburg resident  kristen holman  will testify as well as  deahq s robert patterson about the…
rt  psaonline  today   usip held a fantastic event on advancing human rights in congress with  rephultgren and  repmcgovern  the panel disc…
in case you missed it  i asked my friend and the new  federalreserve chairman  jay powell  questions today at the…
rt  thehill  obama motorcade drives by scandal-plagued va hospital in phoenix 
a big win today for the indiana medical device industry including companies in spencer  in that supply hundreds of…
another mn company raising wages thanks to tax reform   hormelfoods will also continue to raise its wages in the co…
 there are three pillars in american society that contribute to monitoring of space weather  government agencies  u…
the iran deal did not allow for the inspection of iranian sites suspected of developing nuclear weapons  withdrawin…
  realdonaldtrump is calling on congress to produce a new infrastructure bill  i d like to see an i-14 expansion in…
1  modernize social security to reflect today s workers & their families  2  reward hard work   
rt  vgmgovrelations  providers in oklahoma met with rep   tomcoleok04 at norman regional home medical equipment this morning to discuss how…
the threats against jewish community centers are unfathomable & must be confronted  i m asking dhs to take action 
today  on religious freedom day  we celebrate fundamental human right of religious liberty that is guaranteed under…
welcome back   stevescalise 
south dakotans have to use a lot of energy - especially this time of year because it s so cold  great news though &gt …
rt  thehill   breaking   trump signs memo ordering end to  catch and release  immigration practices
the tax cuts and jobs act will deliver relief to middle-income families in every congressional district who take th…
  hlpnghands thanks for the question  you can learn more about tax reform at
last week  the committee began consideration of the fy19 appropriations bills  marking up the military construction…
rt  cnnsitroom  rep  mccaul  the bombs that have gone off in austin  texas are  fairly sophisticated 
rt  lakelandfd  911 is for emergencies only  help spread the word because after 50 mph  lfd  can no longer assist you  calls will be triage…
rain or shine  i was honored to take part in the midnight sun charity shoot in wasilla this past weekend 
great news from  usdol on their reports today that the economy added 200 000 jobs in january and unemployment rate is at 4 1 percent 
happy easter  🐰🐣🐇
meeting with the kentucky narcotic officers  association  these men and women are on the front lines of our efforts…
rt  wongsportslaw  u s  congressman mark walker wrote an op-ed yesterday calling for the ncaa to allow college athletes to profit from the…
climate activists are lousy salesmen →
god bless  usarmy veteran alonzo perry and  usmc veteran nimrod woods of caswell county for their sacrifice and ser…
starting soon   financialcmte hearing with  ustreasury secretary  stevenmnuchin1  watch live …
i was on flash point on  kfor over the weekend discussing recent news including why i voted against the  1 3 trilli…
it was great to have our fellow texan  repkevinbrady join the denton county chambers of commerce leaders to discuss…
dinner menus could do without big-government  mn02 
rt  drphilroe  great news  my bill  the va mission act  passed out of committee today & is a transformational  once-in-a-lifetime opportuni…
despite misinformation being spread about the tax cuts and jobs act- the many benefits to iowans cannot be denied …
a tax reform framework for all americans
rt  housegop    lowes is providing… ✅  1 000 bonuses ✅ expanded benefits ✅ maternity and paternity leave ✅  5 000 of adoption assistance …
gohmert   last night senate tried to  repeal  by doing the  most minuscule  thing they could do  they were too ambitious  senate do your job
i call on governor brown to join the other border state governors in listening to the needs of our border agents ra…
mary mcleod bethune is an excellent choice to represent florida in the u s  capitol   repcurbelo looks forward to w…
today s tax cutsand jobs act good news   tcfbank in wayzata  giving  1k bonuses to full-time employees   500 bonuses…
rt  houseappropsgop  starting now  the first full committee markup for fiscal year 2019  military construction and veterans affairs and leg…
being named a finalist for  congressfdn s 2018 democracy award for constituent service is an exciting honor  my tea…
rt  philadelphiayrs  y r n fin philly is now hosting the 2nd policy forum  infrastructure on the horizon   repsmucker kicking it off with open…
to stay updated on the list of businesses receiving good news due to tax reform  visit or t…
rt  justinamash  we ve assembled our nonpartisan team to defend americans  4th amendment rights  with all the cosponsors of my  fisa702  ame…
rt  freedomworks  1/4 congress must act on four legislative priorities mentioned in the  sotu   modern employment reform  improvement  and t…
rt  waysandmeansgop  every day more and more american companies are making commitments to reinvest in their employees and communities after…
rt  foxbusiness    potus announces u s  military strikes in syria   the purpose of our actions tonight  is to establishment a strong deterr…
last week  i spoke with students at three of our  okcps  i discussed the importance of education & civic engagement 
posey applauds decision to establish a select committee to uncover the truth about what happened in     politics
rt  kirkbrown_aim  u s   repjeffduncan  appalled  by budget deal that congress approved  the upstate republican voted against it  saying  w…
rt  roslehtinen  proud 2 co-sponsor  support  congbillposey bill commemorating 50th anniv of mankind s giant leap on moon   fl  space expl…
great article in  thehill on how the real benefits of the tax cutsand jobs act are proving the ridiculous fear-monger…
rt  ivankatrump   there has never been a better time to start living the american dream    realdonaldtrump laid out a powerful and unifying…
this morning  chairman  repkevinbrady was on  squawkcnbc live from the capitol to talk taxday  watch …
high school art students - don t forget that this friday  april 20  is the deadline for the congressional art compe…
happening now → chairing a  gopoversight national security subcommittee hearing examining hurricane recovery effort…
rt  foxnews    repleezeldin    potus s decision and the execution of the strikes last night were done  i believe  correctly  appropriately …
our thoughts and prayers are with all the victims and their families in parkland  florida  thankful for our brave f…
as the father of two beautiful daughters  the thought of someone ever hurting a child is unimaginable  this april l…
this afternoon s legislative branch subcommittee hearing with  usgao  scheduled for 2 30 pm  has been rescheduled until tomorrow at 4 30 pm 
speaking of sheriff grady judd  i gave him a copy of my remarks in the congressional record during the  mcsa18  rece…
school choice empowers families  that s why making it available to everyone should be a priority for all of us 
rt  greatplainstech  our thanks to  tomcoleok04 for stopping by the gptc business development center to chat with new tenants today 
  davereichert chairing 2 pm l e task force national police week hearing on building trust b/w le & communities watch 
rt  senategop  good news→ since congress passed the tax cutsand jobs act  nearly 800 000 new jobs have been created  jobs report
the power of prayer is real  both in our lives and on behalf of our nation  thank you to micah and elizabeth trautm…
a typical middle-income family of four in  mi08  will see a tax cut of  2 549 because of the tax cutsand jobs act …
great to talk to  kyshpo about the work they re doing to restore ky s historical places 
ben franklin s wisdom
every child is unique  school choice lets parents match their child s learning environment to their individual need…
  mrsb1stgraders thanks for your question  ask buddy
yesterday i had the privilege of presenting several medals to area veterans and their families at my traverse city…
h r  5554  to amend the federal food  drug  and cosmetic act to reauthorize user fee programs relating to new anima…
had a fantastic discussion with idahoans from  nfda - the work they are doing to assist in burial costs for our dec…
rt  cathymcmorris  tune in at 10 am as  reppaulcook joins  housegop leadership to talk about why we are voting again to provide funding cer…
rt  dolefoundation  fellows program coordinator liz rotenberry met with representative  robwittman this am to discuss efforts to ensure vet…
great meeting this morning with over 20 small business owners from all over  mi11   discussing how congress is rolli…
for the safety of our kids in school  it s an app  safe u t it s 24/7 access to crisis counseling  report tips on a…
been reintroducing this for years  no budget  no pay 
rt  housejudiciary   repgoodlatte  repjohnconyers   jimpressoffice   balance between privacy rights and national security will    require s…
rt  healthylakes  thanks  congressmandan for cosponsoring the  glri  act of 2015  the act supports the  glri    300m/yr for 5 yrs
always a great conversation at the kent county farm bureau legislative breakfast  thanks to  robinettes for hosting 
rt  repwalberg  chairing an  edworkforce subcommittee hearing this morning on bipartisan proposals to enhance retirement security  watch li…
thank you for signing the tax cuts and jobs act  president trump - tax reform is now law  this is a big win for american families 
rt  foxnews    reptommarino  the clintons are  pathological liars 
today i met with 65 students and teachers from genesee valley boces school of le roy  who are in dc as part of the…
congratulations to officer mehlert from  mvpolice who was named police officer of the year by the iowa police chief…
deeply saddened by the news re  barbara bush  she served w/ grace  dignity & distinction both as 1st & 2nd lady  fu…
as co-chair of the ms caucus  it s an incredible honor to be named 2017 u s  rep  of the year by  mssociety & have…
rt  waysandmeansgop  hearing  at 10am with  secazar on president trump s fy19 budget proposals for  hhsgov  tune in live 
watch  today s  housecommerce hearing on facebook will begin this morning at 10am 
we had a productive meeting in kendall county  and seeing how hard our local officials  treatment centers  schools …
i welcome any actions that will bring an end to california s sanctuary state policy that does nothing but protect d…
 repgoodlatte    it is the duty of bop not to merely warehouse federal inmates  but to assist those inmates in bec…
rt  stevescalise  i presented my two heroes – david bailey and crystal griner – with the duffy award for the highest standards of conduct …
today we ve  again  fulfilled our promise to provide much-needed taxrelief to the american people  the…
i hope to see you tonight in centreville   al06 
just had a productive meeting with local residents concerned about airport noise cd48 faa
it was great to meet with the knox regional development alliance today to discuss growth in the fort knox area 
rt  dmblackburn   repdavid as  abdolrahimi introduces his fed i d keynote on congressional blockchain activities  wow  we re busy 
rt  ababankers  the senate isn t the only place where bipartisanship is prevailing today  earlier this evening the house passed the tailor…
snap should promote nutritious choices rather than sugar-sweetened beverages  i am working with my colleagues on th…
so thankful for having david jett as our pastor at crossgates baptist church for 10 years  he and his wife  kathy …
good luck at states tomorrow pee dee academy   sc07 
congrats to sabrina singh from egg harbor township high school for winning this year s congressional art competitio…
topping the day off with ischua town hall  looking forward to bringing your ideas back to washington   ny23 
saddened to learn of the passing of my colleague from new york  rep  louise slaughter  her dedication & service to…
rt  waysandmeansgop  yesterday  bipartisan house members wrapped up a productive visit to mexico for the seventh round of  nafta  negotiatio…
 uscapitol take a closer look at nathan adkin s 1st place work  bridge to nowhere   which will hang in the…
rt  brianindyj  talk about a top notch fellow  congressman westerman took about 10 of us tonight on a private tour of the capitol  super…
 1/2  proud to announce that the fy 2019 ndaa will include over  166 million for construction projects at marine co…
enjoyed meeting harvey dixon  left  & adjutant gregory bacon sr   leaders with disabled american veterans idaho …
 senatorbrophy  justinamash me personally  yes  back in the years when we actually voted on them  e g  i voted fo…
congressman griffith meeting with vfw representatives from the ninth district 
this week is national teacher appreciation week  make sure to thank a teacher for their dedication and service to o…
this editorial makes it seem that congress is only cutting the top corporate and individual rates  which is simply untrue 
stopped by the  geneseecountyny annual awards dinner in batavia  great to meet with all the honorees  congratulatio…
rt  srqcountygov    vernbuchanan discusses aid that will be available for residents impacted by hurricane irma
rt  ssccardinalnews  congressman adrian smith speaks to the crowd at the 41st annual joint city/school/county meeting hosted by dakota city…
 clearpathfound  our polling shows 70% of republicans want to advance clean energy policies  g o p energy solutions
rt  _williamsonben  coming up  mark meadows and jim jordan on stage at  cpac  with interviewer  sarahcwestwood discussing why it s critica…
today is national ag day  which means coming together to celebrate the abundance provided by agriculture  thankful…
rt  housesmallbiz  hear what  rajshah45 has to say about  potus agenda for 🇺🇸 smallbiz   our agenda - lowering taxes  cutting regulations…
rt  waysandmeansgop  happy three month anniversary to the tax cutsand jobs act 🎉
a tuesday well spent with the tide  🐘 congratulations to the national champions  roll tide
tonight the north texas leaders in washington heard from our fellow texan  rulesreps chairman  petesessions  who re…
we are revitilizing the american dream day after day  america will grow america will prosper america will be gre…
thank you to the brave law enforcement officers that have worked tirelessly to keep central texans safe 
the united states  working with our international partners including israel  must remain committed to ensuring iran…
rt  natresources  🚨live →  secretaryzinke testifies on advancing american energy dominance  addressing  16 billion deferred maintenance bac…
 repdesantis  restiverabble congratulations   
rt  abel_romero_    mactxpress on reports of russia s latest violation of inf treaty
rt  repbeatty  proud to join  repstevestivers in support of designating the  national veterans memorial and museum  in central ohio  honor…
rt  housevetaffairs  the house just passed legislation that would expedite investigations of va medical centers  read chairman  drphilroe s…
rt  waysandmeansgop  statement  chairman  repkevinbrady and hr subcommittee chairman  repadriansmith on  potus s executive order on  reduci…
rt  bmi  excited to see music modernization act marked up  housejudiciary tomorrow at 10 00 am  thanks to  repgoodlatte  repjerrynadler  rep…
i voted to pass kates law & the no sanctuary for criminals act  prioritizing public safety  upholding the rule of law …
clean water for the world is not just a humanitarian crisis  it s a security issue  it s not a partisan issue  it s…
rt  sheriffcsm  proud to represent wnc & our local sheriffs on this important topic  proud to have people like  repmarkmeadows &  realdonal…
rt  biaamerica  save the date  brain injury awareness day will take place march 20  2018  thank you to the congressional brain injury task…
this west michigan job growth would be hurt by the medical device tax  a two year delay is a positive development …
i had a great visit with utah small business owners about labor and immigration debate i m working to update our…
on floor to discuss the legislation i introduced with congressman  jimlangevin & congressman  davidyoungia to moder…
rt  driving_line  2016  kingofthehammer week is on  start it off right with these koh prep tips   koh2016 
american families need a break  learn about our framework for taxreform to boost wages & create jobs 
today we are going to hear about how social security plans to do just that  this won t be easy work  & there is plenty to do 
vote today for your favorite piece of art for the  people s choice  award 
passed  the house just passed the tailor act by  reptipton  which tailors regulations so that community financial i…
rt  hollykxxv  we love our  blueangels  the heart of texas airshow was packed today for their performance ✈️ can t believe this navy week…
rt  conawaytx11   speakerryan has given his all during his speakership  his legacy as a legislator and leader will live on in the house  a…
rt  repgoodlatte   fosta  will finally make a meaningful difference in combating online sex trafficking  thank you to  repannwagner for her…
rt  waysandmeansgop  today is the last tax day you will have to file with our old  broken system  next year  american families will see  👶…
more evidence that foxconn will have a positive impact on our entire state   marathon company to construct storm wa…
visiting with constituents from carlsbad at the office before their tour of the  uscapitol today  thanks to the sch…
severely reducing funding for this program would be shortsighted and unacceptable   va01 
in dc  the government is shut down today because of a few inches of snow  in idaho  this would just be another wed…
spoke this morning at an  ntcaconnect breakfast about rural broadband  reducing the regulatory burden for small tel…
i joined  repmoolenaar and  repdebdingell today in hosting a briefing to talk about ways to combat this epidemic by…
i spoke on house floor about how folks are using tax savings in  tx36   many are benefiting from tax reform  familie…
real disposable incomes in u s  increase most since 2015 tax reform
rt  lafourcheso  ⚠️ per  lafourchepsd and the diocese of houma-thibodaux  all public and catholic schools in lafourche parish will be close…
over the past two decades barbara bush was a frequent visitor to our brazos valley community  the home of her husba…
rt  gopleader  finally  the defense funding we need ⬇️
rt  tlhumanrights  watch live  advancing human rights through international prison reform ↓
it would be great to see a term limits bill pass congress and become law  agree or disagree  make it 6  8  10  or 1…
time to roll back another  cfpb s de facto ban on payday lending  let s allow low-income americans to have access…
rt  speakerryan  here s what today s vote funds  ✔ biggest pay raise for our troops in 8 years ✔ military equipment  as requested by sec  m…
it s time for democrats to put policy ahead of politics and end the schumer shutdown
i was honored to visit w/ lee estes at the veterans home in monroe  he discovered his love of photography while ser…
last week  i viewed  holocaustmuseum s new exhibit  americans and the holocaust  which shows how factors like the d…
frederic bastiat s beautiful explanation    free trade
  housegop taxreform enables the american people to 
rt  foxnews  tonight on  justice    judgejeanine talks to  repleezeldin - tune in at 9p et on fox news channel 
hopefully more will join our ranks in the future   
i look forward to attending  sotu  tonight  the fact is  our economy is booming  watch here 
yesterday i talked w/  varneyco on  foxbusiness about why confiscating guns isn t the answer to the tragedy in vegas
why is figuring out their social security coverage & payroll tax compliance so complicated 
as members of congress  one of our primary jobs is to ensure that the govt is funded & fully operational  esp our military   3/7 
rt  americanlegion  on march 29  1973  u s  combat and combat support units withdrew from south vietnam  to all those who never came home …
i spoke today in support of a balanced budget amendment to our constitution  we must also reduce spending and enco…
discussing national issues and my role in congress with seaford cub scout pack 690  impressive group 
congrats to mitch for achieving  theaward congressional gold medal  take a look at his elevation & flood guide here…
humbled to have been one of the honorees in last night s  israelinusa 70th anniversary celebration  it was a pleasu…
great to speak with small business owners about the tax cuts and jobs act  the importance of trade to our region  immi…
joined  usdagov secretary perdue and  sbagov administrator mcmahon at celina tent in mercer county  the two signed…
great news   walmart - indiana s largest private employer - is increasing wages  giving out bonuses  and expanding…
the trustees also tell us that today it would take  12 5 trillion to make social security solvent over the next 75 yrs 
rt  houseagnews  house members from across the country praise 2018 farm bill  congressmangt  repbobgibbs  repabraham  rephartzler  reprickcr…
rt  financialcmte  operation choke point is a clear abuse of power & another example of  potus overreach  end chokepoint  hr766 
rt  mariabartiromo  about to join the team  foxandfriends  rcamposduffy  edhenry  petehegseth ahead of  sundayfutures  foxnews join us  rep…
the unemployment rate has fallen to 3 9% - it s lowest level since december 2000   potus s america first agenda is…
rt  felixllerenacub  hace exactamente 1 año me expulsaron de mi universidad por pensar diferente  por no ser comunista y por levantar mi vo…
we cannot afford to let 15 unelected  unaccountable bureaucrats make decisions for our nation s medicare beneficiaries  i p a b repeal
icymi  here is a story regarding our efforts to protect against the foreign leasing of a critical containership com…
enjoyed meeting with this great group of conservative leaders to discuss workforce development policies to help mor…
 over the last year  the world has seen what we always knew  that no people on earth are so fearless  or daring  o…
rt  repmcsally  this womens history month we are looking at businesses that are making history today by helping women make history tomorrow…
rt  thestate  worried about your online privacy  so is sc congressman mark sanford
rt  speakerryan  ✅ more jobs  ✅ bigger paychecks  that s the power of tax reform 
farmers and ranchers are the original conservationists  the 2018 farm bill encourages voluntary incentive-based cons…
check out my response to  potus  sotu  here 
rt  repjohnkatko  today i joined the hardworking men and women at local employer  dotfoods to highlight the benefits of tax reform  busines…
 akachinske no
rt  speakerryan  for hardworking families  1182more   per year will make a real difference  that s what tax reform is all about 
the 2018 farm bill makes investments in rural broadband and authorizes usda to help address the opioid crisis and es…
getting in the vehicle for a long road trip and beth says  i have a surprise for you in the…
rt  repbrianfitz  joined  reptommacarthur   repanniekuster   donaldnorcross & 40 other members of the bipartisan heroin task force in urgin…
rt  realdonaldtrump  got  1 6 billion to start wall on southern border  rest will be forthcoming  most importantly  got  700 billion to reb…
rt  navysealmuseum  team  brianmastfl and  repryanzinke finished strong  navysealmuseum s 3rd annual bridge challenge  hooyah 💪💪💪󾓦󾓦🇺🇸🇺🇸 htt…
rt  tomcoleok04  today  millions of americans will file their taxes under an antiquated system for the last time  the tax cuts & jobs act r…
good news keeps on comin  from our gop tax relief   ups  a georgia based company  is investing big and rewarding th…
george  we salute you for your lifetime of service and thank you for your tireless advocacy on behalf of our vetera…
from the ability to purchase new equipment to help their companies expand to increasing school programs that promot…
employees at us bank in hartville got a  1 000 bonus as a result of the tax cuts and jobs act  some paid off a car not…
dianne and i are praying for gov  blanco as she takes on this fight 
the village of pinhook was destroyed by a flood when a levee blew out in 2011  this year  they have begun to rebuil…
house passes make america secure and prosperous appropriations act  2018
live with  kyleharvey_kbak on  bakersfieldnow to discuss health care  immigration  and north korea 
busy birthday weekend in the rokita household  yesterday  our son teddy turned 10  and today our son ryan turns 8 …
 terrorist attacks can shake the foundations of our biggest buildings  but they cannot touch the foundation of amer…
  secazar is spot on  prices are available for almost everything except our own healthcare  this is why…
rt  johnculberson  fellow texas congressman  lamarsmithtx21 and i are excited for the future of space exploration  talented  nasa scientist…
rt  maura_gillespie  coming up next on  foxnews 👉  repkinzinger joins  teamcavuto to discuss korea summit and denuclearization w/ north kor…
happy 4th of july  thank you to all of the brave men and women who put their lives on the line to protect our freedom each and every day 
it was great meeting with you  thank you for taking the time to come by my office 
there has been plenty of misinformation about the tax reform my colleagues and i voted for in december— but the pos…
thank you  it was nice to see you and your group yesterday 
federal judge accuses mueller s team of  lying   trying to target trump   c mon man  
rt  speakerryan  over the past week  companies like ups  lowe s  and best buy announced bonuses  pay raises  and additional benefits for th…
enjoyed visiting with 4h and ffa students after our ag appreciation dinner in tonkawa last week 
great to speak with  morningsmaria on  foxbusiness this a m  clear & proven  potus has authority to name mulvaney a…
protecting the homeland also means protecting american citizens abroad  our foreign embassies are a continual targe…
tune in   conawaytx11 will offer remarks at  aei today on the  snap  modifications in the 2018 farm bill at 8 30amet 
as a reminder  my staff will be available in chadron on tuesday and brewster on wednesday  if you need assistance 
i haven t heard much trash talk from  rogermarshallmd  he must be nervous about tonight s sweet16 matchup between…
87% of americans  81% of those living in poverty  agree – you should be working to receive benefits  la times/aei p…
caroline and i were very proud to participate in this year s march for life in washington  march for life2018
rt  cspan    cbp commissioner kevin mcaleenan   cbp_mcaleenan  testifies on future of customs and border protection before  househomeland –…
rt  housecommerce  chairman  repgregwalden is now discussing some of the bills to expect in our upcoming legislative hearings at  uschamber…
beaufort & pamlico counties  don t forget i m hosting a teletown hall tonight  to join  please call 888-480-3626 st…
under the tax cuts & jobs act  90% of americans will be able to file their tax returns on a form the size of a post…
happening now   cindyhydesmith is being sworn in as mississippi s first female senator 
rt  edworkforce  stream live now 📺 we examine the implications of the opioid epidemic for  usdol s workers  compensation program for federa…
rt  rachelnash21  thank you william and  repdavetrott office for meeting with the  ameracadpeds pediatricians  mahajanpemdoc and  rachelnas…
senate sends gold star families voices act to the president  thank you  royblunt for your work to help preserve the…
congressman griffith s weekly e-newsletter 2 5 18  president adds momentum for  right to try 
learn more about my vote on the tax cuts and jobs act and how it will affect nevadans should it be signed into law 
local manufacturers like global precision parts drive our economy and provide good jobs for hoosiers  we talked abo…
the deadline to register for harvey disaster assistance is thursday november 30  for more details  read my latest…
millennials want to work for a business that has a positive impact & a mission they believe in  google g o p future
 i look forward to an agreement that takes care of the dreamers  secures our borders and moves us to a modern  meri…
rt  foxnews    tgowdysc on  potus  wiretapping allegation   if there s an evidentiary basis for  potus  tweet  it has not been shared with…
 live   i m chairing a hearing with  hascrepublicans &  hascdemocrats to address physiological episodes in aircrafts…
barbara bush is a great blessing to texans and all americans  i am praying for comfort and peace for mrs  bush  pre…
rt  housecommerce  thanks to efforts led by e&c to modernize the nation s energy infrastructure  the u s  became a net exporter of natural…
crediting taxreform   ups announces  12b investment to expand smart logistics network  increase pension funding an…
rt  houseradiotv  news conference   repnewhouse & gop members hold press conference to support  daca  negotiations  access thru hvc 117   hv…
thank you to all of our current  former  and fallen officers – our communities are extremely grateful for your service  national police week
my thoughts & prayers are with the families and loved ones of the crew onboard today s military plane crash in georgia 
u s  forces stormed the beaches at normandy 73 years ago today  helping to defeat nazi germany  d-day -- the greate…
way to go  astros 
looking forward to  joemcg_68 s arrival for tomorrow s state of the union   sotu   in09   indot
rt  tamu_ugr  the  our_utaustin longhorn research poster session is in full swing   tamu &  utaustin members of  aurat  are presenting until…
43 years my valentine - happy valentine s day  brenda gail 
several pro-life leaders from our community joined me to discuss how we can protect the sanctity of life in our dis…
the  natresources cmte is holding a hearing on my bill  the grand staircase escalante enhancement act  tune in 
rt  hascrepublicans  live at 10 edt  hasc hearing on dod budget request w/ chairman  mactxpress  secdef   cjcs   gendunford watch here 
joining  mariabartiromo  morningsmaria on  foxbusiness in just a minute  tune in 
my statement on  potus s decision to seek a new iran deal 
a century ago  the entire population of the us was less than today s 107 million who are of working age but  not in…
enjoyed attending chickenfest in north wilkesboro - great people and music 
this morning  i attended the fort smith chamber of commerce s first friday breakfast  following the breakfast  the…
next week  i will host a veterans information workshop in griffin for any veterans or their loved ones who are expe…
tb scare at  khs_cougars  school nurses - donna frank & shelia sterns - handled perfectly  nurses week  fortbendisd
thank you for coming in today  look forward to continuing working with you all  mn02 
had the honor of meeting with  dollyparton at the  librarycongress this week  her organization   dollyslibrary  is…
rt  justicereform  kicking off the  tlhumanrights hearing on international prison reform  rephultgren mentions his special relationship wit…
team fl  repdennisross  mariodb  reptedyoho  marcorubio  senbillnelson let s make it clear ag fix must be included…
congrats  again   astros  it s always a great day to be a texan  wish i could be there to welcome y all home 
today is aggie muster  every year on april 21st  aggies gather to remember  honor and celebrate the lives of all fa…
i had the chance to attend an opioid roundtable & speak w/ people in a variety of fields about how the opioid epide…
many  il14  residents work at  diamondenvelope  which is 87 percent female-owned  it has 81 employees working qualit…
while some progress has been made  there s more work to be done  and more   is not the answer…
during my  hasc  tacairland nearly 2 hour hearing with  nikiinthehouse   usnavy failed to mention this physiological…
at 10  the disability assistance and memorial affairs subcommittee will examine  deptvetaffairs pre-discharge claim…
rt  stevescalise  this month workers will start to see bigger paychecks as our new tax cuts are implemented  make sure to check your check …
taxpayers should not be forced to subsidize hollywood s cover-up of sexual assault and sexual harassment 
today we remember the courage  faith and leadership of martin luther king  jr  a true american hero 
rt  repkinzinger  thanks to tax cutsand jobs act  this year you ll see more take home pay  higher paychecks  & more jobs  we accomplished a…
our farmers & ag industry rely on our waterways  this bipartisan bill  repcheri & i have introduced will make sure…
disappointed the director of the fbi refused to acknowledge that civil asset forfeiture is clearly unconstitutional…
  explorebranson and camdenton missouri were well represented in my washington  dc  office today when…
i was pleased to hear the president s commitment to make critical infrastructure improvements  boosting national se…
rep   justinamash will join  repbarbaralee   libertycaucus   usprogressives  and expert witnesses for a hearing dis…
don t miss this morning s  financialcmte hearing happening now  i ll be asking  cfpbdirector mulvaney whether the b…
i was standing up when the accident happened  a little bit shaken up  and praying for all of my fellow colleagues 
one week left  the deadline for the  il16  congressional art competition is on friday  april 20th  the contest rules…
we still have not voted on the first section in our bill on remuneration as a result of democrats  stall tactics 
career & technical education-  cte  - is vitally important for young people in  mn02  to get the right skills for job…
sometimes the real adventure can be found in our own backyard  at  amistadnps  our  oasis in the desert   you can e…
for all young adults in  pa03   the application process for the summer 2018 white house internship program is now op…
the backbone of our nation is made up of millions of small businesses the hoosier state has more than 500 000 small…
good news  california national guard to receive upgraded black hawk helicopters  thecaguard
i had the opportunity to meet with members of the  spinabifidaassn as they embarked on their first ever national hi…
rt  opioidpreventbc  this action panel w/  repbuddycarter is an opportunity to hear about what is happening at the federal & state levels w…
i applaud  realdonaldtrump for recognizing that jerusalem is the capital of israel and beginning the process of m…
today   interior is waiving entrance fees at all national parks to kick off national park week  st  louis is home t…
did you know that individuals who hold full-time employment are 10 times less likely to fall into poverty  we must…
another tax day has come and gone  iowans have filed their tax forms with the irs and too many have experienced fru…
rt  terrifurmanklbk  see more of this story tonight at 6 on  klbknews     i just love mr  crenshaw 
i asked  secretaryzinke at  natresources last week more about his proposal to move the bureau of reclamation leader…
i enjoyed meeting w/ members of the al beer wholesalers association today  the group included hardworking people wh…
rt  troyohiochamber  thank you  warrendavidson for sharing with small businesses from the region today  we appreciate your support for loc…
thank you  potus for declaring january 22nd national sanctityof human life day 
rt  calfiremmu  community meeting tonight in mariposa at mariposa county high school  details below 
we re already seeing the economic benefits of deregulation and of the job-creating tax reform package passed last year   sotu 
congresswoman  louiseslaughter was a leader in the house for decades  and well-respected by members on both sides o…
with the government shutdown resolved  it s good to be back in  ne03  talking with nebraskans today  thanks to…
finding  making individual health records anonymous for the purpose of scientific studies is standard procedure in many gov t agencies 
rt  frcaction  thank you rep  james sensenbrenner for displaying unwavering commitment and consistent support of faith  family  and freedom…
today is national prescription drug take back day  together we can help prevent drug addiction and overdoses  to tu…
rt  americafirstpol    vp   in cleveland  the unemployment rate has dropped by nearly 10%  under this  potus  cleveland has gained 3 300 ma…
today  watch minnesota s own  jessdiggs carry the u s  flag for  teamusa during the closing ceremony of the 2018 wi…
we aggregated resources and contact information provided by the county emergency services organizations along with…
 jpswatz opposing amnesty &undermining efforts to control border has now resulted in large number of people here who r not loyal to usa
in response to the historic tax reform we helped pass at the end of last year  charter announced today that it s bo…
rt  housegop  the tax cuts & jobs act will create more jobs and increase paychecks  137 economists just confirmed → taxreform
from my family to yours  have a peaceful and relaxing thanksgiving 
u s  military action alongside our allies is a necessary and decisive response to the assad regime s repeated use o…
i truly want to take full advantage of the wonderful opportunity of being in congress to highlight the tremendous v…
proud to support this bipartisan legislation providing critical funding for our veteran programs 
today  the house failed to come to agreement on a constitutionally-ensured path to return fiscal restraint  read my…
hr 490  the heartbeat protection act  has 170 cosponsors & is ready for a floor vote on march for life day  why are…
rt  waysandmeansgop  hearings🗓  wednesday  february 14th ➡  secazar testifies on  potus s 2019 budget proposals for  hhsgov thursday  feb…
dreamers deserve the certainty of a daca fix by year-end 
rt  repdianeblack  icymi  107 of my colleagues joined my letter to  speakerryan   gopleader &  stevescalise urging them to do everything in…
rt  speakerryan  events like today remind us that we are all united by a deep  abiding love of our country  and we pledge allegiance to one…
thank you to everyone who joined senator tim scott and me for our facebook live this morning  for more information…
there was bipartisan opposition to the iran nuclear deal because of the many concessions made by the obama administ…
enjoying to hear from so many minnesotans tonight during paulsen office hours
 donutcrazy11 julie  the event is next week 
q for  riceuniversity dean hutchinson  are there programs in place to train university police for dealing with sexu…
rt  housegop  rt to recognize military appreciation month 
setting the record straight  i voted twice in favor of cfpb s payday lending rule  these attacks are unfounded  mis…
watch house ag in  tx11  here  house ag listens the next farm bill
last night  congressman thornberry voted for the fourth time to fund our military  set our troops free
rt  senatortester  proud to join  stevedaines   repryanzinke   governorbullock   agtimfox in standing up to intolerance 
correction  congress shouldn t* be involved in attempting to overturn trade decisions by the administration 
  potus isn t starting a trade war  we re already in the middle of one  he s working to negotiate a deal that puts…
texas is the best state for business and has held the 1 spot for all 14 years of the chief executive survey …
rt  housecommerce   us_fda mdufa – keeping the patient in mind while brining innovative tech to market
merit monday  hr559 
rt  auctnr1   springfield missouri teachers to be honored at monday banquet via  springfieldnl
excellent news  thank god they are safe and will soon be back home with their loved ones  thank you for your leader…
as we consider the farm bill this week  it is critical that we support initiatives that encourage and help those in…
rt  alzimpact   disease is a lot more expensive than cures  i tell my colleagues  you will save money with this investment   -  tomcoleok04…
it has been an honor to serve alongside  speakerryan for the past decade  under his leadership  we delivered compre…
signed into law  a bill i co-sponsored to make hearing aids more affordable  read more below  sayfie
happy retirement to cecil turner of the station cafe in bentonville  the station cafe is a staple of bentonville an…
absolutely shameful that the senate has become ground zero for the resistance movement  their hostility to…
members of congress need time to review legislation before we take vote  our r e a dit resolution gives members of co…
yesterday i was able to attend the 17th annual empty bowl luncheon hosted by the augusta jewish community center an…
israel remains one of our closest allies and a critical partner in the middle east  i was humbled to attend the ope…
g a09 s cmc reminds us that pro-business policies are ultimately pro-worker policies  i applaud this toccoa company…
rt  repmikerogersal   snap  asset tests haven t been updated since the 1970s  the 2018 farm bill modernizes and enforces these asset tests to…
today my friend and fellow kansan mike pompeo will appear before the senate foreign relations committee to begin co…
rt  zippyduvall  thank you  repgaramendi &  replamalfa  u s  students & farmers win w/ the american food for american schools act 
read this week s long s short report about the two va health care facilities in springfield and joplin that will be…
a red-line has likely been crossed again by assad  if observers are not allowed into syria to verify if chemical w…
 those who deny freedom to others deserve it not for themselves   – abraham lincoln  our 16th president  born on th…
  epascottpruitt testifies before sub environment on fy19 budget &gt &gt 
we have to help those suffering from mental illness in this country 
want to see what i m up to in  tx11   check out my instagram for a behind the scenes look 
this morning s read in the  newsandtribune s stories of southern indiana  a floyd county small business in space  →…
happy birthday to my colleague from south dakota   repkristinoem 
today i launched the congressional reformers caucus with my co-chair and friend  rep  kathleen rice  thanks to the…
h r  4275  empowering pharmacists in the fight against opioid abuse act  has passed the full cmte by voice vote
thankfully  my 4 amendments to the  fy19ndaa  passed during  hascrepublicans committee debate and 25 provisions requ…
during e&c hearing  harper praises ummc telehealth center of excellence designation  via  youtube
unfathomable evil  my heart goes out to the victims & families of this terrible tragedy in las vegas 
rt  laurenblair88  🔴 live   waysandmeansgop 2nd hearing this year on opioidcrisis — focused on ways to protect americans from opioid abuse…
western  pa  lost a legend today   wwe hall of famer bruno sammartino was a man of honor and a pillar of his communi…
will be joining  seanhannity tonight shortly after 9 pm to discuss latest controversy surrounding peter strzok & fb…
46 people die every day from overdoses involving prescription opioids  protect your family and friends  find a disp…
this funding from  hhsgov will allow indiana to build upon the important work that has been done throughout the sta…
passed  this evening the house passed a continuing resolution  cr  to prevent a government shutdown and allow congr…
costello launches legislation to advance rare disease research  cures
congratulations to birmingham s dolester miles on being named the nation s top pastry chef  🍰🎂🍮
today at 11 10am central  talking to  toddstarnes about the spending bill on  foxnewsradio  listen in 

working with my colleagues on the  financialcmte to end big bailouts on the backs of taxpayers and hold wall street…
today  we honor the spouses of our brave men and women in uniform  thank you for your continued commitment and sacr…
it was great meeting you and thank you for the informative discussion 
caseworkers from my office hosted a meeting for the  ok  congressional delegation to share best practices when it co…
the freedom to practice religion without persecution is a right for all  i urge the president to sign hr1150 asap 
merry christmas from our family to yours 
great news - unemployment has fallen to the lowest rate since 2000  working alongside the trump administration  we…
i was so pleased to hear that home depot gave their employees up to  1 000 in bonuses  and it s great to see that t…
today is a historic day as the u s  opens our embassy in jerusalem – the rightful capital of israel  america is pro…
what a comeback  congrats to  nevadahoops on a huge win against cincinnati tonight  next stop  sweet sixteen …
grace from manheim wrote me about guns and safety concerns  here is my response to grace 
russian trolls are pitting americans against energy industry ⤵️
happy national library week  since its introduction in 1958  we ve continued to celebrate the contributions of our n…
helping those who struggle to keep a roof over their head has been a priority of mine while in congress  i ve been…
i am committed to working with my colleagues to prevent suicide and improve our mental health system  thank you…
rt  repgallagher  what does the new tax code mean for working families  as  speakerryan put it in his new op-ed      more money and less ha…
whether members of congress support  potus actions or oppose them  they should not shirk the duty to vote on them …
if you have questions about the republican tax bill and how it affects you  i recommend going to…
always good to be in stephenville  thanks  fibergrate composite structures for taking me on a tour of your facility…
at 1 30 pm  military construction/va chairman  repcharliedent convenes a member day hearing at which members will t…
thanks to  _mealsonwheels for having me help out with marchfor meals in fredonia today 
for an ongoing list of companies giving bonuses  pay raises  and new investments as a direct result of the tax cuts…
tonight  i hosted the awards presentation for the 2018 congressional art competition  emma edmonds of southside hig…
yesterday  i met with employees and industry leaders from edwards lifesciences in irvine to discuss tax reform  the…
congratulations to the 2018 congressional art competition winner  abigail holmes of vincennes lincoln high school f…
thanks to  wenytv and  wenybrandonm for covering our mental health integration discussion with keuka family practic…
rt  foxnews  website known for sex-related classified ads  reportedly seized by fbi
just passed the house  my legislation to combat red tide  sayfie
congressman griffith s weekly e-newsletter 8 4 17 topics  filibuster frustration
great news for wisconsin 
we should focus on people s abilities and all that they have to offer  that s why i championed  able  to work in…
rt  dfw_rambler  local students compete in first lego league championship by ariel graham legos legoland  lego_gr…
view house intelligence committee memo -&gt 
speaking with the fairfield rotary this afternoon  i appreciate the work rotarians do in the community  thank you f…
under updated trade pact  -u s  auto & pharm industries gain greater access to south korean market -korea s custom…
rt  senatorisakson  students  don t forget to sign up for our military service academy day by this monday  april 23  sign up here --&gt 
icymi  catch my interview from this morning with  cspanwj  discussed my serious concerns with the omnibus
happy easter 
rt  whitehouse   sotu  
the o t c monograph system was established in 1972  in that time  the system has become a hindrance that does not all…
rt  housescience    wsj  russian meddling on social media targeted u s  energy industry  report says
rt  housegop  americans still believe the american dream is alive  just as a majority of americans now think it is possible to get ahead th…
thank you so much to the atlanta community food bank for sharing their important work across atlanta and  ga03   i a…
rt  repsanfelippo  another outstanding turnout in the  cityofnewberlin for the  jimpressoffice town hall meeting  thank you for your civic…
here s what  mancinojoseph  mayor of the village of hawthorn woods  says   utilizing advance refunding bonds has sa…
if there is any one issue that should bring our nation together  it s our gold star families 
rt  wsjm  watch  congressman fred upton is pleased the federal government is putting up some of its resources to help those affected by flo…
rt  anoorani  big thank you to  repnewhouse and 14 house gop for speaking out on daca today  they aren t waiting for the right moment to le…
update- rep  lewis is grateful for the care of the clinical staff at uva medical ctr in charlottesville  he s been…
a result of tax reform for working families 
i had a fantastic visit with mississippi music legend  mooremistyblue who you may know for her hit song  misty blue…
special congratulations and thanks to adjutant curt ebitz who received the lifetime achievement award for his servi…
april is month of the military child  a time to recognize the sacrifices our military families - and especially our…
great to meet with  evergladesnps    drytortugasnps superintendent  pedro ramos  as we discussed ways to ensure…
congrats  chief organvidez  looking forward to working with you to serve  cityofdoral   fl25 
fact  scientific journals are already moving towards requiring data to be publicly available  basing epa regulation…
thanks to lise from the  grandledgelib for giving me a tour today  great to hear about the library s youth programs…
infrastructure benefits everyone  that s why it is one of my top priorities for  oh15  this congress 
thank you again to rob sarver for serving as our keynote speaker for the kickoff party for the pete sessions leader…
proud to join akns in support of opening anwr s 1002 to resource development  good for ak  good for the nation …
great to watch army beat navy - what a game  🏈❄️
thx so much to jamie of  repcloakroom for always helping me out on  housefloor  he s a fellow  univmiami cane  i t…
today is the last time you will have to file your taxes with the old  outdated tax code – this means less time with…
rt  maderasheriff  mission fire in north fork mandatory evacuation order is being issued for douglass ranger station road 
disaster assistance available for farmers in pointe coupee following january freeze 
voting for this deal today would be voting to do the opposite of what i pledged to my constituents and the american…
what an honor to celebrate veterans day with our very own  tx31  veterans  thank you for your service to our great n…
 potus now hardworking families are seeing the benefits of the historic tax cuts we passed into law  while job crea…
thank you for stopping by 
taking time today to get an update from the anniston army depot  calhoun co  al03 
rt  waysandmeansgop  today  w&m trade subcommittee chairman  davereichert announced that the subcommittee will hold a hearing on april 25th…
congrats to the sdsu women s basketball team on an epic summit league victory  go jacks
yesterday  gao announced the social security administration is in violation of the vacancy reform act 
i met with law enforcement officers & firefighters on capitol hill today  we discussed my bill  the firefighter can…
today  we honor and remember the heroes of pearl harbor  pearl harbor76
rt  speakerryan  in addition to giving our troops their biggest pay raise in 8 years  congress is providing critical funding to upgrade ame…
really enjoyed meeting with you  franchising411  
rt  foxnews    potus addresses the nation amid reports of syria decision 
rt  reprwilliams  right now ↓
rt  israelinusa  we are now live from the dedication ceremony of the us embassy in jerusalem  join us 🇮🇱🇺🇸 https //t co/n7o2f6gkil
our soldiers deserve the best  so they can be successful on and off the battlefield 
i was honored to present mr  jim farr w/ medals that he never received during his faithful & honorable service to o…
rt  ap  breaking  trump says secretary of state mike pompeo en route to north korea ahead of trump-kim summit 
mr  phil crenshaw  a veteran and long-time lubbock resident  opened the house floor in prayer as our guest chaplain…
as part of our landmark 21st century cures act  an additional  1 billion was allocated to states to address opioid…
 3/3  my thoughts and prayers continue to go out to those affected 
day 2️⃣ of our hearing focused on combating the opioidepidemic is underway  this crisis continues to hit hoosiers…
welcome to washington  mr  secretary   energy
today the house will begin considering my bill that will provide long-term certainty for america s aviation  find o…
interested in attending one of the us military service academies  apply for a congress  nomination thru my office 
two weeks left to submit your artwork for the 2018 congressional art competition  any high school student in south…
great to see some folks from the mn rural water association and talk water infrastructure today- thanks for coming…
postponed  hearing on empowering u s  veterans through technology  new date & time tba 
i met with this group of iowans representing the american legion  we talked about the importance of making sure our…
wishing you and your family a very merry christmas and a happy new year 
we re proud of you and the difference you are making  portia 
the u s  economy is not slowing down 
number of days since the house of representatives sent the senate all twelve appropriations bills funding the gover…
illegal immigrants are doing what americans are reluctant to do  we import young men from cultures with 16 74 times…
yet  the attack was closely followed by an emphatic demonstration of america s unwavering resilience in the face of despair & destruction 
appreciate  arkhospassoc coming to dc yesterday and meeting with anna wilbourn on my staff on how we can help with…
it was my honor to meet susette kelo and her lawyer scott bullock  inst4justice in dc at debut of  lphmovie   littl…
rt  drnealdunnfl2  passed  the victor act - expands veterans  access to organ transplants 
grateful and proud to have  stevescalise voting on the house floor today  welcome back  brother 
rt  acufforjustice  when dealing with our criminal justice system   repmarkwalker makes the point loud and clear  that  after 50 years of f…
rt  foxnewsinsider    tgowdysc &  repgoodlatte call for special counsel on fisa  current probe  has no jurisdiction  over 24 witnesses
great read by jeff lahurd    heraldtribune  veterans day is coming soon  these sacrifices can t be forgotten sayfie
reminder  tomorrow is tax day  the last time you will have to file your taxes under a broken tax code  next year  t…
this verdict reminds us that the only way to keep americans secure  especially in  sanctuary  jurisdictions  is by…
our veterans fought for our freedoms  they shouldn t have the fight the government to get the benefits they rightly…
iran continues to assist its terrorist proxies and international terrorist networks  directly endangering u s  sold…
each may we honor current and former service members for their commitment to defending our great nation  happy…
rt  repteddeutch  the co-chairs of the congressional bipartisan task force for combating anti-semitism sent a letter to polish president du…
rt  repjenniffer   housevetaffairs  drphilroe  repbradwenstrup  kevinoromero  luissotocasa  luisjovalentin  pr_governance  kelliemeyernews…
this is a difficult day  but we stand together to honor the lives lost during the flight 3407 crash  i ll continue…
today   waysandmeansgop released the tax cuts and jobs act  click to learn more about what tax reform means for you 
rt  republicanstudy  rep  mark walker  fix our broken immigration system without giving in to amnesty  dcexaminer
rt  city_of_mobile  vote for  boogiecousins for the n b a community assist award  our hometown hero demarcus cousins donated a premier basketb…
it s a privileged to serve with you  repbrady – thank you for the true bipartisan work guiding the house forward
grateful for the input of  syracuseschools students 
rt  housegop  who s ready to  maga   watch the inauguration2017 festivities live tomorrow at
400  companies expanding employee benefits  4 000 000  americans receiving special bonuses  80 000 000 americans se…
happening now  speaking on the house floor about the opioid crisis 
this tax day marks the last time you ll have to file taxes under our old  outdated system  our taxreform makes fil…
i m proud that my bill had bipartisan support  this is a common sense bill that will allow the  nlemuseum to honor…
rt  whitehouse  today we honor the hard work and ethic of the american people who have forged a nation of strength and opportunity 
thank you to the  dserotary for hosting me this morning  topics of discussion included  va   commercial trade  immig…
don t forget  tomorrow is national prescription drug take back day   katyisdpolice will have a collection site at t…
rt  vp  50 years ago today  dr  king s life was tragically cut short - but that did not stop his immortal words  his courageous example and…
still reviewing new tax bill  so far  it looks to provide relief to middle class   my ultimate goal  learn more 
rt  vp  today we paid a debt of gratitude & honor for the life & ministry of one of the greatest americans of the past century  the revere…
rt  jonshainman  getting set to host the  theaward for  repbrianmast district 18  next generation leaders 
my older brother  rev  sam smucker  will deliver the opening prayer in the u s  house as today s guest chaplain  re…
rt  gopoversight    tgowdysc  the devastating statistics may leave us feeling like we just left the starting line  but our country is resil…
rt  abcfoxmt  please rt this a m b e r alert  sandy moore  16  is still missing ---&gt 
now we are hearing from dr  rick snyder on how obesity impacts heart health and can lead to cardiovascular disease …
more great news for kentuckians → thanks to the tax cutsand jobs act   dukeenergy will deliver  38 million in tax sav…
rt  nygovcuomo  today representatives  nitalowey and  reppeteking came together in a bipartisan fashion and introduced legislation to fully…
  potus made the right choice to stand for religious liberty  rt if you believe people can freely exercise religiou…
i encourage everyone to watch senator  randpaul discuss the current spending bill on the senate floor right now  su…

watch today s markup on the farm bill live  ag  al03 
north korea recently announced that it is suspending nuclear and long-range missile tests  this is a positive devel…
rt  toddstarnes  thank you  repdlamborn for standing up for christians in the military  todd starnes show
stopped by the cinco ranch public library with commissioner andy meyers and constable wayne thompson for the fort b…
this has been a massive shift from what expectations were two years ago  we re finally seeing growth we haven t see…
this afternoon the house approved an fy18 spending agreement supported by president trump  here s why i voted for i…
washington is a mess  there is nonstop news coverage of the comings and goings of people in various positions  my f…
icymi  this week i introduced a bill to help puerto rico begin to rebuild their communities & infrastructure 
today  i pressed egyptian pres  alsisiofficial on ongoing and escalating abduction of coptic christian girls  investigation is needed 
was great to visit with  hasc  chairman thornberry and secretary mattis about some of the…
rt  houseagnews    repgoodlatte  americans enjoy the safest  most abundant and most affordable food supply in the world  our bill expands f…
rt  aasahq  thank you  repryancostello for your commitment to supporting public schools  which serve 90% of our nation s students  publi…
as our threats change  the us must maintain its soft power missions & that starts w/ our humanitarian response via…
karen and i would like to extend our deepest prayers to barbara bush and her entire family during this time 
rt  mflaction  protecting nurses  conscience  a non-negotiable in the final fy 2018 spending bill - by  repdianeblack
happy national internship awareness month  being an intern can lead to great things  look no further than a few of o…
rt  stevescalise  two facts  1  at 20 weeks  an unborn child can feel pain  2  tonight   senatedems voted against a measure to prevent abor…
saddened to hear about the events in sutherland springs  texas today  the victims and their families need our prayers 
 paulaorrino hi paula  properly regulated pay day loans mean people don t suffer the  higher  expense of a bounced…
 bdole1234 🤦🏻‍♂️ voted for the omnibus
rt  stevescalise  great news →  mcdonalds is expanding tuition benefits for its employees because of tax reform 
congress is about to vote on a  1 6 trillion funding bill  privately written by congressional leaders  still yet to…
a weak border has consequences for the whole country
learn more about my medicare red tape relief project  ⬇️⬇️⬇️
rt  cspan  house  financialcmte hearing on cryptocurrency markets – live online here 
rt  emchargers  representative jackie walorski visited emhs today to talk with mrs  hartman s students about their work in the econ challen…
at 12 30 pm  replizcheney will be managing the combined rule for h r  2910  h r  2883 & h r  218  watch live on  cspan 
rt  ccdes_beauc  some of our folks from  ccdes had the opportunity to provide a tour of the new law enforcement training building to  teren…
this vote series marks the end of today s debate on  hr4   join us tomorrow for the second date of debate and the f…
i visited the birches assisted living in clarendon hills to discuss ways to protect social security and medicare fo…
watch  i spoke on the house floor on the importance of reining in federal spending and the need for a balanced budg…
the tax cutsand jobs act is pro-family legislation  ✔ expands the child tax credit from  1 000 to  2 000 ✔ preser…
yesterday i discussed the recent attack on our soldiers in niger on  bbcnews 
how is the federal government leveraging artificial intelligence to make government better  find out today 📺⬇️
more than 1/3 of america s national parks are battlefields  cemeteries  and other sites that honor our military vet…
at 2 pm  the transportation  hud subcommittee  chaired by  mariodb  holds a hearing on the fy19 budget for  fhagov…
our service academies are premiere institutions  designed to educate  train  and inspire the next generation of mil…
the irs has a list of popular tax scams called the  dirty dozen   the list is compiled annually to keep the public…
as a former president of the board of directors for  pcaky  i am proud to help recognize april as national child ab…
  flgovscott  puerto rico should get statehood 
 longtabsigo whatever he does  he does with the acquiescence of the majority of our party 
rt  pryan   rt  if you agree  we need to fix our tax code and make it fairer to american workers  families  and businesses 

op-ed  the intelligence community  here and abroad  has gina haspel s back  here s why 
ready to build on what we ve accomplished in 2018   potus
rt  housegop  breaking news → the house just passed the final tax cutsand jobs act  2059more taxreform
our third place winner of the  fl27  congressional art competition is giancarlo busto from  maszeldaglazer  he s got…
books unlock new worlds & help spark our imagination  they are a door to the unknown  teaching us history & allowin…
rt  usmc_legaffairs  tbt to last season s evening parade honoring these congressional marines  reppaulcook   repjackbergman  &  repcarbaja…
50 years ago  dr  martin luther king jr  was tragically assassinated in memphis  today  we honor and remember his…
rt  cspan  house  rulesreps meets on concealed carry – live on c-span3   cspanradio & online here 
  repbyrne in  alreporter →  the average family of four in southwest alabama is expected to see a total tax cut of…
honored to receive the  uschamber spirit of enterprise award for our work to reduce the regulatory burden  pass the…
appreciate  conway_chamber and business leaders coming together to talk about ways we can better improve and serve…
rt  ssnalerts  house passes  vernbuchanan s proposal to send  8 million to  noaa to fight red tide  s s nalerts say…
rt  grpress  your guide to voting in tuesday s election in the grand rapids area
tonight at 7 00 pm → senator tim scott and i will be live on set with  marthamaccallum on  foxnews discussing our n…
rt  houseappropsgop  tune in at 10 am   tomcoleok04 chairs a lhhs subcommittee hearing on the fy19 budget for  usedgovz  betsydevosed testi…
this small business week we recognize entrepreneurs across the country & throughout the 36th district who contribute…
rt  drchamber  distinguished leaders of our north texas congressional delegation at our annual congressional forum drccf17
trade agreements have been vital to growing ag and the  ne03  economy  it is vital we do no harm to existing agre…
the  fy18ndaa  is about more than authorizing funding - it is about providing the very best for the men and women in harms way 
rt  housegop  these are the real results of tax reform  ✓ u s  unemployment rate is at in lowest levels in 20 years ✓ wages for small busin…
 2  in addition  the tax cuts and jobs act institutes a lower tax rate for businesses  incentivizing local companie…
the countless lives lost in the brutal attack against our country and the heroes who responded will never be forgot…
this most recent un investigation should serve as a cautionary tale to the obama admin when engaging with iran 
social security needs more than just a plan to fix this – it needs real leadership  this is in large part a management problem 
find out more at or by texting  tax reform  to 50589
today  realdonaldtrump went to new hampshire to announce his plan to combat the opioidcrisis – which extends from…
live  cyber operations today  preparing for 21st century challgnes in an information-enabled society - hasc hearin…
9 4 million businesses in america are owned by women  women  too  are the faces of tax reform  our plan helps every…
congrats to my friend and colleague  rep_stevewomack on casting his 5 000th consecutive vote  arkansas is blessed t…
happy 199th birthday to our great state of illinois  this picture is of a map produced in 1818  the same year illi…
on friday  i joined constituents at a reenactment of the town of wilton s very first town meeting 200 years ago  i…
rt  houseforeign  very strong statement from the white house on the conflict in south sudan  the fighting and oppression must end  –er
making great progress on tax reform  code simplification and tax cuts for middle class families will help jumpstart economy sayfie
just announced  next wednesday  the subcommittee on economic opportunity will hold a hearing on how loan churning p…
today marks the beginning of holocaust days of remembrance  congress established these days to honor the resilience…
the role of speaker is hard & treacherous   speakerryan initially did not seek the position but was reluctantly dra…
today at 1 04pm central will talk to  wilkowmajority re  the leaked list of mueller s written questions  tune in t…
rt  dcexaminer  just in  fbi won t seek out messages from peter strzok  lisa page exchanged on personal devices htt…
the response from the obama administration has effectively been nothing 
my statement on today s announcement regarding offshore drilling 
rt  netanyahu  i met today with bipartisan house leadership  among them was house maj  whip  stevescalise  who recently returned to congres…
surveyed irma damage with  sarasotasheriff  focus now is making sure florida gets disaster aid it needs sayfie
rt  gopleader  finally  the defense funding we need ⬇️
today i voted for the omnibus in the house  this bill includes a number of provisions which will help iowans by reb…
rt  houseappropsgop  live   10 30 am   congculberson presides over the fy19 budget hearing for  thejusticedept  attorney general sessions t…
every hockey player s dream - my beautiful wife jacquie and i hanging out with lord stanley  looking forward to see…
rt  jasoncalvi   republicans are being offered a false choice today  either support the military or maintain fiscal discipline  i am disapp…
today we learned that best buy customers may have had their personal payment information exposed due to a breach of…
as we work to reform our broken tax code  let us know what is important to you 
rt  housegop  rt to agree →  housedemocrats need to quit the double-talk on the 2018 farm bill  this is too important for them to use in the…
today we honor those who have held our nation s highest office and reflect upon their leadership
rt  houseappropsgop  the house just passed a bill that will provide  36 5 billion in emergency funding for hurricane and wildfire response…
proud to help pass bipartisan legislation to ensure that with a new tax code comes a new  irs  that exists to serve…
discussed health care & the supreme court s decision on the president s travel order on  msnbc this morning 
joining  earlbrooker on  newstalkwtaq at 7 43am ct to talk news of the day  listen live here 
during mental health awareness month  we raise awareness of mental illness & lift the stigma associated w/ it to help…
powerful testimony in this morning s labor  hhs subcommittee on advocating for down syndrome medical research 
i applaud president trump s bold leadership putting iran  and its regional proxies  on notice and demanding that th…
today  mylene and i mourn the passing of our beloved friend and la grande native  ray baum  people from oregon to o…
wishing  flotus a quick recovery  get well soon 
will be speaking on house floor in just a few moments in support of hr 4924 and making congressional hush fund payments public 
rt  vp  pleased the house will consider important bipartisan right to try legislation tomorrow  this bill is about restoring hope & giving…
1  did the fbi pay christopher steele  author of the dossier 
 nicoleducouer  ifbsolutions  abilityonebsc i would be honored  my younger brother has rp and i d like to know more about  ifbsolutions 
i agree with the  sigarhq   building up the afghan forces is a top priority for the u s  and our international alli…
this morning congress passed a bipartisan bill to fund our troops & repeal obamacare s dangerous  ipab  panel  we ans…
the house just passed the bipartisan stop school violence act to make schools safer  read my statement here –&gt …
it is time those involved pay the price  i welcome these indictments and the demonstration of the due process provi…
it was great meeting with advocates from the national association of veterans  program administrators  navpa  from…
  hurdonthehill  the total veteran population currently stands at 20 million people – 20 million of our fellow citi…
thanks to the  cafarmbureau for stopping by my washington office to discuss immigration and central valley agricult…
rt  successfulfarm   our farmers and folks working in agriculture feed and sustain the world  and it s only right we take steps to support…
rep  griffith s statement on house passage of mental health bill -  hr2646 
rt  krtv   repryanzinke  conawaytx11 here is the video 
small biz sat is coming  make sure to shop small on nov  25th and support the small businesses that unite our southe…
rt  voiceofpeedee  the company also increased the starting wage for all hourly associates in the u s  to  11 per hour  along with   
rt  speakerryan  he s failing to act on iran—again 
happening now  questioning robert patterson  acting administrator of the drug enforcement administration  dea   on…
today i was proud to help launch the new bipartisan health care innovation caucus in congress with my fellow foundi…
always great to visit blount county for the covered bridge festival  as the county celebrates its history & three r…
thanks  leoshane  as chairman  i am proud to lead the debate  watch the  fy19ndaa  markup live here …
strengthening our border security systems and fully supporting agents along the border are the…
ap   january wages rose at the fastest pace in more than eight years  
happening now  the  natresources subcommittee on federal lands is holding a hearing on my bill  the camp nelson her…
rt  yestongs  supporters are lining up this morning to say yes to n g s
rt  jessoiarec  thanks  repjohncurtis for supporting small businesses like  nemoequipment at today s hearing on travel and tourism   houses…
almost 30 years after the fall of the berlin wall  and many attempts by the u s  to become international partners w…
ups is one of hundreds of american companies benefiting from the tax cutsand jobs act and passing those benefits to t…
h r  4607 the comprehensive regulatory review act passed the house today by a bipartisan vote of 264-143 
atf will be helping with the investigation into how the fire started 
rt  ntu  by reducing compliance costs through taxreform americans will save  13 billion and 210 million hours of paperwork and reduce the…
thank you to the more than 15 800  va05  residents who joined our third telephone town hall meeting of 2018  you can…
rt  officialsps  new leaders announced for 2018-2019 school year  bret range  tracy daniels and josh holt  s p slea…
read  chairman  repkevinbrady s statement on  potus  plan to lower drug prices ➡️
  transport hearing on the  whitehouse infrastructure proposal begins in about 10 minutes  you can watch it online…
p a15 proud has never been more appropriate than for brigadier general anna mae hays  an exemplary patriot and pennsylvanian 
rt  wjcl22tori  today   repsanfordsc responds to reports president trump called haiti and african countries  sh*thole countries    wjclnews…
rt  foxbusiness    replukemesser led nomination of  potus for nobel peace prize   the only reason that the evil north korean dictator has c…
 angrynidaho  thejohnsonpost i voted against it  i wanted reform and have been consistently on the side of frank church on these issues 
usda is holding disaster assistance & hurricane irma recovery workshops in 48 fl counties for farmers & ranchers 
over the next couple of weeks  i ll be answering questions on twitter q&a  tweet your questions using ask brad wenstrup
in a community like magnolia  oil is big business for small business  liberty supply is one of those small business…
 god s mercy and grace give me hope—for myself  and for our world   —  billygraham  whose hope has now turned to sight
update  over 75% of participants have said they oppose the schumer shutdown  if you have not yet done so  vote here…
it sure looks like james comey misled congress and the american people--at times under oath  here are 5 questions d…
wishing you a happy easter 
cosponsored the protecting internet freedom act to stop obama from giving away control of the internet   repseanduffy internet giveaway
rt  aliceollstein  only a handful of republicans voted no on the tax bill  including ca rep   darrellissa  who released a statement saying …
i m hosting another live conference meeting on thursday from 6 45 pm to 7 45 pm for you to ask questions about impo…
thankful this great group of commerce elementary third graders let me join their class this week to talk about the…
the tax cutsand jobs act promotes more jobs  fairer taxes  and bigger paychecks  learn more at
proud to be honored by mayor sylvester turner and the city of houston today 
congratulations to  pd_furniture on your new showroom & production facility  thank you for your work in the communi…
 happeningnow   hearing on restoring the trust for families and working-age americans 
rt  houseappropsgop  at 2 pm  the transportation  hud subcommittee  chaired by  mariodb  holds a hearing on the fy19 budget for  fhagov and…
a small victory in the faa reauthorization act  my amendment allows airports to construct storage facilities to she…
rt  vp  the miracle of israel is an inspiration to the world  and the united states of america is proud to stand with israel and her people…
yesterday we all were deeply saddened by the evil attack in parkland  fl  watch my weekly address for my full remar…
on this day in 1910  the 1st seaplane took off from water at martinique  france  the pilot was henri fabre 
the iran deal fails to prevent iran from testing ballistic missiles and does not address iran s role as the world s…
 icymi   i introduced a bill w/  tomohalleran this week to help tribes in nm & across the nation overcome difficulti…
got a great tour & met with the leadership team/employees of the international food protection training institute  …
hiked mount timpanogos on sat  this is why i live in utah  
rt  ivankatrump  this is an important day in the fight against human trafficking as this bipartisan legislation officially becomes law  tha…
nice piece in the washington post on  why you should visit boise 
last night i discussed president trump s airstrike in syria on fox 25 kokh 
time is running out for  ny21  high school artists to submit their artwork to the congressional art competition  for…
yesterday was the groundbreaking ceremony for the austin regional clinic in pflugerville  i m glad a member of my s…
what an inspirational moment   cspanvl
best part of my day is visiting with constituents  this morning  i had the honor of speaking with a navy veteran wh…
thanks to the employees at the walmart in brunswick for a great visit yesterday  we discussed the benefits of the t…
if a teacher wants to skillfully & safely arm themselves  let them  if a teacher doesn t want to then don t make them 
happy birthday and semper fi to my fellow marines   ca08 
reminder  deadline for congressional art competition submissions is april 20th   va01 
thank you  austinhatch30 for sharing your story at today s youth leadership summit at  gvsu and discussing that how…
in about 5 mins  tune in to  foxnews  happeningnow 
tax day tax cutsand jobs act
it s unacceptable that senate democrats targeted a provision in the tax cut bill that would have helped two million…
congratulations to these new inductees into the eastern idaho agriculture hall of fame  each of these individuals h…
tonight s unprecedented announcement shows  realdonaldtrump s peace through strength strategy with north korea is w…
rt  uscapitol  our staff preserves and maintains the historic buildings  monuments  art and gardens on the capitol campus  📣 to each of our…
in recent months  wildfires & hurricanes have wreaked havoc on america  today  the house passed legislation to help 
rt  senjohnmccain  i greatly appreciate the outpouring of support - unfortunately for my sparring partners in congress  i ll be back soon …
to move forward w/ oil & gas drilling in atlantic   interior should hear directly from south jersey residents what…
rt  foxnews  rev  billy graham lies in honor at capitol rotunda
rt  cqnow  photosofthe week the entire alaska congressional delegation  from left   sendansullivan  repdonyoung  lisamurkowski speak to a g…
meeting with brain aneurysm advocates and survivors -- support more research 
thanks to  ndn for highlighting gloria s leadership  passion  and kindness  we are fortunate to have her in our com…
with the help of over 100 advocates  i introduced a resolution recognizing the importance of the upper delaware riv…
rt  pacificforum  adm  lloyd r   joe  vasey s bill  which directs the  natlparkservice and the nonprofit pacific historic parks to create a…
about to go live on  cnn  cnnnewsroom with  anacabrera to discuss russia 
my first read of the day 
i wrote in  theoklahoman about the stakes of this election – the supreme court & roughly 4 000 political appointees…
rt  dctrno    repwesterman has always been a real advocate of  armathsciarts  and it s great of him to show some of our students around the…
as we recognize the 76th anniversary of this attack  let us never forget the ultimate price many in the greatest ge…
3% gdp growth last quarter  means more jobs  more money for working families  more hope in future  tax reform will make it even better  
rt  cr  rep   jim_jordan   omnibus  may be the worst bill i have seen  via  chriscpandolfo
rt if you agree → it s time to fully fund our military  utpol
we all know it  tax day shouldn t be like this  that s why we passed the tax cutsand jobs act to bring more jobs  fai…
this is tax reform that let s you keep more of your money  this is tax relief for all  learn more …
i was not with my colleagues on the train that was in an accident this morning  but i m praying for everyone involv…
headed to testify at the judiciary committee 
rt  transport  read the opening statements from  replobiondo  https //t co/rbpc94jswe  and  reploubarletta  https //t co/vjlkzdeqtb  on h r…
rt  chelseabrentzel   it is high time that the senate change their rules so that they can get on with doing the people s business in washin…
tax reform
rt  usdotfra  did you know  over half of all public crossings in the u s  are active crossings  check out  olinational s resources to lear…
i m saddened to hear about the homes lost in the fire in elbert county today  praying for those people who were imp…
it was so great to meet with the garden club of america members  thank you for what you do in educational outreach …
thanks to  ferenstein for highlighting some of my efforts to champion innovation policy - it has been an honor to w…
the house is debating several bills aimed at enhancing protections against identity theft  including reissuing soci…
many americans save for years to try and become homeowners but burdensome regulations prevent them from buying a ho…
important hearing this afternoon  take a look at the thread to learn more about the 8 bills we re considering 
good morning  in05   speaking with tim & ed on  1400wbat about the speaker s announcement to retire at the end of th…
hey china  stifling voices like zhu yufu s does not silence their cries nor weaken their cause  release him and all…
rt  kilmeade    repdesantis seeking to declassify memo on reported abused by fbi  doj during the campaign  watch the full interview on  fox…
the house is considering a continuing resolution that includes  659b for our military and extends funding for commu…
rt  bryanstirling   repjeffduncan thank you for talking w/captain johnson about contraband cell phones yesterday & why they are so dangerou…
voting is open  check out this year s congressional art competition submissions and vote for your favorite 
  merica1861 thanks for your question  check out ask buddy
icymi 
rt  foxnews    jim_jordan   what  devinnunes and the republicans have said is  look  there was no collusion  no coordination  between the t…
so proud of my staff member  matthew key  matthew is a veteran and avid volunteer at ft  hood  he recently was hono…
great meeting today with corelogic to learn more about their innovations in natural hazard risk management  their t…
on this day in 1797  the first  usnavy ship  the uss united states  launched in philadelphia  pa 
meeting in washington with nassau and suffolk police and fire officials to ensure interoperability of public safety…
do you know a veteran that needs help receiving the benefits they deserve  bring them to our annual…
this morning   ustreasury secretary  stevenmnuchin1 is addressing the  financialcmte  watch live 
rt  repstefanik  we discussed the ways millennials are changing the workforce and how companies are adapting to the unique skill sets of t…
wishing a very special happy birthday to my wonderful wife of 38 years  sidney   i thank my god every time i think…
rt  cbseveningnews  now  anthonymasoncbs speaks with rep   tgowdysc  chairman of the house oversight committee
rt  foxnews  rep   jim_jordan   the american people deserve to know the framework  the scope of an investigation into the president they el…
i m on my way over to columbia high school where a student group  chs speaks  is hosting a community event about sc…
the us should stand by the kurds  would be tragic if we allowed kurds to be steamrolled by forces who have american blood on their hands 
it s ridiculous for dag rod rosenstein and fbi dir  wray to claim they are doing their best to comply with the hous…
last week  crediting the recent tax reform law   mcdonalds announced a  150 million investment through the archways…
relations between vietnam & the u s  have come a long way since the end of the vietnam war  our strong bilateral pa…
congrats to the genoa hs wrestling team and all of the individual wrestlers that won state titles this past weekend…
about to go  live  on  foxnews with  juliebanderas  tune in 
increasing fuel costs place significant burdens on low and middle income families  yet sacramento imposed additiona…
  realdonaldtrump choice of mike pompeo as secretary of state will provide him a clear assessment of prevailing thr…
please join me in praying for this community & supporting our local law enforcement that runs toward the sound of g…
rt  reploudermilk  watch my questioning of  federalreserve chair jerome powell in the house  financialcmte   cnbc
  repcurbelo welcomed  mdcps educator dale adamson  a  milken educator award recipient  to washington this week  cu…
we looked at what flexibility we offered   in 2014 we made year round flexibility for the entire firm  terrimcclements  pwc_llp g o p future
trump announces john bolton as next national security advisor
got weekend plans  in honor of national park week  i encourage  ga10  to spend some time in the great outdoors  head…
congrats to amelia madarang  nathan chen & kristen stilin  winners of the congressional stem app competition for so…
rt  wowofortwayne  icymi   repjimbanks recaps  potus elkhart rally with  wowocharly
rt  housejudiciary    repgoodlatte  house judiciary committee has been working very hard on bipartisan criminal justice reform this year  …
even if the  bba  fails to receive the supermajority support it needs to be sent to the states for ratification  hol…
giving testimony on my bill   hr3668  before the federal lands subcommittee   natresources  ca08 
i have requested that my pay be withheld until an appropriations agreement has taken effect and this government shu…
wishing everyone celebrating in  ca45  a happy vaisakhi 
 sagecommunity in wenatchee is doing incredible work providing resources for trauma victims in our community  i was…
the tax cutsand jobs act  ☑ bold reforms that put more money in the pockets of american workers ☑ policies that e…
watch my veterans history project hand-off live tomorrow 12 30 pdt / 3 30 edt here 
your  fl18  staff will be available in fort pierce today if there s anything we can help with - medicare  the va  so…
1 in 5 crashes in texas involve distracted driving - this is not ok  during nat l distracted driving awareness mont…
proud to cosponsor this legislation to save lives and look forward to voting with  reptomemmer in favor of it on th…
rt  financialcmte  chairman  rephensarling statement on gary cohn resignation ↓
attn  126 nominations for opportunity zones have been submitted for co  these zones will encourage new investment a…
great story in  politico for  tvt   as a co-chair of the congressional veterans jobs caucus  it s great to read abou…
yesterday i had the pleasure of joining fort gordon s general morrison at the cyber center of excellence new years…
icymi  williamson county  sheriffchody and i highlight the importance of preparation and training for active shoote…
americans should be able to purchase from a private market for flood insurance  the 21st century flood reform act …
be sure to celebrate national park week by visiting one of colorado s incredible national parks for free this saturd…
join my staff in decorah next week   ia01 
tomorrow  the transportation committee will welcome  secelainechao to examine the administration s infrastructure p…
congrats on 51 years  carlene 
rt  nikkihaley  congratulations to our new secretary of state and my dear friend  mike pompeo  u s strong 🇺🇸
rt  necga   uplandcounty s group had a great visit with  repadriansmith this afternoon to cap off the first day  we appreciate the congress…
rt  vapubschoolopt  thank you  repmgriffith for meeting with va families from  pubschoolops to talk school choice today  i trust parents htt…
rt  housegop  rt to agree → rebuilding our military and supporting our troops is one of the highest priorities of congress 
join me now on  squawkcnbc  cnbc  we are talking about  bankinggop  financialcmte & what s next 
rt  melikamaria  congressman  jim_jordan was on the train headed to greenbrier  he is safe 
today starts national parks week  in honor of the week  all our national parks are free today including  oh14… 
tell us what you think congress should do to reform the u s tax code here 
we need taxreform bc our broken tax code perpetuates stagnant wages
rt  foxnews    repkevinbrady   we shouldn t settle for just an excellent start  we think we ought to break the culture in washington… we th…
the iran deal was a terrible agreement for the u s  we must hold the corrupt iranian regime more accountable  & pro…
rt  abcpolitics  new  34 house republicans urge speaker ryan to put a  permanent solution  for dreamers on the floor  before the end of the…
 darkness cannot drive out darkness  only light can do that  hate cannot drive out hate  only love can do that   -d…
 calea_org accreditation promotes community confidence in public safety through effective & judicious management principles l e task force
  repjeffdenham is exactly right–for too long the necessary planning to build a stronger water future has been negl…
thanks to pro-growth policies like tax reform the u s  budget saw a surplus of  218 billion last month  you can lea…
icymi   mornings with mike  event dates for may  come visit us if in the dc area   al03… 
yesterday  i had the opportunity to meet with representatives from the save the children action network to discuss…
 troutunlimited thanks for the support 
rt  garywhite13   repdennisross blasts relief package   floridians have been kicked to the curb in this proposed disaster supplemental  whi…
the demand for skilled workers in  wi08  continues to grow  which is why having resources  like the brown county job…
 ldtc17  happening now – watch here 
 barbara bush was a remarkable woman  who lived a life of strength  dignity  and service to others  her commitment…
rt  repkevinbrady  great to talk with  genevievewood at the  dailysignal earlier this week about america s new found optimism post tax refo…
earlier this week  i had the opportunity to visit fort belvoir where i received an update on the progress being mad…
spent morning w utah natl guard  i love these warriors  to all of them   thank you for your service   p/s i miss f…
rt  wjbc    rodneydavis welcomes walkouts  students  deserve to be heard  
tune in today as facebook ceo mark zuckerberg appears before the  senatecommerce &  senjudiciary committees  the am…
rt  nikiinthehouse   while every institution must wrestle with how best to change its culture and do right by victims   systemic changes in…
he said  there s no question there is a risk of that 
released with classified information redacted 
rt  scipolaps  thursday thanks to  repmikebishop from  scipolaps team michigan  we appreciate your support for  nih  &  nsf  funding   fasebh… 
rt  lamarsmithtx21  rep  smith  h r  2262  the s p a c eact  provides the boost america s private space partners need as they lead the world i…
it s m s awareness week and i m wearing this ribbon for all those living with ms and for their loved ones  thanks to…
because of these tough choices and a commitment to be good stewards of the taxpayers  dollar  we were able to accel…
rt  secretarysonny  glad to see  repgosar during visit to  azagriculture  we talked about issues important to him and arizona  proper fores…
this week  the house is considering my bill to repeal one of the worst parts of obamacare  read more here 
happy thanksgiving to you and yours
the global war on terror is far from over but our warriors & families deserve a place to reflect  starsandstripes
while i strongly support the increased funding for our military  i could not in good conscience vote for the omnibu…
the hearing on the make america secure & prosperous appropriations act has started  watch live on  cspan or here 
on floor to recap my visit to speak on nutrition programs at the anti hunger policy conference farmers feed nutrition matters
yesterday s listening session in mn on the next farm bill was another great opportunity for  houseagnews  icymi 
november is military family appreciation month  a time to recognize & honor military families for their sacrifices…
 carlresists  americorps  seniorcorps
  northropgrumman s selection of san antonio for their new military cyber center will foster tech innovation & job…
today we remember the life of dr  martin luther king jr  on this 50th anniversary of his death  we reflect on the m…
on this day 1931  the  star spangled banner  written by francis scott key  is adopted as the american national anthe…
  usrepgarypalmer  we want people to prosper and the key to that is work   gopoversight  snap  2018 farm bill
on independence day  we remember what it means to be an american via  housegop
130 house members sent a letter to the federal communications commission   fcc   today addressing long-term funding…
  repdesantis  since coming into office almost a year ago now  president trump has made great strides in the war against isis 
rt  housescience  release   housescience chair  lamarsmithtx21 statement on the second meeting of the national space council →
rt  speakerryan  senator schumer  do not shut down the federal government  do not jeopardize funding for our military and for our nation…
look seriously at the bigger picture  what we re going to do to communities like pleasants county  west virginia –…
it was great to meet with you and other  nrca  members from  oh07  yesterday  wayne 
historic borinqueneers gold medal ceremony set for april 13th
 ohiocornwheat thank you  always great to be with ohio farmers   oh12 
rt  facethenation  gowdy on retiring from congress   i would just rather be in the justice system 
my heart hurts for her husband of 72 years  former president george bush  and for all of the bush family  i am conf…
today  on the centennial of us entry into  wwi   we pause 2 remember the brave souls  incl 140k new jerseyans  who fought in the great war
there are 42 cosponsors of rep   justinamash s  fisa702  amendment  all listed in this thread  we re thrilled to wor…
it was awesome getting to join the cameron high school history bowl team for lunch this afternoon  they gave me a r…
rt  foxbusiness    repscottperry   we want to fund the military  but you can t ask the american people to fund another 13% increase on wash…
urging  jeffbezos to choose columbus as the second amazon headquarters  winner of the smart city challenge  and a…
this national police week  we honor those who have lost their lives in the line of duty  thank you to all of the bra…
i was glad to welcome  yh_college s sam gaston to the capitol while he interns in washington this semester   ga09 
rt  whitehouse  watch the  sotu  live alongside tweets from key trump administration accounts here 
rt  aarpga_advocacy  looking forward to  aarpga financial forum tonight featuring  senatorisakson &  reptomprice  still time to register ht…
joined a roundtable with  nahbhome members to discuss the economic challenges and opportunities for la home builder…
drug takeback day has been a useful tool as we seek to curb the growing epidemic of prescription opioid abuse  havi…
please take advantage of the take back day on saturday  it s a safe way to get rid of your old rx s & prevent abuse…
before heading back to oh-14  i was able to meet with constituents in town for a capitol tour  including johnstown…
rt  russcanread  my latest piece on  peterroskam s new bill to strengthen the iran deal after trump s ultimatum 
finishing up votes & headed back to south jersey  look forward to this month s meeting w/ youth advisory council in…
rt  hascrepublicans  for 55 straight years congresses of both parties have passed an ndaa - chairman  mactxpress kicks off debate on the co…
of course  when small businesses are strong  america is strong 
the opioidcrisis is taking a toll on every community in america  the fight against this epidemic is a team effort …
rt  riskrewardfbn    repdougcollins on andrew mccabe stepping down from the fbi   it should ve happened a long time ago  they have corrupt…
important information here for those in guilford and rockingham counties that were impacted by the 4/15 tornado and…
rt  foxnews  french president  emmanuelmacron addresses a joint meeting of congress 
soft 
today  republicans in congress followed through on our promise to modernize the tax code and provide tax relief for…
today  3 americans who were recently imprisoned in north korea will be able to return home to their family  friends…
under the new tax code  the standard deduction jumps up to  12 000 for individuals and  24 000 for married couples …
i know a thing or two about how students can remain engaged in their intellectual pursuits  regardless of financial…
today  february 6th  is franklin county s 200th birthday  happy birthday franklin county  it s an honor to serve th…
today we honor the service of the over 83 000 americans who are missing in action from conflicts dating back to wwi…
good news for erie  along with butler  new castle  and sharon  glad this exciting pro-growth revitalization prog…
thankfully  with  potus  leadership we have eliminated more red-tape regulations that have stifled our economy and growth   sotu2018 
heartbroken to hear san diego firefighter cory iverson passed away while fighting the recent ca wildfires  a true h…
 valessondra11 just stopping by - say hi next time 
this thursday  march 1 around 5 45pm  i m hosting a teletown hall for citizens of chowan & perquimans counties  to…
as we approach the new year  it is important i hear from my constituents about the issues and policies most critica…
 millennials care about having flexibility in their careers   google g o p future
about to go live with  kilmeade  foxandfriends on  foxnews  tune in 
rt  reprichhudson  american taxpayers are saying 👋 to the old  complicated  and horrible tax code and welcoming a simpler tax code that let…
i m live with jeff bolton filling in for  markdavis to discuss my efforts to protect our students and keep our camp…
cpa   american families   tax cuts & jobs act = lower taxes for all 
  iubloomington  our 15 to finish campaign promotes taking 15 credits per semester to graduate in four years and minimize debt  g o p future
it s tax day and we re celebrating because it s the last time taxpayers will ever have to deal with the old  broken…
the bluecut fire has forced the closure of i-15 in both directions  for the latest 
with 6 million open jobs in this country  the education and business communities must work together to cultivate a…
washington high school rotc leading the way  sls2018 
rt  nasa  curious about jupiter s moon europa  here s a look at it by the numbers  🌐1 939 7 miles in diameter 📅a day = 3 551 earth days…
our prayers are with mrs  bush and her family as they wrestle with her failing health  my heart is heavy especially…
rt  speakerryan   potus live → my weekly press conference discussing all of the conservative wins in these just-passed funding bills  watch…
 icymi  i met with the hermiston police department on friday to learn more about their efforts to combat the opioid…
proud to support reformer scott garrett for  eximbankus  just the guy to restore its reputation  my endorsement 
rt  speakerryan  right now  our tax code looks like a block of swiss cheese  full of carveouts and loopholes  our plan puts an end to that …
rt  tregp   the quality of the person really amplified his message    reppittenger told me about  billygraham
today  i introduced an amendment to hr 1 to prohibit tax subsidies for legal settlements related to sexual assault…
joined chuck stokes on  wxyzdetroit to talk about how our tax reform plan will help all americans  especially those…
on national v f w day  let s take a moment to remember the vfws that were impacted by hurricane harvey  this was the v…
new year  new tax code countdown continues  tax cut and jobs act passage means larger paychecks for kansans  an fam…
i outlined several action items  most of which were addressed in the bipartisan bill passed by congress this week  2  
rt  stevenmnuchin1  i applaud  repkevinbrady  peterroskam for calling hearings to emphasize economic growth & job creation as key goals of…
thank you to all of those who donated 
rt  flgovscott  to receive updates from the florida division of emergency management text flprepares to 888777  flsert
happy birthday  uscg   here s to the next 227 years  semper paratus thankyouforyourservice
day 10 for 31 reasons4 tax reform→ america s high corporate tax rate is making it difficult for our businesses to com…
read our request here 
the secret science reform act simply requires the epa to publish the data behind environmental regulations 
rt  housegop  rt to agree → 4 million workers getting bonuses is hardly armageddon 
 steve_rostron not really a party issue  support for the 60 vote rule is strong among the longer serving members of…
blessed by this morning s central arkansas national day of prayer breakfast  appreciate the kiwanis club of north…
the tax cuts and jobs act is pro-woman  moms will be greater helped with the cost of raising children with the doubled child tax credit 
i was proud to recognize 12-year-old lydia moses for her hard work on behalf of seniors and animals in our region …
rt  waysandmeansgop  notice  hearing focused on tax reform policies that will generate economic growth  create jobs  & increase paychecks h…
the fact is taxreform saves an average middle-class family of four more than  2 000  but  nancypelosi wants to tak…
my office is accepting applications for military service academy nominations  here is more info on this opportunity 
in this week s budget digest  we talk about higher education programs  including concepts and principles reflecte…
agriculture is the backbone of america s economy  contributing to at least 8 6% of our gdp & providing us food to p…
read chairman  usreprodney s full floor statement in support of the fy18 omnibus 
icymi  last week i had lunch w/ the dothan rotary club where we discussed many important issues facing our country…
when this legislation is signed into law  we will finally fix an outdated policy and at long last allow all the pie…
tax reform recap  the new code will increase the standard deduction to  12k for individuals and  24k for married co…
may officially marks military appreciation month  please join me in honoring the men and women  both past and prese…
this week  the house will consider the music modernization act - the result of  housejudiciary s comprehensive revie…
today marks the last day you will have to file your taxes under our old  outdated tax code  on tax day next year wi…
remembering our fallen soldiers and their families who made the ultimate sacrifice for our nation and freedom
congress gets closer to sending president trump a landmark pro-growth tax reform bill by the end of the year
with diapers and dollars  dallas-fort worth companies help with harvey relief effort
it s time 
thanks  cj_wentz for filling in for  vp during tonight s national prayer breakfast closing dinner 
rt  dankimzeymt  thanks also us rep ryan zinke and caroline boulton for the visit  during a very busy house day  poy16 nassp massp  ryan…
prayers for the people of se texas as they cope w/ the ongoing effects of hurricane harvey  here s how we can help 
incredible news for northeast wisconsin  plexus announced it will repatriate  500 million into the us and give cash…
i had an awesome afternoon with the utd masters of health management class talking about how to control rising heal…
rt  housecommerce  can t miss  max has been a special advocate on the path2 cures  joining us at today s sub health hrg  chairman  repgregw…
deeply saddened to hear of the passing of daniel markus  daniel was always kind  cheerful  and professional in a ch…
rt  villages_news  don t fall victim to medicare scammers
today  we appreciate all the work that nurses do for us  happy national nurses day
10  and why did fbi release only 375/10 000  texts  were they the best  worst  or part of a broader strategy to foc…
audience asks of nancy downing  tamu sane  can you tell us what happens when a victim can t get sane care at the fi…
rt  speakerryan  the  deptvetaffairs needs to be refocused toward effectively serving our nation s heroes  that s why this week  the house…
not only did i learn abt the new atari flashback at  bestbuy  but also more abt each employee receiving a bonus bec…
rt  shopfloornam  georgia manufacturer credits tax reform for helping land the biggest contract in company history  plans investments in ne…
american interests are facing many challenges and opportunities around the globe  senate democrats need to stop pla…
rt  repdesantis  at 2 pm  i will be chairing a  gopoversight national security subcommittee hearing on the  caravan  of foreign nationals e…
rt  aclu  congress is likely to vote on making government spying powers even worse tomorrow — we are urging lawmakers to oppose a bad bill…
rt  bhmsd_supt    repjimbanks took time after the ceremony to speak with our students & teachers  thankful for his leadership  bhmsd 
looking forward to going on the  davidwebbshow at 11 40 am  est  to talk jones act and other things   siriusxmpatriot  tune in    
the benefits of tax cutsand jobs act are already coming in  ✓ at&t will give  1k bonuses to over 200k employees ✓ we…
rt  gopleader  on time and under budget  together with  potus we are making america s infrastructure sturdy again 
rt  marymazzio  thanks to  kevinomccarthy  gopleader  repannwagner  repmimiwalters for unlocking the courthouse doors for survivors of sex-…
today is national prescription drug take back day  learn more about how you can participate  d e a take back
  dcexaminer s  anna_giaritelli   booming economy leads to record-high spring break air travel 
proud to have jennifer garner & mark shriver visiting with us in eastern kentucky today to…
calling all tx-07 high school students  the deadline for the congressional art competition is fast approaching  find…
 mashedpotatojk 😢 gop said we were going to trade reciprocity for fixnics and all we got was fixnics  don t trust these guys 
chairman  drphilroe on the house floor just now  a vote against the continuing resolution is a vote against funding…
rt  lauriebarron  thanks  stevedaines  senatortester  repryanzinke for taking time to meet with montana superintendents today   mtedleaders…
tonight at 6 00  i m hosting a town hall at scottsboro city hall  it s q&a  so you ll drive the discussion  hope to see you there 
today s tax reform good news  mcdonald s -- where i worked myself many years ago -- is investing  150 million in it…
recognizing 3 local borinqueneers on thursday for their historic military service  cgmborinqueneer  foxnewslatino
 mkaufold  kennedynation appreciate you advice  sassywithmassie
the  nfib announced small business optimism is at the 2nd highest level in 45 years  with tax reform came more oppo…
the brave men and women of our nation s law enforcement put their lives on the line every day to keep us safe  this…
in pike county today meeting with their economic development corporation staff and other community leaders 
rt  fednewsradio    repbrianmast opens office inside florida  deptvetaffairs facility  thinks other lawmakers should
rt  repgarretgraves  speaking at an infrastructure week event in front of the capitol  today we stressed the importance and urgency surrou…
pro-growth tax reform is on its way to hardworking  middle-class americans  and it s about time 
no more taxpayer money used to settle sexual harassment cases in congress--my bill passed the…
 governortomwolf remember when the obama administration exempted themselves from the aca but congress didn t 
rt  farenthold  happening now   gopoversight s interior subcommittee hearing   regulatory reform task force check-in  
rt  bgea  the president and first lady laying a wreath down in honor of billy graham 
due to tax cutsand jobs act  utility companies in 39 states are taking savings they re receiving from lower corporate…
a few more pictures from what turned out to be a busy week in dc  great briefings from south…
just in time to help cover bills from christmas  the tax cuts and jobs act will put your money back in your pocket…
rt  grocerymakers  big thank you  repcharliedent for joining us on our 1st groceries power america tour stop to discuss federal policies to…
icymi  this morning i joined  cvpayne on  foxbusiness  varneyco to discuss the latest on qualcomm and north korea …
rt  reptomrice  jobs  jobs  jobs thanks to the tax cutsand jobs act 
today staff attended the  auroraoh1 state of the city led by mayor ann womer benjamin and school superintendent pat…
thanks for mentioning my bill  h r  3976 the access to marketplace insurance act  which removes the handcuffs from…
learn more about the  selfdrive  act here &gt &gt 
the house has passed a bill extending chip for 6 yrs  the extension is the longest extension in the history of chip…
rt  townhallcom  rep  diane black says congress needs to act now on conscience protections for health workers
my bill  the electric reliability and forest protection act  will help streamline hazardous tree removal and wildfi…
great having  addictionpolicy in the office this week  they re on the front lines helping to find solutions to amer…
other people who have jobs don t get to go to work every day and say   i m not going to do my job for weeks until y…
i am always delighted to sit down with my friends from  aipac to discuss my commitment to bolstering our relationsh…
thank you  usagsessions for sending more support to the border  about 84% of asylum claimants never show up for the…
the taxcutsandjobsact repeals obamacare s unpopular and ineffective individual mandate  you will no longer be forc…
the april jobs report has been released  the nation s economy added 164 000 jobs last month  roughly 30 000 more th…
i m excited to announce the american space renaissance act today at the 32nd space symposium   32ss   spacefoundation
rt  mikeofcc  new house bill proposes added  fcc tools to help end pirate radio stations  see my statement on the introduction of the  pir…
here s a great example of cyber security collaboration between allies  interagency partners  and the private sector…
headed to a  houseappropsgop leg branch hearing to examine the house budget and rein in wasteful spending  tune in 
reminder --&gt  today i ll be hosting a facebook live town hall at 3 30pm  i d love for you to join me and submit any…
release the memo --&gt 
rt  transport  who supports h r  4  the better question is who doesn t  from labor groups  to tech companies  pilots associations and saf…
we need to make hearing aids more affordable  these aids reopen the world to seniors struggling to hear  sayfie
our veterans make the ultimate sacrifice for our nation  they put their life on the line so we  here at home  can b…
 people want to see their government working 
chairman  mactxpress  i support the president s decision to undertake this strike together with our allies   2/3 syria crisis
mr  speaker i rise today to recognize the  fwembassy on reaching its 90th birthday  the embassy theatre is a treasu…
 mepfuller matt - you know better than this  they are not offering to give trump money for the wall  their offer au…
a former small business owner herself  chairwoman  virginiafoxx has been talking to business owners who are putting…
chairman  mactxpress is live with  govwaste talking about his proposed reforms of the dod 4th estate - watch here …
proud to support  reprussell s bill to deny sanctions relief for iranian sponsors of terror & human rights abuse
there are many tough issues facing our nation and our best chance at solving them is for members of both parties to…
it was an honor to join  sentoomey to recognize and thank our brave vietnam war veterans from western  pa  for their…
u-haul has announced they are giving  1 200 bonuses for full-time employees and  500 bonuses for part-time employee…
today   10 00   houseappropsgop will mark up the fy19 agriculture approps bill and the energy and water approps bil…
the us house is using a step by step approach for a stable transition to a better healthcare system  update here 
join me for a live discussion on tax reform 
i ll be speaking soon on  hr3668    ca08 
happy to learn that the historic bigelow rosenwald school in perry county will be receiving grant money from…
proud to welcome pastor meyers of  il16  to the  uscapitol today  tune in to  cspan now as i speak on the house floo…
it s important to look at the 340b program with a fresh set of eyes to make sure the program is being utilized for…
when we opened our office inside the  vawestpalmbeach it took a year of cutting through red tape to simply give ou…
rt  fwd_us    repmikecoffman -  the president gave congress 6 months and yet no bill has been debated in committee or on the floor   prote…
as co-chair of the bipartisan task force to end sexual violence  i had the honor of meeting with  mariska &…
tune in to  talk1073 and catch the back half of my weekly check in with kevin and bill  happening now 
it was a pleasure meeting w/ mayors from the sw portion of  tx36   we discussed harvey recovery  tax reform regulato…
discussing our legislation to award civil rights pioneer barbara johns the congressional gold medal for her contrib…
icymi  i teamed up with  google last week for the online safety roadshow in green bay  with 75% of kids owning smar…
hint  it s thanks to california democrats  new gas tax hike that took effect this week
i am grateful  us_fda and  cbp are working together to stop dangerous drugs from entering our country via the mail …
rt  whitehouse   my administration has identified three major priorities for creating a safe  modern and lawful immigration system  fully s…
 1/2  next week  i m hosting two telephone town halls & i hope to hear from many of you  on tuesday  april 3rd at 6…
town of ischua 2 00-3 00pm ischua bingo hall 5634 ny-16 hinsdale  ny 14743
i commend  fcc for cracking down on illegal pirate radio broadcasters  i m working with fellow  housecommerce memb…
approximately 5 000 americans die every month to drug overdoses  & transnational criminal organizations who smuggle…
rt  speakerryan    louiseslaughter was tough  unfailingly gracious  and unrelenting in fighting for her ideas  she was simply great  in her…
as a member of the congressional dairy caucus  i ve proudly supported reforms to support our north country dairy ec…
today three americans  who were wrongfully imprisoned in n korea  are finally returning home to their families  i c…
we appreciate the relationship between the zurich insurance group  the pga tour  and the city of new orleans  this…
rt  pqhh  thank you for your leadership in protecting home health for our seniors   repabraham 
had a great time talking to the students at glenbard north high school today in a wide range of topics - and it was…
rt  housegop  next year  typical families of four earning  73 000 a year will get a tax cut of  2 059  this is real and meaningful savings…
rt  repbeatty  legislative alert  the house will vote on  repannwagner s and my legislation today to help more victims of human trafficking…
icymi  i spoke on the house floor last night to highlight  waysandmeansgop provisions in the house gov t funding bi…
just in  ups announces  12 billion investment plan as a result of taxreform
rt  actualidadradio  actualidad nicaragua  mariodb a  robertortejera  juancamilogg y  msfernandanews   la ley nica pasará    audio  - &gt  h…
yesterday i enjoyed meeting with the ny special olympics to discuss how congress can support their goals  i am impr…
great running into united states air force academy cadet s jessica broll and annalise holland  i had the privilege…
this afternoon i visited with management and toured the impressive facility at the ben e  keith company in elba  i…
rt  uofigovrelation  thank you  peterroskam for supporting the fy18 omnibus bill  this bill increases funding for basic research programs a…
thank you to everyone who tuned in to  wchvnews and joined the conversation during our sixth  va05  interactive town…
baseline budgeting gives household or house of reps ability to adjust for changing priorities  needs and conditions
i recently spoke with  thehill about john bolton  the president s incoming national security advisor  listen here 
this national police week  we honor the courage & selfless service of the men & women in uniform who daily put their…
my family and i are praying for the strength of the former first lady and the bush family during this difficult tim…
had a great meeting with texas electric cooperatives the other day to discuss important energy issues in the state…
the integrity of the fbi is crucial  we deserve to have full access to the information and documents we are entitle…
rt  foxnews    jim_jordan   the american people didn t elect democrats to control the united states congress  they elected republicans   ht…
with the child tax credit increasing to  2 000 per child  working parents will see additional help with the day-to-…
rt  ceaorg  gosar talking about reaching millennials   we have to start going on th offense  we spend too much time defending and if you re…
rt  jhsph_chs  final segment and hotwash of our clade x pandemic exercise begin shortly  watch the livestream here 
enjoyed breakfast with ocala s assoc of insurance & financial advisors  thank you for what you do & being a strong…
honored to receive an award from society for maternal-fetal medicine for efforts to improve life for moms and babie…
u s  farm exports support more than 1 million jobs and generate more than  300 billion in economic activity …
 this is just 2 0 and i hope that there s 3 0 and 4 0 so that we continue to improve   -chairman  repkevinbrady on…
1/2 happy birthday mom  growing up  april 21st was a school holiday  my mom told me that we didn t go to school bec…
may the peace and love of this joyous sunday be with you and yours today and every day  happy easter 
 dave_sutor can confirm
the use of chemical weapons violates every norm of international diplomacy  and indeed  human decency 
my  tvt  today features modesto native joe dewees  a marine corps combat veteran who served in the south pacific dur…
🕙 starting at 10am   jecrepublicans will discuss taxreform & reviving american entrepreneurship …
skol go vikings  bring it home
icymi  friday i spoke at the  marrch  shared solutions addiction summit  a complex problem will not be solved by a…
march is  redcross month  a time to recognize them for their work since being founded in 1881  thank you for your c…
last call  today is the last day to nominate a vietnam veteran for my heroes of the 8th event in apple valley   ca08 
need help with a federal agency  today  our  va05  team is holding mobile office hours in charlotte  halifax  and…
good news for ga-1  thanks to tax cutsand jobs act several counties in the first district have been designated as fed…
great meeting with the mo state medical association to discuss my work with  realdonaldtrump to advance regulatory…
  childrenstheone i m delighted that you are able to participate and share your expertise with us this morning 
it was great to have lt  clark of the  peoria_police​ stop by yesterday to discuss the benefits of the riss program…
sanctuary states and cities in california should not receive more funds than indiana because they harbor illegal im…
sign up for the 2018 white house easter egg roll lottery begins today  click here for your chance to win tickets to…
to receive the newsletter on monday mornings  sign up at here s a recap of last week in no…
glad  cityofdecaturalmayor tab bowling stopped by my washington office today to discuss further ways he & i can wor…
from the legislature &  govchristie legal strategy to my efforts in congress  our multi-prong multi-year approach p…
as we enter day three of the schumer shutdown  i want those in  nc10  to know my offices are open & staff is availab…
i spent friday meeting with military leaders in panama city  i toured the naval diving and salvage training center…
 thank you so much for helping mount olive receive a mailbox  once again we are truly thankful for the assistance t…
heard from hoosier  nahudotorg members about their important work to strengthen our nation s health care system and…
rt  housevetaffairs  this afternoon  the subcommittee on disability assistance and memorial affairs will review  deptvetaffairs  life insur…
i recently questioned  facebook s mark zuckerberg about biases in their algorithms that could impact what users see…
rt  jimcason  we owe it to the american young people we are sending to war to have a debate about war  wake up congress  we owe it to the n…
hello on a cold and rainy washington d c morning  at 10 00am  the highways and transit subcommittee will hold a hea…
our pets are not simply another piece of cargo  they are members of our family   repmarkmeadows and i sent a letter…
support from the scientific community for the honest act & its principle of transparency to the american people 
today  i had the opportunity to speak to the  lugarseries through the mission of former senator richard g  lugar  w…
rt  speakerryan  our military deserves the best  that s why the 1st bill i signed as speaker was this →
 tvt  thank you to 93-yr-old  usnavy vet robert allenby of newman  ca  his story on flying drones in wwii here 
peter strzok has done so much damage to the ideal of enforcing the law without fear or favor  it is past time for…
rt  housejudiciary  🚨  tgowdysc gaveling in now ⬇️
congress recently passed a bill i ve been pushing—called kevin & avonte s law—that helps protect children w/ autism…
heartbeats mean life  the heartbeat bill is common sense  if you can hear a baby s heart  that baby is alive and sh…
thanks to the west michigan district dental society for hosting today s legislative breakfast  great discussion on…
my statement on the president s announcement he plans to impose steel and aluminum tariffs 
learn more   tlhumanrights
joining  foxnews shortly to talk parkland shooting & immigration  tune in now 
great to hear stories directly from these  oklahoma4h students who are working hard to improve our communities 
israel is our closest and most vital ally in the middle east and the only country in that region to share our democ…
today and every day  my prayer is for unity  may we come together around our shared values  find the courage to rea…
joining  trish_regan at 2 05pm on  foxbusiness to talk about the latest on immigration  tune in 
the great lakes are vital to our way of life in northern michigan 
i was incredibly saddened to hear we lost one of our pennsylvania state troopers yesterday  back the blue
during our last  gopoversight hearing on federalism  i asked utah  govherbert about his thoughts on sanctuary citie…
🚨 right now   waysandmeansgop hearing testimony from american businesses on the impact of section 232 and 301 tarif…
firefighter cancer registry act passes senate help committee -
oh  look   50 billion more  crumbs  
icymi- after additional disaster funding request  i led house action to ensure hurricane victims receive assistance 
rt  speakerryan  our men and women in uniform are not bargaining chips—they are our nation s best and brightest  who put their lives on the…
join me saturday morning at the 2017 mississippi book festival  i will be interviewing my…
today  the house will pass hr 3298 to help wounded uscp officers griner and bailey with recovery costs  thank you to the  capitolpolice
in  thehill  americans deserve  a revolution in higher education affairs focused on raising the number of americans…
big thanks to everyone who came out to mobile office hours in san juan capistrano yesterday  contact my office if i…
abortion is none of these 9
it was an honor to meet opelika resident orrin  broody  brown today who was recognized today…
stem/cte programs are essential  i ve seen  va01  leading as i visited every  stem  and  cte  facility in the district…
opening route 209 is critical for day to day life of thousands of employers  business owners & homeowners in pa 
14  the new york times reported last week that george popadopoulos  loose lips were a catalyst for launching the ru…
rt  chris__kaiser  thrilled to be here for  taasa at  riceuniversity w/  judgetedpoe to discuss sexual assault on college campuses 
rt  mwhcrecruitment   robwittman great forum on the importance of partnering industry with education to train the workforce of the future h…
rt  housescience  today we honor the brave men and women aboard challenger who sacrificed their lives in the name of space exploration 32…
rt  gopleader    potus is right  we owe it to our veterans to give them the best  this executive order will improve veterans  access to men…
great economic news today  but perhaps the  sweetest  is the ground breaking this morning by  hersheycompany on a…
tonight  president trump asked us to pray for our troops as they carry out this mission  along with president trump…
rt  jecrepublicans  the economy exceeded expectations in each quarter last year and we are in a better place every day –chair  reperikpauls…
i had a great breakfast yesterday at granny cantrell s in panama city with several local veterans  if you are a vet…
and asking for his help to find a remedy asap  good news for pacific county  premera renewed their contract with th…
more great news  tax reform continues to deliver more jobs  higher wages and new investments  right here in…
at 10 am  members of congress testify before  mariodb and the transportation/hud subcommittee on their fy19 budget…
congratulations to missouri native  my former chief of staff and good friend seth appleton on his nomination to be…
the sport hunting of endangered african elephants is shameful   potus made right decision to block importation of elephant trophies 
i enjoyed meeting the winner of the 37th annual congressional art competition for  mo07   renee newkirk  along with…
solving our nation s opioid crisis will take a comprehensive strategy  this morning   housecommerce s sub oversight…
happy 215th birthday to the  librarycongress 
happy mother s day to all the hard working moms out there  especially to my wife debbie who helped raise our three…
rt  houseappropsgop  our children deserve to feel safe in their schools  that s why the fy18 omnibus provides more than  2 3 billion in new…
rt  bnthw  bnth w and bhs students participated in a town hall meeting with congressman john carter today 
rt  greenvilledn  congressman  repmoolenaar takes tour of lakeview s  parkerhannifin facility  which recently began expansion from ohio  ht…
 any democrat who spread this claim should delete their tweets     👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼
i have the distinct honor of advocating for eight incredible nationalparks that provide immeasurable cultural  env…
the evansville leadership academy is here to share their knowledge and experiences   sls2018 
i joined with the rest of the colorado congressional delegation in urging the u s  army to place their new futures…
 housecommerce s ted the dog needs adufa & agdufa
in the continuing efforts for transparency i cosponsored a house resolution drafted by  repmattgaetz that calls on…
as we celebrate national small business week  please join me in recognizing our entrepreneurs and innovators througho…
rt  naacp    roslehtinen  under the leadership of  derricknaacp  adl_national looks forward to expanding our historic partnership   nsl201… 
at today s  housecommerce hearing with mark zuckerberg i asked about concerns regarding regulations & conservative…
chairman  petesessions proudly supported the ndaa conference report to provide our troops w/the resources they need…
today s comments by nancy pelosi & debbi wasserman schultz  calling bonuses & pay raises  crumbs   show how out of…
wishing everyone a blessed easter with their families and loved ones 
joined samuel veliveli and his parents and family to celebrate his eagle scout court of honor today which he comple…
i was pleased to support a package of reforms to ensure that the irs better protects taxpayers  sensitive personal…
read my op-ed on north korea here 
i look forward to working w/  potus and  housegop to secure our borders  pass landmark foreign investment reform  r…
yesterday i discussed opioid addiction in a  gopoversight hearing 
congrats to  thedfordschools on advancing to the  doe_sc_nsb national finals   nsb2018   ne03 
in the last eight years  our nation s debt has doubled  time to get serious about a balanced budget amendment
rt  housegop  the flags of the  uscapitol are lowered to half-staff to honor the courageous men & women of america s law enforcement who ga…
this wisdom of sowell
rt  polkcountync  staff members for u s  rep  patrick mchenry will hold office hours from 9 a m  to noon on thursday  feb  8 at the womack…
rt  repnewhouse  rep   cathymcmorris and my bipartisan bill to protect columbia and snake river dams was approved in the u s  house today …
happy new year 
the tourism industry in loudoun accounts for over 17 000 jobs and tourist spent over  1 billion in loudoun last yea…
 teamcavuto thanks for having me on  neil 
one year in with  potus → jobs are being created  wages are growing  and the future is brighter for all americans   sotu 
rt  jasoncalvi  what s the conscience protection act  make sure to tune into  ewtnnewsnightly tonight for my interview with the bill s spo…
in the spirit of small business week  i wanted to know how business owners in the north state view tax reform  as we…
rt  aggiewbb  us marine & vietnam war veteran  coachgaryblair received a congressional veteran commendation from  repbillflores earlier tod…
i m proud to work alongside the  humanesociety to protect our nation s animals and am honored to receive their legi…
also    the fsa office will be managing most of the disaster response  here s the contact for your local office &gt &gt 
rt  cftcquintenz  thank u chairman  conawaytx11 for hosting me in midland  toured a pipeline ops center  oil rig  & frack site  the innovat…
appreciated discussing the many opportunities in agriculture with  ndsu students who will become the next generati…
my prayers are with the family and friends of spc  gabriel conde  america will remain the land of the free because…
first  it should make every interaction an individual has with the federal government take less time  cost less mon…
this underscores why we urgently need leadership to rebuild trust and refocus the va on its sole mission to provide…
more jobs  fairer taxes  bigger paychecks  it s that simple  learn more at
i always look forward to hearing from oklahomans during a telephone town hall  join me on monday at 7pm cdt by diali…
senate is going to lead on immigration & anything that passes has to be bipartisan  haven t seen any proposal in le…
 look at the economy  it s taking off in a big way  and the fundamentals are right  so wages are going up  business…
rt  townhallcom  congressmen  pro-life groups urge hhs to block title x funds from abortion providers
toyota & mazda s decision to locate their new  1 6 billion joint assembly plant in limestone county – creating 4 00…
 snap  asset tests haven t been updated since the 1970s  the 2018 farm bill modernizes and enforces these asset tests…
we are now considering h r  5272  reinforcing evidence-based standards under law in treating substance abuse act f…
the political elite are not immune to the rule of law and must be held accountable  that is why i and 10 other coll…
  potus  support for a free cuba and a free venezuela is so important to our community   fl25 
wishing you and your family a merry christmas 
house passes important resolution promoting greater  stem  innovation in u s  113th congress
 the state of our union is strong  because our people are strong    potus  sotu 
our better way plan lets patients decide what s best for your budget  unlike broken obamacare  we want to put you…
tom and i are wishing all who are celebrating a happy hanukkah 
the tax cutsand jobs act is lifting corporate optimism and helping to spur our economy  for example  u s  manufacturi…
good read via  neheadlines by farmer caleb ragland  crop insurance  which is part of the farm bill  has become the…
idaho veterans can now schedule appointments at the boise vamc from their smart phone tablet or computer  more info…
spoiler  i m bringing my wonderful wife  with a job as difficult as this can be from time to time  i can think of…
opioid-related deaths in texas have been rising 10% a year since 2014  if you have prescription drugs you haven t u…
558 bills passed the house last year - more than the first year of presidents bush 41  clinton  bush 43  and obama …
rt  financialcmte  on fixing dodd-frank   the house shouldn t be a potted plant   - wsj  we agree  read 
rt  rydercupusa  welcome to the team  condoleezzarice  go u s a🇺🇸
because of the tax cuts & jobs act  90% of americans will see their taxes go down and their paychecks go up …
rt  emily_tadlock  some rural maine hospitals are being short-changed when they treat veterans   reppoliquin is heading up a discussion in…
it is almost time for the final vote on historic tax reform  let s take a look back at how we got to where we are t…
  wsj ed board   the overall news from april is that faster growth is paying off for all americans  
kudos to hunterdon county s own  former  delvalterrier and current  papd911 officer sean gallagher  we thank you…
icymi  dempsey credits tax law for growth of orangeburg company tax cutsand jobs act
rt  repnewhouse  i m managing the rule on the house floor for  rulesreps for 21st century irs act and the taxpayer first act  watch live he…
just finished up with  fox8news &  cleveland19news providing a preview to the  vp tax reform panel  great to have h…
the suncoast is the epicenter of florida s opioid crisis  i ll keep pushing for the resources we need to fight ba…
 senategop fix healthcare  passed  housegop 416-7  make them vote
 ca08 
at today s zuckerberg hearing   housecommerce is reviewing facebook s policies & practices regarding your personal…
 those streaming services have to pay somebody for the right to play those songs  so who gets the money  …
i feel strongly that the findings of the committee should be released to the american people  releasing this inform…
 rathat99  lockheedmartin i strongly support the creation of a space corps 
a few  pa06  front pages this morning  fly eagles fly super bowl champions
in joint hearing of education & workforce subcommittees on  the opioids epidemic  implications for america s workplaces  
rt  housecommerce  icymi   housecommerce debuts  personal stories from the opioid crisis  video series in conjunction with today s full cmt…
rt  houseforeign  remarks  chairman  repedroyce on women  peace and security
congratulations to my great friend & colleague rep  sam johnson of texas on being named the inaugural…
rt  usnavy  paralympics monday motivation  icymi 
another great story of generous folks in the fourth district helping farmers in need in kansas 
welcome back home to california  another positive result of tax reform 
sounds like shutdown schumer is preparing to put our national defense and military community at risk – hope dems wi…
celebrating womens history month  meet mary elftman  a veteran of the indiana army national guard who now commits he…
looking forward to a villanova win  lets march nova finalfour
stay safe everyone  w s dan
happy birthday  michigan  on january 26  1837  michigan became the 26th state admitted to the union  check out thes…
yesterday i participated in an  aipac panel focused on terrorism finance  like businesses  terrorist organizations…
rt  eagleedmartin  join me on the movement w/ 🦅 eagleedmartin at 3pm ct 4 et for  wynk    iran deal  replouiegohmert amandainthe house w/  …
rt  cal_fire  detwiler fire [update] northeast of merced  mariposa county  is now 78 900 acres and 60% contained 
sending my prayers to barbara bush  whose dedicated patriotism and quick wit has always been something i aspired to…
under  potus trump we have seen the lowest unemployment rate since 2000 at 4 1%  and because of tax reform more tha…
in today s  housecommerce sub oversight hearing  i questioned the  deahq acting administrator on the urgency for im…
the proposal includes  cont    --&gt direct spending on the opioid epidemic  which i have fought for tirelessly  --&gt ex…
informative meeting with cathy lanier of west islip who was on capitol hill advocating for a study by national inst…
this quote from a small business owner sums up wisconsin s economy right now   it s not who can i hire  it s how ma…
i caught up with the fort stockton pioneer about issues important to west texans during my visit to fort stockton i…
congrats  moonex for being first to receive approval to go to the moon & extend private enterprise beyond earth 
rt  txhistcomm  the final attack on  officialalamo came before dawn on march 6  1836  as mexican troops charged toward the alamo in the pre…
 meet the new boss  same as the old boss  in cuba  raúl castro hands power to successor but the cuban people still…
54% of you were right  president harry truman delivered the first  sotu  to be broadcast on television 
rt  johnboozman  breaking   energy has terminated its partnership with clean line energy partners for development of the plains and eastern…
today  4h members attending the national 4-h conference came to brief the  houseagnews on the importance of agricul…
i m urging va secy shulkin to expedite the brick va clinic relocation project  as the brick clinic stands today  it…
rt  housejudiciary    repgoodlatte   repjohnconyers   jimpressoffice  &  jacksonleetx18 holding press conference tomorrow morning on  fisa… 
watch live as i testify on behalf of  tx31  veterans and all service members who will benefit from the veteran trans…
 the national aeronautics and space administration authorization act of 2018 helps accomplish important goals  and…
agriculture is one of florida s strongest industries  by supporting our farmers growers  we support 94k  individual…
honored to receive the  navyleagueus congressional sea services award tonight 
thanks to arne christenson with  aipac for talking with the committee today on us relationship with israel 
sidney and i had a great tour of the mississippi children s museum  given by emily hoff and…
 h r  4921  the  stb information and security act   is sponsored by u s  rep  paul mitchell  r-mi   this bipartisan…
rt  vp  capping nearly 30 years in government  we thank robert lightfoot for his service to  nasa & our nation   repjbridenstine would cont…
because of taxreform  this smallbiz in virginia is no longer stuck in neutral  small business week
she said that certain actions can only be taken by a senate-confirmed commissioner   that some actions taken by an…
full cmte chairman  repgregwalden and sub environment chairman  repshimkus on house passage of historic nuclear was…
after tax day – with the frustration of dealing with the irs fresh in our minds – now is the perfect time to vote o…
rt  repcurbelo  at this hour the  waysandmeansgop is concluding its work & america is one step closer to a patient-centered healthcare syst…
rt  housecommerce  live now  sub d c c p convenes hearing titled  perspectives on reform of the cfius review process  &gt &gt 
rt  housegop  the flags of the  uscapitol are lowered to half-staff to honor the courageous men & women of america s law enforcement who ga…
rt  thehill   mccabe just made life tough for comey and the special counsel 
appreciate  robybrock having me on to talk about gun violence as it relates to the recent tragic school shooting in…
big news ➡️ the house just passed the tax cuts & jobs act  proud to vote to bring tax relief to hard working texans 
rt  foxnews    repdesantis   i want to know why [andrew mccabe] can t get his story straight  
the  nwpaa  is good for taxpayers  ratepayers  the environment  our national security  and communities across the co…
rt  speakerryan  good news → i just signed a bill to give our troops their largest pay raise in 8 years  next stop  the  whitehouse to beco…
here s my statement applauding the confirmation of  repjbridenstine as the new  nasa administrator 
tonight  i will host a telephone town hall meeting at approximately 6 10 p m  to discuss the recently enacted…
rt  stewsays   main street job creators right here in georgia s third district are growing their businesses and reinvesting in their worker…
rosemary and i will be at st  patrick s cathedral this morning for the 30th anniversary memorial mass for nypd offi…
 the nation which forgets its defenders will be itself forgotten   -president calvin coolidge vietnam vets veterans
barbara bush was the epitome of class and as genuine as they come  amey and i are sending all of our prayers and de…
senate screws louisiana on duplication of benefits  via  youtube
the republican main street caucus is focused on getting things done & delivering results to the american people 
rt  housegop  this is how we will combat the opioidcrisis  1  expand access to treatment and recovery  2  invest in increased law enforce…
rt  houseforeign  chairman  repedroyce talks syria  russia and iran on  foxnews
passed → the house just passed bipartisan legislation that will redesign the irs for first time in 20 years  this r…
i joined mallorie brown & other aynor high school students for lunch today  mallorie is launching the school s…
 hopedcsemester i am glad to have him with us this semester  keep up the good work christian 
congrats to sarasota memorial hospital   smhcs was ranked one of  usnews s  best hospitals  sayfie
  mrsb1stgraders thanks for your question  ask buddy
today we honor america s pastor as rev  billy graham lies in honor in the u s  capitol rotunda 
we will be holding 3 town halls this saturday  hope to see you there  details here 
about to join  lizmacdonaldfox on  riskrewardfbn to speak on  potus travel ban in scotus and other immigration head…
rt  bachscore  a u s  rep echoes condoleezza rice—and goes further   signing a scholarship with a university should not be a moratorium o…
we are united in our prayers for the victims of this senseless attack in las vegas 
rt  ryanafournier  this army soldier s flight was delayed  he had to watch the birth of his daughter on facetime  i wanted to share this be…
rt  edworkforce  today   potus took a major step to get future generations engaged  involved  and excited about  stem  education 
rt  thejusticedept  backpage s co-founder and ceo  as well as several backpage-related corporate entities  enter guilty pleas
rt  waysandmeansgop  the irs is stuck in the  80s  with a new and modern tax code  it s time that we redesign the irs so that it s working…
rt  houseappropsgop  it is time to come together and help those in need  today  the house is voting to provide emergency funding for hurri…
today  the house will vote on bills aimed at enhancing several aspect our nation s counter-terrorism capabilities …
coming on the  thejtshow on  supertalk shortly  tune in to listen live 
we need taxreform bc our broken tax code drives american jobs overseas
rt  yestongs  hopi tribe chairman tim nuvangyaoma says it is time for the us government to live up to its obligations to the hopi tribe
met with  ibahome today to discuss how rolling back burdensome regulations can help boost the economy in  in03   tha…
rt  speakerryan  first lady barbara bush was a force who loved her family and our country passionately  the flag at the  uscapitol flies at…
a very happy hanukkah to all those celebrating 
i m working toward a commonsense solution to protect the environment  local wildlife  the local community residents…
great to tour bush industries to talk about taxreform and how it will benefit american manufacturing  cc …
last night  i tuned in to the voice finale to watch  joshuadavis77 from traverse city perform  well done  josh 
joined in signing this letter to nominate  potus for the 2019 nobel peace prize  full statement here …
fan favorite-  i have a secret  by emily kloostra  edwardsville high school
 gooberzilla i d be curious to know what deductions you depend upon have been eliminated 
rt  nikkihaley  rt  usun  peacekeeping is a shared responsibility  with shared responsibility comes shared burdens and shared costs  one co…
eastern north carolina high school students  you have 1 week to submit an original piece to the congressional art c…
with the securing america s future act  we have a historic opportunity to finally provide americans with the border…
 the people dreamed this country  the people built this country   and it is the people who are making america great…
this week  we pay tribute to our fallen heroes and say thank you to the 900k  sworn officers serving nationwide …
happy birthday to my friend and colleague  senlisamurkowski  it s an honor to serve with you 
my thoughts and prayers continue to be with these missing sailors  with their families & their loved ones 
rt  repjoshg  thank you to  nahudotorg for hosting me and  reptomreed to discuss the problem solvers caucus  our work to increase bipartisa…
i joined  shannonbream last night to discuss the russia investigation 
thank you   realdonaldtrump &  ustraderep  as co-chairman of the congressional korea caucus & a member of the w&m t…
 if human beings are perceived as potentials rather than problems  as possessing strengths instead of weaknesses  a…
happy small businesss week  thanks to tax reform  our economy is growing and small business confidence is on the ris…
thank you to  washingtontrade for hosting me to discuss the importance of trade to wa at the trade summit2018  it s…
randy edeker  ceo of  hyvee visited our office  good discussion about issues impacting pharmacies  i had to slip in…
rt  secnielsen  this week  potus signed an order creating the national vetting center at  dhsgov  will make america safer by fusing intel a…
rt  missourichamber  great visit with rep   repblainepress during modcflyin  he s discussing the progress that s been made toward rolling…
rt  repgenegreen  today   congculberson and i introduced the the tools on our local streets  tools  act  the spirit of houston strong has n…
house republicans are committed to solving problems for you and your family   housegop
rt  reptomemmer  starting off the morning talking to  danoxochsner while he s in dc  listen later this afternoon to myself  and some other…
rt  foxbusiness    repjimrenacci on regional banks   if it wasn t for those small community banks and for the credit unions and that banks…
it was great to join our country s vietnam war veterans last night to throw the first pitch out at the…
looking forward to marking up  hr4170   the disclosing foreign influence act  in  housejudiciary committee this morning 
enjoyed questioning my college economics professor about a balanced budget this week 
we need to diversify our energy supply  and tax incentives play a significant role in growing domestic biodiesel…
stay updated on tax reform by texting  tax reform  to 50589 and visit
the bipartisan budget deal establishes much-needed stability  deptofdefense requires to address current readiness i…
we must proceed with caution and stand with our allies and ensure that these proposed talks are not merely a ploy t…
reminder - tomorrow is national prescription drug take back day  visit to locate a collecti…
he was also a family man of impeccable integrity  and our prayers are with the graham family at this time  the loss…
 fosta  is on its way for its final signature  thanks to my colleagues for their hard work on this landmark legislat…
proud to support h res 443 last night to recognize the importance of trauma-informed care  congress can take the ne…
breaking   potus signed into law the strengthening protections for social security beneficiaries act of 2018 – a…
great initiative led by  repcomstock to inspire our nation s future 
now that both houses of congress acted to provide relief for these critical institutions  i look forward to hashing…
rt  votingmomil  thank you notes illinois  momsdemand volunteers delivered to  peterroskam today  thank you for opposing ccr  we hope you l…
the digital age demands our vigilance in protecting the privacy and the safety of american citizens  that s why i i…
vicious attacks against our men and women in law enforcement must end  this week  the house will vote to increase p…
rt  financialcmte  hensarling visits houston after hurricane harvey destruction
 scotus  has dropped the microsoft ireland case b/c the c l o u d act has framed a path for guarding the privacy of amer…
did you know that missouri has more treatment courts per capita than any other state in the nation  in the omnibus …
happy world radio day and a big shoutout to all my friends at stations around new mexico who bring our communities t…
 we appreciate the committee s continued support and strong funding for the commercial crew and commercial cargo pr…
 mccaskilloffice  clairecmc i ve been trying to meet w/ you to discuss this very issue for several days now - but y…
without consequences  iran s human rights abuses will only continue  read more →
👍 affordable 👍 simple 👍 competitive taxreform
in honor of the first game of the season tonight - go ducks 
rt  housescience  release  house approves  housescience chair  lamarsmithtx21 s american space commerce free enterprise act
my county connection program stations members of my staff in counties across  ga14  in order to help constituents wh…
rt  cardiology  thank you  repjoewilson   reperikpaulsen   repstephmurphy  and  repdarrensoto for supporting h r  3325  the advancing care…
don t forget  the 2018 congressional art competition has begun  more details here →
i enjoyed today s visit and touring the newly renovated classrooms   mo07 
rt  surgeonsvoice    gasacs taught  repbuddycarter how to stopthe bleed and acknowledge the importance of  bleedingcontrol  thanks rep  car…
we are going dancing  congrats to the  csuf men s basketball team for winning the big west tournament championship…
today is world hemophilia day  a rare disease that affects about 20 000 in the us  for more info on this disease and…
stopped by fairhope intermediate school this morning to speak with student representatives about leadership and th…
rt  livcogov  a big heartfelt  thank you  goes out to all of our local police officers this week as we celebrate national police week  our l…
this is small business week  did you know there are over 2 million small businesses in texas  they employ 4 4 millio…
the story of west point is the story of thousands of communities across the united states  i brought the lessons i…
my statement on tonight s military air strike in syria 
rt  housegop  these are the real results of tax reform  ✓ u s  unemployment rate is at in lowest levels in 20 years ✓ wages for small busin…
the budget act voted on earlier this morning represents government growth on steroids  accordingly  i voted against…
appreciate the honor & continued partnership to protect our cherished ecosystem while promoting coastal communities 
today s tax reform good news story that shows the tax cutsand jobs act is helping all employees  including hourly wag…
rt  vawestpalmbeach  veterans  due to ongoing maintenance we will temp relocate the shared congressional office to room 1a-170a eff  mon  …
rt  ftc  scamalert  call from 877-382-4357  hang up and report it 
linda and i want to wish a happy passover to all those celebrating this important moment in jewish history 
i am proud to represent so many south texans that are proud of our military and honoring fallen military aviators 
lot of discussion about tax reform  please visit my website to learn how these changes will directly benefit those…
i m joining  mattmurphyshow and  aunielindenberg right now on  realtalk995 from dc  make sure you tune in 
yes  people in need of short-term  small-dollar loans shouldn t be left in dire straits by overreaching regulation …
productive week including override of a presidential veto and passage va reforms  protection from obamacare penalties  and a common sense cr
ever been inside the library of congress  main reading room  it s open to the public presidents  day  2/16  10am-3pm 
protecting american sovereignty and the american people is a constitutional requirement of the federal government …
rt  americanewsroom   we do have to calibrate our vetting depending on how much information we get from the host country   -  mactxpress
thanks to all the students and parents who joined us at last night s military service academy open house at northwe…
grateful for the opportunity to support the stop school violence act
as well as promoting tech entrepreneurship and innovation  and the growing role of technology in the healthcare fie…
chairman  repmarkwalker in  wsjopinion   i fear we may be giving democrats a fighting chance by bringing back a pra…
 mjdelmont  walshfreedom don t you remember the phrase  asad must go   we were over there destabilizing asad  to the benefit of isis  sad 
north carolina msgoc luncheon  via  youtube
rt  repdianeblack  what do taxcuts mean for your family  your community  my op-ed in  foxnews →
it was great to see high school students from alpena in washington  d c   this week  i always enjoy engaging with t…
yesterday i visited specialty home health in evansville and had a great discussion about how federal regulations an…
rep  leonard lance joined boy scout troop 489 saturday afternoon in hillsborough to honor five members of the troop…
president trump has taken the iran nuclear deal  and its shortcomings  very seriously  with all the information he…
nice groupie of our agselfie  great start to our time in minnesota listening to producers across america 
sub health reviews outdated law that impedes patient care and safety &gt &gt 
i had a great conversation with students from  columbusstate this morning  thank you for stopping by 
rt  msyallpolitics  national perscription takeback day is coming up this saturday  congressman  greggharper shares a list of locations acro…
my staff is on the ground in baker  ready to assist with fema and other federal agencies  call randy at 969-1736
great news  with a continued commitment to domestic energy production & u s  energydominance  states like new mexi…
icymi- fy18 milcon/va bill funds necessary treatments for our veterans & modernization of military infrastructure 
this just in → there s a brand new chairman at the committee  congrats to incoming chairman  rep_stevewomack 
rt  kygop  together   senatemajldr &  rephalrogers are working to reform the arc and provide vital assistance to those in need
proud to receive the 2017 legislative leader award from  hslegfund  cracking down on wildlife trafficking not only…
what can we achieve with pro-growth taxreform  ⬇️ lower taxes ⬆️ higher wages ⬆️ more jobs ohio  oh12 
i just called on governor scott to direct new federal anti-drug funds to manatee and sarasota counties --two of the…
community health centers  chc  are vital to ensuring that families throughout co have access to quality healthcare …
had a great time in oconee county this afternoon visiting with hundreds of constituents  the house goes back into session on monday 
jerusalem is israel s eternal & indivisible capital & we should relocate the us embassy   gopoversight national sec…
committee approves posey s bipartisan bill to provide justice for american victims of terrorism
on teacher appreciation day we honor the hardworking  dedicated teachers who push students to achieve their best and…
responding to  realdonaldtrump election  democratic nobel prize winning economist paul krugman said this on nov  9 …
haywood county s  the community kitchen in canton  represents what service is all about  this is a church-supported…
  repdesantis  over the course of the last two and a half weeks  we have heard news accounts of a wave of foreign n…
extremely proud of our regional director of community relations  lanie brown  for being honored w/ blossoming minds…
in 2017 alone  the trump administration eliminated 22 regulations for everyone one new regulatory action  created 2…
rt  moreheadstate    rephalrogers meeting with junior level bsn  msu_nursing students
joined defiance county commissioner ryan mack  staff from defiance county soil and water  and nrcs to discuss the…
wishing our friends and neighbors celebrating a happy passover 
fpl working to restore brevard power  map to check progress
great turnout at rep   justinamash s academy night open house  we appreciate everyone coming out with questions on…
looking forward to winning the congressional hockey challenge tonight for a great cause  even more so  seeing my fr…
rt  marywmccourt  pancakes w/congress  110% support for a cure for alzheimer s thank you  marywmccourt  conawaytx11  alzassociation  alzam…
📸 picture perfect  capitolreefnps
thanks for having  conawaytx11 and i on the show to discuss the next farm bill  visit my website for more resources …
in addition to working alongside the administration  today i introduced the camp nelson heritage national monument…
i ll be on air with  tomroten of newsradio 800 wvhu this morning at 8 35am  tune in at 
this is a joke  right  it looks like someone didn t read the text of the tax reform bill at all and just printed de…
from one grissom tiger to another  thanks  acstaton99 for your thoughtful piece 
check out my op-ed on need for end executive overreach act  the white house is crippling our economy via  dcexaminer
posey applauds northrop grumman expansion in melbourne  politics
big thanks to  realdonaldtrump for the federal disaster declaration in east alabama  folks can now get the assista…
statement on president trump s infrastructure plan 
today  i held an event to present military medals to vets who either never received them  or lost them over the yea…
fun to be back at my alma mater yesterday for the little 500  the world s greatest college weekend continues to liv…
just voted on a balanced budget amend to the us constitution which had 233 in favor and 184 votes opposed  7 dem  y…
this is an important week for our efforts to pass much-needed tax reform in the house  please check out my recent…
thank you to the reynolds county rotary club for having me yesterday  we had a thoughtful discussion about the issu…
rt  abigailcbn   i m very happy for him  i really commend him for the decision  i had the opportunity to see my kids play soccer and wrestl…
it was great to listen to the president speak directly to missourians about how tax cuts will help families keep mo…
rt  facethenation  tomorrow morning  we ll discuss the headline-filled week for the house intelligence committee with south carolina congre…
rt  adl_national  each year  we bring together leaders  experts  & activists to discuss the fight against hate  this year s summit feature…
rt  foxbusiness    reppittenger to  trish_regan on jerome powell   i think what the chairman understands today is that open free markets wo…
i always a enjoy a visit from  idahopower  they have strong connections in our communities and employ a talented w…
it was a pleasure to be interviewed recently by esteemed columnist  georgewill whose work appears in the washington…
rt  housegop  you know what moms like even more than flowers and gift certificates  saving  2 000 with the doubled child tax credit thanks…
rt  mariabartiromo  rep  lee zeldin on facebook  additional regulation is what i expect to happen  repleezeldin  mo…
rt  repstevestivers  thanks to all who joined in today s roundtable with myself   repbeatty &  pattiberi  good discussion on defense issues…
yes  facebook and others have an opportunity to live up to the values they claim to hold - urging them to right thi…
my thoughts and prayers go out to the family and friends of sean murphy  the chief of staff for  tomcoleok04 who su…
the committee s hearing this morning is live now at
we never forget the lives we lost 16 years ago & the heroism from our first responders  our thoughts & prayers are…
it s time to pass the first comprehensive tax reform legislation since 1986   hr1 
social security needs to be reformed so it can be sustainable for our children and grandchildren -&gt 
happy easter to you and your family  he is risen indeed 
rt  cnbc  job openings hit new record high of 6 6 million
happening now   waysandmeansgop hearing with  ustraderep robert lighthizer on us trade policy   nafta  watch live 
rt  housegop   peace of mind  more jobs  bigger paychecks  & fairer taxes    these are the real  tangible results we promised the american…
the united states is now rivaling russia and saudi arabia to be the world s largest oil producer  energy dominance
rt  waysandmeansgop  🛠️ home depot announced bonuses for all hourly employees  citing tax reform 
had to pick up supplies from  harristeeter for an unexpected weekend in dc  the schumer shutdown & democrat filibus…
the f-35 program is bringing jobs and economic growth to fort worth  check out this great story by  wfaachannel8
rt  charlotte49erfb  it s game day    a little something to whet your appetite  rock solid gold standard
my office recently flew a flag over the us capitol building for this wwii vet who fought in the battle of the bulge…
as a member of the house appropriations committee  i will oppose spending a nickel of federal funding for the high…
rt  repmarkmeadows  andrew mccabe lied to his fbi superiors not once  not twice  not three times  he lied four times--multiple times under…
rt  bgov  at 9 a m   chairman  macthornberry will be interviewed by  bgov s  rtiron during today s b g o v in site
huge thanks to  americancable   mediacomcable  &  minnesotacable for stopping by yesterday to discuss ways we can f…
otd in 1781  reps of lord cornwallis surrendered to washington   yorktown  you can see the painting of the moment o…
i want to get your thoughts on some of the big issues in wi-8  watch below and let me know what you think about the…
brooke and i join the rest of our nation in praying for the bush family as we hear of their loss of barbara tonight…
people have the right to assume the people who are investigating them at the fbi are objective and have not already…
deuteronomy 6 7 you shall teach them diligently to your sons and shall talk of them when you sit in your house and…
the committee stands in recess subject to call of the chair 
the time is now  tax cutsand jobs act
the committee hears from the organization s ceo today at 10am  details ↓
joining  foxandfriends live in dc this morning  tune in to  foxnews at 8 40am 
live  military personnel  fy19ndaa  markup - led by chairman  repmikecoffman at 10 am - watch here 
the highest standards because of their immense power  we must zealously guard these institutions against being poli…
with  potus  signature  websites like and other online platforms for the modern slave trade…
truth 
comparing nanosatellites to sputnick  moreheadstate space science center 
 newsok published an article over the weekend about my recent visit to the  terexcorp facility in oklahoma city 
rt  foxnews  just in   replukemesser released his and several other members of congress s nomination of president  realdonaldtrump to the …
posey awards congressional medal of merit to local high school students
tonight at 5 30 - i will hold my second tele-town hall of 2018 for residents of maryland s eastern shore  you can s…
wow  congrats  cofcbasketball  march madness
these latest round of retaliatory tariffs by the chinese government on each of these sectors will only do harm to o…
rt  repmiketurner  i m chairing a  hasc  tacairland hearing now on combat aviation budget requests   watch  live 
  repbeatty and i testified in support of designating the national veterans memorial and museum  honoring vets is a…
rt  newstalk1130  at 6 40   repseanduffy duffy on  pryan  s retirement   realdonaldtrump in syria  and the hit the wi farmers could take on…
by now  every american should see proof in their paychecks that tax reform is working if they have not already …
finally  i intend to introduce a resolution showing congressional support for america s article v commitments under nato  opp4 all  heritage
  repmeehan   reploubarletta   reppeteking  & i urge funding for northeast corridor  nec  grant program that funds…
rt  okruralhealth    repmullin &  repschrader introduce bill to reauthorize state offices of rural health via  okla…
news out of dallas for when pro-growth tax reform becomes law  👇 at&t to invest an additional  1 billion in the un…
senate democrats ripped healthcare funding away from millions of american children over an immigration issue  daca…
we are now considering h r  5554  animal drug and animal generic drug user fee amendments want to know more about…
why don t these senators understand that they feel pain and it s our duty to protect those who cannot protect themse…
as the healthcare debate continues  be sure to check out my discussion with  alivelshi today on  msnbc …
it was inspiring to marchfor life today  especially with so many young people  i look forward to the day hr 490  th…
my thoughts are with the victims of the horrible devastation in houston  i expect congress to work on a relief package in the coming weeks 
i strongly agree w/  potus    terrorists who do things like place bombs in civilian hospitals are evil  when poss…
rt  justinamash  this spending proposal is disgusting and reckless—the biggest spending increase since 2009  i urge every american to speak…
viewed 25 student-created apps today at point pleasant borough hs  including  lunch buddy   the winner of the nj-04…
i ll be hosting neighborhood office hours this morning in summerville   
congrats to jennifer wahl  a teacher at loyalsock township high school  who was named one of only 12 finalists for pa teacher of the year 
rt  vachair  thank you  potus for your commitment to providing our veterans with the resources and support they need to successfully transi…
rt  realdonaldtrump  on behalf of the american people  welcome home 
i look forward to helping the committee reform the irs  hold this agency accountable  and put hardworking american taxpayers first 
enjoyed showing you around the capitol  safe travels back home 
the american economy continues to grow  small business workers saw their wages grow at the strongest rate in 2 year…
working on a farm or ranch will teach you there s no such thing as men s/women s chores  there are just chores and…
both the house and senate need to get all these answers and must be willing to do more than just talk  need subpoen…
topeka native and  kualumni  garywoodland just won the waste management open  great job gary 
rt  sparkaction  this week  jjdpa supporters gave congress a  sweet  reminder of why the j j d p amatters | special thank you to champions  re…
3 you will have an easier time filing your taxes each spring 
i sat down with don curtis to discuss isis  the economy and the unfortunate state of politics in washington    
we thank uscp for their brave and swift actions during today s incident  houseadm_dems
the 2nd amendment is a right guaranteed by the constitution  once we start chipping away at the constitution  then…
tax reform repeals obamacare s unpopular and ineffective individual mandate  americans will no longer be forced to…
chairman  repmccaul on national guard deployment   people forget that border security is really national security  
this bill  when passed  will designate this area as a national heritage area  protecting the landscape s unique his…
it was an honor joining  aumhcaurora for their 14th annual spring luncheon today  recognized was dr  randy stith fo…
  thenoahring had to answer who my favorite  ugaathletics football player is again with a special guest   …
rt  repkevinbrady  important for senate gop to stay at table  obamacare is collapsing  regardless we are moving forward on bold taxreform…
i look forward to asking  statedept about stabilization efforts in syria  iran meddling in iraq  & our plans to…
rt  kasiomkos  big thanks to  repholding for taking the time to chat w/us on issues impacting nc s hospitality industry   ncrla  werrestaur…
to those who work in acres  not in hours - thank you  national agriculture day ag day2018 mi01
rt  repdavidvaladao  today is tax day2018  which marks the end of our outdated tax laws  thanks to the tax cuts jobs act  next year  central…
rt  waysandmeansgop  live  this morning at 9 00am w&m members will hear from  secretaryross on potus s recent trade actions  particularly…
rt  oriolesupt  congratulations elise and anna  third year in a row for a ludington student to have won the congressional art competition …
was an honor to speak and have breakfast with the veterans of lancaster county this morning at 521 bbq  to all our…
rt  toyotapolicy  last week  we brought toyota s human support robot to the hill for c t a innovation week  thanks to the over 20 lawmakers wh…
 climate change is one field that needs more attention  and we should look to technology to solve legitimate challe…
congresswoman louise slaughter was a tireless advocate for her constituents and the causes she believed in  i feel…
amb john bolton will be great national security adviser for  realdonaldtrump  ridiculously knowledgable  leaks from…
as someone who has been working on this issue for some time  i challenge my colleagues  as well as students  parent…
bipartisan n j  lawmakers talk gop tax plan and government    | msnbc
outstanding meeting in my office with large group of retired nassau county detectives in washington to commemorate…
this week  potus signed an executive order on reducing poverty in america by promoting opportunity and economic mob…
rt  freedomcaucus  the majority of the  freedomcaucus has taken a vote to support the cr effort this evening
 kmoyer63  _kel_varnsen_ softest 
through his action today   potus sent a strong signal to iran and other foreign adversaries that nuclear proliferat…
during a visit to  searkcollege today  i was able to visit the electro-mechanical maintenance lab and was shown how…
rt  foxnews    ivankatrump  u s  treasurer jovita carranza   senrobportman   repjimrenacci  and mayor bobst discuss tax reform in ohio   co…
wishing a very happy birthday to my youngest daughter  laura  glad we could spend the day together in d c  🎂 🎈 🎁
rt  jecrepublicans  weekly econ update  state employment reports  our take on the fed meeting & chair  pattiberi s statement on q2 gdp
rt  housecommerce  additional background on this year-long investigation  which is part of our overall efforts to combat the opioidcrisis …
make sure to watch the  financialcmte equifax hearing here 
the house just passed the tax cuts and jobs act  american families deserve better than the status quo  we just took th…
during autism awareness month  we recognize the achievements of those living with autism  and honor the important wo…
rt  greggharper  we are so thankful to these brave heroes for their swift actions that saved lives  well-deserved   capitolpolice
rep simpson receives wellness frontiers award from the health leadership council for creating and promoting id step…
legislative branch subcommittee chairman  repkevinyoder presents the fy19 legislative branch appropriations bill 
great to be part of this awesome welcome team as we greeted students coming from  gcschoolsnc s peeler elementary t…
rt  casenatorjim  tonight   replamalfa   j_gallagherad3 and i requested  vp to expedite ca s request for presidential major disaster declar…
rt  repmcclintock  as fire season approaches i am working closely with state and fed officials to make sure all resources are in place to p…
  realdonaldtrump got it right scaling back utah monuments  next  let s reform the antiquities act  more in…
our uncompetitive tax code hurts local business  we re lowering their rate to help them grow  ➡…
saturday  april 28  is national prescription drug take back day  the cvs pharmacy at 1322 west 6th street in corona…
pitt county  we are live  to join the telephone town hall  i encourage you to call directly to  888  480-3626  i lo…
the  un recognizes february 6th as international day of zero tolerance for female genital mutilation end f g m
please continue to monitor official police/fire social media accounts for updates regarding the latest fires in the…
as davy crockett once said   i must say as to what i have seen of texas it is the garden spot of the world  the bes…
rt  housebudgetgop  this week s budget fact  according to  uscbo  the u s  posted its largest monthly budget surplus in recorded history t…
this saturday  april 28 is national prescription drug take back day  when we can help fight the opioid epidemic by…
the 1st hearing will cover amendment testimony for ag  dept of state & for  ops  dhs  & thud  watch live here 
at 3 pm the committee will meet on chip & the protecting seniors  access to medicare act  watch the hearing here -&gt 
i am so proud of the work local leaders in lagrange have done to make the city 3 in manufacturing employment  and…
with so many businesses looking to grow in  ga03   it is clear that tax reform is working  learn more at…
the service branches have been too slow to respond  these are alarming trends  when we have a hearing or travel to…
wishing everyone in the jewish faith community in  ks03  a happy passover 
thank you secretary zinke for securing this long awaited and lifesaving road for the king cove community 
thank you for your service  officer jenkins  you are a true public servant  judging from the affection and respect…
one year ago today  my entire platform for the next president of the united states arrived in the oval office  sinc…
happy national police week to the brave men and women who comprise the thin blue line in maryland s first district  y…
 oregon s tolling plans adds barriers to easing bridge congestion  great read by  elizabethhovde in wkd s  oregonian
thank you  ycrchamber for allowing me to speak this afternoon at your legislative lunch 
about to join  wolfblitzer on cnn to discuss today s news
chicago is famous for a sideways bean   really    houstonchron  texasmonthly
the average family of 4 in northwest georgia will receive an almost  2 000 tax cut as a result of the…
rt  cnn  president trump is meeting with the crew and passengers of southwest airlines flight 1380  including pilot tammie jo shults  a for…
nothing better than some so fla stone crabs 🦀  the perseverance of commercial fishermen after hurricane irma has be…
reforming our tax code was just the first step to upgrading our tax system in the us  today we are focusing on mode…
congrats to carol craig ceo of craig technologies - named runner-up for national small business person of the year
rt  statedept    usun ambassador nikki haley  the united states is determined to see the monster who dropped chemical weapons on the people…
this semester  my offices in washington d c  and jefferson city had a great group of interns  thank you all for you…
congrats   marcusjd84  you sure make  tx23  &  utsa proud  whodat n f l draft
thanks to  gopleader for hosting yesterday s innovation initiative meeting w/  giancarlocftc  productive discussion…
rt  housegop    conawaytx11   snap  is an important program    our goal was to make it better  focus it more on work  focus it on impacts  t…
army sergeant michael beck was wounded in 2008 while serving bravely in iraq  after years of struggling with his   
packed house at our insightful women event in strongsville  will be live-streaming the program on my facebook page…
happy new year  i hope 2018 is filled with blessings and prosperity for all  happy new year2018
i am deeply grateful for the swift response by the nypd and other first responders 
this year  we saw incredible floods that devastated many towns in our area and wildfires that ravaged nearby farms …
we did it   incredible game and win by the eagles  fly eagles fly super bowl champions
chairman  petesessions votes to unleash the american economy from the shackles of dodd-frank  read his statement 
in our thriving economy  we need each and every able-bodied american to come to work  i applaud the president s act…
in norcal  our views are typically very different from those that live in the bay area  today i was pleased to once…
thanks to  mayorbliss for the updates on the  citygrandrapids at the 2018 stateofthe city address 
hasc seapower & projection forces releases mark for  fy19ndaa   ndaa  - ensures our sailors  marines & airmen have th…
so good to have my wife ann with me at the white house today to watch the opening of the us embassy in jerusalem vi…
like many others  i have a disabled family member—my beloved wife  cheryl  throughout our marriage  i ve witnessed…
icymi  talked to  melissaafrancis on  foxnews today re  the deputy attorney general s handling of the russian inves…
the bills discussed will streamline regulatory requirements & eliminate inefficiencies that have the greatest impact on american consumers 
once again this year  i am partnering w  wpda and phsc to host stars  stripes and smiles to give free dental care t…
i had the honor to present  beltonschools my first ever  champion for drug-free missouri  award as part of my…
rt  repdrewferguson  i m proud that  georgiastateu is a part of the university innovation alliance with  lifeatpurdue  these schools are wo…
rt  semochief  on behalf of the 97  semissouristate students/890 alumni from mo s cd4  we appreciated the visit w/ rephartzler 
good luck to  georgiastateu in the n c a a march madness game today 
enjoyed helping kick off the ceremonies at  nascar s  kcm400  with  govjeffcolyer yesterday at the  kansasspeedway i…
i cosponsored h res 838 which passed in the house last night  the purpose of the resolution is to honor and remembe…
rt  repmattgaetz  press conference  holding a press conference today on medical cannabis research reform at 12 00pm et  alongside  repdarre…
just a little less than 2 weeks to submit your app for the congressional app challenge   congressionalac  stem  code
thanks  cdficoalition for the invitation to speak to your members on capitol hill last week  and special thanks to…
congress has voted to overturn another instance of the prior administration s cfpb aggression bringing free market…
join us now for a facebook live 
standing for life  because every life  at every stage  has value  whywemarch
rt  whostp  we re excited to kick off the  whitehouse summit on ai for american industry  technology advisor to  potus michael kratsios giv…
will be on  cnbc  powerlunch right around 1 30 today talking about upcoming facebook hearings   housecommerce
this morning i joined  kevcirilli to talk dodd-frank reforms and my upcoming data security hearing …
more info here   al03  gamecock strong
rt  replukemesser  i am excited to serve as  goppolicy chair in the next congress and ready to get to work for the american people 
4 banks proposals in defense bill for  19 via  jgfortwayne
i enjoyed my talk with hungarian ambasaador laszlo szabo  md on border fencing  trade and taxes  hungary…
this week we honor our law enforcement community for national police week  i have cosponsored the protect and serve…
thank you to our military spouses across  tx23  and the nation for your service and sacrifice…
did you miss my interview on the  docwashburn show earlier this afternoon  listen to the entire interview on tax cu…
rt  sbgc2c   reppaulmitchell on death penalty   i m very much a pro-life guy  i believe only god gets to decide who lives and who passes aw…
rt  housegop  retweet to thank law enforcement officers all across this country  they are truly our heroes in blue 
if you or a student you know is interested in submitting artwork to this year s congressional art competition -   
last friday  i introduced h r  1623  a bill that would save  16 6 billion in taxpayer dollars 
alabama is represented by 6 of the 100 teams competing tomorrow here in washington  d c   with 4 of those alabama t…
i also questioned them about the many conflicts we have continuously had with dredging the cleveland harbor and pla…
rt  repjoewilson  happening now   hascrepublicans hearing on  oversight and reform of the department of defense 4th estate   tune in 
icymi  here is my latest newsletter  utpol
griffith applauds studies of two southwest virginia sites for pumped storage hydropower
joined  josephicastro &  fresno_state students for a  daca  discussion today  incredibly impressed w/ their stories…
this quote is for all of those who are  ok  with the president s proposed bumpstock ban  btw  even the atf under o…
as march comes to a close  let s not forget that it s womens history month  a month we can celebrate the amazing acc…
rt  jbirchwnct    repwalterjones touring 3rd street education center in greenville  wnct9
happy easter from the stivers family 
rt  indystar   this news should make all americans angry    toddrokita tweeted 
i am a proud supporter of the pro life movement  read my column in the louisiana baptist message about why we must…
moving forward  the administration and congress should collaborate on a comprehensive strategy that addresses the s…
great news in today s jobs report - 313 000 new jobs  disposable income is at its highest peak since 2015  and con…
mary & guntram of saint james sent me an email re my protecting our communities from gang violence act  h r  5065 …
interested in keeping up with my work in washington for  nj   please sign up for my weekly e-newsletter 
rt  cityofballwinmo  happy birthday ballwin  today we turn 181 years old  founded in 1837 by john ball  ballwin was supposedly named becaus…
yesterday  congressman bill bill keating  ma-09  and i filed house resolution 810 to reaffirm the vital importance…
rt  lilagracerose  the number one human rights issue today is abortion  the most important cultural issue today is abortion  until we st…
happy 90th birthday  fwembassy  on this day in 1928  the theater opened its doors in fort wayne  last week i honore…
  rosamariapaya continues her father s legacy by working toward a free  democratic cuba through  cubadecide  thank…
rt  houseappropsgop  chairman  usreprodney statement on new supplemental funding request for hurricane recovery and wildfires
it has been an honor to chair the congressional range & testing center caucus & support their vital mission in…
rt  wmaldc  listen now as  larryoconnor speaks with  replouiegohmert about rex tillerson  mike pompeo  president  realdonaldtrump s border…
rt  boschrexrothus   icymi  rexroth s rally simulator and subsea valve actuator made a big impression at  otc5o   and we were delighted to h…
as we mark the 50th anniversary of the vietnam war  i m honored to host a vietnam veterans commemoration event in w…
we cannot tolerate lapses like this  there are guidelines in place for intel agencies & law enforcement to follow s…
rolling back regulations that have hindered farmers for far too long  the benefits of tax reform  rural broadband …
happy mothers day 
humbled to present flags honoring officer chase maddox & deputies michael corley & ralph callaway on saturday  the…
the house fsc will be watching closely to ensure customers receive justice from these misdeeds  u s  to fine wells…
when we send our kids off to school  we expect them to arrive back home safely 
  nbc29 highlights the r e a dit act  our bill to give members of congress at least 2 minutes to review each page of…
rt  housegop    cathymcmorris  march is womens history month and we get to celebrate and honor so many trailblazers  so many women that are…
my first read of the day   gov  ducey sends 225 national guard troops to mexican border  
today  the house of representatives passed two more bipartisan bills from the financial services committee that imp…
learn how my workflex bill can help working moms 
the  usda s community connect grant program is a great way to fund broadband deployment into rural areas  usda is h…
rt  insidenatgeo  congrats to pranay varada  right  of irving  texas  a 14-year-old at dewitt perry middle school  29th annual nat geo bee c…
i am sending a letter to fbi director comey to ensure hillary clinton cannot hide behind her lies clinton emails
today s vote takes us one step closer to meaningful tax reform that will benefit all americans and our economy 
i welcome  potus  intention to return infrastructure decision making to the states & streamlining the broken permit…
the ccl/ selc s attempt to stop i-73 is highway robbery  read my op-ed exposing these groups for what they really a…
bridenstine challenges environmental agency on deleted text messages  emails tcot
rt  keithrothfus  today we celebrate the historic opening of the u s  embassy in jerusalem  in recognizing this monumental event and israe…
over  3 billion in bonuses have been given to hardworking american taxpayers  and this month  new withholdings take…
today is the last tax day that you will have to deal with a burdensome  obsolete tax code  thanks to the…
 toyota  mazdausa the fact that toyota and mazda picked alabama is indicative of the hard work and commitment alaba…
r i p  barbara bush  a life well lived 
rt  repsanfelippo  i ll be holding two town hall sessions with congressman sensenbrenner   jimpressoffice  over the next month in new berli…
rt  houseagnews  fact  under 2018 farm bill no one is kicked off of  snap  due to work requirements  s n a pmatters
great to speak with the jo ann davidson institute about the importance of women in government and leadership roles…
leadership is in a strong position around full funding for defense  they are looking at what  deptofdefense has ask…
my statement on the united states withdrawing from the iran nuclear deal 
i applaud  hhsgov for formalizing a division of their office focused on conscience and religious freedom protection…
our staff is hosting a tax prep workshop tomorrow  thursday  march 29 at the  mdpls homestead branch library  stop…
check out my op-ed in  amermilnews on why we must keep guantanamo open 
stiff occupational licensing requirements make it difficult for lower and middle income americans to get ahead  a n…
rt  housegop  there are countless ways that the tax cutsand jobs act will be better than our old and outdated tax code  here are our top 5   …
tonight president trump gave his first  sotu  on building a safe  strong  and proud america  after the address  i re…
i joined a bipartisan group of pacific northwest lawmakers to introduce legislation to save our dams  i firmly belie…
the iranian regime  and the terrorists it sponsors  must never obtain a nuclear weapon  the iran deal does not ser…
the  nicolasmaduro regime s moral bankruptcy & systematic corruption in venezuela can t go unchecked  u s  is righ…
rt  scottelliotg  this  from schweikert  is good 
costello  brady offer anti-harassment bill
a year after  housecommerce s cures now became law  innovative cures are reaching patients   us_fda approved ground…
rt  collierpio  watch live  mariodb and commissioner william l  mcdaniel announce tiger grant for the immokalee community 
statement on esper confirmation as secretary of the  usarmy -&gt 
here s my statement on the v a accountability legislation the house just passed 
over 60% of south dakota s workforce is employed by small businesses  small business week
rt  whitehouse  mr  speaker  the president of the united states     sotu  
the wisdom of the world is not in washington d c  the wisdom of the world is here in our districts 
walker community will hold parade tuesday evening for newly crowned basketball state champions via  lpnews1898
rt  jecrepublicans  chair  pattiberi  entrepreneurship matters bc startups drive the innovation that fuels economic growth and opportunit…
rt  cathymcmorris  here s what taxreform means in michigan from  reppaulmitchell   repwalberg   repfredupton   repmikebishop  &  repjackbe…
 freegovinfo hello james  the witnesses  statements are available here 
rt  presssec  reports of peaceful protests by iranian citizens fed up with the regime s corruption and its squandering of the nation s weal…
consumer alert 
thanks for showing us around the plant 
today  congress presented a congressional gold medal in honor of the members of the office of strategic services  o…
chairman harper holds sub oversight hearing on on opoid crisis  via  youtube
as the march for life​ begins outside the capitol  the house just passed h r  4712  the born-alive abortion survivo…
my bill  hr 921  just passed unanimously at  housecommerce full committee markup 
today i voted for a balanced budget amendment to the constitution  the national debt is one of the most serious thr…
chairman  usreprodney  the people s house is a symbol of american freedom  the funding in this bill preserves this…
 this bill requires cbp to ensure that personally identifiable information is no longer disclosed  by moving this l…
tomorrow is the last time you and your family will have to file taxes under a 32-year-old complicated tax code  sta…
the deadline for applications is coming up on wednesday  look forward to seeing this year s entries 
happy thursday  joining  tcnewstalk now- tune in 
it was an honor to co-host the annual congressional prayer breakfast in collinsville with my friends  repshimkus an…
  repmarkmeadows  the issue encompasses the entire federal government and is a huge problem  in fiscal year 2017 al…
my first read of the day   u s  retail sales rose broadly in april  via  wsj
rt  seaairspace  representative  robwittman & navy league of the united states national president alan kaplan are here   sas2018 
d s are at it again  are we about to witness another schumer shutdown  schumer shutdown- v2 0
breaking →  housejudiciary just passed my bill to stop the outsourcing of american jobs and close loopholes in our…
i commend the trump administration for taking this bold step to withdraw from this reckless deal that poses a threa…
rt  hurdonthehill  today at 1pm cst my  gopoversight it subcommittee will have our final hearing on artificialintelligence  to explore how…
this morning i was thrilled to join students from all across the united states at the annual rockets on the hill…
rt  housescience  we must educate the next generation in  stem  and computer science education to remain competitive on the global stage  ht…
it was such an honor to meet with and speak to the lincoln country farm bureau tonight in…
it was great to be at the victorville veterans day parade this morning  thank you to all who served   ca08 
yesterday the house education and workforce subcommittee on higher education held a hearing on  strengthening acces…
rt  queenkv  kvpnewsroom  standing by for  kqednewsroom interview w/  darrellissa on h1b visa proposal  watch tonight on  kqed san francis…
rt  houseagnews    conawaytx11   secretarysonny &  sentedcruz speak with producers at farmer farms in the peanut field  houseag
thank you to the staff at eureka springs hospital for hosting me this afternoon   ar3 
good luck today  osumbb  go pokes
una vez mas  ortega hace de las suyas hiriendo y matando a quienes protestan su regimen represivo  condeno severam…
absolutely heartbreaking  thinking about these aviators and their families today  honor the fallen
rt  aacr  we re grateful for  tomcoleok04 s continued leadership and support of lifesaving medical research  thank you  chairman cole  for…
i congratulate jay powell on his nomination to serve as the next federal reserve chair 
500 new jobs coming to dillon county  
thanks for joining us   repjohnfaso
elimination of this outdated policy means the men & women of  jointbasemdl workforce will be paid equally & fairly …
this morning  the house permanent select committee on intelligence released a redacted version of their report on t…
rt  karengray92365  appreciate  reppaulcook  brandon & matt s continued support of impactaid  districts & communities appreciate your lead…
bloomberg  record number of u s  small-business owners say it s a good time to expand
collins votes to extend  chip  for six years and end the schumer shutdown
stopped by wjhg this morning and discussed many issues that are important to the second district - cutting taxes be…
international shipments through the usps are the most direct route for synthetic opioids like fentanyl to reach our…
economic development announcement at eastman chemical company 
you can always learn more about what we are already seeing from the tax cuts and jobs act by visiting…
rt  govabbott  emergency preparation supplies are tax free april 28- 30  learn more about items that qualify 
thank you to bill pasquale with medic rescue in beaver county  for discussing the impact of the opioidcrisis on ou…
what socks should i wear to  sotu  tonight 
proud to join  redcross at their holiday mail for heroes event today on capitol hill  i m forever grateful for our…
it was wrong for democrats to hold hostage our troops and their families  the health care of nine million children …
tune in 
merry christmas to all in  mn02   
  repkevinbrady   wages are growing and unemployment is low – with u s  jobless claims at their lowest level since…
hamas continues to incite violence vs israel  most recently by crashing the israeli border in  demonstrations   th…
paul ryan is a true public servant  take a look at my statement below  sayfie
last night  the house passed the bipartisan righto try act so terminally ill patients are able to pursue every possi…
thanks to all who came out for the baird  tx town hall this morning  see you 🔜 breckenridge  tx11 
are you insured for a hurricane  find coverage at hurricane prep hurricane strong
congratulations to north county s first female athletic director and longtime coach bonnie bradley  she is among th…
i support  potus  realdonaldtrump response to the malicious attack in syria  my full statement 
congratulations to belinda casanova on an outstanding year as chairman of the ingleside chamber  and jane gimler fo…
this is what fair trade does 
2  indefinitely prevent iran s ability to enrich uranium to a level to produce bombs 3  strengthen the internationa…
we are losing four times as many servicemembers in training accidents than in combat  they deserve better  read mor…
thornberry urges usda secretary to extend emergency use of crp lands
rt  repdianeblack  icymi  107 of my colleagues joined my letter to  speakerryan   gopleader &  stevescalise urging them to do everything in…
rt  riponadvance  house approved the  ndaa  for fiscal year 2018 w/ key provisions from  repmeehan   congressmangt &  repbillshuster
chairman  rep_stevewomack on the budget request from  potus submitted to congress this morning ↓
opening day on this day 1931 jackie mitchell becomes 1st female in professional baseball- strikes out ruth and gehri…
rt  foxnews    flotus   together  let s encourage children to dream big  think big  and do all they can to be best in everything that they…
i was finally able to speak with the senior class at  wgcsdhawks because of changing vote schedules in the house an…
there is no gun show loophole  a licensed dealer must do a background check wherever he/she sells  guns in america
thanks for everything you are doing  sbalinda to empower small business entrepreneurs to take chances and expand 
tax cuts
thank you to all the brave first responders and volunteers saving lives in houston  your heroism in the face of di…
ann and i were both on the train  but we are fine  we are praying for comfort for the family of the individual who…
this evening the house voted to make it easier for community banks to serve their neighbors
since 2009 more us debt accumulated than from geo  washington administration to 3rd yr of the gw bush admin budget
editorial  congress finally fixed a major flaw in federal funding that took money away from crucial wildfire preven…
a number of people have been reaching out about the current state of the daca program  while i do believe congress…
in  fl25   we are so fortunate to have so many brave men and women in uniform who protect our communities and sacrif…
rt  freedomcaucus  it s time for the senate to act 
pleased the fbi took action against in 2015  i wrote the doj to take this action & have co…
i had a great visit with  simplesugars as seen on  abcsharktank in pittsburgh  we discussed their startup story an…
rt  politico  breaking  economy added 313 000 jobs in february
what about the change   tax reform
alabama is expected to face severe weather this afternoon and tomorrow  and many schools have already closed for th…
my prayers are with the families of the victims of last night s horrific terror attack in france 
yesterday morning s mission to degrade syria s chemical weapons program was limited  well executed  accurately targ…
congratulations to my former colleague  mike pompeo  on his confirmation to be our next secretary of state  i am co…
i could not  in good conscience  vote to spend  1 3 trillion in taxpayer funds that would further threaten the welf…
grateful to hear  emmanuelmacron make the need for cooperation on combating and mitigating for climatechange a pri…
rt  speakerryan  today  the  uscapitol flags are lowered to half-staff in honor of our country s law enforcement who have given their lives…
great to see everyone today at the bedford senior center  thanks to all the community organizations who helped make…
no time for that  we need to keep working to fulfill our promises and rein in washington s spending  balance our bu…
presidents day2018 george washington
north korea s pursuit for nuclear weapons threatens american interests  proud to be an original co-sponsor of this…
 amerwhitewater thanks 
these are my  older  siblings  stan  janet  and tobin  happy national siblings day to them  and all the sisters and…
the president highlighted those wins among others tonight  but he also challenged congress to work together on immi…
at 10am  the committee will mark up h r  4242  the va care in the community act  stream it here 
in mtgs w/  realdonaldtrump   work w/ his admin  i ve noticed a major change-the war on rural america is over  we p…
bipartisan legislation promotes commercial space ventures  politics
n  tx has always embraced leading edge techn to benefit our community  milo   robokind s humanoid robot  is the lat…
rt  repteddeutch  yesterday  the house unanimously passed a bill i intro d w/  tomrooney to punish financial predators targeting veterans …
may these american heroes rest in peace  i grieve for the loved ones they have left behind 
rt  abensonij  rep  jeff duncan gives facebook ceo mark zuckerberg a copy of the constitution via  ijindexjournal
the iranian nuclear deal was crafted behind closed doors  without the approval of congress  this deal  and the resu…
earlier this week  i introduce h r  5688 w/ my friend & colleague  repcheri to protect our nation s waterways  more…
tomorrow the house will vote on  potus tax cuts & jobs plan  here are some highlights for your family  ✔️cuts tax r…
rt  murphindc    reprichhudson brings up  diamondandsilk during his questioning of zuckerberg   what standards do you apply to try to deter…
yesterday  i met with members of the american israel public affairs committee   aipac  to discuss the need to preve…
today  i am calling for the names of members of congress accused of sexual misconduct to be released  along with th…
rt  nascsp    congressmangt of pennsylvania discussing the need to reauthorize and fully fund  csbg  at the  ncafnews conference  be communi…
rt  globalipcenter  tune in to today s  housesmallbiz hearing    ip  101  how small business owners can utilize intellectual property protec…
rt  kaitlynnolczak  thank you  reptedyoho for coming to see some of the amazing research going on in  ufbme  
enjoying an incredible state of union speech  incredible stories of inspiration  courage and hope  
it s pretty simple  equal work = equal pay  equal pay day
statement - griffith amendment to help revitalize coal communities passes house 
rt  cspan  clip  the final seconds before the house omnibus rule vote is called  211-207  with  rep_stevewomack presiding  full video her…
i ve been very clear  no amnesty  we cannot have individuals get in the queue before others who have been going thr…
rt  realdonaldtrump  u s embassy jerusalem
rt  repguthrie  i m excited to serve on  goppolicy next year to help develop commonsense policy solutions 
thanks to bridging the gap advocacy and christians in action for meeting with me today in clinton  sc03 
stay prepared south jersey for yet another storm system moving through  watch local forecasts & listen to emergency…
at today s  househomeland hearing  i stressed to homeland security secretary kelly that grant money must be restore…
sheriff fuller   kzoosheriff  is one of the very best law enforcement officials we ve got  hero
columbia memorial hospital has served 1 108 pacific co  folks w/ premera health plans  many of whom were patients o…
rt  tcnewstalk  on  tcnt  now   repseanduffy talking tax reform  north korea  and more listen 
with unemployment at a 17-year low  it is clear that tax cuts and regulatory reform are working 
did you know that april is the month of the military child  military kids  we thank you for your strength and the s…
pet adoption not only saves lives but gives pets a second chance  if your family is looking to open your home  the…
with 17 4 million acres of forest land in our state  minnesotans are proud of our 52 native tree species  on…
rt  yhn    repmobrooks  compelled  to vote  no  on massive spending bills alpolitics
rt  alsflorida  thank you congressman  repbrianmast for taking the time to talk with us about the critical needs of the  als  community in f…
current unemployment &gt &gt &gt  3 9%   unemployment in 2000 &gt &gt &gt  3 9%   current snap rolls &gt &gt &gt  41m americans…snap rolls in…
happy easter 
joining  foxfriendsfirst on  foxnews shortly to discuss the need to secure our border and fund  realdonaldtrump s border wall  tune in 
today at 10am   housejudiciary s constitution & civil justice subcommittee will hold a hearing on  class action law…
rt  mizzou  ready to dance  tigers  🐯🏀 to the finish line
happy to see over one hundred constituents at this morning s nebraska breakfast  thanks for taking a break during y…
rt  housejudiciary  🚨  darrellissa gaveling in now 
rt  austin_police  apd is asking the public to remain vigilant and report anything suspicious  if you come across anything that looks suspi…
for the first time in 32 years  taxday is a day to celebrate  out with the old  in with the new  simpler  fairer  tax code 
18  and why would  senschumer  leader of the democrat party  publicly warn president-elect trump on jan  3  2017 th…
its important that we ease regulations on internet service providers to help them invest in underserved communities…
rep  leonard lance was one of a half-dozen new jersey lawmakers — and the only republican — to appear at a friday p…
my picks are in  i m taking my alma mater all the way  who do you think will win  the big dance   march madness
 fifth third bancorp will pay more than 13 500 employees a bonus and raise the minimum wage of its workforce to  15…
thoughts & prayers w victims of london terrorist attacks  essential that we stand w our strong ally now & until terrorist forces r destroyed
blood supplies are near critical levels in nj  if able  please consider visiting your local blood collection center  donate and save a life
unfortunately  ohio is not far behind     3 385    thankfully  communities are making great progress and funding fl…
tune in live today from 12pm-1pm as i guest co-host  outnumberedfnc on  foxnews to discuss top news as today s…
 ermizmo1 michael  this is a priority for me  i have been working closely with chairman roe to identify an offset …
my office is seeking a wounded warrior or medically retired veteran for a paid fellowship in my office  leanr more …
great to join many of my colleagues   speakerryan  & chairman  mactxpress this morning at the enrollment of the nat…
sad to learn of the untimely passing of assemblyman frank skartados  condolences to his family and friends  may he rest in peace 
sub environment announces hearing next week to examine policy implications of electric and conventional vehicles &gt &gt 
rt  nfp_nursefamily  supporters like  repryancostello know that  miechv  is good for families  good for states & good for taxpayers  it s ti…
rt  usarmyreserve  celebrating 110 years of service  u s a r birthday110
colony bend es has got it going on - teacher appreciation week and rayaan khan s birthday   cbe_eagles  fortbendisd
rt  jimdemint  has gop in congress lost their minds  bailing out obamacare insurers & taxpayer funding of abortions  must read oped by  ted…
each year  all eyes turn to alaska when the iditarod begins and the mushing teams kick off their 1 000 mile journey…
great meeting today in my dc office with representatives from the brain injury association of pennsylvania  these a…
glad to work with  repdonbacon on helping advance scandium production in  ne03   our state s deposits could yield n…
the lady bulldogs are ready to play   hail state national championship
there s an urgent need for  deptofdefense  usairforce to continue to ensure operational capability of bmc2/isr plat…
rt  vp  the best days for american prosperity are just around the corner because the trump tax cuts are just starting to make a difference …
stop medicare fraud  just chaired a hearing on combating this crime  estimated  60 billion spent on improper paym…
rt  stevescalise  i challenged  samspressshop to a scooter race  here s what happened next 
rt  aapa_ar  congressman bruce westerman updating at 2018 aapa annual convention   repwesterman
new momentum building for my bill banning horse slaughter  follow me if you agree  let s get this bill signed into…
i d like to congratulate lieutenant general paul nakasone on his confirmation to head the  nsagov and the u s  cybe…
this is a great success for america  also  a special congratulations to the folks in north alabama who work on this
from the bottom of my heart  thank you for your service  🇺🇸
have a blessed good friday 
rt  nasa  50 years ago  on nov 9  1967  apollo 4 launched  it was a major milestone in our efforts to land humans on the moon 
during autism awareness month  it was great to join autism advocate xavier degroat from  mi08   xavier is a true insp…
rt  txrealtors  at t x realtors gov affairs forum   repkevinbrady says  txrealtors we re directly responsible for preserving existing law on…
  congmikesimpson  this is a strong bill in no small part due to the input of members of this congress  its priorit…
 2/3  i strongly condemn white supremacy and all movements fueled by hate in our society 
lk  for millennials higher ed means long-term debt with no guarantees of a job  gopfuture millennials
rt  americanewsroom  coming up   repbradwenstrup at 10 00 am est with  sandrasmithfox 
because of tax cuts done by  potus  realdonaldtrump and the republican congress  small business optimism is at a re…
w  roslehtinen  repsires  wrote to chairman   pres of  kencen w grave concerns about their upcoming festival  which…
on a floor to celebrate public schools week  strengthening america s public schools ensures children s future succ…
rt  speakerryan  last year  we lost nearly 4x as many service members in accidents than we lost in combat  this is just unacceptable  a vot…
happy national puppy day  here is a furry friend i met the other day at the  aspca hill adoption event  pawsforluck 
rt  abcpolitics  apple ceo tim cook tells  abc s  rebeccajarvis the old corporate tax rate was was  never good for the united states  
  tgowdysc   any time you have a hearing title that has the word  preventable  in it  i think we owe it to american…
rt  govmattbevin  with  secretarycarson and  repandybarr today  touring transitional housing and discussing homeless prevention with nonpro…
president erdogan continues to test the resolve of the united states and the rest of the international community to…
today marks one week since  realdonaldtrump came to the capitol to share his first state of the union address with…
rt  michbio  thanks to  repwalberg for visiting member company  terumocv and learning about m a d ein u s a heart-lung bypass machines 
rt  the_citizen    repjohnkatko touts benefits of tax overhaul at dot foods in syracuse area  by  robertharding   n… 
check out my appearance on  foxbusiness earlier today 
met with some of the few people in south dakota who are grateful for the spring snowfalls… the south dakota snowmob…
  repjackbergman   repbost   drnealdunnfl2   repkathleenrice introduce bill to prevent  deptvetaffairs purchase car…
barbara bush was an incredible woman  selfless and compassionate  she was a champion for literacy and an inspiratio…
rt  flgovscott  governor rick scott s statement on the shooting of gilchrist county deputy sheriffs
read the letter i wrote to veterans this year 
discussing my bill to rein in occupational licensing boards killing opportunity for americans  abaesq antitrust for…
rt  justinamash  today  i introduced the readable legislation act of 2018 and the searchable legislation act of 2018 
i am categorically opposed to shutting down the government and urge leaders in both parties to stop the political b…
facebook s  terms of service  for what content is allowed to be posted on the site should simply mirror the 1st ame…
live stream the cha hearing  preventing sexual harrassment in the congressional workplace  on youtube starting at 1…
great meeting with adrian schunk  michigan state president of ffa  and libby venema with agriculture future of amer…
my final state of the union sitting next to good friend & colleague  reppeteking  lots of good memories over the years
rt  foxnews    tgowdysc   it is relevant who paid for the dossier  it is much more relevant who relied upon it  
very sorry to hear this 
 1  tax day is usually dreaded by many  however  thanks to tax reform we say goodbye to a broken and burdensome tax…
law enforcement is in a crisis  tensions between police and the public have rarely been higher in this country police week l e task force
 it s imperative that the american people have full access and transparency regarding the facts contained in this m…
rt  farmpolicy  extended farm bill  snap  remarks from  rodneydavis from thursday s  adams on agriculture  radio show available here 
rt  housegop  rt to recognize military appreciation month 
rt  speakerryan  america woke up to heartbreaking news from las vegas  we stand united in our shock  our condolences  & our prayers 
reminder  tonight i will be in  noblesvillein at the city hall from 5pm until 6 30pm to meet with any resident of t…
this morning we joined  boldglobalmedia s  clayaiken and  carriesheffield to discuss our work on  househomeland to…
i just voted in support of the stop school violence act because  as lawmakers  we have the responsibility to do every…
senator tim scott and i will be signing books today in greenville  for free tickets and more information  visit our…
i will continue to work to push through the browser act  it is my hope that mark zuckerberg  after his time in cong…
rt  housegop  women are pioneers  trailblazers  moms  daughters  sisters  wives  advocates  and so much more  this month  let s honor how w…
i met with  kycomer  sentoddyoung and the department of transportation officials to listen to constituents about th…
today  the house voted to place strict conditions on u s  assistance to reconstruct or stabilize syria  we must su…
  repleezeldin & i are working hard in  financialcmte to impose the toughest penalties in history to hold wall stre…
i m excited to announce that i am now accepting artwork from high school students across the third district of kans…
congrats to nathan adkins of commerce twp - 1st place winner of this year s hs art competition  his work will be di…
this morning s earthquake is another reminder that it s just a matter of time before we have the next big earthquak…
great news 
terrible news from lexington county this morning where two trains collided overnight  our condolences to the victim…
in defense of u s  navy s e a l rdml losey
thanks to the tax cutsand jobs act   starbucks will be boosting worker pay and expanding benefits 
rt  outnumberedot  next   repchriscollins from new york talks facebook as we await mark zuckerburg s hearing coming up in the next hour …
rt  sentedcruz  in case you missed my op-ed in  foxnews w  senmikelee   repmarkmeadows  &  jim_jordan urging our colleagues in congress to…
truth check   ap ignores the over 30 million hardworking americans who will have a vastly simplified tax filing pro…
more than a third of america s national parks are battlefields  cemeteries  and other sites that honor our military…
joining  ingrahamangle in just a few minutes  make sure you listen in 
here is a heartwarming story for the day and a great reminder that kindness doesn t cost anything 
hope you can attend my gaffney opioid summit on monday  april 23rd at 6pm  come hear a panel of experts address wa…
keep it coming  tax cutsand jobs act
last night  the administration announced country exemptions for section 232 tariffs on steel and aluminum  i will c…
the ridge high school chapter of amnesty international invited me to speak and take questions regarding gun and sch…
the  nuias is an outstanding event for the community and it s great to see dave camp and keith pretty 
rt  theaward  🗞 | media advisory   repbrianmast to recognize 70 south florida youth for goal-setting and community service this weekend  d…
rt  senatemajldr  we put forward a noncontroversial bill with bipartisan support that contains nothing senate democrats even claim to obje…
valid points but we re making progress    repsinema & i introduced  acdc   which is the most significant update to t…
i had the honor of recognizing and spending time with sgt  white & ofc  sage of the  seymourpolice for their recent…
the committee will hold its next hearing on thurs  dec  7-preventing sexual harassment in the congressional workpla…
rt  ilfarmbureau  thanks congressman  peterroskam for visiting with farmers & discussing taxreform and trade   il6 
i voted no on  tpa  to preserve the power of congress  tcot read more 
rt  reprodblum  what is the role of states in federal decision-making  addressing this important question today in our  gopoversight hearin…
first lady barbara bush was a force who loved her family and our country passionately  the flag at the  uscapitol f…
rt  flgovscott  florida still needs nurses willing to volunteer their time at our special needs shelters  you can also email helpfl flhealt…
rt  jackkingston  happy to be back at labor health human services appropriations committee  i thank good friends  tomcoleok04 &  rosadelaur…
gloria  it is an honor to recognize you  especially during womens history month  when we celebrate the accomplishmen…
icymi-house passed fy18 making america secure appropriations act to reflect priorities for defense/nat l sec  needs 
tune in at 11 00 am est as i join in on the bipartisan u s i p congressional dialogue hosted by  usip on countering cr…
rt  antonia_okafor  are you kidding me  you told me that as a black woman i am better off aborting my baby than carrying it to full term  y…
rt  natresources    interior is celebrating national park week with free entrance to all national parks on saturday  april 21  find your par…
rt  jecrepublicans  cbo s recent report now projects 156 8 million jobs in america by year-end 2027—2 6 million more than in its june 2017…
rt  johnboozman  talk small yall small business tour continues at liberty supply in magnolia   repwesterman & i appreciated hearing about ho…
this young man is a hero we are praying and rooting for you  anthony
thanks to the folks  goodwillsc in greenwood for showing me around today  enjoyed meeting all of you   sc03 
proud of  rfbo & partners  farm to food bank  effort to improve access to healthy foods for hungry oklahomans & enc…
this morning s horrifying assault in orlando was an act of hate and terror  my prayers are with the victims of this horrific act 
we stand w/ israel  unesco s hateful  biased actions to appease palestinian complaints must be stopped→
what an incredible moment  it s a great day for our country thanks to the tremendous work by  potus…
rt  cnbc  just in  at&t announces it will  pay a special  1 000 bonus to more than 200 000 at&t u s  employees  due to tax reform passage a…
the g r o w act 🌱 will improve water management throughout the west  learn more and watch this week s  westerncaucus a…
58% of americans opposed dems  decision to shut down govt over  daca   says harvard-harris poll  their poll shows am…
mountains to sound greenway heritage area spans 1 5 million acres tracing along interstate 90 from seattle  across…
why choose ignorance rather than understanding who the citizens of this country are  as well as legal residents & g…
rt  usarmy  live at the  whitehouse today  potus will award the medalof honor to an american hero  3pm edt  watch here 
in light of the 165th  atownfair opening yesterday  here s a tbt from last year when i joined kiss in honoring loc…
fact check of  ap on simpler tax filing  you got it wrong  tax reform means 64% fewer taxpayers will itemize  96% f…
congress can--and must--make sure last month s omnibus spending monstrosity doesn t happen again   senmikelee and i…
appreciated the opportunity to meet with  potus at the white house this afternoon on trade  where i stressed the i…
there s been a lot of discussion about president  realdonaldtrump s proposed recissions package  i wanted to clear…
rt  speakerryan  businesses are coming back to america from overseas because of tax reform  our updated tax code means a stronger u s  econ…
rt  housegop    repdianeblack  democrats are claiming that our bill was a giveaway to the wealthy  but if you look at some of our nation s…
don t forget  you still have until monday  april 30th at 5pm to submit your artwork for the congressional art compe…
kudos to the  natlparkservice for dropping its visitor-unfriendly bottled water ban 
bump stocks generating automatic rates of fire should face the same restrictions as automatic weapons 
photos from our  nafta  meetings in mexico city yesterday with leaders from mexico and the u s    uschamber  and…
congratulations again to carla villalvazo for winning the 2018 congressional art competition for michigan s 10th di…
rt  in_corn  this morning we held a coffee chat with  reptrey in bloomington  in  thank you to everyone attended  i n coffee chat
tune in 📺 to  msnbc s  kasiedc as i speak with  kasie live from so fla to talk about my new effort to force a debat…
rt  cspan  house  housebudgetgop hearing on  uscbo oversight – live online here 
great conversation w/ friends at the jacksonville  rotary  thanks for sharing your thoughts w/ me today 
congratulations to my friend mike pompeo  our new secretary of state  mike is a strong  diplomatic leader who will…
 today in the town of david a savior has been born to you  he is the messiah  the lord   luke 2 11 merry christmas
put simply  a government shutdown cannot be blamed on a single party—this is a problem that democrats and republica…
happy birthday  president reagan 
rt  abc  new  rep  luke messer and 17 other lawmakers nominate pres  trump for the nobel peace prize for his north korea efforts   presid…
i am grateful for the leadership and service of rex tillerson  and i know that mike pompeo will also represent amer…
 chichester i think you mistyped  i think what you meant to say was  the benefits of the tax cutsand jobs act will co…
icymi  i stopped by  actionnewsnow to chat about north korea  as well as hwy 70 and the state of norcal infrastruct…
tax reform means more     for lower  middle classes  it means growing economy  adding jobs and protecting retiremen…
joined  republicanstudy and my fellow colleagues to emphasize the importance of tax reform to grow our economy  big…
check out my latest newsletter for an update on my work in washington  dc 
i joined  replahood at bn the know w/ over 100 members of the mclean co  chamber  we were glad to hear how…
today we honor the many folks who help make agriculture our state s leading industry national ag day
our goal is to increase   of americans w/ a degree and close attainment gaps for underrepresented populations -  completecollege g o p future
rt  housecommerce  here s where you can watch this morning s hearing with  facebook ceo mark zuckerberg  💻 website 
the president s decision today on steel and aluminum tariffs reflects the ongoing nature of trade discussions  th…
congrats  spacex on landing the falcon 9 first stage and taking a historic step toward reusability 
we had a full room this morning for the first nebraska breakfast of 2018  i enjoyed visiting with everyone  includi…
happy birthday to  flotus 
the contents of these text messages between top fbi officials are extremely troubling in terms of when certain key…
an exciting day for elkhart county –  winnebago broke ground on an expansion of its winnebago towables operation  t…
americans enjoy the safest  most abundant & affordable food supply of any developed nation in the world  this is ma…
we must all do our part to minimize the number of drugs in our communities  read more about national prescription t…
i m pleased that the  natresources committee passed my legislation today  looking forward to seeing this bipartisan…
rt  pacb_allison  great to be w/  repscottperry this am talking taxreform and community bank reg relief  thx  repscottperry 4 your support…
rt  repkevinbrady  important for senate gop to stay at table  obamacare is collapsing  regardless we are moving forward on bold taxreform…
i was pleased to see the senate confirm president trump s nomination of decatur resident james thompson to the tva…
had the privilege of meeting pastor tony duty of first baptist church of boyne city  thanks for taking the time to…
icymi  although i was contacted by the eastern band of cherokee indians years ago  their story begins long before …
happy mothers day to all the moms in  fl26  and across country  but especially to my wife and mom 
yesterday  my staff met with army corps  engineers and colonel lars zetterstrom to discuss the lessons from harvey…
today i introduced its about time act to increase efficiency by changing the government funding deadline from october…
judges 21 7  what shall we do for wives for those who are left  since we have sworn by the lord not to give them an…
and we thank secretary shulkin for his service 
h r  449  synthetic drug awareness act of 2017 has passed the full cmte by voice vote
i was delighted to talk to the government students at the  kinkaidschool in houston about my job as chairman of th…
great to hear from kentucky cpas this morning as congress works to make our tax code simpler and fairer 
rt  randpaul  if only someone would have had a bill to do just that  right  justinamash  it s not too late  bring the reforms back up for…
 tbt  1️⃣ year ago today  president  realdonaldtrump stood with local communities against government overreach …
it s a big day in  natresources committee  mtpol
happening this morning   secelainechao will appear before the transportation committee to discuss the administratio…
 if you re a veteran who needs help navigating the va or any federal agency  please let my office know by calling u…
currently  facebook is enabling illegal activity and  in so doing  hurting people  in his testimony  mr  zuckerber…
rt  reploubarletta  every child is a precious gift from god  the love for life gives our country purpose  linking neighbor to neighbor & co…
rt  repwalberg  a fitting honor for billy graham as we remember his lifelong ministry 
i sent a letter to  fbi  director comey requesting notes from the clinton email investigation last month  today --
my prayers are w/ victims & all of  grambling1901  i m confident rick gallot will lead students to healing & safety in wake of this tragedy 
i stand in strong support of the comments made by the president tonight and his decision to send a clear message to…
rt  thedogvocate  goob mornin frens
what an experience to be at the 66th annual national prayer breakfast as we pause to pray for our leaders and our c…
why we march  via  youtube
the fact that  reptrentkelly and all of us on that ball field last june survived  is a testament to the power of go…
there are many lessons to be learned from harvey  especially how we can be better prepared to mitigate future floo…
news  the house voted to go to conference on tax reform  reconciling the best from the house and senate bills into…
the american people are paying the price for the unnecessary schumer shutdown  many govt workers will be furloughed…
on floor to celebrate national teachers week & our hardworking  dedicated & passionate teachers  thank you for edu…
rt  repdavidrouzer  last stop in brunswick county yesterday -- discussing the farm bill …
rt  houseappropsgop  tune in now   nih budget hearing with  nihdirector 
on this earth day let us recommit to promoting clean air & water  protecting our natural…
last night  i voted to keep the government open & extend child health insurance for 6 years for 575 kids in crook c…
today we honor the legacy of dr  martin luther king jr   an outstanding georgian  scholar  minister  civil rights c…
the american people deserve safe  reliable and modern infrastructure to achieve american prosperity   sotu 
fact  the president s gun control executive actions would do nothing to stop mass shootings  guns in america
the opioid crisis is ravaging our communities  legislation that strengthens education  treatment & screening is nee…
my thoughts & prayers are w/ my friend  stevescalise & his family  he s a fighter & a winner  he needs our prayers & support 
great speaking with you  katherine  i look forward to  sbgc2c every wednesday to give my take on all the happens in…
last year the  financialcmte worked hard to help protect small businesses  community banks  & consumers  i look for…
pleasure meeting with the muckleshoot tribal council to discuss the tribal social security fairness act  a bill i m…
speaker  speakerryan is a uniquely qualified member of congress  having the chance to be his roommate here in d c …
thank you to the people of eaton lighting for the tour yesterday  it is great to hear that tax reform is helping bu…
it appears that  potus has secured the release of the three americans detained in north korea  the president and hi…
the list of companies that are taking action as a direct result of the tax cuts and jobs act continues to grow  gre…
small biz are the backbone of our economy and we finally have a new tax code that promotes this entrepreneurship …
are you or someone you know struggling with opioid addiction  visit the  ftc website for more info on recovery res…
rt  cathymcmorris  after reading the opinion piece in the  washingtonpost about aborting babies with down syndrome  i struggled to put into…
this is a historic day in america s proud relationship with israel and a significant promise kept to locate our embassy in jerusalem 
 the time for senator schumer to put americans  first and protect the citizens of the united states is four days ov…
today i had a productive meeting with  secazar to discuss our shared goals and health priorities  secretary azar wi…
5  rodney frelinghuysen is still chairman of the full committee and still has a full work schedule in front of us …
it s wednesday which means i spoke to  latriciatnc9  newschannelnine for their weekly  c2c   this week  i answered a…
reaction on hr 4 -  repbilshuster
rt  cathymcmorris  we should focus on people s abilities and all that they have to offer  that s why i championed  able  to work in taxrefo…
i fought to preserve this tax benefit in the tax cutsand jobs act and now i introduced a bill  the gap act  to ensure…
rt  househomeland    househomeland delegation led by  repjohnkatko arrived for its first stop in amsterdam  read the full release →
today  i introduced  along with my fellow freshmen colleagues  repbrianfitz    reprokhanna   repgallagher …
rt  cspan   fbi  director comey testifies before  housejudiciary – live online here 
rt  repfredupton  what taxreform means for michigan  via  housegop
as seapower and projection forces subcommittee chairman  i visit our nation s shipyards to ensure we re building a…
scheduling update  the april 14th pewaukee town hall meeting has been moved to 10 00am at the pewaukee village hall…
thank you  texasguard for stepping up and helping our fellow texans in their time of need 
rt  houseagnews  house ag chair  conawaytx11 conaway introduces the agriculture and nutrition act  2018 farm bill farmbill s n a pmatters htt…
rt  thedailyjournal  rep  frank lo biondo  rebuilding u s  military must be new jersey s priority joint base  n… 
rt  repdavidkustoff  at 9am ct today   federalreserve chairman jerome powell will testify before the  financialcmte for the first time  cha…
as a proud advocate for songwriters  clarinda and i were honored to attend g r a m m ys on the hill this week to support t…
i support the united states withdrawing from the iran deal and president trump s decision to reinstate crippling sa…
rt  grpress  meijer gardens prepares for nation s largest indoor butterfly display
with over 77 000 farms across  ok  contributing  7 1 billion to the u s  economy each year  agriculture is a part o…
rt  dcexaminer  over 1 million getting  trump bonus  from tax reform victory  up to  3 000
rt  brianjbowden    repadriansmith   we need to put the human back into human services   stresses need to help everyone realize their full…
as chairwoman of the defense  houseappropsgop  i look forward to working with my colleagues to deliver the extra mo…
back in december i wrote to the administrator for the office of trade adjustment assistance urging him to approve a…
rt  waysandmeansgop  here s everything you need to know about how the tax cuts and jobs act provides much needed tax relief to americans→ h…
rt  foxnews    replukemesser   we eliminated the loophole that allowed child tax credits for illegal immigrants  
rt  foxbusiness  watch live   speakerryan   cathymcmorris and  repkevinbrady hold a tax talk roundtable to highlight stories of everyday am…
extremely sad to hear of the loss of my colleague & dean of the ny delegation  louiseslaughter  she recently brough…
rt  reptomgarrett  despite  housedemocrats wanting to take tax cuts away  we continue to meet with workers and smallbusiness owners across…
rt  housegop  for the first time since 2000  the unemployment rate has fallen below 4%  our pro-growth policies  like the tax cutsand jobs ac…
people in the valley are taxed too much  it s time we put in place a simpler  fairer tax plan 
rt  lansingchamber  for business owners and homeowners who were impacted by the floods   sbagov has opened a disaster outreach center in  l…
thank you for having me  it was great fun and an important message 
today  p a10 s  morgancraft25 competes for team u s a in rio2016  good luck morgan  watch live at 2 p m  est here &gt 
breaking news  the house just passed the tax cuts and jobs act
rt  houseforeign    repedroyce statement on israel
thank you  speakerryan for addressing  ldtc16  & discussing how congress can keep improving legislative data access
appreciated the opportunity to visit with & take questions from folks at the corporate hq of aviagen  the world s l…
for years  hollywood has turned a blind eye to sexual abuse and harassment  congress must not  the federal governme…
thank you fountain hills times & bob burns--things have not slowed during district work period in az 
the indiana health industry forum stands in strong support of the fostering innovation act   as more indiana biosci…
we ve hosted coffee with your congressman events in every county in our district over the past two months  i can t…
rt  houseappropsgop  chair  usreprodney   houseappropsgop is ready to address any additional funding needs that may arise from hurricane  h… 
great video from  speakerryan on the importance of the tax cutsand jobs act  american families and businesses need th…
i m hosting three pastrieswith palmer in  al06  next week  i hope to see you at one  find out more …
the night of the u s  strike in syria  i spoke with  shannonbream on  foxnews   foxnewsnight  watch here 
appreciated the chance to sit down with ohio daca recipients this morning  they re right  we must act to make sure…
a commitment to family values wasn t just a political talking point for mrs  bush  it was her life s mission and no…
also live now   reptomgraves chairs a financial services subcommittee hearing on the fy19 budget for  sec_news …
congressman griffith toured the westrock plant in covington this morning  meeting with employees as well as epa reg…
thornberry urges action on panhandle wildfire assistance
thank you for coming by this morning  i am proud to represent  cmuniversity in the house  fire up chips
 1/2  tomorrow is national prescription drug take back day  when everyone is encouraged to turn in their unused pre…
rt  rephuizenga  i m happy to see bipartisan support for my legislation  the mortgage choice act  that passed the house today to help low &…
horrific news coming out of parkland  florida  as we await details  please join heidi and me in praying for student…
congrats  waupacaschools on being selected as a finalist to win a  100k playground grant  today is the last day to…
rt  lockheedmartin  thanks  repkaygranger for joining our ceo to discuss the challenges facing women leaders at our women s impact network…
last night  i joined msnbc to share my thoughts on legislation i cosponsor that would allow special counsel mueller…
rt  marcmullins1  in washington d c  the house passes bill  including legislation from  replukemesser that would enable schools to apply for…
over 470 companies continue to announce pay raises  bonuses  and other employee benefits tax reform works u s  cons…
great flight from nyc to d c  tonight w/ a great american & one heck of a vice president  ty  vp for the invite 
today is national take back day  please bring your unused prescription medications to a dedicated drop off point to…
gracias  dlasamericas 
this administration continues to put the american small business owner first  today   potus heads down to hialeah …
i am a proud cosponsor of hr 36  the pain-capable unborn child protection act  they feel pain
great twitter q&a session yesterday  i m hosting another one this afternoon  tweet your questions using ask buddy
many thanks to the idaho association of nurse anesthetists-we had a thoughtful discussion this morning regarding th…
meanwhile  conservative priorities like the conscience protection act weren t included  it was a bad bill and a bad…
rt  frankpallone  i heard incredible messages of hope  resilience  and optimism for armenia s future at the commemoration for the 103rd ann…
happy easter  he is risen
looking for a job in or around the evansville  indiana area  get out your interview clothes and join us  with over…
rt  sierra_nf   evacuation mandatory evacuation order for cascadel woods area  from madera county sheriff s office   nixle
rt  zerotothree  thank you  repjimbanks for taking the time to think babies with us  strolling thunder
investing in world-class infrastructure will boost our economy  create jobs  and generate opportunities for all ame…
joining  wkzonews live now to discuss our bipartisan school safety initiatives  the budget  & more  tune in &gt &gt 
rt  housesmallbiz  happy small business saturday  be sure to shopsmallbiz today in your community  diners  coffee shops  and mom & pop shop…
video  land conservation is best handled at the local level  not by government bureaucrats thousands of miles away
my first read of the day   ohio s christina hagan endorses gosar plan to deport foreign felons   protect citizens…
awesome turnout at last week s regional application-writing workshop hosted by  nehgov at the  universityofga  i wa…
glad to hear secretary mnuchin commit to working w/ me to support our servicemen and women by solving this problem 
rt  goairguard  our deepest respect goes out to our brothers and sisters of the 156th airlift wing in puerto rico 
 bethannedance i did vote no 
congratulations  proud to have been a part of it 
in just moments  i will be talking to  arimelber on  msnbc about our participation in the joint ally syrian strikes…
this is 16 miles beyond the administration s request   tx07  houston
congratulations to  ndwbb on your thrilling victory over uconn  and good luck in the national championship game 
rt  waysandmeansgop  the tax cutsand job act is helping our american farmers and ranchers who work hard every day to feed the world  how  ⤵️…
today  louisiana celebrates its 206th birthday  fun fact  our state song   you are my sunshine   was written by go…
congratulations to nj04 s congressional art competition best-in-show winner tallia maglione from wall for her work  …
another day  another piece of disturbing evidence that louis farrakhan is the leading anti-semite in america as…
the new farm bill maintains vital nutrition assistance for our most vulnerable americans when they truly need it wh…
addressed the n v leg in carson monday  thx for having me & thx to those who greeted me on the way in  full remarks …
today marks the 50th anniversary of the tragic assassination of dr  martin luther king jr  we must heed his words a…
rt  houseagnews    congressmangt  whether it s bad luck  bad decisions  life circumstances  they find themselves financially in distress an…
voted in support of american energy and increased  lng  exports to help create jobs & counter putin 
we re focused on job growth and making main street thrive  my team and i enjoyed meeting with friends from the…
tax reform is helping folks across  ga03   learn more here 
we re diving deeper into the  sbagov s 7 a  loans for poultry farmers at 11  tune in here 
rt  foxandfriends    repmarkmeadows  brennan s claim that he doesn t know where the dossier s origination came from doesn t pass the smell…
rt  gwcchs     repmccaul   america s aviation sector remains a crown jewel of  isis  & other terrorist groups targeting our homeland   sonsa 
rt  speakerryan  government has gotten out of control  after decades of overreach by both parties  it is time we restore our constitution …
enjoyed touring patriot group construction  a veteran owned small business in monroe that employs disabled vets 
rt  shopfloornam  breaking  georgia family-owned manufacturer lands largest contract in company history  credits tax reform for  creating m…
thank you to mary griffith for having me in-studio this afternoon to talk trade and immigration  tune in to mary s…
accelerating  va05  economic growth and jobs creation begins with boosting participation in the…
rt  housejudiciary  the house passed the allow states and victims to fight online sex trafficking act  fosta   a product of  housejudiciary …
  cspan will also be livestreaming this morning s hearing with  secelainechao on its online platforms  tune in at…
rt  housescience    repfranklucas   hr1431  makes sound science the driving force of epa s science advisory board
it s time for north korea to release these american citizens 
rt  cathymcmorris  watch  housegop live as chairman of  houseagnews  conawaytx11 joins us to set the record straight on how the farm bill w…
had a nice visit with the mcfall family today from jacksonville   al03 
the president mentioned prison reform & criminal justice reform in his speech today- i agree that j j d p amatters  ge…
rt  americanewsroom   it s nothing new   i think it sends a bold message to congress  quite frankly  at a critical time for us to act on bo…
i am with my colleagues on the train traveling to the gop retreat in wv  i was not injured in the crash but ask tha…
thank you to everyone who participated in last night s town hall  it was great to discuss the land conveyance act a…
today marks the 50th anniversary of the assassination of dr  martin luther king  jr  he was one of our nation s gre…
on this national park week  i join  interior and  secretaryzinke in urging all americans to find your park and celebr…
star parker was back to address conservative opportunity breakfast on abortion  families  & life in general  a grea…
thinking about the folks in the bootheel affected by severe weather last night  praying for everyone who was inju…
rt  ntcaconnect  196 members of congress just sent letters to the  fcc regarding long-term budget sufficiency for the usf high-cost program…
happy 110th birthday  usarmyreserve  🎂
reminder – for any missouri-03 high school students interested in the 2018 congressional art competition  artwork m…
finally  the defense funding we need ⬇️
rt  patrickmchenry  today the house passed important bipartisan legislation to modernize the irs and put taxpayers first  click here to rea…
good luck to all of  teamusa competing in the 2018 winter olympics in south korea  especially mi-10 natives jim sl…
this week  the house passed a package of nine bills aimed at redesigning how the irs works – with the sole mission…
rt  whitehouse  watch live the arrival ceremony of the president of france and mrs  macron to the white house for the first official state…
rt  speakerryan  this bill provides our service members with their biggest pay raise in 8 years  it also supports our veterans through a re…
  lancasterscdems ask rep ralph norman
rt  housegop  a new tax code deserves a new irs  so that s exactly what we re doing  taxpayer first
 1/3  yesterday s events in charlottesville were reprehensible and an act of terror 
interested in applying to west point  annapolis  the coast guard  or merchant marine academies  learn more 
in congress this past year  i ve been pleased to fight on behalf of our north country environmental treasures  pro…
rt  transport  chairman shuster to give a 5-min speech on the 21st century airr act  tune in to watch it live here 
at 2pm  the subcommittees on economic opportunity and disability assistance and memorial affairs will hold a joint…
for the federal agency that is entrusted with americans  tax dollars  it is crucial that it is held accountable & o…
rt  tperkins    housebudgetgop chairman diane black joins me at 5 05 pm et to discuss the latest on tax reform  listen 
first day of baseball practice was a success  great to be back on the field  things like this bring a team together…
collins honors vietnam war veterans -
today is drug take back day and we started at the mclean station where our officers and csb staff were set up for int…
rt  crkennedyhigh  congratulations to mallory nesmith on her appointment to the us air force academy   reprodblum was here today to present…
glad to have  secretarysonny in michigan today to kick off his back to our roots tour  we re starting with a tour of…
u s  job openings at record  almost matching unemployed workers via  markets
no wonder our  vikings lost-- the  eagles are pretty good  so are the great  helpful folks at msp today  decked out…
  carolyn18379690 thanks for your question  ask buddy
rt  natresources    potus is ensuring the environmental review and permitting process for infrastructure projects is coordinated  predictab…
thanks to representatives from one voice against cancer   ovacinfo  for stopping by today to discuss the importance…
welcome to the  uscapitol  president  emmanuelmacron 
we must continue to show our allies that the u s  has their backs  i look forward to continued collaboration with…
unemployment claims ➡️ lowest in decades  we promised a stronger economy  and this is just the beginning 
at today s  hascrepublicans hearing   secnav76 sharing how an aircraft carrier blockbuy will save taxpayer dollars…
icymi  east tennesseans are my priority in congress  read what i ve been up to lately in the first district  tbt
the house has approved the fy18 omnibus on a vote of 256-167  this is great news for our armed forces and for our country 
island elementary school spent their first week of summer in our nation s capital  enjoyed showing them the view fr…
rep   justinamash will join  kennedynation on  foxbusiness at 8 00 p m  est to discuss the  usarights  amendment and  fisa702  votes  tune in 
 prosper   would lower tuition  reduce student loans  & create a more skilled workforce  it is legislation that poli…
tomorrow  april 25th  is the last day for  va06  high school students to submit their entries for the…
thanks for stopping by   anyaspeaks  it was a pleasure to sit down with such a bright young woman 
last night  i voted to keep the government open & extend child health insurance for 6 years for 550 kids in union c…
rt  speakerryan  updates to our country s infrastructure are long overdue  this year s  faa  reauthorization ↴ ✔️restores us aviation indus…
last year  i co-sponsored legislation to recognize the last day in february as rare disease day  today  as a member…
hope you are enjoying the christmas season with family and friends  from the messer family to yours  merry christma…
thanks  ohiofarmbureau for attending  we got a lot of useful info and heard some serious concerns from  oh07  farmers
at 1 05pm central will talk to  wilkowmajority about the recent news re  texas sanctuary cities law  tune in to  siriusxmpatriot soon 
 vp  the united states is once again leading on the world stage    housegop
the wesley food pantry at  parklandcollege and the parkland plant lab  where food is grown for the pantry  are doin…
i joined ktab to discuss this needed investment for our rural communities  ↓
enjoyed this profile of janna woodburn  the first female attorney born and raised in morgan county  janna  thank yo…
rt  stlonair   it is a crime  it is modern-day sex slavery   -- repannwagner during today s behind the headlines segment
today  luis with my office presented teacher of the year certificates during the portland chamber of commerce lunch…
some more good economic news   va10 
i fully support the second amendment and will not support any bill that threatens our constitutional right to bear arms 
rt  msactivist  thank you  tomcoleok04 for supporting ms activists - we love the orange tie  m sactivist
rt if you agree  it is unacceptable for  senatedems to hold the american people and gov t hostage to fulfill their…
join me thursday in clarinda for my open office hours from 2 30 - 4 30 at the lied public library  more info 
i asked the witnesses at this week s joint select committee on budget process reform hearing for their ideas on the matter  ↑
on yom ha shoah2018 holocaust remembrance day  we honor the millions of jews & others murdered & the survivors who wi…
the  wotus  rule has been especially harmful for our farmers in  pa10   rain puddles & backyard ditches do not requir…
major community alert  brightline is  at risk  for not meeting deadlines for installing important safety upgrades a…
acdc will give americans more tools to protect themselves online    acdc  is not without precedent  in our physical…
rt  secpompeo  i had productive meetings in pyongyang with chairman kim jong-un and made progress  i m delighted to bring home three americ…
this veterans day  we recognize every man and woman who has ever worn the uniform of the united states military 
rt  arsaworks  bipartisan house bill from  repsamgraves   replipinski   repmullin &  replawrence takes aim at  avmro  skills gap 
congratulations to ryan ahearn of richland township on achieving the prestigious rank of eagle scout  i hope you ta…
 repgoodlatte  tgowdysc what exactly happened with those memos  requesting further info from the  thejusticedept…
 some small but significant percentage of international students and faculty come to help their countries gain recr…
the bill holds the epa staffing to the lowest level in 30 years 
more good progress at buckeye lake - looking forward to continued improvements for this community 
for small business week  i m highlighting a local family-owned business in thibodaux  rob s donuts  the gauberts hav…
rt  housegop  for far too long  the deck was stacked against entrepreneurs & smallbiz owners -- that changes with the tax cutsand jobs act …
we are looking forward to hearing  potus share his vision of building a safe  strong  and proud america  i was hono…
my reaction to president trump s state of the union 
the house ag committee is scheduled to take up the new farm bill this week  in al02  agriculture is the largest emp…
it s appalling the fight for the king cove road has taken decades  but i m optimistic it ll be done 
rep  posey s statement on the omnibus bill  tcot 
rt  sbgc2c    hurdonthehill   i wouldn t have congratulated vladimir putin on this election because a lot of it was a farce   kabbfox29  c2… 
rt  secretarysonny  very important to the north dakota economy is research on fungicide resistance in sugar beets  farmers sure don t want…
welcome to the night shift  connorobriennh fy19ndaa ndaa
i proudly cosponsored this legislation in the indiana state senate to ban abortions on unborn babies who may have a…
the spending bill congress is considering breaks just about every promise house republicans have made over the last…
infrastructure is a priority in congress and  oh15  businesses can help make it happen  thanks for having me  cw ma…
join me at 5 25 pm next monday for my seventh tele-town hall of the year 
i enjoyed touring frib and i am proud to support efforts for it in the house  it will bring hundreds of good-paying…
rt  speakerryan  this week   houseappropsgop reintroduced  for the 3rd time  legislation to fully fund the pentagon at levels recommended b…
sub health votes to advance 57 bills to combat the opioidcrisis  as well as reauthorization of adufa and agdufa &gt &gt 
terrible accident this morning as an amtrak train derailed over i-5 near dupont  praying for a quick recovery for t…
rt  repdianeblack  today is the big day → the house will vote to reward hard work  grow  tn06  jobs & allow tennesseans to keep more of thei…
rt  chesapeakebay  a big thank you to  robwittman for his continued efforts with the chesapeake bay task force to support innovative progra…
enjoyed hearing from dr  chris winslow  director of ohio sea grant  at findlay rotary today about algal blooms  lak…
happening now  an examination of the federal permitting processes 📺⬇️
this week s newsletter ↓
rt  ivankatrump  this is an important day in the fight against human trafficking as this bipartisan legislation officially becomes law  tha…
congrats to julianne tarr of ramona  winner of the 2018 congressional art competition  ca50  with her piece entitled …
today  the  usarmyreserve celebrates 110 years of dedicated service to our great nation  reservists are a critical…
i m saddened to hear of the passing of billy graham  one of our nation s most esteemed reverends  he was a man of g…
now that s quite the delivery tax reform
rt  jeffjenkinsmn  wv metronews – mckinley rips into zuckerberg over on-line pharmacy ads 
great meeting w/  fortbendisd students visiting our nation s capital this morning  we had a fantastic talk about ho…
with a pro-life majority in the house & senate  a pro-life  potus in the white house  & the overwhelming support…
a great day with an american hero  if you are interested in participating in the veterans history project  contact…
  repwebster s bipartisan sustainable shark and fisheries trade act will be championed in senate by  marcorubio &…
in our darkest moments  the brave men & women who make up our law enforcement put their lives on the line to protec…
rt  hascrepublicans  chrm  mactxpress - challenges reinforce hasc concerns   result from asking navy to do too much w/ too few resource ht…
proud of team schweikert for being recognized by  congressfdn for being one of the best  life in congress  workplac…
small businesses  like bill s toasty  are the backbone of our communities and economy  it s national small business…
rt  austinscottga08  are you signed up for my e-newsletter  don t miss the latest news  info & events from my office &  ga08   you can sign…
view in  housecommerce for the  facebook hearing 
we are one step closer to a stronger and more stable ag economy for the united states and a more prosperous future for rural america 
rt  housegop  the tax cutsand jobs act is pro-family  through and through  thanks to the ✅ doubled child tax credit ✅ preserved child & depen…
the proposal includes  --&gt full funding for our military to begin to rebuild it  --&gt much needed disaster relief for…
today we mark manufacturing day - taking note of the many great  nj  manufacturers that help grow our economy and jobs 
president trump signed an executive order allowing the keystone xl and the dakota access pipelines to go forward   
 icymi  chairman shuster appeared on  bloombergtv to discuss the white house infrastructure proposal earlier this w…
received an update today from  kellyannepolls who is leading the charge at the wh to combat america s addiction cri…
because of the tax cutsand jobs act  smallbusinesses can now invest more in their people  increase benefits  buy and…
rt  adamward43215  enjoyed hosting steven hostelley   repjimrenacci staffer on the  cfaes wooster campus today  a great discussion about  c…
today  the  houseintelcomm voted to release the intelligence oversight memo publicly  the president now has five da…
great to see you and get an update on port activities 
congressional disagreement re  legislation a license for pres to legislate himself  constitutional crisis  whatto do 
rt  housescience    housescience chair  lamarsmithtx21 was honored to speak with the space transportation association about the importance…
due to media stories  just wanted to confirm that myself and the gop conference are traveling on a train that has b…
icymi -- dingell  upton opioid legislation moves to house floor
rt  nosorh  the state offices of rural health reauthorization act of 2018 was introduced by  repmullin &  repschrader  the bill reauthorize…
rt  waysandmeansgop  a lot has changed in the last 20 years since congress had major legislation to overhaul the irs - the irs must change…
democrats like  jerrybrowngov blow smoke over gop tax reform  meanwhile… they go ahead and hike gas tax 12¢/gal
rt  justinamash  trade deficits are a feature  not a bug  of a system of voluntary exchange  only in a  theoretical but not possible  syste…
according to  shopfloornam  93% of manufacturers have a positive outlook on their company s prospects in the united…
live with  chrissalcedotx - discussing the letter chairman  lamarsmithtx21 & i sent to secretary mnuchin
with flagrant aggression from bad actors like iran  this was also an important opportunity to meet with prime mini…
a true honor to present eight medals including the bronze star to wwii veteran walter easley for his service to ou…
 jeredelmore  que_divertido my district offices service seniors  vets &many more  the organized disruption of that office is a criminal act
i introduced a resolution in recognition of the  girlscouts 106th birthday  it is an honor to represent the birthpl…
yesterday  the   sd_bldgtrades came by to discuss infrastructure investment and apprenticeship programs in san dieg…
across all 39 states using premiums increased on avg by 38 6% from 2014-2017- az premiums increased by 116% in 2017
i would like to thank speaker paul ryan and his wife janna for their service to our country  it is an honor to know…
enjoyed chatting with members of the  hartsellechambr this morning at their monthly breakfast gathering – thx for t…
news  boozman  westerman visit magnolia  talk small business talk small yall ar4 arnews  johnboozman
while mr  stankevich and i will never agree on his progressive-liberal agenda  i welcomed the chance to have a prof…
thanks for taking the time to meet with her 
this week  we show our appreciation for our exceptional hoosier teachers who continue to cultivate the hearts and m…
i look forward to working with  potus to create an environment where our economy can truly flourish  joint address
meeting notice  the committee will meet at 8 am tomorrow to consider a supplemental funding package for disaster as…
  aaf reviews  prosper  earn and learn proposals  says they could lead to at least 733 apprenticeship programs and 8…
rt  energygop  alaska delegation welcomes coastal plain eis scoping announcement  sen   lisamurkowski   sendansullivan and  repdonyoung s f…
tax cuts and jobs act brings  ✔a tax cut for working families ✔more jobs ✔bigger paychecks read more at…
next up  president of  govwaste  tomschatzcagw will share his opinion on the pitfalls of the past and his views on earmarks 
rt  reptrey  last night the house passed the comprehensive regulatory review act  our community banks in indiana play a huge role in all of…
happening now   reprobwoodall is managing the rule for 2  financialcmte bills and the cr  watch the  housefloor on  cspan 
i ll be on the line tonight taking your questions  staying in touch while i m in washington for votes is important…
our thoughts and prayers are with congressman steve scalise  his family and staff and our fellow members of congress 
rt  senpatroberts  proud to join  replynnjenkins & the ks delegation on a bill to further honor amelia earhart in her hometown atchison htt…
the repeated failures of the broward sheriff shouldn t let the fbi off the hook for its failures  congress needs a…
moving blm headquarters west would ensure that the decisions impacting our land would be made by those who understa…
while i didn t know rep  louiseslaughter well i did interact with her several times as i appeared before the house…
more 📸
until a long term solution to the up s energy needs is found  i will continue to fight against these unfair increases
the tax cutsand jobs act dramatically improves the way small businesses are treated under the code and has unleashed…
rt  cnycentral    mattmulcahy &  megsnewsflash talk with  repjohnkatko ahead of tonight s safe at school town hall  rep  katko is one of sev…
rev  billy graham lived a remarkable life where he preached to more than 200 million  counseled presidents and othe…
florida citrus growers can expect  usda citrus disaster relief plan next week 
we ve got a large crowd at service academy night  if you are interested in attending one of our nation s military s…
attending the congressional steel caucus hearing this morning jobs american security
china s government has weaponized financial investment as part of a strategy to infiltrate the u s  economy  steal…
thank you  potus for protecting america s working families from the folly of paris agreement  american prosperity comes first 
new op-ed in  rollcall - the special counsel probe is tainted fruitofthepoisonoustree
rt  houseappropsgop  the fy18 energy and water appropriations bill has been approved by the subcommittee on a voice vote 
glad to hear that the president signed the interdict act into law yesterday  this vital legislation will help stop…
rt  noseniorhungry  icymi   repjoebarton &  repjohnlewis re-introduced the d e l i v e r act  recognizing the invaluable role of volunteers  htt…
rt  lynnsweet  cross aisle action at s o t u  rep schneider  rephultgren sitting together twill
 louisdp36  dgrizzzard  realdonaldtrump  speakerryan like this  and this …
great to meet with the hard-working folks at tri-way industries in auburn from wa-08  their work on the carrier pro…
keep an eye on the roads & follow any travel advisories  stay safe  mn02 
i m excited to see that  russvought has been confirmed by the senate to serve as deputy director of the omb  vought…
rt  vp  congrats rep bridenstine on being confirmed as the next  nasa administrator  under  potus  america will lead in space once again  w…
s  2155 should be the floor  not the ceiling  there are dozens of bipartisan  non-controversial house-passed bills…
excited for employees at southwire in heflin  full & part-time employees will receive a bonus & the company announ…
hosting five public town hall meetings next week throughout southwestern oklahoma – come out & join the discussion 
florida citrus industry needs help -  secretarysonny and i are committed to finding a cure saveourcitrus
rt  housejudiciary  police week begins with vigil for fallen officers 
wishing you and your family a happy easter 
rt  hascrepublicans  tune in tomorrow for  foxnewssunday w/ chairman  mactxpress talking national security  hasc 
 the deadline to enter the congressional art competition is april 5  u s  rep  jody hice  r-ga  is taking nominatio…
rt  stlouisbosnians  rep  wagner speaking on the house floor regarding genocide awareness & prevention month
today marks the 110th birthday of the  usarmyreserve  proud to be a member of the great army reserve family for ove…
rt  waysandmeansgop  today  10am  markup to further expand health care options for americans 2pm  hearing on the  potus fy18 budget proposa…
rt  housegop  the tax cuts & jobs act encourages job creators and small business owners by reducing the tax rate to no more than 25% - the…
wishing a happy mother s day to moms across minnesota and this nation  a special thank you to my mother  patsy  and…
read this week s long s short report about my 7th annual manufacturing tour ➡️
over two-thirds of the states in this country have concealed carry reciprocity with texas  like their driver s lice…
icymi  last night  the house passed my legislation which will expand access to mobile banking  learn more about the…
rt  ryanrasins  great having  mariodb in ave maria today  he s a great guy who loves our country  thanks for all your hard work  congressma…
schumer shutdown
congratulations to the  ucabears on becoming the southland conference champs 🏈🏈 👏👏🎉 go bears
rt  georgehwbush  a complete joy to welcome the  hamfam  — the cast and crew of  hamiltonmusical — to our houston office for a special perf…
rt  houseagnews    repjohnfaso  this bill is going to assist people out of dependency and into employment  there are jobs available but emp…
congratulations 
if anything  this impugns the judgement of director comey  he s the one apparently using the media to exaggerate co…
   with one of the highest tax rates in the world … that s why my administration released a … framework that lowers…
georgia facing &gt  30% obamacare premium hikes  that s why i m fighting to repeal/start over w/ a better way  gapol
had a great time yesterday travelling around harnett county 
the house just passed the faa reauthorization act & disaster recovery reform act  read my full statement …
rt  repjackbergman  the  natresources committee will hold a hearing on my bipartisan legislation h r  4429 - the cormorant control act thur…
which issue addressed in tonight s  sotu  is most important to you 
rt  nrha_advocacy  nrha is proud to support the p o w e r act which would help rural emergency rooms begin treatment for opioids immediately th…
i always enjoy hearing about the upcoming projects in the city of oakwood from my friend and city manager  stan bro…
bonnie just dropped off school supplies she gathered in her neighborhood for my refugee drive  thank you  only one…
rt  aashtospeaks    repbillshuster three things that must be in infrastructure package  bipartisanship  realistic funding  forward thinkin…
it was great to tour progressive rail and to be able to help facilitate dialogue between progressive rail and the c…
rt  westerncaucus  great briefing on important local issues today with the town of tusayan   grandcanyonnps  papillon  grand canyon airline…
chairman  repgregwalden  sub health chairman  michaelcburgess and sub oversight chairman  greggharper on ruling to…
had a nice visit today with the folks with the alabama association of nurse anesthetists 
rt  meghanmccain  my father  senjohnmccain is in stable condition - he continues to inspire me everyday with his intense grit and determina…
enjoyed meeting with  aliciasilv yesterday to discuss important political issues  we also agreed washington & holly…
 melted4 please call my westfield office at 908-518-7733 and ask for either glenn or bobbi  they will be able to assist you  — l l 
florida citrus farmers don t rely on these kinds of shenanigans to get america their orange juice  we need to pr…
this month  over 90% of americans saw more money in their paycheck thanks to tax reform  how is how pro-growth…
rt  fpfnews   we re proud to represent farmers &ranchers every day in our nation s capital   senpatroberts  conawaytx11
rt  patrickmchenry  schumer shutdown
san antonio is 300 years old  follow  sanantonio_300 for all things going on around the area to celebrate -
rt  housecommerce  good morning  we ll be live tweeting today s full cmte markup featuring bills to help combat the opioidcrisis reported…
this morning  i joined  foxnews to discuss the current state of healthcare financing  watch here 
great discussion this morning ab issues impacting rural america with ok hs seniors visiting dc this week  youthtourdc
today  we remember the 6 million jews and others who perished at the hands of the nazis  never again we remember
rt  repdlamborn  my colleagues and i called on the navy in a letter to reconsider appointing a secular-humanist chaplain  doing so would di…
this morning at 10 00 am → attorney general sessions will testify before the  housejudiciary committee  tune in liv…
rt  news_o_matic  happy birthday  san antonio  we spoke with congressmen  lamarsmithtx21 and  joaquincastrotx to learn about the rich 300…
today  america lost a great public servant and louise slaughter s family and friends lost a beloved mother  grandmother and friend 
we *might* have put glitter in it  sorry  we re just a bit excited about it 
devasted by the news in sutherland springs  tx  my heart and thoughts are with everyone impacted by this despicable act of evil
chairman  petesessions welcomes chairman on  financialcmte  rephensarling to testify on the cra to overturn a new cfpb rule 
so much great work has been flowing in for the congressional art competition  don t forget to submit your piece by…
the committee has posted the text of the make america secure & prosperous approps act  the amendment deadline is friday  aug 25th   10 am 
american families cannot afford  obamacare premium hikes 
just introduced a bill to create utah s sixth national park  utpol
our military service academies are some of our nation s top institutions  i hosted a military service academy info…
best of luck  stevescalise  you have demonstrated remarkable strength and perseverance throughout this journey 
deuteronomy 5 5b-7  i am the lord your god  who brought you out of egypt  out of the land of slavery   you shall ha…
i was honored when  potus asked me to join him last week during his taxreform speech in springfield 
on friday  mr  edward h  mims was honored with the purple heart for combat wounds received as a crew member of a b-…
rt  shannonbream  rep  lee zeldin on trump s syria strategy
thank you to the missouri members of the national association of secondary school principals   nassp  for braving t…
congressman griffith visited radford high school yesterday for a discussion about innovative teaching and learning…
the state of obamacare in arizona 2017
rt  waysandmeansgop   tax reform  there s no question  has created a new sense of optimism and a lot more investment here in the u s  
safe  fast  reliable  modern infrastructure  our economy needs it  our people deserve it  there s a serious problem…
here s what it looked like from aboard the  uscg cutter mobile bay  every spring cutters mackinaw and mobile bay cl…
 kdesrochers please contact my westfield office at 908-518-7733 if you are an nj7 constituent  let s see if we can help  — l l 
thanks to fairfax elementary school principle  fairfaxpern and hudson high school principal  bdwilch for braving…
today it is with a heavy but optimistic heart that i resign from my position as the congressman for montana   …
it s a historic day in virginia as we celebrate the first official barbara johns day  we ll discuss her legacy on…
america will stand strong  no cowardly attack will ever break the american spirit  as we gather more information  i…
sanctuary cities in our own backyard  it s not just the liberals in places like california and chicago  but gary  i…
28 cfr 600 1 is the statute titled   grounds for appointing a special counsel   1  investigation/prosecution of us…
the honor is all mine  nd is proud of our  firstladynd and grateful for her courage and grace  she is changing the…
4  train in student violence prevention stop school violence
it was great to visit with these middle schoolers from north texas and show them the  uscapitol during their trip t…
glad to see numerous new york priorities that will help seniors  dairy farmers  and veterans included in the farm b…
tax reform has renewed u s  confidence  check out my latest op-ed at the link below  tax day
rt  houseappropsgop  the fy18 omnibus makes the largest investment to date - approximately  4 billion - to fight opioid abuse  which  potus…
letting working families and small businesses keep more of their hard-earned money leads to growth and prosperity …
 repgoodlatte  tgowdysc  jim_jordan  repratcliffe  repkenbuck full text of chairman goodlatte s letter
increasing broadband access in rural america is vital to the growth of our economy  that s why i was proud to join…
rt  speakerryan  i congratulate president moon on the inter-korean summit  and look forward to specific and demonstrable actions from north…
it is always a pleasure to meet with  tn06  national down syndrome society advocates  this big hug from sweet sophia…
rt  housegop  flyover nancy had a lot to say about the 2018 farm bill  a lot of it was completely false  explore line by line what she got r…
rt  interior  on teacher appreciation day  we re proud to honor the dedicated  usindianaffairs educators that inspire future generations htt…
those who voted against funding the government are playing with fire  1/5  mepolitics
our summer internship application deadline is fast approaching  apply now or call my office for more information
as 20 yrs ago  house gop is leading the way today on welfare reform - working to empower individuals better way
rt  realdonaldtrump  heading to see the border wall prototypes in california 
rt  repbyrne  our reform bill has been a truly bipartisan effort and an example of how congress should work  thanks to  repspeier   greggha…
meeting with some of georgia s great businessmen and businesswomen at the georgia business council meeting 
rt  repmikecoffman  today  i visited w/ metro brokers dtc & new horizons primary care to discuss tax cutsand jobs act and the   impact on the…
watch  the house passed 7 vets bills this week to improve service standards and oversight at the va …
thank you to  ibew in joining me in the fight to keep beaver valley power station open  i will continue to fight fo…
growth in technology has made sensitive information vulnerable to cyber attacks  here s how we are protecting it --&gt 
getting ready to join  bloombergtv w/  kevcirilli in just a few moments  we re talking about my upcoming data secur…
as a foster care grandparent and member of the congressional caucus on foster youth  this month is very special to…
wishing the students from  cthstigers good luck today as they compete in this year s  doe_sc_nsb national science b…
saw this   life doesn t come with a manual  it comes with a mother   so true 
it was great to join the nappanee chamber of commerce last night to celebrate nappanee s future  this is a strong a…
our bipartisan work continues  learn more here   mi06 
70 years to the day  missouri native harry s  truman recognized israel as an independent country  making the united…
coming up at 10am → former dhs secretary johnson will testify before the  houseintelcomm  watch live at
thank you  uscg for helping rescue and protect texans 
this thuggish behavior by the russians is reminiscent of soviet-era thinking and leadership  vladimir putin is not…
as our threat environments change  so must our training environments  very pleased that my  fy19ndaa  amendment to c…
rt  abel_romero_  a period of consequences via  mactxpress  thebushcenter
i served with jerry green in the state legislature – he always put plainfield and union county first  jerry was dev…
rt  bigmamalsu47  capital tour with house representative bruce westerman  repwesterman
san antonio is military city u s a - learn about our rich military history 
this is what an effective foreign policy of peace through strength looks like 
reminder - happening today at 10am - the economic development subcommittee will hold a roundtable on the federal re…
the swamp is ok with this but not ok with securing our own border 🤔
joining  hammerandnigel to discuss the memo on  93wibc
follow along on twitter using wenstrup at a e i
albany and  nygovcuomo need to get their fiscal house in order  hardworking nyers deserve better
i am very concerned that not only does this deal increase non-defense discretionary spending by over  200b  it cont…
rt  americafirstpol  attn  atlanta  ga  we ve got a major lineup today for our  tax cuts to put america first  event  you ll be hearing fr…
four years ago  i was a freshman on the  houseagnews and it was my first opportunity to work on a farm bill and be…
fbi wants nunes memo blocked from release to the public  there are no national security concerns or methods & sourc…
us house just passed my prohibition on unfair or toll scheme on i-5  205  working to protect sw wa commuters  money 
on the 50th anniversary of his tragic death  we remember and honor the life of the great dr  martin luther king jr …
met with new  thecityofirving mayor rick stopfer and gave him a commemorative gavel hand-carved from a fallen tree…
rt  employeesown  rep   davereichert discusses his work on employeeownership policy in our newest podcast episode  listen here 
rt  housegop  400  companies expanding employee benefits  4 000 000  americans receiving special bonuses  80 000 000 americans seeing lower…
kudos  cfpbdirector re small dollar lending rule reconsideration   repdennisross  rephastingsfl  repcuellar…
video  watch me question deputy ag rosenstein at today s  housejudiciary oversight hearing   thejusticedept
stay courageous  senjohnmccain  suzanne and i have faith in your will to fight this  our prayers are with you 
rt  repgrothman  i recently teamed up with  jimpressoffice to send a letter to  cmsgov detailing how the settings rule would negatively aff…
  dcexaminer   jobless claims running at lowest levels in 45 years 
great news   housecommerce voted to advance my bipartisan legislation - h r  5175  the pipeline and lng facility cy…
watch live as  hascrepublicans receive an update from  deptofdefense on 2017 audit goal --&gt 
icymi  the new braunfels company is among the latest to announce bonuses because of the passage of the taxreform b…
a great privilege to meet with joann johnson to deliver her father harry sells  medals at our office in cedar falls…
rt  cspan  live now on -- federal and state officials testify on lessons learned from 2017 disasters     via house…
congratulations to ms  zestlan simmons of montgomery for being named the alabama teacher of the year 
this legislation  sponsored by  repannwagner and  repmimiwalters  is the most significant anti-human trafficking le…
rt  kimatv   repnewhouse removes his hard hat after a tour of the under-construction simcoe elementary school in wapato  find out about so…
great meeting with michiganders who were in dc attending the  aipac policy conference to discuss strengthening the…
rt  ceidotorg   we applaud  repmarkmeadows for working to ensure the department of transportation carries out its long-mandated duty to re…
bloomberg  manufacturing in u s  expands at fastest pace since may 2004  oh05  is home to 60 000  manufacturing job…
rt  krcr7  on thursday   replamalfa voted yes for h r  1  the tax cuts and jobs act  which passed with 52 percent support in the house    …
catastrophic failure by the fbi re  the parkland killer  protecting society requires a basic level of competence by…
tune in to  foxnews around 10 40am et  i will be joining  americanewsroom to discuss the recent deployment of the n…
breaking  i just voted to fund the government--including critical gov programs like l i h e a p--and avert a government…
paul ryan is a strong leader  a true conservative and a good friend  i have enjoyed sharing the illinois-wisconsin…
enjoyed visiting with students at southeastern in durant this morning 
happy teacher appreciation day to the talented educators across northeast indiana who make a difference every day  w…
i have read the nunes memo  in the interest of promoting transparency and accountability within the federal governm…
northeastern north carolina  my staff looks forward to our constituent services day which goes from 10 30am-3pm tod…
thanks for stopping by my  dc  office today  jeff and beverly  it s always a pleasure to welcome  ca45  constituents…
rt  whitehouse  watch live as president trump signs h r  2810  national defense authorization act for fiscal year 2018 
rt  cf_foundation  thank you   repdavetrott  for taking the time to meet with us and talk about the needs of people living with cysticfibr…
on wednesday at 9am ct  facebook ceo mark zuckerberg will testify before  housecommerce for a hearing on the compan…
each topic mentioned by  potus tonight has major ramifications on the central valley  and while our nation faces ma…
h r  5176  preventing overdoses while in emergency rooms act has passed the full cmte by voice vote
game face on  we re about to start the  washkastles charity classic  be sure to check instagram for live updates ➡️…
i am proud to stand with a like-minded president who also recognizes israel s sovereignty and supports their right…
congratulations to dekalb high school s fine arts team for bringing home the state championship in class 1 at the a…
thank you to the 63 other members who signed on including  repbobgibbs  usrepricknolan  repjohnkatko  boblatta…
fact check  the majority of california water goes towards environmental purposes  the grow act will ensure we prior…
  hascrepublicans &  hascdemocrats  fy19ndaa  markup still ongoing  tune in here 
snap is a critical program that helps people in meaningful ways  however  numerous shortcomings in the program shou…
this week  i was honored to receive the award for conservative excellence for my support of policies that are creat…
during police week2018  the house just passed hr 613 supporting correctional officers in their jobs by giving them…
we will never forget the heroism and sacrifice of u s  army specialist gabriel conde  may he rest in peace 
the senate is debating immigration this week  which immigration enforcement proposals do you most want to see included in the final bill 
shut the revolving door on crime  republicans and democrats work together  sound impossible  the impossible is b…
  honorflightnet brings heroes to dc to visit the memorials dedicated their wars  one of today s heroes is sebastia…
happy to partner with ohio means jobs tusc  tusc chamber of commerce   goodwillgceco  &  wjer again for this year s t…
this evening i had the great privilege of welcoming the new ambassador from japan  shinsuke sugiyama  as co-chair o…
i d also like to recognize the following pieces that placed in the congressional art competition & will hang in my…
rt  gosanangelo  watch live   houseagnews holding listening session hosted by  conawaytx11   san angelo strategically important  
it was great to kick off coffee with your congressman town hall series at edgewater arms condos in dunedin this pa…
today  5 mil americans are living with alzheimer s  by 2050  it could be 16 mil  we must continue the fight against this disease   endalz 
i joined  nprscottsimon this weekend to talk about my opposition to the current administration s proposal on offsho…
happy birthday thomas jefferson
huge bipartisan house vote chastises obama for shameful un action 342-80 
rt  ycrchamber  thank you for coming  we are honored that you were able to attend and speak to our members 
great news this morning as three americans are coming home from north korea with secretary of state mike pompeo  k…
between votes & meetings w/ akns  anne & i took some family - anne s brother  sister-in-law &niece - down to meet a…
rt  jecrepublicans    repdavid asks about the impact of regulations on employers  ability to expand and grow
161 000 of georgia s children - about to lose health care coverage amidst a devastating flu epidemic  senate democr…
i enjoyed spending my morning with  secretarysonny   kyagcommish  and  kentuckyffa in montgomery county to discuss…
glad to be there   missprice220  you have some outstanding students 
rt  cari226   repholding thank you for supporting the a b l e act my son s future is already looking brighter 
rebekah seng of cherokee county recently earned the congressional bronze medal for her work in numerous voluntary p…
rt  housecommerce  here s where you can watch this morning s hearing with  facebook ceo mark zuckerberg  💻 website 
rt  footballuga  happy national puppy day to our favorite pup  uga x 
today we remember the innocent lives lost in the attack on pearl harbor  we will never forget our fellow americans…
i was 16 when my dad died  and my mom had to go back to school  the work ethic and courage she displayed to make a…
incredible job by  southwestair pilot and  followmnu graduate tammie jo shults to land her plane safely after losin…
 tuskegeeuniv has named their 8th president  dr  lily d  mcnair  dr  mcnair will be tuskegee s first female presid…
icymi – click below to watch the fema town hall i held last friday in port aransas 
i support president trump s efforts to enforce our existing immigration laws and to secure our borders 
earmarks simply increase behind-the-scenes congressional dealmaking at an added expense to the taxpayer  but in the…
icymi  my weekly newsletter recapping last week in washington and north dakota 
as an original cosponsor  i m proud to see h res 285 pass today  it encourages the president & congress to create p…
rt  judgetedpoe  our border law enforcement officials are too often outmanned  outgunned and out-equipped by the drug cartels and gangs  i …
  tgowdysc  we are a nation of second chances  we love redemption stories  it would be nice if our criminal justice…
rt  mibigshow  i uploaded a new episode   john moolenaar  u s  congressman  r  midland tax reform  repmoolenaar   on spreaker
from local breweries to lawn companies  small businesses throughout georgetown are using immediate expensing and lo…
wishing all of our jewish friends in  tx22  and around the world a very blessed and happy passover 
joining john muir on  wsau soon  tune in here --&gt 
rt  panthers  we protect this 🏠 
met w/ executives from ptt global and their newly announced partner daelim yesterday to discuss potential belmont c…
congressman griffith enjoyed meeting with representatives of the veterans of foreign wars yesterday  including nint…
  maryaliceparks front of the train heading to the greenbrier
jerusalem is the capital of israel–if acknowledging truth inspires violence  it is those who commit the violence  n…
behind the scenes about to go live with  foxnews  happeningnow with  jonscottfnc to discuss sot u  national security…
 icymi  on  kabbfox29  i weighed in on russia sanctions   nafta  and agriculture  our nationalparks and more  watc…
jiwon created  adolescence  womenhood  using colored pencils & mastered blending colors in order to create a scene…
visited southview design in eagan to discuss their work in landscaping & hear how tax reform will positively impact…
as lifelong nyer w/ ny values i will vote for emergency harvey   for ted cruz s constituents  above all  true americans must stand together 
thanks to  oc_cyclones from orchard public school and clearwater public school for stopping by my  dc  office as par…
read this week s long s short report about the importance of free trade 
rt  kbt4allmodes    scottyspaving rod england introduces  repguthrie thank you for your time congressman  2017kbtflyin 
 facebook ceo  mark zuckerberg  will be testifying before the house energy and commerce committee tomorrow  click t…
i am heartbroken over the tragic shooting in las vegas  my thoughts & prayers are w/ the victims  families & state of nevada 
rt  housecommerce  live now  sub oversight hears directly from executives of five drug distributors at the heart of our bipartisan investig…
for many women  including myself  barbara bush is an example of living life with strength  faith  and patriotism  m…
rt  stevescalise  further proof that tax reform is working → more than 40% of companies plan to increase wages  ht…
the world lost a great american   billygraham  from preaching across the world  to being a trusted counsel for pres…
great visit with  missouricitytx  mayorowen in my dc office today  he s in town to testify about harvey recovery &…
fact  senate obstructionists  inaction has resulted in 133 fewer confirmations than president obama  barely half of…
rt  housecommerce  w/ bipartisan support  sub environment advanced drinking water infrastructure legislation to full committee &gt &gt 
rt  repmialove  happy national small business week to our nation s 30 million small businesses  entrepreneurs  and innovators  when utah s s…
always great to catch up with my constituents and fellow conservatives  diamondandsilk   nraam   maga 
on floor to remember & honor life of first lady barbara_ bush  a leader not only for her family  but for this nat…
last friday  i had the privilege of speaking to ms  jarvis  ap government class at  knights_cchs  i was truly impre…
best of luck tonight to  uf_oilers_mbb as they take on ferris state in a  ncaad2  tourney  round of 16  clash at 7pm…
congress should include an e-verify employment eligibility verification program in any immigration reform package …
given reports by critics that tax reform would kill people  awaiting word from the pentagon of casualties among isi…
rt  sunjournal   dare  students share their lessons  encouraged by  reppoliquin mepolitics
rt  financialcmte  chairman  rephensarling congratulates senate  calls for continued negotiation ⬇️
thankful to  monroecounty first responders — & those assisting from  miamidadecounty— fighting to control & put out…
rt  austinscottga08  as our threat environments change  so must our training environments  very pleased that my  fy19ndaa  amendment to comp…
these actions send a clear message that our electoral system is not to be tampered with  and the united states will…
legislation  like the tax cuts and jobs act  that makes it easier for businesses to expand & hire new employees means…
two important links  what to do after the storm  how to volunteer 
  speakerryan  realdonaldtrump restoring limited  transparent earmarks for public water projects  roads & bridges t…
 repubcollege that s not what the war powers resolution says 
rt  westerncaucus  today  our members got to hear from the  usbr commissioner brenda burman at our member lunch  the trump administration…
join me for a facebook live town hall tomorrow at 3 30pm  tune in and submit any questions you d like to ask here 
one step closer to delivering historic tax relief for american people  by cutting taxes for all  eliminating loop…
joining  hughhewitt at 7 35am et to talk news of the day  listen live here 
yesterday  i spoke on the house floor to honor  monroencpolice officers corey helms and dylan cole  these two rooki…
get excited  it s opening day and baseball isn t the only thing that s back in action  we re hard at work on the fy…
back in washington for opening day of the 115 congress  i m honored to serve  nv02  & ready to advance real change f…
rt  ncemergency  irma n c track shifts west  track errors at 4 days are almost 200 miles  2 early 2 pinpoint exact track  impact ncwx
rt  engineorg  tune in now to see  housesmallbiz hearing on how small businesses address intellectual property issues   michalrosenn with  …
on this 72nd anniversary of d day we continue to honor the courage  sacrifice and service of the greatest generation
it was a pleasure to join community members  including alejandro villanueva  to discuss how to better care for our…
rt  nfib  today is the first tax day in years that smallbiz have received some good news  compensation is up  sales are strong  & taxes r…
so blessed to be with the  mslibrarycomm today 
in their own words  the 2018 farm bill gave  housedemocrats what they asked for  this proves their opposition is bas…
happy mother s day to my beautiful wife  jennifer  thank you for being a wonderful mother  and for being the glue t…
 bnaibrith thank you for the invitation and the chance to speak to your residents  very much appreciated it 
the mistreatment of conservatives and libertarians by tech monopolies is a civil rights issue  googlememo
thanks to  foxbusiness for having me on and discussing the benefits of tax reform and trade 
this small business week  i invited the sba to modesto for a roundtable to hear from local small business owners  li…
reminder - yesterday the house passed a continuing resolution to fund the government through february 16th and full…
great to see my good friend  secretaryzinke at today s  natresources hearing  got to ask him about some critical…
we are working on an agenda to help get people out of poverty  into the workforce  and on to the ladder of opportun…
proud to join  repandybarr to pass the otto warmbier north korea nuclear sanctions act today  devastating kim jong-…
collins requests funding for great lakes coastal resiliency study  glcrs  in fy19 budget -
at  usda  attending ag day with  vp vice president pence &  secretarysonny perdue agriculture the pennsylvania 1 industry
rt  natesmith  great to hear from  repwesterman about transportation and roadwaysafety   atssahq a t s s a fly in18
chairman bishop joined  dougwrightshow to discuss statehood for puerto rico 🇵🇷 📻listen here ↓https //t co/ubtbubiqga
stopped by mcleod farms this morning to hear from one of our  sc07  farmers 
today is the 50th anniversary of the world s first 911 call and it took place in my hometown of haleyville  alabama…
rt  moenterprise   repannwagner great visit today with chesterfield-based holtec gas systems  we appreciate your support for the manufactur…
i m saddened to hear of the passing of barbara bush  🌺her grace  humor  devotion to family  & down-to-earth style e…
companies continue to pass their federal tax savings on to their customers  thanks to tax reform  more than 87 mill…
at  usda  this morning for a roundtable on wildfire outlook with agriculture secretary perdue and interior secret…
headed to our seats  joined by alex vandenberg  midshipman at  navalacademy   sotu 
in new jersey  two local representatives -- rep  josh gottheimer  d-5th dist   and rep  leonard lance  r-7th dist …
rt  unfilteredse  just now   repkinzinger tells  secupp   we have to answer a question  are we just gonna be a collection of people - that…
what s good for the goose is good for the gander  the same logic underlying the department of interior s decision t…
great round table this afternoon at the harrison county seniors center where we talked about our efforts to protect…
worse  that cost will continue to increase every yr congress doesn t act  6 yrs ago  it was  6 5 trillion 
rt  jdrfadvocacy    jdrf extends our thanks to you   reperikpaulsen  for meeting with mn advocates at j d r f gov day  and for your support of…
recently met with the elko blm to discuss several issues  including  land conveyances  wild horses and wildfires  thx for having me   blmnv
employer announces pay raises  increased philanthropic giving  and a  20 billion investment in american operations …
what do  intelai   gtcomputing   allenai_org  and  nvidia have in common 
happy national ag day  thank you to our farmers and ranchers who feed a hungry world 
joining  americanewsroom momentarily  tune in 
live at 4 30pm ➡️ joining  teamcavuto on  foxnews re  the  housejudiciary committee s subpoena of doj for important documents 
exim bank is scandal-plagued institution  needs reform  scott garrett is wise choice 2 lead  glad senate starts confirmation process 2day 
i gave blood at the hunterdon medical center on december 22  please consider giving blood if you are able to do so…
the celebration moving our embassy to jerusalem was one of the most incredible experiences of my life  i m proud t…
congrats to grayson phillips of gardendale on his prudential spirit of community award  this award honors students…
every week in utah  six individuals die from opioid overdose  this is a real epidemic and we all must play a role i…
rt  secretaryzinke   188 million in energy revenues to fund conservation and storm prep for gulf states  take your child to work day
rep   justinamash will be on  foxbusiness with  kennedynation at 8 15 p m  est  be sure to tune in 
both the house and senate are working in a bipartisan manner to fight the opioid crises ravaging communities across…
thanks to the tax cuts jobs act  acadia healthcare  headquartered in franklin  tn  announced it will add new jobs and…
35 years and counting fighting for northern ohio and america  thank you  repmarcykaptur and congratulations on beco…
3/ they will be able to assist you with va and social security benefits issues that you may be having 
 handing war-making power from congress to the executive branch is not an exercise in congressional power  it is th…
remembering those who sacrificed their lives today with  hanoverparkvlg  rodcraig memorial day
thanks to professor stewart for inviting me back to my alma mater to talk about public service with some of his gra…
proud to join harmony township board of education in honoring paul williams for his 25 years of service 
rt  foxnews    repgoodlatte   asylum is a good and appropriate consideration…5 000 a year most years  now 300 000  it s fraud  it s abuse …
the tax cuts and jobs act fundamentally changes our system to deliver meaningful tax relief to americans across the…
barbara bush dedicated her life to her family and our nation  her inspiration  grace  and conviction will certainly…
rt  nbcmontana  rep  zinke sits down with butte veterans
a pre-veterans day  tvt  honoring world war ii vet john fitisoff  thank you for sharing your story of okinawa with u…
happy birthday to my colleague from wa   herrerabeutler 
i recently shared the story of jack coleman cook and edward field  jack gave his life so edward could live after th…
rt  justinamash  here s my floor speech from 2011 regarding  potus44 s unconstitutional war in libya  please view…
this week is small business week  thanks to the tax cuts & jobs act  here are 3 ways small business week businesses…
rt  mtstandard  popular park  2 8 million-plus have entered glacier this year
leviticus 16 22 the goat shall bear on itself all their iniquities to a solitary land  and he shall release the goat in the wilderness 
we also visited the chapman early education center yesterday and learned about the programs they offer to support a…
we wish you a happy and blessed easter  from our family to yours 
last night  i voted to keep the government open & extend child health insurance for 6 years for 17 kids in sherman…
rt  speakerryan  we need the  opportunity to advance [our economy] so we can have the real jobs  not the government jobs… this bill does th…
on this medalof honor day  we recognize alaskan col  archie van winkle for going above and beyond the call of duty …
two very strong reporters 
giving the public the ability to check epa s science will enhance epa s credibility and strengthen the underlying s…
rt  hughhewitt  program today includes   wesbury on the unfolding economic boom   repjeffdenham   repmiketurner   amieparnes  dr  matt spal…
rt  repstevechabot  im privileged to hear the stories of every day americans waking up at the crack of dawn to pursue their own version of…
today  we celebrate vietnam war veterans day as a nationally recognized annual holiday  as a grateful nation  may we…
like many communities across the country   fl26  & the greater so fla community have been directly affected by the…
wrote an  fpfnews op-ed about ffa s role in growing our next generation of leaders f f aweek
you re a great american  kylekashuv--thanks for coming by to meet and for working so hard to find bipartisan soluti…
great gif by  housegop explaining some highlights of the new tax reform framework  see the plan here …
thank you for hosting me  it was an excellent visit  plastics_us
hemophilia is a serious and rare bleeding disorder that has no cure  today  on world hemophilia day  i would like to…
i am thrilled to announce that president trump has just signed the tax reform package into law  this means that mil…
the r s c budget includes my legislation   hr850   to restore article 1 power of the purse back to congress 
you ve heard about the congressional baseball game  but what about the  washkastles charity classic  tonight i m jo…
small businesses need more time to comply with epa rules  the brick act on the floor today will give wood stove man…
every extra minute in the lead up to a major storm or tornado could be the difference between life and death or tho…
reminder - tomorrow the  opioidpreventbc and i are hosting an opioid awareness action panel from 4 - 6 p m  at the…
some members of the  gamanufacturers stopped by my office this morning  thanks for meeting with me 
rt  abc  natural beauty  stunning timelapse footage shows the northern lights dancing over michigan s mackinac bridge 
rt  joeduceyreports  acting  nasa administrator is giving a presentation at morehead state university  find out why tonight on  lex18news h…
i was honored to receive the guardian of seniors  rights award from the 60 plus assoc  i will continue to support p…
rt  freedomworks  help restore fiscal sanity and tell your representative/senator to vote for  repsanfordsc s one percent spending reductio…
i applaud the nomination of thomas cullen to serve as the united states attorney for the western district of virgin…
the presidents daca announcement couldn t have come at a worst time  easter is a day for many to rejoice and come t…
rt  sbcountysheriff    sanbernardinopd has confirmed 1to3 possible suspects multiple victims   sbcsd  &other agencies assisting  more info t…
through the modernization and advancement of our airports and air traffic control system  we can strengthen our tra…
great point from my colleague  repzoelofgren on fisa reauthorization bill  trust the experts  judgetedpoe…
in advance of severe weather in baton rouge  sandbags available at these locations via  theadvocatebr
 the committee will continue to investigate allegations of misconduct  mismanagement  and whistleblower retaliation…
the congressional app challenge starts in 2 days  to enter and compete in the houseof code click here …
thanks to  wqee99rock for having me on the air this morning to talk tax reform and passing the first part of  potus…
yesterday i spoke on the positive impacts of the tax cuts and jobs act in a speech on the floor of the u s  house o…
rt  housebudgetgop  new  meet house budget committee chairman  rep_stevewomack in our very first episode of h b c member spotlight 
i m so sad to hear this  she was one in a million  praying for my friend  jebbush and the entire bush family 
rt  middletownoh  interested in a career in aviation  that could soon be possible thanks to the development of a drone school & an avionics…
today s tax reform good news  data sales company  inc   a small it services business in minneapolis  is giving all…
today  in a tremendous win for sex trafficking survivors   fosta    my  sesta  amendment was signed into law  read my…
yesterday s listening session on mental health in kalamazoo with  repdebdingell was a great opportunity to hear fro…
watch  i spoke on the house floor in support of h r  4979  which will lower costs for u s  manufacturers and suppor…
happy st  patrick s day  nc10   this year i was honored to join  potus   speakerryan  & the taoiseach of ireland  le…
rt  usarmy  rest easy   iron mike   maj  gen  michael d  healy  a green beret leader who cemented the role of special operations in the …
over 30 000 children in  co03  use chip to get the healthcare they need  which is why i urge senate democrats to sto…
what do women value in the workforce  freedom  choices  & flexibility  here s how taxreform is delivering just t…
the iran nuclear deal is one of the worst and most one-sided transactions in u s  history  president trump was righ…
rt  foxnews    repdavid   the left keeps just making facts up  
in just a few minutes  i ll be speaking on the house floor with several of my colleagues from georgia and alabama a…
military appreciation month
any day we can be with maggie megellas is a good day 
this week marks national police week - i hope you will join me in thanking our heroic police officers throughout…
national security starts with congress fully funding national defense at the levels authorized by  fy18ndaa … 
  potus is right to call the opioid epidemic the crisis next door  it is about our neighbors  our friends and our f…
hace 57 años  la brigada2506 empuñó las armas con valentía para liberar al pueblo cubano de las garras de una dict…
 well done  good and faithful servant   the world lost a champion of the gospel today  we grieve with the graham fa…
congrats to winners of dubuque-area  ia01  congressional high school merit awards  jenna springer hempstead hs   ma…
thanks for stopping by 
the national guard should be deployed to the border upon the request of the state governor to help ensure that our…
rest in peace uncle dan - thanks for your mentorship and love 
 senthadcochran  ummcnews  senatorwicker ‼️happening live now 
harry shoop  a wwii veteran of lynchburg  oh →
thanks to the tax cutsand jobs act  america s largest employer is giving out bonuses and raising wages   walmart
very proud to bring  navalacademy midshipman alex vandenberg of sugar grove as my guest to the state of the union a…
rt  ashleighhnews  congressman  repralphnorman references the importance of the opportunity zone to where we re standing in fairfield count…
it was an honor to gather with folks in anderson  sc03  today for a time of prayer  i hope that everyone took time o…
proud to stand with this great group of students from meadowbrook middle school in byesville  thanks for visiting …
rt  speakerryan  small businesses are the backbone of our economy  because of tax reform  they are now able to create more jobs for their c…
find out more here ⬇️
rt  senjohnmccain  disgraceful that venezuela opposition leaders once again detained - us should demand their immediate release
meeting update  the committee will meet on h r  1  the tax cuts and jobs act  tonight at 6 30 pm 
hr 5239 - cyber sense act ✅ protects our grid infrastructure from cyber attacks by ensuring electric utilities can…
the committee will meet on monday july 24   5pm on a cra to roll back a cfpb rule & start consideration of make america secure approps act 
helping nc farmers through trade means removing barriers and leveling the playing field  when we get bad policies o…
rt  repadams   repmarkwalker and i are proud to announce the  bcbsnc is the first nc company and third entity to take the bipartisan  hbcuc…
happy birthday  joplin   mo07 
doj brings 11 count indictment on uranium one deal  collusion with the russians was never trump & always hillary…
the winners of the 2018 congressional art competition have been chosen  for more information  please click here 
good discussion with the branch county farm bureau today about ag policy and the farm bill 
the public comment period for proposed changes to the waters of the united states rule ends wednesday  comment here…
yesterday we had the opportunity to visit virginia technical institute in altavista to highlight our efforts to pr…
washington post criticized my provision in the farm bill  i guess they want a farmer to pay 40k for healthcare  n…
quick break and then the  ldtc17  will be back at 3 00 p m  for integrating data and documents with standards
🚨  hurdonthehill gaveling in now 
thanks to all new york & long island first responders doing so much to aid the good people of texas  makes all new yorkers proud 
rt  cspan    housebudgetgop  housebudgetdems hearing on  uscbo oversight – live online here 
thank you to  heritage_action and  jimdemint for the opportunity to speak at opp4 all regarding national security policy in congress  tcot
the nuclear option  slavery  and the tyranny of the majority 
my plan will  *provide federal grant   to school districts seeking to install metal detectors  *require any school…
rt  lifenewshq  house majority leader kevin mccarthy says this congress is  one of the most successful  for pro-lifers  here s why
director mike pompeo was 1 in his class at west point  an exceptional cia director & member of the house and a goo…
ga-01 is already seeing the benefits of tax reform  visit or text  tax reform  to 50589 to…
rt  repmartharoby  i m glad to be participating in today s discussion  looking forward to hearing from attorney general jeff sessions 
i m pleased to see bipartisan support for my bill to protect our native columbia river salmon and steelhead continu…
 cnnireport yes  took the photo myself  i m fine  first responders quick to the scene 
the city of new york is strong & i am thankful the attack this morning spared all innocent lives  i pray for those…
enjoyed talking about taxreform and i r sreform  and taking selfies   with  tax_experts this afternoon 
happy birthday  president reagan 
doj/fbi must provide congress w/original doc stating exactly why trump-russia was opened  while sc investigates pot…
tribal members should have the same economic opportunities as everyone else  my bipartisan bill to repeal an antiqu…
as the north country continues to grow  the need for reliable air service to major hubs is vital to our region s su…
i m grateful to  ubs for inviting me to speak to utahns about my work on  financialcmte  deregulation …
starting and growing a small business is difficult and full of unexpected setbacks  i was honored to attend the 201…
lights  camera  action – it s  repwebster s birthday  🎥🎉
less than 1/3 of 8th graders in the u s  show proficiency in science & math  we must encourage  stem  innovation to stay globally competitive
the citizens right to know act will help bring accountability to the pre-trial release programs around the country …
during times of need  we help our friends & stand by our neighbors  today  house took first step to supply additional aid for harvey relief
rt  waysandmeansgop  this week w&m will host three committee hearings  details  ➡️ wednesday at 10 00am - hearing with  ustraderep ➡️ wedne…
coming up at 10 a m  → hearing on lessons learned from the 2013 boston marathon bombing to the march 2018 austin se…
i truly appreciated the opportunity to ride with the ohio state highway patrol this morning  troopers are encounterin…
as a korean war veteran  i know firsthand how dangerous that area of the world is  & our ally south korea needs to…
great seeing folks from  tmmtx this morning  appreciate y all stopping by to discuss the importance of  nafta  for o…
nuts  defund acorn & successors forever  i brought 1st acorn defund amendment to floor of house 2 years before shoc…
 badawyyia  indivisibleca48 the slaughter of unarmed civilians here & europe by islamic fanatics should not be ignored by us policy 
at the terre haute chamber this morning listening to a legislative update from local state house reps and senator f…
rt  andrew5047   now is the time to diversify our funding sources  -  transport committee member and my congressman  rodneydavis speaking t…
  speakerryan has served our country honorably  i appreciate his leadership in both policy and in character  and i…
good news -  secretaryperry has said that  energy will suspend its practice of selling excess uranium at below cost…
coming up at 2 00 p m  → hearing with  tsa_pekoske to examine  tsa s fy 2019 budget request  watch live here …
icymi  my common sense fix to fema passed the house and is on its way to become law 
tax season is upon us and we are counting down the days until  tax day  with the top reasons the tax cutsand jobs act…
steve scalise is a great leader  should he run for speaker  the house will get a strong conservative at the helm  a…
rt  reptedbudd  i joined  reprichhudson this morning to participate in a human trafficking panel in salisbury  we are working to bring awar…
tax cut signed into law –  2 000 savings for average family  relief for seniors  students and small businesses  n…
rt  monroemiradio  congressman tim walberg also spoke about the hard work that went into today s announcement of the michigan national guar…
yesterday  i announced plans to introduce legislation that will encourage local school districts to buy and install…
a little bit of ❄️ isn t going to keep me out of the office  the house of representatives is open for business toda…
saturday is national prescription drug take back day  help fight the opioid crisis - safely dispose of unneeded med…
i am urging my house colleagues to join me in denouncing farrakhan and reaffirm our commitment to our greatest ally  the nation of israel 
if you re having a problem dealing with the federal government  my red taper cutters will be holding mobile office…
congressman griffith s weekly e-newsletter 10 16 17  energy independence is closer than ever  cost sharing reduction
happy mothers day to the women who provide unconditional love to our children  especially my own mother and my amaz…
small biz owners are confident because employment  income  and economic output are all on the rise thanks to…
we are fortunate to have the okefenokee swamp in the first district  thank you to refuge manager michael lusk and o…
- record spending levels - no wall/border security - obamacare intact - funds planned parenthood - sanctuary cities…
it s urgent for team telecom to conduct review before 4/7 transition of us telecoms database to foreign owned co  t…
a special shout out to abigail from  iupui who is a winner in a national competition by the council on undergraduat…
rt  maustermuhle  pepco says it will lower electric bills for almost 300 000 ratepayers in d c   largely because its corporate tax rate was…
tune in now  i m asking  cfpbdirector mulvaney about my home mortgage disclosure adjustment act   hmdaa  watch live 
hanceville  al workers at american proteins inc  are the latest people to receive a  1 000 bonus check as a result…
watch my q&a with federal reserve chair yellen during yesterday s  jecrepublicans hearing 
leah and i are saddened by the tragic train accident that occurred today in crozet  virginia and we are praying for…
collins secures funding for rural hospitals in the bipartisan budget act -
rt  usglc  high-impact event today on why us global leadership matters for appleton with  repgallagher  jmellenberger and gen troy  big th…
rick  i m thinking of you & sending my prayers and best wishes to katherine and all the nolan family 
cherry blossoms in full bloom in our nation s capital 
rt  puremichigan  just a few hours left to vote  who will be crowned the most flannel city in america  vote upper peninsula 
rt  cscinc_org   repcharliedent came to early head start-center based to learn more about babies affected by opioidcrisis earlyeducationw…
fantastic news  while there s still work to be done to connect trained workers with unfilled positions  overhauling…
we have so much to be grateful for  happy thanksgiving 
why are consumers facing higher–not lower–costs when going to buy a car  the answer is quite simple  regulatory ove…
chairman  repkevinbrady   goodbye and good riddance to that outdated  monstrosity of a tax code that took too much…
rt  houseappropsgop  this morning at 9 30 am  secretaryross testifies before  congculberson & the commerce/justice/science subcommittee on…
what does the future of the navy look like w/ china & russia growing their naval capabilities  talking on this…
fun to wake up with the  dsmpartnership today  today is the second day of meetings with all of the organizations wh…
rt  oakgov  national prescription drug take back day is this saturday  4/28  10 a m  – 2 p m  visit for locations  don …
great to join  ltsanguinetti &  repbillfoster today at the rock run rookery preserve  thank you to the  illinoisdnr…
rt  okhighered    tomcoleok04 shares w/ state regents   there s nothing more important than giving kids an opportunity to succeed  
rt  femaspox  today   10amest   fema s director of continuity communications antwane johnson joins  fcc & others to testify before  househ…
she lived her life in the public eye with tremendous grace and humor  my thoughts are with her family at this difficult time 
rt  wjmn_local3    congressmandan released a statement on the president s executive actions 
on  mlk50   we celebrate the life and work of dr  martin luther king jr  50 years after his tragic death  may we nev…
i-12 now open in both directions after entergy crews remove downed power lines
rt  yceapa  with  repscottperry at  aaron_ent_inc and  shiloh_paving hearing about rail and transportation in yoco 
thanks to an increasingly robust u s  economy  employee wages have hit record highs in  oc  and across southern cali…
rt  realdonaldtrump  national prescription drug take back day numbers are in  another record broken  nearly 1 million pounds of rx pills dis…
welcome to twitter   toyotapolicy  we re so glad you made  tx24  your north american home 
rt  natresources    secretaryzinke  president  realdonaldtrump and i are 100% committed to keeping our border communities and the american…
she raised an incredible family  including another president  and lived her life with humor  generosity and compass…
horrified to wake up to the news of the las vegas shooting  i m praying for the victims and their loved ones 
🚨 breaking  → house passes  cathymcmorris  bill that will save taxpayers  16 million and protect fish by preventing…
more american jobs - 313 000 of them - were created just last month as unemployment rates continue to reach record…
tune in to  houseappropsgop hearing on the  irs  budget request  accountability oversight
great job by secretary of state pompeo and president  realdonaldtrump securing the release of the three americans b…
as everyone in erie continues to deal with the record-breaking snow storm and frigid temperatures  please take eve…
rt  secretaryperry  excited to tour alaska s energy infrastructure with sen   lisamurkowski  can t wait to see new energy realism at work  …
had a great discussion with the carson city rotary club  thanks for having me   nv02 
3  doubling the child tax credit to help families the new code doubles the child tax credit from  1 000 to  2 000…
after a lot of hard work and commitment  the young leaders of troop 730 have reached the highest level in their sco…
 i reaffirm my commitment to ensure that the doe  along with its national laboratories  will continue to support th…
this wednesday  march 28th around 5 45pm  i m hosting a teletown hall for citizens of beaufort & pamlico counties …
rt  jsteward8  our jdrf advocacy team from nc and sc wants to thank addie patterson and  repjeffduncan for supporting our mission to turn t…
our 18th district never fails to provide stunning views on early morning drives  agriculture farmland
big news  blake pyron of  blakessnowshack is scheduled to ring the new york stock exchange opening bell this mornin…
great news for evansville  partnerships between local businesses and professional and technical training schools wi…
next  ca04  townhall  angels camp wed sept  20 6pm  bret harte high school gym  364 murphys grade road 
but as the pilot has expanded  there are significant concerns about the quality of the data supplied by foreign pos…
 if it is possible  as far as it depends on you  live at peace with everyone   - romans 12 18
with my support  the house just voted 356–70 to give our troops the pay raise they deserve 
rt  uminjurycenter  thank you  sencapito   repmoolenaar   repdebdingell   repmikebishop for hosting a congressional briefing to address the…
rt  insideradv  inside democracy  q&a with representative drew ferguson  repdrewferguson  totalspectrumdc
good news for central texas -
 as the son of smallbusiness owners  i know that it s helped my parent hire more employees  it s helped us pay off…
rt  waysandmeansgop  with our new tax code  you get to take home more of every hard-earned paycheck  here is where to look on your pay stub…
heading to cedar city  meet w some college students then look at the fire damage  we need to push hard for extensive restoration effort
throughout rex tillerson s tenure at state  he has acted with the utmost professionalism & guided our nation throug…
great meeting with the vietnam veterans of america  including dave simmons  the president of the west virginia chap…
rt  speakerryan  today  the  uscapitol flags are lowered to half-staff in honor of our country s law enforcement who have given their lives…
are you planning a trip to washington dc  if so  please do not hesitate to reach out to my office so we can set up…
good news  manufacturing in u s  expands at fastest pace since may 2004 per bloomberg  business
the worst thing congress could do is split the alliance and push moscow into the arms of beijing  opp4 all  heritage_action
icymi  here is my weekly newsletter the hill report --&gt 
rt  robwittman  china and russia are modernizing their attack submarines and ramping up production  to meet today s threats  we must get to…
 additionally  in order to bridge the skills gap and realign postsecondary education with in-demand jobs  the prosp…
 lala_laurenann i respect all people by telling the truth even though it gets some people mad at me  pointing out inconsistency is proper
attack by turk pres erdogan s henchmen on peaceful protestors is unacceptable - overt act of violence against ppl e…
in 2016 89% of all intoxication deaths in md were linked to opioids  and the frequency of opioid-related deaths quadrupled from 2010 to 2016
 unitedswd1968  realbobaxelrod correct  it was a typo  should say 2 million  not 200 million  fixing now and will re-post 
rt  freedomworks  freedomworks  congressman of the month - jim bridenstine  via  neilsiefring
attention flood victims  the irs just released the much awaited disaster relief tax guidance  view it here …
as we admire the beauty of our national parks in  fl26  and around the country this national park week  it is essenti…
watch  about to go  live  on  foxandfriends on  foxnews  tune in  better with friends
at a house armed services committee hearing this morning  i questioned general thomas waldhauser  commander of the…
new temporary post office up and running in cadiz 
rt  astaagents   reptrey thanks for taking time to visit  travelauthority s bloomington office to talk about issues of importance to trave…
rt  betsy_klein  this chain link fence was bent and broken by a bullet nearly one year ago — today  congressional republicans were back in…
we ve seen more progress in north korea than we saw during the entire obama administration  and it s a direct resul…
the tax cuts and jobs act is working for south carolina s businesses and families  more money is being placed back int…
rt  housecommerce   it was my mistake  and i m sorry  i started facebook  i run it  and at the end of the day i m responsible for what happ…
democrats are trying to preclude us from displaying this poster  hilarious 
new law  today  the biggest pay raise for our troops in eight years became the law of the land  the president signe…
 mcdonalds is expanding worker tuition benefits because of taxreform    i m lovin it 
  springfieldnl   springfield solar company hiring more workers  credits trump s tax cut  tax reform
rt  repmccaul  great to have the  republicanstudy endorse the securing america s future act — my bill w/  repgoodlatte   raul_labrador  &  …
meeting announcement  tomorrow the committee will meet at 4 pm to consider h r  4478 - fisa amendments reauthorization act of 2017 
congrats to all of the great oc schools recognized for their great work  thank you to the teachers and employees de…
looking forward to supporting the bipartisan music modernization act on the house floor tomorrow  grateful to work w…
tax reform is directly benefiting hardworking americans and small businesses in the first district  see how…
at yesterday s  hascrepublicans hearing  i asked our witnesses to share their strategies for combating the foreign…
rt  houseagnews    conawaytx11 on getting  snap  policy right  it s about helping every citizen realize the american dream by modernizing a…
  iubloomington  it gives student info on all fed loans  private loans  cumulative debt  monthly repayement  interest rate  etc    2 
  realdonaldtrump was elected to shake up washington   senjoniernst and i are working to help him drain the swamp b…
read my op-ed  democrats  hypocrisy on medicaid reform  in the  washingtonpost 
how have tax cuts helped you and your family  share your story with me here 
this morning i had the honor to present my  champion for drug-free missouri  award to the johnson county recovery c…
enjoyed attending hartselle mayor randy garrison s state of the city address  marking all the city accomplished in…
with today s announcement  we are finally officially stating what is a well-known fact  jerusalem is the capital of…
february is national cancer prevention month  but it is important to remember that steps can be taken to prevent ca…
i applaud & support this decision by the  whitehouse  we stand strong with our allies in the uk  and firmly against…
marquette had their annual holiday parade and tree lightning ceremony this week 
this award recognizes those who uphold conservative principles  i would like to thank the american conservative uni…
rt  speakerryan  congress struck down another bad regulation that would have benefitted wealthy trial lawyers at consumers  expense 
let us remember the bravery of the men and women who fought and the sacrifice of those   
proud to be part of this great event this morning for national ag day
today i had the great opportunity to speak at the great lakes congressional breakfast sponsored by  glcommission &…
recently toured alcon in alpharetta  great to learn more about contact lenses & this innovative technology   ga06 
enjoyed meeting joshua and dylan this morning before their tour of the us capitol   al03 
if i spent months feverishly attacking lower taxes and bigger paychecks for hardworking americans as  armageddon  a…
rt  edworkforce  tomorrow  higher ed subcommittee to discuss finaid & need for simplifying 
rt  wateraidamerica  great op-ed piece by  judgetedpoe  thank you for your leadership on issues of clean water  sanitation and hygiene  htt…
rt  aaronellis01  alert  members of the kentucky house delegation to congress took time to honor those victims of the marshall county s…
if you ate today  be sure to thank a farmer  thank you to all our farmers & ranchers who give america the safest an…
rt  congculberson  omnibus does not provide federal law enforcement funding for sanctuary cities  read my memo   reining in sanctuary citi…
barbara bush was a truly tremendous woman  she was a devoted wife and mother  and a tireless advocate for our count…
rt  replynnjenkins  when the house votes today on the taxpayer first act  introduced by myself and rep  john lewis  d-ga   they ll be votin…
i went to  lakeemergency  13 shelters open at 8am on saturday  9 shelters are pet friendly  swat & ert have been tr…
more great tax reform news   georgiapower customers to receive  1 2 billion in benefits from the tax cuts and jobs…
thx to all those who joined me today in livingston county for a conversation on combatting the opioid epidemic  we…
watch  i ll be on  foxbusiness soon to talk about zuckerberg hearing
keep an eye on your weather alerts this weekend and stay safe 
here s a column i wrote for  pachamber discussing potential regulatory reform in the new congress 
good luck to the brent berry food drive as they kick of their 10th year  brent and his family have worked hard to p…
-strengthens the background check system -amends the dickey amendment to allow the cdc to conduct research on gun v…
it is time for sex trafficking in the united states to end  the house took a big step today 
police officers put their lives on the line to protect us  this week  i doubled down on my commitment to supporting…
  repbeatty and i are excited to have cmax connecting nearly 400 000 people along cleveland ave to their jobs  scho…
my 2018 nominees for the for us service academies are young idahoans meeting the highest standards  learn more …
on april 26th the w&m heath subcmte will hold a hearing to identify how policy makers can deploy innovative practic…
rt  stevescalise  this hurricane preparedness week  take time to make an evacuation plan  for more information on evacuation zones and safe…
rt  cspan  mark up of the defense authorization bill  hascrepublicans  hascdemocrats – live on c-span3 here   fy19… 
did you miss my latest e-newsletter on things happening in  oh07   you can read it here 
rt  natresources    rep_hunter s bill expands access to shooting ranges on public lands  h r  788 is a win for  ✔️ hunters ✔️ recreational…
inspirational start to the day listening to the story of major scott smiley here at national prayer breakfast  watc…
honored to receive  whitecoatwaste award to stop animal cruelty  most americans would be horrified to learn that t…
i ll be going live on the rick rydell keni show in a few moments  plz join in --
met with local officials and first responders in dearborn county today following the recent flooding  so impressed…
rt  houseagnews  in this week s farm bill friday   repfranklucas  ok-3  emphasizes the impact the farm bill has on the lives of all american…
house to hear from  deptofdefense on state of overseas military voting tomorrow after mark up of stem competition regulations 
 realdonaldtrump thank you  for your support of space force  it is critical for our national security   hasc… 
rt  senrobportman  congress must act quickly to address this crisis  fentanyl overdose deaths are skyrocketing in ohio 
enjoyed visiting with folks  jwemc  the energy cooperative that distributes power to more than 43 000 residents and…
our view of totality from oregon  solar eclipse2017
rt  drphilroe  i had the pleasure of meeting with malcolm mcpherson  national president of the  elksntnlfndtn today to celebrate the elks …
have you checked your paycheck  90% of americans are set to see increased paychecks due to the tax cuts and jobs act r…
excellent work by our intelligence officers & military officials who remain vigilant in our fight against isis  i a…
no state has been left untouched by the opioid crisis  at  housecommerce  we re continuing to work together on bipa…
icmyi  it was wonderful to present ronnie with the purple heart in front of his friends and family in mesick last m…
my office continues to be involved in conversations to combat humantrafficking  the  free the captives human traff…
on this day in 1940  la guardia airport is officially opened to the public  pic is of 1939 opening cc   ny_njairports
eager to see the momentum on the farm bill continue so we can move this legislation over the finish line  it s my j…
rt  repseanduffy  live today   financialcmte hearing with  cfpbdirector mick mulvaney at 10 am est →
rt  alabamaema  today  governorkayivey signed the federal-state agreement with the federal coordinating officer thomas j  mccool  the feder…
rt  houseforeign    repedroyce backs funding bill that advances committee priorities
i am looking forward to working with my colleagues over the coming weeks to make taxes lower  simpler  and fairer tax reform
rt  foxnews    speakerryan   hollowed out  us military needs spending boost following recent crashes
unlike  senatedems we will not allow our troops and our children to be held hostage for political games …
today marks the 50th anniversary of the assassination of dr  martin luther king  when news of his death reached the…
  sc_taxpayer ask joe wilson
rt  stlfiredept  labadie & marnice place - not sure what was inside this sewer pipe that lured this puppy  but it wasn t coming off easily …
chairman  usreprodney  it is time that we fully fund the federal government for fy 2018  our current continuing res…
great to again see and chat with  heritage new president  kaycolesjames this morning  a conservative leader for dec…
rt  indiana_soy  thank you  replukemesser for attending today s coffee shop talk sponsored by  firstfarmersbnk  we greatly appreciate you…
please continue to monitor local news in the wake of today s storms in the  nc05 
gorsuch&gt &gt thomas in this case  bad ruling  constitutionally  everyone deserves a court hearing before having their…
rt  natresources  utility bills across the country are dropping  why  tax reform 💡 
join me in praying for our great country today on this national dayof prayer   al03 
welcome to 2018 
the house will vote on the 2018 farm bill this week  it funds education and training programs and includes work requ…
 the planetary society is pleased to see the house science committee advance h r  5503 as amended  and is particula…
i ll be chatting with  joetalkshow in a few minutes  watch here or listen here
i am proud of our president s successes and look forward working with him and my colleagues for a successful next 1360 days 
2 232 pages of ballistic podiatry  gop  omnibus sassywithmassie
 we re providing interested members of the house the opportunity to be part of the ongoing conversation about cbo s…
after 8 yrs  the sec is returning as the rightful regulator of broker-dealers  the dol fiduciary rule was already h…
rt  gopleader  as a matter of principle  global security agreements must be verifiable  enforceable  and accountable  the iran deal fails o…
rt  shannonshepp  thank you  tomrooney  repdennisross  adamputnam and  flgovscott for your work to help growers of  ojfromflorida   senbill…
rt  foxbusiness    reptomprice  there is too much government involvement in healthcare  doctors should help make your medical decisions  no…
rt  foxnews  opinion  rep  jim_jordan and  repmattgaetz  special counsel needed as questions mount on clinton  comey  russian dossier and m…
this is great news for louisiana s economy and future job creation 
a gao report found koskinen did nothing to ensure the irs stopped targeting americans based on political views  he should be impeached 
thornberry statement on american health care act
rt  jessicadomel  yesterday   texasfarmbureau presented  mactxpress with a friend of farm bureau award for all his work on behalf of agric…
my new piece in  thehill lays out the damage already being done by the aca s cadillac tax to hardworking americans …
i would like to congratulate steve johnson on his 40th anniversary at  whnt i m honored to be one of the many he ha…
i stopped for lunch at  urgieschzsteaks downtown  delicious sandwiches   va06 
rt  dmschools  the  google computer science road show stopped  meredithhuskies on friday  with special guest  repdavidyoung  to teach 6th g…
rt  housecommerce  live now  sub health hearing on  combating the opioid crisis  prevention and public health solutions   &gt &gt 
congratulations for re-election victory to prime minister victor orban & the ruling majority of fidesz-kdnp  first…
   conducting interviews of over a thousand victims of this violence and documenting the crimes against humanity that have occurred 
rt  speakerryan  we ve been preparing for tax reform for a long time  and we re doing this the right way 
it was great to join ken  host of this day on laguna woods village television  to talk about important issues such…
following our bipartisan meeting with president trump  and with his full support  we introduced this legislation to…
the health of our lakes and ecosystem is a vitally significant issue  this  nsf grant to the cary institute will he…
rt  repbyrne  on this national park week  i join  interior and  secretaryzinke in urging all americans to find your park and celebrate our na…
playing politics at the risk of not funding our military and shutting down the government is both risky and reckles…
getting ready for d c  fights 
last week was a busy one back home in  nc10  visiting some of w n c s finest manufacturers  farms  schools  libraries…
small businesses are the cornerstone of our state  by providing greater opportunities for them to succeed  our work…
rt  houseappropsgop  members of the military construction  va subcommittee mark up their fy19 bill  which provides  96 9b for  deptofdefens…
enough is enough  the opioidepidemic has been destroying lives in tennessee and across the country for years  tod…
always great visiting with you 
  potus right on iran  whose leadership has brought hardship on its people by prioritizing terrorism abroad above i…
opportunity zones are economically distressed rural & urban areas eligible for tax benefits aimed at spurring priva…
this week  i spent some time at shawnee mission northwest high school with chief john douglass and  thesmsd interim…
asian carp less than ten miles from lake michigan is another alarm bell for action to protect the great lakes 
this pro-growth  pro-family legislation will help you keep more of your paycheck 
i d like to congratulate my friend &  nc08  native robert wilkie on being named interim secretary of veterans affair…
rt  journalnews  fairfield native andrew wheeler confirmed for no  2 job at epa
indiana is leading the way in innovative technologies to transform our country s passenger transport industry  than…
76 years ago today  pearl harbor was attacked  we remember and honor the lives of those lost that day  thank you to…
as president trump made clear last night  rebuilding our nation s roads  bridges  etc  is a top priority for 2018 …
rt  freedomcaucus  the  freedomcaucus officially opposes the omnibus  statement attached 
congressman posey s statement observing memorial day
rt  bhmsd_supt  we were honored to have  repjimbanks with us this morning to celebrate the  educatein  four star school  award for bhs  he…
to the millions who served in vietnam  especially those who paid the ultimate sacrifice & all who were not treated…
as i ve emphasized repeatedly since being elected to congress  russian hostility towards our nation mustn t go unan…
  househomeland delegation met with airport officials at  schipol to learn more about aviation security enhancement…
as we celebrate national day of prayer  in our churches  in our homes  and in our hearts  may god to grant us wisdom…
appreciated the opportunity to meet with local telecommunication companies today to discuss the universal service f…
cvs is added to the growing list of companies benefitting hardworking americans thanks to the tax cutsand jobs act  f…
confidence among america s small business owners is up  and so are wages for their workers  small business week
rt  housebudgetgop  it s small business week  icymi   uscbo recently projected that  because of tax reform  about 1 million jobs will be cre…
enjoyed speaking today at the kane county government legislative breakfast to talk about the positive impact of tax…
this saturday 150  locations in tennessee will be participating in national prescription drug take back day & provid…
wishing a happy 110th birthday to  usarmyreserve from this navy veteran  u s a r birthday110
2017 was a great year  fulfilling promises to grow the economy  cut regulations and reform taxes  today s labrador…
rt  jiminhofe  joined  repmullin and our local va officials today to announce an initiative to have our oklahoma va facilities lead the nat…
i m urging congress to instruct relevant federal agencies to conduct a comprehensive scientific study on gun violen…
 the time is always right to do what is right   dr  martin luther king jr  m l kday
i ve been a strong supporter of advancing forward-looking health efforts & recently supported legislation that incl…
thanks to  repandrecarson  repscottpeters and  repbrianfitz for being original cosponsors on know before you go whi…
i m looking forward to taking your questions at my next telephone town hall meeting on wednesday  february 28 at 5 …
tonight at 8 30pm → i ll be talking to  tuckercarlson live on  foxnews  tune in 
i m not giving up on josh holt  waiting for justice in venezuela justicefor josh utpol 3 questions  fox13
we have a new tax code – now it s time for a new irs  the house just passed bipartisan legislation to redesign and…
rt  steveknight25   housescience has been working hard to ensure america remains leaders in the world  take a look at this summary of all w…
sharing how taxreform will benefit all employees of  fishersandg with  speakerryan  tax cutsand jobs act  sotu 
rt  waysandmeansgop  after tax day – with the frustration of dealing with the irs fresh in our minds – now is the perfect time to vote on l…
rt  foxnews    repjoewilson   what putin is doing is he s taking the country in such a direction that it s going to be against [russia s] i…
rt  senategop  secretary mattis on the impact of the potential impact of the schumer shutdown   a huge morale impact   intelligence operati…
we are now considering h r  5174  energy emergency leadership act find all bills from today s full cmte markup her…
passed the house  1  no pay increase for members of congress 2  12% less spending on congress than when democrat…
the swamp better watch out    unsafe   diamondandsilk are here  great to chat with these  nc08  constituents & patri…
yesterday i joined  kasiedc to discuss the memo  watch my segment here 
rt  kansaswheat  congressman  rogermarshallmd speaks to tour participants about the importance of the farm bill  cropinsurance wheattour1…
this is critical to working families  proud our committee was able to preserve this tax relief in our bill 
did you know that mo has one of the highest numbers of farms of any state  it s awesome to finally have a president…
great read from  marcthiessen on what north koreans face every day while some in media fawn over kim yo jong in oly…
i m pleased that today  transport advanced my bipartisan bill  the stb information security improvement act  to the…
rt  dcexaminer   let s outsmart disasters before they strike  by  reploubarletta
rt  scavino45  🚨happening now  president  realdonaldtrump meeting with former united states secretary of state henry kissinger in the oval…
special easter worship service this morning in the ballroom at our hotel  led by tyson lee  former mississippi stat…
f i r s t s t e p act focuses on the mothers  fathers  children  and families that we can—and should—help rebuild lives and…
after salisbury  it s time for us to start imposing direct costs on the putin regime  my latest in  rcdefense 
 come unto me  all ye that labour and are heavy laden  and i will give you rest   matt  11 28 hearts are heavy 4 sutherland springs church
barbara bush is truly a remarkable woman  her strength and her character are an example to us all  we pray for her…
small businesses are the lifeblood of our economy  did you know 2/3rds of all new jobs in the u s  are created by s…
obamacare subsidies are costing taxpayers  10 billion more this year  but  housegop has a better way 
meeting update  the committee will meet on h j  res 123 - further continuing appropriations act  2018 on wednesday  december 6th at 3 pm 
congratulations to the students selected to attend the montgomery youth tour  155 students from across al traveled…
excited to welcome all of the folks arriving in washington with the  dsmpartnership for  dmdc2018   looking forward…
officer lance whitaker died early this morning when he crashed into a tree while responding to another accident  my…
 shzablonde1 false  tax reform does the following  - nearly doubles the standard deduction - first 12k earned by a…
icymi  here s my full interview with  msnbc s  katyturnbc from earlier today where we discussed the potential immig…
this week we re voting on a bill to prevent violent gang members from entering the us  hr3697 will keep them off ou…
on the floor now  debating my bill h r  4378  the research reactor  or versatile neutron source  authorized in tha…
la decisión de la administración de rescindir la designación de  tps  para hondureños viviendo legalmente en eeuu e…
s  139 does not make the necessary reforms to fisa section 702  while i support reauthorizing the program  i cannot…
tax reform just passed the senate  more jobs  bigger paychecks  and economic growth are on the way 
rt  ntvnews  we spoke with congressman adrian smith about his thoughts on tonight s state of the union address 
i caught up with martin luther king iii and his wife  arndrea waters king  today on capitol hill  i was excited to…
rt  repdandonovan  on monday  i m chairing a  househomeland congressional hearing titled  securing our communities  federal support to high…
it was great to welcome  mi11  constituents  sandra and michael crutchfield to washington today for a tour of the us…
great roundtable discussion today in chelsea with  brendancarrfcc and community leaders on increasing broadband dep…
also   sscjocoks  i live in topeka  home every week  i ve had extensive conversations with relevant legislators on state tax policy 
according to the  usda  you can expect to spend about  245 340 on your child over the course of your life …
rt  cnn  breaking  north korea is suspending nuclear and missile tests and shutting a nuclear test site ahead of trump summit  a source say…
when all other institutions we trust — including congress — appear to be broken  we want to be able to look to the…
christopher stevens  glen doherty  sean smith  and tyrone woods are american heroes for their service to and sacrifice for our country 
great news  the prosper act will equip today s students with the skills they need to succeed in high-wage  high-dem…
i m excited to invite high school students throughout the 42nd congressional district to participate in the 36th an…
as chairman of the oversight and investigations subcommittee  i am committed to working with the dea in fighting th…
holbrook plays again on sat  llws  after strong play but tough loss by just one run  good luck team  go holbrook 
congressman rick allen announces 2018 summer internship program for anyone interested  please apply by march 2nd a…
it was an honor to participate in friday s dedication of the mulberry river s canoe access points  the river is a n…
i spoke with  glennbeck about my bill  the end federal shutdowns act  which would reform the federal budget process…
celebrating the birth of an american hero with  speakerryan and sylvia quinton at the capitol  i m honored to serve…
rt  sachamber  san antonio thanks  lamarsmithtx21 for his service  friendship  and support for our community  s ato d c18
rt  speakerryan  the number of people filing for unemployment is at its lowest level in almost five decades  consumer confidence is at a 17…
icymi  talked to  foxbusiness this morning re  the large caravans headed to the u s  southern border  also weighed…
when i took office  unemployment was almost 10%  during my time in congress  i have worked to enact pro-growth  pro…
fedex announces  3 2 billion in wage increases  bonuses  pension funding and u s  capital investment  the fifth maj…
rt  deltachildren  in support of our troops we donated 500 cribs and mattresses to the amazing expecting families of  fortbraggnc thanks to…
proud to recognize gen  tom stafford  commander of the first international human space flight
humbled to receive the  anca_dc  advocate for justice award  this past weekend & eager to continue bringing awarene…
congratulations to elliott reep for being awarded the regional service excellence award  elliott is the emergency m…
happy national farmers day to the hardworking farmers of tx27 
it s official  statues of chief standing bear and willa cather will now stand proudly in the united states capitol …
as a result of the tax cutsand jobs act  more than 4mil americans received bonuses & 9 in 10 are seeing more     in t…
merit monday  hr559 
 on this tax day  america is strong and roaring back  paychecks are climbing  tax rates are going down  businesses…
today  - house passed tax relief bill for people affected by irma  - co-chaired mtg of fl congressional delegation…
this month we celebrate our nation s native american heritage  i ve been honored to represent tribal communities at…
every day  46 people die from overdoses involving prescription opioids  saturday 4/28 is national prescription drug…
along with corn  cattle  dairy and other farmers across our great state  these folks feed and clothe america and co…
the farm bill markup has begun in the beautiful ag committee room in longworth 
rt  dmccabe  the house judiciary committee republicans are empty chair-ing google  facebook and twitter at this hearing  nameplates with th…
marking 77 years of service and sacrifice by the u s  coast guard reserve  thank you for your unwavering commitment…
kicked off tax day on  wgclradio talking about the benefits hoosier families and businesses have seen from tax refo…
interested in visiting dc this summer  visit my website for more information 
big news — due to tax reform   fedex just announced  200 million in wage increases & employee bonuses &  1 5 billio…
amidst the tragic events today  good news from charleston/alabama   
thank you to all the nurses in alabama who work long hours often under heavy stress to provide care  save lives  an…
irs free file is available to help low and moderate income residents  income up to  66 000 per year  file their tax…
i was honored to speak at this event over the weekend  what an incredibly moving & emotional program  thank you to…

recently  the international foodservice distributors association presented me with the 2018…
icymi  there s a little known provision in the tax bill that gives states a new tool to revitalize struggling commu…
rt  frank_konkel  congressman  farenthold talking about opening government s data and improving federal customer experience at  govexec s …
good to hear  please join me in keeping  georgehwbush in your prayers as he continues to recover  41
may we never forget what these innocent people endured  holocaust remembrance day yom ha shoah never again
 petercwfl hey peter  i m on the case  h2b discussions are underway  and i m advocating for the  md01  businesses th…
rt  natresources  packed house for today s hearing on ways to save n g s  the navajo generating station supports thousands of jobs for nava…
last week i dedicated my  nc10  weekly update to honoring reverend billy graham  click here to learn more about last…
happening now   houseforeign hearing on confronting the iranian challenge with  thewilsoncenter   covingtonllp …
wishing a happy mother s day to all of the moms in  ga12   especially my beautiful wife robin  my three daughters  a…
from a reassurance standpoint  the best thing congress can do is reduce europe s dependence on russian energy  opp4 all  heritage_action
hardly armageddon and definitely not  crumbs  
rt  stevescalise  happy mardi gras 
in my short time in congress  i ve been fighting for our environmental priorities like curbing discharges from lake…
i led a letter with a bipartisan coalition of my colleagues in urging committee leadership to robustly fund mental…
rt  whitehouse  watch live as president trump delivers remarks at a bill passage event 
i am heartbroken to hear of the passing of rep  louise slaughter last night  mary grace and i will keep her family…
it s the first of the month  did you check your check and see a boost  let me know here→https //t co/pmj1fiauur tax cuts and jobs act
 the  cfpb has pushed its last envelope  -wsj oped by acting  cfpbdirector mulvaney →
rt  repdonbacon  live  i m in texas with  repmccaul and  househomeland hearing from local officials on the lessons learned from hurricane h…
rt  alzassociation  thank you to alzheimer s champion  tomcoleok04 for supporting increased medical research funding for  nih  rally med res…
today  the house passed the most sweeping  pro-growth tax reform since president reagan  these tax cuts will ensure…
icymi  this morning i spoke with  msnbc  sruhle with my problem solvers caucus co-chair   repjoshg  on the militar…
icymi  nam report reveals manufacturers would raise wages for their employees if taxreform is enacted  morejobs
rt  usdot    secelainechao in  loudouncounty w/  repcomstock & local officials to celebrate a  25 million tiger grant to the northstar boul…
american employers are enthusiastic about the tax cuts and jobs act & a predictable economy—and american workers an…
it was wonderful to meet  obianuju today and talk about the work she is doing to bring attention to the ideologies…
tune in 
as we work to reauthorize  pahpa  in congress  i m happy to learn more from companies who are working to increase ou…
it s great to see more hardworking west michigan employees benefit from tax reform  not crumbs not armageddon
  skincannon11 thanks  superintendent kincannon  these inspiring young folks are our next generation of leaders - t…
rt  tonybynum  zinke introduces blackfeet water compact thx here s to  repryanzinke staying on the right side of p…
rt  sbsun  live coverage of the active shooter situation in san bernardino 
day 30 for 31 reasons4 tax reform ⬇️
tonight at 5 00 pm the committee will consider the 2018 department of defense appropriations act  watch the heari…
on international womens day  chairwoman  virginiafoxx shares stories from a life committed to empowering women to ac…
this week  wwii veteran and dear friend dr  billy joe  bj  westbrook went to be with the lord at age 91  bj lived…
even though payroll taxes are the biggest tax most people pay  efforts to improve compliance generally focus on other taxes
rt  housegop  the tax cutsand jobs act has passed →  potus  it s off to you 
icymi - the swampland republicans  gop senators balk at even modest fixes in federal flood insurance via…
 1/2   i first met mayor hogan 35 years ago when i returned to aurora after having served overseas with the marines…
on national vietnam war veterans day  we honor the brave men and women who selflessly served our nation  we are foreve…
have you herd  🐮  beefusa and  plcranching have moo-ved to support the 2018 farm bill  read more &gt 
this afternoon  the house will consider s  324  the state veterans home adult day health care improvement act of 20…
 nc2fl2011 i voted against that budget bill 
rt  fwd_us    hurdonthehill announces his support on queen of the hill outside the capitol in an effort to protect dreamers 
the priceless comment thread on  justinamash  s tweet demonstrates the old saying that  it s easier to fool people…
thanks for meeting with me today 
the federal government s effort to make postsecondary education more affordable has resulted in a convoluted maze o…
rt  gftrib_jrowell  couple hundred vietnam veterans came for welcome home ceremony hosted by  repryanzinke  they re getting pins 
impact aid helps make sure kids in many rural areas have access to a good education  spoke with a number of south d…
at the end of the day  president obama trusted the word of a rogue nation over the wishes of the american people  f…
today for small business week we are recognizing  centerfuseva  a small business and start-up incubator in manassas …
rt  inl  these ladies  participating in building the advanced reactor supply chain from the u s  and canada  are  ready4nuclear  🎉  redi_e…
rt  repgosar  one of my highlights of the year was passing the competitive health insurance act  working to lower the cost of healthcare by…
rt  househomeland  that s why the  repgoodlatte- repmccaul bill  the securing america s future act  strengthens our southern border by auth…
awful news out of  nyc   please join me in praying for the victims  their loved ones & first-responders on the scene 
pitt county  don t forget i m hosting a teletown hall tonight  to join  please call 888-480-3626 starting   6 00pm …
rt  actwireless    ctia s meredith attwell baker and  susanwbrooks discuss  5g  and the importance of policy at all levels to foster innovat…
excited that  potus is leading prisonreform reform roundtable this afternoon 
today we continued our historic efforts by voting to roll back more complicated  burdensome obama-era red tape that…
rt  housegop  talk about a happy meal… tax cutsand jobs act 
the legislation will refocus the  irs  to respect the taxpayer above all else  we key in on customer service  buildi…
rt  transport  reaction on hr 4 -  repbilshuster
don t forget  my mobile office will be at centerton city hall on thursday from 2 00 - 4 00 pm to assist you  more i…
california is targeting pro-life pregnancy centers that provide free care and resources to mothers  forcing them to…
congratulations to my friend & former colleague mike pompeo on being sworn-in as our nation s 70th secretary of sta…
we already know putin has zero respect for freedom and democracy  so the result of this sham election is no surpri…
reminder  our office is accepting artwork submissions for the 2018 congressional art competition for  il16  high sch…
happy 242nd birthday   usnavy 
the secret is out – sarasota is a great place to visit  tourism is booming  sayfie
rt  foxbusiness    repbuddycarter on facebook   i want to do everything i can to keep the government out of the internet  to keep the gover…
on this pearl harbor remembrance day we honor the brave men and women who lost their lives defending this great natio…
meeting notice  on tuesday  october 3rd at 3 pm est the committee will meet on h  con  res 71 - the fy2018 budget resolution 
rt  houseagnews    conawaytx11 to  nationalffa s state president conference   i m gonna deputize each & every one of you to help us get a …
thanks to  jchealthandlife in fairbury for the tour and productive conversation on ruralhealth issues this afterno…
 read  our letter to  hascrepublicans &  hascdemocrats on our tacairland subcommittee about why our committee will b…
new year  new tax code → the tax cutsand jobs act is dramatically simpler and fairer which means the average american…
rt  houseforeign  chairman  repedroyce statement on admin s national security strategy
talking w/  realdonaldtrump about unfair practices from foreign countries that hurt domestic aluminum & steel  to…
i ll be hosting coffee w/your congressman 8 15am tomorrow at saffron bakery on east bay street   
when we got to work on overhauling our tax code  i wanted to make sure it reflected the needs of women & working mo…
rt  repgenegreen  icymi   congculberson and i introduced the tools act last week  our bill will give local nonprofits the ability to increa…
rt  robertharding  house committee passes katko bills to combat human trafficking
april is national social security month  take control of your future by using a  socialsecurity account to track yo…
joining  lizmacdonaldfox on  foxbusiness  riskrewardfbn to discuss the need to secure our border and support our la…
rt  repmikerogersal  there is no way to track  snap  recipients who may be registered for benefits in multiple states  the 2018 farm bill imp…
rt  stevescalise  the 2018 farm bill has bold reforms to help more americans achieve independence through gainful employment  see what leadi…
 the compromise cloud act contains important changes from the introduced version  including many requested by…
 wvbusinessowner  davidwhitley didn t seem like a week off from me  i had stops all over the third congressional district 
the opioid epidemic has devastated families in oh and across the country with tens of thousands of lives lost …
helpful news for folks still impacted by harvey  the checkout date for transitional sheltering assistance  tsa  ha…
rt  airportsupplier  representative ed royce honors  astrophysicsinc with export achievement award
icymi  my full interview with  kalbtv5 about census2020  changes at the va and delivering better care for our…
 jmaillis  dukeenergy are you still without power 
happy national ag day  agriculture is pennsylvania s no  1 industry  thank you to the american farmers who make it…
 promesa  could have respected constitutionally guaranteed debt  reliability of which must be maintained puerto rico
today on capitol hill  we celebrated the 242nd birthday of the marine corps  thanks to all the marines who have fou…
interested in interning in my washington or morristown offices  contact me for more information 
today is the beginning of the end of an era of complicated tax returns  in december  congress followed through on a…
i choose to stand with president  realdonaldtrump and our military as we work to rebuild our fighting force and pri…
good news for the 32k  south carolinians who work at walmart   
the good news continues to pour in  now  metlife will raise their minimum wage to  15 an hour and give every employ…
i was glad to join  cspan for their  cspanwj program this morning  i talked about the ongoing discussions between t…
because of tax reform  home depot joins a growing list of companies awarding bonuses to their hardworking employees…
rt  rephensarling  getting ready to join  bloombergtv w/  kevcirilli in just a few moments  we re talking about  financialcmte & the econom…
hats off to the  ulalaunch employees and suppliers in california who made history over the weekend with the…
happening now --&gt   replizcheney is managing the rule to provide for consider of h  r  4712 - born-alive surivors p…
rt  cobankersassn  community banks are well represented by  reptipton  in this video he speaks in front federal reserve chairman powell  ta…
rt  houseagnews  the 2018 farm bill establishes opportunities for our work-capable  snap  recipients  anyone receiving snap will be guarantee…
last week i spoke on the house floor about my bill to protect personal information  h r  4403  which passed the hou…
thank you to  speakerryan for working with  potus to make america great again  together  we have accomplished a lot…
i m grateful for emergency nurses like jennifer dickey from osceola for providing lifesaving care  jennifer stopped…
rt  bizroundtable   replahood thank you for supporting america s workers  employers  and for your commitment to grow the economy  thank you…
last week chairman  devinnunes sent a subpoena to the doj with a deadline of thursday  once again  the doj ignored…
he is risen  happy easter from the messer family 
mark zuckerberg mentioned artificial intelligence more than 30 times during his testimony this week  i introduced t…
kicking off small business week in kalamazoo at the michigan small business development center client appreciation…
otd in 1890   todaysdar was founded in washington  d c 
excited to tackle this next policy issue that our nation faces 
i was proud to nominate 13 central washington students for consideration to attend our nation s military service ac…
here is the declassified memo outlining a number of concerns related to actions by a number of senior federal law e…
rt  repfredupton  great piece from  michaelcburgess &  repguthrie on the need to reauthorize fda s vitally important user fee programs
great discussion 
for the american people to have trust in their federal law enforcement & federal intelligence institutions  they mu…
 tx23  students  today is the last day to enter the congressional art competition  submit your artwork by 11 59pm ct…
release  sst committee approves innovations in mentoring  training  and apprenticeships act
 lwherron  reprohrabacher organization without appointment occupy gov office preventing staff s work=peaceful obstruction  still thuggery
  tomdouglasmusic testifying that music modernization act is critically important for songwriters  that it s a bipar…
happy 106th birthday to  glaciernps i grew up outside gnp & still live there today findyourpark pic  lake mcdonald
i had the opportunity to meet with donna schick of sullivan co  and carol grippen of broome co  who were in washing…
 rockheadnj my staff has sent your address to jcp&l congressional affairs for action  i suggest you also contact h…
this was a tragedy that is still felt throughout pleasants county  and our prayers are with the community as they g…
thirty percent of the appropriated amounts will go directly to already-established gang task forces  like the north…
first of a few constituent meetings in cambridge office today 
rt  nwademgaz  gop panelists say analyses biased  arkansas  womack leads 1st budget committee meeting
it s time to give  nafta  an update  productive discussion with consul general  pjconnors and mexican consul…
📄 responding to virginia general assembly members re  improvements to the i-81 corridor  i share the concerns of ma…
hays moved to the lehigh valley as a child & always considered allentown her home  her rank & military accolades ma…
everyone knows that guac is extra - but it s not the only thing  chipotletweets is dishing out  the popular restaur…
attn all  tx32  hs students  have you submitted your piece for the congressional art competition  it s not too late …
the jcpoa emboldened iran  filled its coffers with billions in cash to expand its support for terrorism and grow th…
tune in to  sportsradio810 at 3 ct to hear me chat with  kkwhb about the jayhawks and how we helped get udoka azubu…
today we celebrate the hard-working men and women all across this great nation  happy labor day
6  increase the capacity of lake conroe  lowering the water level before significant rain events 
icymi  we secured funds for harvey victims  and aid to puerto rico  virgin islands  florida  california  & texas …
rt  alzimpact  thanks to  repsmucker for cosponsoring the b o l d alzheimers act - your support and leadership for this vital piece of legislat…
today s 15th anniv  is an opportunity to thank all the sons & daughters who ve fought selflessly & courageously in…
russian individuals & entities have engaged in long-running  coordinated & malicious attempts to influence and disr…
rt  taylorwymt  nasa administrator  robert lightfoot  speaking at morehead about the advancements in the aerospace industry 
stunned by the devastating news in las vegas  praying for the victims and loved ones during this troubling time 
lk  in current employment landscape  a college education does not necessarily lead to secure job or career  g o p future millennials
 houseappropsgop reported fy18 state/foreign ops bill supporting our allies & diplomats efforts abroad 
today  the house took a common-sense step forward on our decades long commitment to safely storing spent nuclear fu…
great round table discussion this afternoon with advocates from  aipac regarding furthering israel s strong relatio…
rt  repjenniffer  small businesses are the engine of economic development in puerto rico  after the scourge of the hurricanes  irma and mar…
as i told the  dailyherald  we create the highest quality products in the world  i would put  il14  manufacturers  f…
i was honored to attend the retirement ceremony for my friend  canton police chief brian whitner--a great public se…
no joke - the us spent  1m on bags of air  my waste watch4 reveals 10 new spending scandals 
rt  u_u_a_s  it s utility scam awareness day  we re sharing tips to help protect customers 👉 stop scams
our dc office is seeking interns  email intern mail house gov to apply 
we must stop lawless sanctuary cities  ready to join  foxnews now 
on national ag day here are some arkansas agfacts  agriculture is arkansas  largest industry adding around  16 bill…
just a few of the companies giving back to their employees and investing in the economy as a result of the…
enjoyed meeting with members of  naifa from the tennessee valley & discussing tax reform  thx for stopping by today 
rt  repleezeldin  momentum from last week s letter is growing   repgoodlatte &  tgowdysc just joined our call for a 2nd special counsel  we…
it s national girl scout week and a time to recognize the great work of this organization founded 106 years ago  we c…
5th graders at larry miller elem in new concord making valentines day cards to send to local veterans 
rt  interior  alaska natives share what a life-saving road in king cove means for their families and how it s helping to restore trust with…
thanks to the tax cutsand jobs act  many businesses are already re-investing savings  most notably in the form of hig…
rt  vfwhq  this week   housevetaffairs chairman  drphilroe visited with vfw members from vfw post 605 and the  americanlegion at the u s  e…
rt  alextdaugherty    repcurbelo  mariodb and  roslehtinen sign onto petition to force a vote on a  daca  solution  bypassing gop leadership…
rt  repbost  tax reform works  ☑️bonuses ☑️higher wages ☑️bigger paychecks
rt  acscanpa  thank you  repcharliedent for meeting with us today and being a cancer champion  cancer lobby day
another great west texan has been appointed to a u s  service academy  congratulations jack bailey on a well-deserv…
rt  hoffmancongo  thanks you  jim_jordan  for meeting with us and helping raise awareness about cf  c fadvocacy
congressman griffith addressed the annual meeting of the southwest virginia agricultural association in abingdon th…
i contacted  secretarysonny to urge him to use every tool in the farm bill  including commodity credit corp program…
rt  speakerryan  rt to agree → the federal government s first duty is to safeguard the security of our nation  that s why congress just fun…
for over 240 years brave men and women have risked life and limb to preserve our freedoms  today we recognize their service and sacrifices 
chatted with chad hartman from  wccoradio this afternoon about the jake laird act  bipartisan legislation i m worki…
saturday is drug take back day  from 10am-2pm  you can properly dispose of expired  unused  and unwanted prescription…
several opportunities to make your voices heard about oregon s tolling scheme 
rt  houseagnews  tune in   conawaytx11 will offer remarks at  aei today on the  snap  modifications in the 2018 farm bill at 8 30amet 
rt  cspan  sec  mattis & gen  dunford on afghanistan before  hasc  – live on c-span3   cspanradio & online here  ht…
on floor to honor the army reserve 110 years of service  thank you to our soldiers both past & present  as well as…
the kids at chancellor livingston school in rhinebeck filmed a video of them learning about winning the dannon dani…
i ve worked with dogs on the battlefield  my family has always had dogs  my kids love our dog  what s happening he…
the  va  regional office in waco is hosting an open house wednesday  november 1st 
on  foxnews discussing the accident
deeply saddened by the terrorattack in nyc  prayers are with those who lost their lives  the injured and firstresponders 1/2
today at 10am →  housejudiciary subcommittee to hear from law enforcement in honor of national police week  tune in 
today  along w/  reppaultonko   i introduced the teach to combat addiction act bill in u s  house  important  bipar…
i m glad to see the house appropriations committee take the positive step of passing legislation to further restore…
americans have now received over  3 billion in bonuses from over 300 companies due to tax reform and the list keeps…
while norma mccorvey will forever be known as the roe in roe v wade  she became a shining example of christ s grace and forgiveness 
today  davereichert and i introduced legislation to authorize the next phase of the yakima basin project   streamli…
rt  sbecouncil  go john  thank you for all you do to support the u s  economy and discussing this critical issue  housesmallbiz today  nob…
rt  houseagnews  icymi   repgoodlatte via  nvdaily  farm bill opportunity to connect all americans 2018 farm bill  h… 
  iamcharleshardy ask rep ralph norman
rt  healthylakes   when we talk about  glri  it doesn t matter if you re a republican or democrat  the great lakes are for our citizens  and…
rt  annarbornews  u s  rep  tim walberg hosting forum in saline on substance abuse
today s thirddistrictthursday y features the moody civic center …
excited to join the show 
the idea in numbers 19 is that sin causes death  and the separation between god and humanity  the passage provides…
today  o s c e p a minsk2017 passed my amendment to fight anti-semitism & my resolution to battle online child exploitat…
op-ed  bullet train colliding with reality
in a few mins  i m speaking w/ rick santelli on  squawkstreet  don t miss it 
happening now  the house armed services subcommittee on readiness  of which i am the chairman  is having a hearing…
rt  waysandmeansgop  just released   repkevinbrady introduces tax cuts and jobs act
rt  usdard   we see this as a battle for life & we are here to be with you   assistant to the secretary for rural development anne hazlett…
rt  rtmradio  house committee passes forecasting bill hours before sand springs tornado - backed by 2 ok lawmakers
my first read of the day → i am encouraged to see the senate passed a helpful bipartisan legislative package of fin…
the republican study steering committee is vehemently opposed to any farm bill that removes work and job training r…
meeting in cambridge office with group from americans for prosperity talking about tax reform 
rt  kalamazoocity  the u s  sba has approved governor snyder s request for a disaster declaration for kalamazoo county as a result of febr…
many things have changed since 1986  so shouldn t our tax code too  after today  the days of the old tax system are…
told the junior members of the press corp this morning that the work their parents are doing—upholding and protecti…
rt  kencalvert  obamacare is failing  let s try a better way  via  reptomprice
rt  idahopower  idaho power is proposing three rate decreases this spring  if approved  the fixed cost adjustment  power cost adjustment an…
rt  agrutledge  solid day of roundtable meetings in cleveland  bradley and ashley counties  almost half way to visiting all 75 counties in…
rt  foxnews    jim_jordan on omnibus bill   how are you really gonna know what s in it if you got 24 hours from the time you get the comple…
thanks  libertyosd for having me  it was an honor 
because of the government shutdown  we now have military members protecting our country and not getting paid  congr…
rt  brucelesley  gop  repjasonlewis confident juvenile justice delinquency and prevention act will pass | juvenile justice information exch…
in az-06  a family of 4 w/ a median income of  101 878 will keep  2 469 more of its hard earned income under our ta…
president proposes war war with no clear objective other than to pull out in three years  statement on  aumf 
rt  reprickallen  i am happy to say that with the passage of the national defense authorization act – we have provided for the common defen…
rt  wu_tang_finance  in recognition of karl marx s 200th birthday tomorrow here is a list of history s most successful and influential marx…
rt  reutersus  breaking  undersecretary of state kennedy asked fbi to make  classified  clinton email  unclassified  for a  quid pro quo  -…
 the common failure to consider adaptation has profound consequences for how people conceptualize climate change  l…
proud to announce passage of the make america secure bill to rebuild our military & provide better equip & training…
rt  repgarretgraves  louisiana to get  66 million of initial gomesa phase ii disbursement
icymi  here is my weekly newsletter - the hill report 
i m co-hosting the congressional app challenge  open to all ak h s  students  to build engagement in stem fields …
rt  gpollowitz  it s on  we re  taking  their  book 
mobile office hours are perfect opportunities for folks experiencing difficulties with federal agencies  like the…
my solution for small biz health plans passed in a recent committee spending plan  thanks  awbolympia for ur support
thanks for hosting me  glad i could come listen to your employees and discuss their work in manufacturing   mn02 
thanks to pegasus farm for their commitment and dedication to their community 
 farm country is god s country    realdonaldtrump and i are focused on family farmers and working to improve life f…
rt  ivankatrump  talking tax reform today in rocky river  oh with us treasurer jovita carranza   senrobportman   repjimrenacci and mayor bo…
 americanewsroom  mactxpress
looking ahead to tax day next year  the  empirecenter has put together data that shows the effect the new tax code…
rt  waysandmeansgop  good read   small business workers saw their wages grow at the strongest rate in 2 years  survey  via  cnbc ⬇️https //…
rt  graham_sturgeon  moolenaar honors corunna student for saving a life - independent newspaper group
deputy jacob pickett dedicated his life to the protection of others and making indiana a safer place  my thoughts a…
the avg  student borrows over  27k  up 19% from a decade ago  we must move towards innovative solutions  restoring the trust
in this month s terror threat snapshot  terror in europe rises with 192 incidents in 16 countries  read the full rep…
today we salute those who ve received the silver star and remember the sacrifices of our wounded and ill veterans …
thanks to the tax cutsand jobs act  today is the last tax day you will have to file under the old  antiquated tax cod…
the decision to impose tariffs on solar panels was shortsighted and already costing american jobs  higher tariffs…
rt  housegop  500   companies have announced new employee benefits 4 million   americans are receiving special bonuses  4 billion   in bonu…
joining  mattmurphyshow right now to discuss tax reform  tune in to  realtalk995 
 earth_flesh  reprohrabacher first  u do not represent the citizens of 48th district  they elected me to do as i promised to do if elected 
congratulations  swhsspeech   fantastic job  way to make tx-02 proud 👍🏻🤠
huge advancements last 12 months destroying isis in syria  job isn t finished yet  but this may be our biggest & mo…
taxes cut  regulations slashed  resources provided for our troops   potus and the house are fulfilling our promises to the american people 
rt  foxnews    replynnjenkins   [ senatordole] has given his blood  sweat  and undying passion to serve this country  
rt  speakerryan  today is the last tax day with our old tax system  under the new code  american families will see  ✅ an average tax cut of…
rt  kellyslater  thank you for showing us the world as you saw it  bruce brown  you were one of the good guys and…
rt  ncemergency  sunday key takeaways irma n c  heavy rains/gusty winds/localized flash flooding/isolated tornadoes  expect impacts mon   ta…
read the letter i sent to canadian ambassador macnaughton regarding the bluewater ferry  the ferry s importance to…
rt  afpillinois  rep   peterroskam and afp-il state director  andrew nelms join constiuents for a discussion on taxreform and the america…
growing up working on my father s farm  i fully understand the importance of american agriculture  be sure to thank…
 hr4  isn t all about aviation  it also contains the disaster recovery reform act  which will help our communities b…
nothing s more powerful than the taxreform stories we ve heard all across the country  here  you can hear them  to…
thank you for following this important hearing 
rt  austinscottga08  wireless communications not only provide valuable support for the quality of life for service members and their famili…
icymi   dhsgov announces new risk-based measures for refugees to bolster public safety and national security  these…
rt  ca_summermeals  thx to  repdavidvaladao  our vip guest reader at  kerncntylibrary lunchatthelibrary  school s out but young minds are s…
rt  columbiabugle    tuckercarlson s most important monologue ever  syria
rt  austinscottga08  w/ a national decline in hunting & recreational fishing  pr funds are shrinking & our state/local habitats are sufferi…
rt  cspan  house  financialcmte hearing on  federalreserve supervision and regulation – live online here 
thank you to the men and women at  fordguminc for a great visit  i m committed to fighting for sugar reform in cong…
rt  housecommerce  bipartisan e&c leaders send formal invitation to facebook ceo mark zuckerberg testify before the committee &gt &gt 
takes courage to do right thing  congress must support our troops in afghanistan  i will lead fight in congress to give pres tools he needs
it is national park week  how will you celebrate  how about a visit to our nation s original national park  hot spr…
rt  americanewsroom  watch   sandrasmithfox  repbradwenstrup on hope hicks testifying before the house intel committee
rt  copsdoughnuts   repmoolenaar ryno goes to d c for the  sotu  with  repmoolenaar what a great honor to see the  potus   realdonaldtrump deliv…
 asshatdrumpf  angrynidaho  craighdurham  gop  thedemocrats  realdonaldtrump yes  i would be  i have advocated for…
rt  nwsfortworth  4 30pm  updated t-storms timing  stay tuned for updates as storms develop this evening  and more data becomes available …
did you know children are frequently targets of identity thieves  i was pleased to support a bill today to protect…
hang in there mr  president  realdonaldtrump  if those countries aren t as you described  democrats should be happy…
it s time to give the bloated federal budget a much-needed spring cleaning  together w/  potus we re making governm…
moving forward  infrastructure is a priority  many of the recent state transportation announcements were made possi…
rt  taggarthouck  homes in nichols still recovering from hurricane matthew damage seen below  today  reptomrice checking in on two homes go…
this is your money & you should decide how to spend it—not politicians & bureaucrats in dc  now that…
as a member of the house oversight & government reform committee  i am working with my colleagues to bring more att…
it sickens me to think that there are people out there who cheat our low-income and elderly veterans out of their h…
great questions and discussion about our bilateral approach to trade with china  the upcoming farm bill  and  il13… 
just a couple of weeks ago i brushed up on these important skills working the  mcdonalds drive-thru in decatur to h…
art jibilian was a hero that saved countless lives as part of operation halyard  while it took far too long to reco…
our country s veterans are our best – their courage and sacrifice unmatched  it was my honor to observe…
groundbreaking ceremony for the two fisher houses that are being built near the cleveland vamc  provides for famili…
yesterday  terror struck  right here  at home  continuing to closely monitor this developing situation 
thanks to the  cornell students that stopped by the capitol today  great to see you all 
rt  experiencegr    grfoodtrucks​ is getting ready for their 2nd annual roll n out food truck festival​ with up to 30 food trucks  here s h…
rt  housegop  tax reform has ✔ passed in the house ✔ passed in the senate what s next  it s time for conference committee →
  housecommerce will be holding a two-day hearing to consider more than 20 bills aimed at curbing the opioid crisis…
the iran deal was a flawed deal from the get go and this should serve as a reminder that in the future all comprehe…
rt  housecommerce  full cmte convenes first of two markups on legislation aimed at combating the opioid crisis along with consideration of…
we owe it to our brave law enforcement officers at  palmettobayvlg police    somipolice who work hard in the line o…
it s an honor to serve the people of the 5th district  as part of the responsibility  i strive to ensure constitue…
rt  dupont_john    lpnews1898 denham springs city hall will close at noon today because of potential snowfall  mayor gerard landry announce…
rt  sunjournal    reppoliquin calls for new state quarters to honor american women via  stevecollinssj mepolitics…
we need to be sure state & local employees pay the right amount of taxes & receive the social security benefits they re counting on…
rt  fwd_us   our urgency is to get this done as soon as we can possible can   repnewhouse protect dreamers
they say put some sliced onions in your room and in your socks and you can beat any sickness    …
happy easter everyone 
rt  repbillshuster  h r  4 will help american job creators lead in a global marketplace for aviation  improve and modernize our airports  a…
the hearing on h r  2824 & h r  2792 is starting now  watch live here —&gt 
rt  bobbyscott  signed on to  robwittman s letter to  realdonaldtrump  we must support the hampton roads naval community 
last week   realdonaldtrump signed legislation i worked on to better fight human trafficking  because of this legis…
rt  speakerryan  unemployment is at an 18-year low  wages are climbing  and economic growth remains strong  but employers are struggling to…
i am very proud to be a part of a group of lawmakers who are keeping an eye on recovery efforts in puerto rico & i…
we applaud president trump for taking this action and for his commitment to strengthening the bond between our two nations 
happy teacher appreciation week to all teachers  they have one of the most important jobs as a coach and mentor  rem…
rt  hubbard_wj    replukemesser fighting for  studentvets to make college an option for more veterans  this is what leadership looks like …
today is welcome home vietnam veterans day  thank you for your sacrafice and service 
the bill includes a significant funding increase for the care of our veterans at the va  while strengthening oversi…
excited to announce my office is now accepting entries for the 2017 congressional art competition  more info here …
it was such an honor to fly to alabama onboard air force 2 with my friend  vp
as a result of our tax cuts bill   ups made a  5 billion voluntary contribution to its employees  pension plan and…
livingston and i enjoyed visiting with  senatorwicker this morning  as he stopped by on his way to spend time with…
 repgracemeng citizenship matters apportionment for congressional seats and electoral votes should be based on citi…
 niosha  thelittlefella if i win ur city by large margin & u don t agree with me  i assume ur views don t reflect those of my constituents
looking forward to hosting a live tele-town hall *tonight* to help constituents get answers about filing their inco…
2 samuel 6 7 and the anger of the lord burned against against uzzah  and god struck him down there for his irrevere…
about to go live on  americanewsroom  tune in 
it was great to be part of the grand opening of  amazon new aurora fulfillment center  1 000 new jobs for our area…
joined together with my colleagues in congress to honor the memory of those who lost their lives on 9/11never forget
i co-chaired a joint hearing on foreign espionage targeting r&d in our universities  our universities are valued fo…
icymi  had a hard-hitting convo w/  kevcirilli on  bloombergtv about the state of  cfpb - the focus must be on actu…
rt  houseappropsgop  at 9 30 am   mariodb chairs a transportation/hud subcommittee hearing on the fy19 budget for  hudgov   secretarycarson…
the congressional coal caucus met w/  secretaryzinke this morning to discuss ending the war on coal & restoring ame…
rt  wsfa12news  first alert  late afternoon update alwx 12firstalert
it s wasteful wednesday  today  i introduced a bill that would eliminate the global climate change initiative  gc…
   wndu  federal government providing help to berrien county flood victims  mi06 
agree- it is unconstitutional  funded outside of congress  and we have limited oversight 
rt  ourhospitals  thank you  repmckinley for recognizing the alto program from essentialhospital  sjh_nj - a highly successful alternative…
the committee will reconvene at 11 10 pm  watch the hearing live here 
icymi  here is my weekly newsletter  the hill report 
on vietnam war veterans day we honor the service and sacrifice of all those who served our great nation 
last night  vanessa with my office attended the house of palms banquet at faith family church in victoria  faith fa…
i m proud of coach stoops  success on & off the field & wish him the best of luck in his next chapter boomer sooner…
watch  the health subcmte will hold a hearing on the medicare advantage program this morning at 10am 
more tax reform news 
rt  vachair  happening now   americanlegion presents its legislative priorities for the year  watch online 
today marks the 23rd anniversary of the tragic passing of selena quintanilla-pérez  forever our tejano music queen …
read the opening statements from  replobiondo  https //t co/rbpc94jswe  and  reploubarletta  …
welcome rep  debbie lesko to the people s house 
rt  repkevinbrady  today s focus is on bringing jobs back to america and leveling the playing field for workers  tune in -&gt 
happy national nurses week  i have worked with many amazing nurses throughout my life who have gone above and beyon…
today  we honor our nation s vietnam veterans for their heroic actions and sacrifices in order to protect this coun…
rt  repmccaul  almost 30 years after the fall of the berlin wall  and many attempts by the u s  to become international partners with russi…
today i visited with the montgomery lions club during their weekly lunch meeting  i was glad to be able to share so…
rt  bob_grip  video   repbyrne says the original iran deal was a bad idea and he supports  realdonaldtrump decision to scrap it  a lpolitic…
today marks the last day of smallbusinessweek and we ve been celebrating here in the 39th district  u s  small bus…
rt  _mattsewell  last month   repwesterman honored the life of wwii hero jack coleman cook  thanks to  drewpetrimoulx and  jonathanrozelle …
number of days since the house of representatives sent the senate all twelve appropriations bills funding the gover…
how the tax cuts and jobs act helps americans of all walks of life
rt  repmccaul  tonight my cyber bill passed the house  this piece of legislation will strengthen our cyber efforts to better protect criti…
remembering those who were lost and those who survived such a dark chapter of our history  may we always stand with…
working with my fellow co-chair of the grid innovation caucus   repmcnerney  to protect our nation s electric grid f…
good to have you back steve 
rt  edsectionapta  thank you  repguthrie for your work on the sports clarity act  congrats on receiving the  aptatweets public service awar…
congress is working on initiatives to tackle the opioid crisis  measures under consideration include reducing  doc…
the congressional art contest is happening now  i encourage high school students from across  pa12  to submit their a…
the administration s actions send a clear message  putin must stop his exceedingly reckless behavior 
rt  cal_fire  detwiler fire [update] east of lake mcclure  mariposa county  is now 75 000 acres and 25% contained 
there is no congressional authorization to strike the government of syria  constitution
talked w students at antwerp high school about the  tcja   energy  infrastructure  the opioid epidemic  and protectin…
happy national small business week to america s 30 million small businesses  entrepreneurs  and innovators  did you…
happy to be in stark county with  nfib_oh talking about tax and regulation reform with small business owners 
we must do more to end veteran homelessness  i proudly cosponsored h r  4099 to expand access to services for homel…
thank you to the men and women in law enforcement who keep out communities safe  show and share your appreciation i…
58 students were awarded over  60 000 in scholarships from the mayors scholarship fund  congratulations to these br…
icymi  i took to local airwaves back home in  tx08  and talked about the biggest and boldest step we ve taken in 20…
always happy to visit with my friend janis holt  from silsbee  tx  while she was in washington with the texas schoo…
i am honored to accept the award for conservative excellence from the american conservative union  i will continue…
a great editorial from the  dailyastorian on our recent bipartisan win for southwest washington fishermen 
rt  housecommerce  recap  full cmte chairman  repgregwalden gives keynote at  uschamber on e&c s efforts to combat the opioid crisis &gt &gt  htt…
  mcdonalds is tripling its college tuition program  the chain announced that it will be increasing its program by…
rt  mountaineersorg  we ve been working with our friends at  mtsgreenway – and with all of you – for years to designate the greenway as a n…
watch  today  housecommerce launched the  personal stories from the opioid crisis  video series feat  ken daniels …
the students did an outstanding job and i am proud to honor them as the winners of this year s  congressionalac in…
about to go on  dougwrightshow on  kslnewsradio - time in   utpol
today we celebrate world autism awareness day  this is an opportunity to celebrate all children & adults with autism…
 jaredpolis yes  they are all posted on
rt  housegop  america s economy is booming thanks to pro-growth policies like the tax cutsand jobs act  ✅ fastest wage growth since 2009📈 ✅…
the time of introduction for the golden spike 150th anniversary act was 12 47 pm  the exact time the final spike wa…
as womens history month comes to a close   repcurbelo took a moment to reflect on the incredible women in his life …
while more work remains  there s good news coming out of the house with passage of h r  3053  this commonsense bill…
proud to celebrate the latest great news for our economy in the people s house  from unemployment falling under 4%…
discussed the president s fy2019 budget request in a hearing  more work is needed to achieve a path to balance with…
rt  repshimkus  1 corinthians 3 16 do younot know that you are a temple of god and that the spirit of god dwells in you 
submarines remain one of the most effective and sought after tools in our nation s arsenal  national submarine day
the tax cuts and jobs act isn t only saving hardworking americans money  it s also helping parents save for their chil…
rt  housejudiciary  music modernization act coming to the congress for a vote tomorrow 
rt  houseagnews  house ag has laid the groundwork  it s go time  2018 farm bill  conawaytx11
house strengthens sanctions against russia  iran  nkorea  bipartisan vote gives new economic tools against nations that are growing threats 
 glickers there is much more in the legislation  you can read the details here 
there is no place in society for such disgusting bigotry  must be wholeheartedly condemned  charlottesville
confirmed speakers for tonight s special order on house floor detailing case for 2nd special counsel include…
rt  repscottrigell  thx  congressmandan 4 joining our call for  secdef  carter to make immediate changes re  concealed carry   installations 
had a great time tonight at the  forestresources forestry forum in bangor  our forestry industry is one of the pill…
 if we use a third party to engage in scientific review or inquiry  and that s the basis of rulemaking  you and eve…
rt  arlingtonnatl  the mother s tree was dedicated may 8  1932  and its plaque is the oldest memorial tree marker remaining in the cemetery…
rt  teamcavuto  the house will soon vote on a 1 3 trillion dollar spending deal   repmarkwalker tells  foxbusiness he will be voting  no  o…
rt  cacsoccer  yesterday s house vote shows strong support for our united bid to co-host the 2026 fifa world cup  thanks congressional socc…
i just wrote an op-ed for  thehill -- president offers bold plan to fight scourge of opioid epidemic 
there are real areas of agreement on national security  the addiction crisis  immigration reform  infrastructure  a…
it was a sad  emotional and powerful day in bangor as thousands attended the funeral of corporal eugene cole  i was…
harvey brought unimaginable flooding to my home state of texas  that is why tomorrow i will chair a…
terrorist organizations like hezbollah are turning to drug cartels & other transnational criminal organizations for…
stopped by  varneyco  foxbusiness to discuss my office budget savings of over  275 000-- represents enough money to…
sub comm tech discusses telecom supply chain threats and opportunities during hearing today &gt &gt 
great news  mma is a critically important step towards finally bringing music licensing into the 21st century  i ha…
i will be live with simon conway on  whoradio now to discuss h r  490 the heartbeat bill and respond to  nrlc lack of support 
rt  lolokathym   repryanzinke  taylornbcmt  redcross yes  contac the lolo community center through the american red cross  call me 406-550-…
at  sunygcc for our 2018 congressional art competition awards reception  i m always amazed by the creativity and ta…
rt  housegop   i have long said that americans know how to spend their hard-earned money far better than the bureaucrats here in washington…
visit to vote for your favorite art piece for this years people s choice award  voting ends…
rep  sensenbrenner has 26 townhall meetings coming up starting saturday  you can follow along on instagram   repjimsensenbrenner  wi05 
more and more georgia businesses are seeing the benefits of tax reform  text  tax reform  to 50589 to get the lates…
it s fitting on this tax day that the house passed bipartisan measures -- including one i authored -- that help pro…
disappointed that the  usmnt  failed to qualify for the world cup  but adamantly p a15 proud of hershey-native…
2016 and 2017 presented challenging and unusual fact patterns for the doj and fbi  it is entirely appropriate to as…
i applaud the energy and commerce committee for moving the independence at home demonstration extension which i coa…
my first read of the day   congressman wants to fix law that allows violent illegals to stay in us  …
president trump gave a great speech tonight  but it is now up to congress to pass the mandate voters sent in november 
happy texas independence day   on a cold morning in 1836  a group of men in a small wooden building at what is now…
this week  our committee approved 8 bills  bringing the total number of bills reported out of the committee this co…
today marks 23 years since the oklahoma city bombing  may we remember all of the innocent lives lost  never forget
if you see a veteran  be sure to say thank you  it was great to see u p  vets from the honor flight today 
rt  cavasships  busy spring on the menominee river between wisc & michigan s up as new littoral combat ship wichita  lcs  13 comes back to…
✅ introduced the certify heroes act ✅ called to congratulate high school seniors on their service academy nominatio…
honored to dedicate a pearland post office to fallen police officer endy ekpanya this morning  endy selflessly serv…
over 700 000 young people are living with an uncertain future  we need a legislative solution for  daca  recipients…
on floor to recognize april as mathematics & statistics awareness month addressing many real-world problems in a growing technology world
wisconsin keeps winning    biztimesmke   wisconsin s exports on the rise 
beaumont - we re doing our best to get you water asap 
always great to visit with my buddy and the mayor of opelika  gary fuller  lee co  al03 
frankly  he doesn t look that different today  and that frustrates me and my salt and pepper hair  okay  fine  th…
happy 227th birthday to the  uscoastguard  semper paratus
rt  darthsupt  thank you  repdavidvaladao for your support of  nafisschools and impact aid funding for schools
 i favor retention of the deductibility of state and local taxes in their entirety  and i m sorry that that was not…
tax reform ✅ passed the house ✅passed the senate ➡️ next stop conference  tonight  i commend the senate for fulfill…
 on this tax day  america is strong and roaring back  paychecks are climbing  tax rates are going down  businesses…
rt  novambb  2018 national champs  🏆👀 lets march nova
leanne cannon talking about the importance of listening insightful women
breaking  great news for  mn06   following my letter to  mndotnews commissioner  charleszelle  i-94 and highway 169…
enjoyed breakfast with the morris plains rotary 
rt  bvnwnews  junior allison park won the 2018 congressional art competition for the third district with her painting  water  sun  and fire…
march is women s history month  as we honor the leaders who came before us  we celebrate the women who are making h…
rt  seandonahue   we re living in an environment where there s an expectation of transformational things happening  life sciences is right…
rt  freedomworks  support the debt ceiling alternative act  debt ceiling  repdavid
watch live   waysandmeansgop subcommittee hearing  ensuring social security serves america s veterans
it was an honor joining the  hrchamberhub for their 1st annual  women who soar  luncheon  congratulations to allyso…
on this day seven years ago  our state was ravaged by a historic tornado outbreak that took the lives of over 200 a…
read more about my letter sent with  repandybarr    repleezeldin   &  davereichert--  kredo0  freebeacon
with the resurgent economy  tmk ipsco has been able to share profits with their employees for the first time since…
i am honored to receive the  acuconservative s highest award of conservative excellence 
rt  realdonaldtrump  u s  embassy opening in jerusalem will be covered live on  foxnews &  foxbusiness  lead up to 9 00 a m   eastern  even…
 when it comes to iran and isis  the enemy of your enemy is your enemy   - benjamin netanyahu tcot
rt  billprofita  garret graves up next  join us on facebook live and share   talk1073  repgarretgraves  ambr 
statement of rep  bill posey regarding all aboard florida  politics
kudos to capt  robert hughes of  newprovnj on graduating from  armywarcollege & earning  usmma_alumni award 
rt  waysandmeansgop  happy birthday to chairman kevin brady  have a great day working on taxpayer first legislation that boldly redesigns t…
rt  wjcl22tori  celebrating the anniversary of the reconstruction-era monument in beaufort with the  natlparkservice  repsanfordsc and loca…
rt  sarahartweir  teamed up with  repstevechabot on this  thehill oped today to highlight the need for more employment opps for all ppl wit…
our small business of the day is winchester metals  a manufacturing business in winchester that services over 30 st…
rt  stevescalise  tax reform is working  now that workers are seeing bonuses and higher pay  a majority of americans support the tax cuts &…
rt  housevetaffairs  icymi  chairman  drphilroe was awarded  americanlegion s distinguished public service award at the legion s washington…
bipartisan bill focuses national estuary program funding to meet urgent ecological challenges
today  hascrepublicans and i implored our colleagues to do the right thing and fund our military  as secretary matt…
too many proposals  and jobs  are bogged down by an unnecessarily prolonged permitting process  great move by…
we need to invest in our american workers so they can have the opportunities they need and deserve to reach their full potential 
to be clear  these are two high level fbi agents who appear to be discussing/laughing about the fbi director potent…
i was proud to celebrate the historic passage of taxreform legislation with my house and senate colleagues at the…
 we greatly appreciate the committee authorizing full funding for the two new lunar exploration programs proposed i…
it s small business week  i ve heard from optimistic small businesses owners in the second district who are now abl…
israel begins celebrations to mark jerusalem us embassy opening fox news
rt  militarycourage  honoring army sgt  1st class michael a  cathcart who sacrificed his life three years ago in afghanistan
press enterprise editorial  janus v  afscme case can put a stop to forced union dues
rt  repandybarr  during today s  financialcmte hearing with secretary of the treasury  stevenmnuchin1  i shared the stories of two kentucki…
rt  foodtank   all of us are part of the agricultural industry  whether we know it or not  so there s a lot of common ground there   chelli…
last night i joined my michigan colleagues on the house floor to talk about the benefits we re beginning to see  th…
with the average tax refund amounting to more than  2 000  fine tuning your withholding could boost your paycheck b…
we re closer than ever to meaningful compromise on immigration  thankful to  repjeffdenham for his work to force a…
agriculture is the largest employer in al-02  and i always appreciate hearing from groups like the  southerncroppa …
 dyk   americans consume up to 46m turkeys each thanksgiving  fantastic news for  pa15   which is pa s ⃣1⃣ 🦃producin…
thanks for your question  hopefully  mrsb1stgraders can meet  realdonaldtrump in the future  ask buddy
today i m flying with  vp to in to discuss what  realdonaldtrump s tax cuts have done for hoosiers  over 28 compani…
happening now   reprobwoodall is managing the 2nd rule for the make america secure and prosperous act  watch the  housefloor live on  cspan 
terrific news 
 mrelliott_main thank you for the invite & your dedication to teaching your students about the public policy proces…
the committee has finished listening to testimony on h r  4182 and will now consider h r  1699  the preserving acce…
will be intro ing international terror-finance accountability act to help us victims of terrorism hold terror-financing states accountable 
at 12 30  tomcoleok04 will be managing the first rule on the make america secure appropriations act  watch the  housefloor live on  cspan 
rt  stevescalise  50 years after his death  dr  king s powerful message of love and equality continues to inspire millions   mlk50 
north texans are already benefiting from tax reform  tx24 
 scrippsbee  toddgillman congrats todd 
today  vietnam war veterans day we honor all those who bravely served in vietnam in defense of our great nation  tha…
on september11 2001  our nation was viciously attacked  15 years later  we remain vigilant & unafraid never forget
i spoke with  abc22fox45 about my letter to  epa calling for the public release of a water contamination study affe…
thank you for advocating for our utah educators  great to meet you all today 
this young man s bravery and selflessness is the epitome of what it means to be a texan  rt if you agree …
rt  realdonaldtrump  today the house took major steps toward securing our schools by passing the stop school violence act  we must put the…
happy birthday   speakerryan 
great to be on  foxbusiness talking taxcuts this morning   ab_insights is leaving new york and bringing 1000  jobs…
rt  10tv  watch live  vice president mike pence to speak about trump policies  including tax cuts  in cleveland 10…
great to see everyone at this week s south dakota sunrise coffee  just good people all around  thank you for taking…
the committee has adopted a manager s amendment offered by  repkevinyoder  making technical and noncontroversial ch…
great to be in decatur today to talk with employees at ups about the federal budget & take questions on tax reform …
in march 2016  army veteran taylor force was murdered by a palestinian terrorist  today  proud to report that house…
this is only the start  under our tax relief bill  americans will continue to see bigger paychecks  more jobs and a…
amen  jesuscalling
meeting with small business owners in madison county about the tax cutsand jobs act  these entrepreneurs tell me thei…
happy mother s day  thank you to the mothers in our district who have been so instrumental in raising up our communities 
this week  we won a victory for hoosiers against the washington establishment  by passing the presidential allowanc…
rt  marykielarcny  human trafficking round table discussion with officials and reps from  verahouseinc    mcmahonryancac and  repjohnkatko…
on this national dayof prayer  i join all americans in praying for the future our great nation 
rt  foxnews  tonight on  justice    judgejeanine is joined by  gopleader  tune in at 9p et on fox news channel 
repealing obamacare & creating a replacement with quality  affordable care should remain a priority 
every child in america should feel safe at school  that is why i voted for the bipartisan stop school violence act …
rt  reptipton  proud that my tailor act was one of the bills passed  this legislation will allow small banks and credit unions to use their…
rt  repshimkus  as a former high school teacher  i m excited to join  rodneydavis and  repkinzinger in this announcement  by offering these…
  conawaytx11  repgoodlatte  congressmangt  desjarlaistn04  reptedyoho  repabraham  rephartzler  rogermarshallmd
 icymi  check out the front page of the  kdhnews today to read more about yesterday s naturalization ceremony
i appreciate you all stopping by 
 md01  students  educators  and parents  the deadline for military service academy nominations is october 30 
the announcement by north and south korea to work towards formally ending the korean war and denuclearization is en…
rt  politicolive  follow along with this morning s convo on the opioid crisis with pro h c and tune-in live at 8 40 a m  at
rt  justinamash  if you re wondering who voted yes and who voted no on the disastrous omnibus bill  here are the roll calls  house 
we re seeing tax reform help out hardworking people  families  & businesses across new mexico & america  at least 2…
rt  detroitnews  u s  rep  mike bishop is questioning secretary of agriculture sonny perdue about taxpayer-funded research experiments on c…
the aviation industry is one of many on the front lines to combat human trafficking  today  i spoke with pilots reg…
sad to see  jordyrnelson leave  he s a class act who will always be a part of the green bay community 
rt  waysandmeansgop  today  the house is voting on two bills – the tax payer first act and 21st century irs act – to redesign  refocus  and…
social security still doesn t have the ability to verify state & local govs are properly reporting wages for covered workers
honored to speak with members of the center for workplace compliance   cwc_alert  this morning about my…
poll - do you support president trump s proposed blanket tariffs on steel and aluminum imports  submit →…
kudos to pearland s own  asouleusa  coming from behind to win the  gold  in the crosscountryskiing 1 1km sprint in…
watch  nasa s coverage of solar eclipse2017
promising news from  secretarysonny for iowa s livestock producers 
 honor to the soldier and sailor everywhere  who bravely bears his country s cause   - lincoln 🇺🇸
according to  nwyc s quarterly index 74 percent of small business owners expect revenues to be higher in 2018 & mor…
rt  ndhospitalassn  thanks  repkevincramer for always supporting north dakota hospitals 
jerry brown and sacramento democrats raised your gas taxes and dmv fees instead of doing the right thing and killin…
during a constituent tour of the u s  capitol last night  residents of ar4 were greeted by a surprise visitor -…
rt  carolinaarts  sc rep  mark sanford accepting entries for congressional art competition - deadline may 1  2018 v…
given all that is going on in north korea  syria and across the globe  president trump needs his pick for secretary…
rt  foxnews    replouiegohmert   i would submit [mueller] did more damage to the  fbi than all the fbi directors put together since j  edga…
 otd  130 years ago  the statue of liberty arrives in new york harbor aboard a french ship
jump starting our economy through tax reform to encourage main street growth is a top priority 
as  potus and i have said before  walls work  i am pleased to see we are making great progress securing our souther…
joining paul miller on  wphm1380 to talk tax reform tune in here 📻 
it s been a busy agweek meeting with representatives of the  wifarmbureau   gltpa and  voiceofmilk  looking forwar…
having the opportunity to visit armenia  a nation so many of my constituents know and love  was an unforgettable ex…
i support  tpa   here s why 
my full statement on today s  financialcmte subcommittee hearing 
that being said  i m grateful we will use this opportunity to achieve a much-needed  long-term re-authorization of…
70 000 puerto ricans call  pa15  home  proud to join  repsmucker in asking  dhsgov for regulatory change to aid…
wonderful news  great to see that matt s recovery is going well 
rt  theaward  👀 | take a look at last month s ceremony for florida s 18th district  where  repbrianmast presented 67 congressional awards t…
rt  mschlapp  roger you are a good man to get in there and fight  keep it going my friend
rt  blopezstewart   we should be the country that others strive to be      repjeffduncan at  pp2018 
rt  nature_ok  great visit with  tomcoleok04 in dc  voices for nature  mike_fuhr
health centers offer excellent community-based care for patients around the country  i was able to tour some of tri…
join me at 11 40 on  foxnews to talk about the latest in russia news with  melissaafrancis 
rt  csrapeace    congressmanhice hopes plutonium pit production will resume at savannah river site augusta g a nuclearweapons atomicbombs…
the numbers are in - my office saved  275 725 80 from our annual budget  many career bureaucrats in washington thin…
the dra understands – as do i – vital impact rural aviation has on the economic well-being of louisiana  our farmer…
to my friends observing yom kippur - i wish you all a meaningful fast 
thank you  redcross for working tirelessly to keep hoosiers safe  in09 
i ve said since the horrific shooting in parkland that doing nothing is not an option  that we must act to secure o…
rt  repbost  one of my proudest accomplishments in congress was getting signed into law my bill to streamline the veterans  benefits appeal…
zuckerberg hearing
stupid is as stupid does  with the highest murder rate in the u s  —fugitive city— baltimore creates program & publ…
i am never a believer that the government should be picking winners & losers – we need to make sure we can get thes…
today is president ronald reagan s 107th birthday  a strong and courageous leader  and one of my favorite president…
happy national ag day  national ag week is an important opportunity for us to educate consumers on the skill  planni…
rt  ron_on_ron  in honor of national ffa week - congressman frank lucas remembers his days in the blue & gold
pleasure to see members from the nebraska credit union league  they shared incredible stories of their members  dem…
americans are waiting too long for a disability hearing  & social security must get the backlog under control 
exactly right  that s why we re working on the jobs for success act which will get americans off the sidelines and…
my full statement on why i could not support the budget deal passed by congress 
sb financial in defiance was giving bonuses   raises due to the tax cutsand jobs act  along w/ launching a volunteer…
i will be on  foxnews in a few minutes to discuss how the omnibus package is a positive step towards rebuilding the military 
rt  housecommerce  mr  gary mendell  founder and ceo of shatterproof  lost his son brian in 2010 to suicide after 13 months substance-free …
enjoy strolling through the monuments  the east wing of the white house  or our nation s capitol on your next visit…
rt  foxnews    repmccaul   this individual terrorized my hometown for almost a month  and now the nightmare is over  now it s time to heal …
this week we were able to pass h r 5764  the great lakes restoration initiative  glri  act of 2014 
enjoyed discussing the important role of pharmacists in our community with my own  walgreens pharmacists 
mac was proud to vote in support of  speakerryan and is looking forward to advancing the a better way agenda in the…
rt  axios  in response to the tax plan  walmart is raising starting wages  providing bonuses and expanding benefits 
excited to welcome  betsydevosed to the capitol today for our schoolchoice rally 
terrific meeting with  nikkihaley  us ambassador to un  commended her for defending america s interests in un  days…
rt  heritageoth  starting farm bill subsidy event - watch online  heritage
happening now  the  houseappropsgop lhhs subcommittee holds the fy19 member day hearing  watch live here 
 the nasa authorization bill demonstrates congress  continued commitment to u s  leadership and superiority in spac…
great news  the house just passed hr 613  the lieutenant osvaldo albarati correctional officer self-protection act …
nebraska agriculture has a great story to tell  my weekly column&gt &gt &gt 
met with  marissaaevans this morning for another interview on the goals and vision of the medicaid task force
great to be in missoula for the montana chamber of commerce manufacturing and international trade day yesterday 
on last night s tele-town hall  i was able to connect with more than 2 400  md01  residents  on the call were a few…
get this--we don t actually know how long  snap  recipients are on the program  we believe these benefits are tempor…
rt  cspanwj  icymi  rep   bobbyscott  d-va  &  repjasonlewis  r-mn  took viewer calls on criminal justice reform & their bipartisan safe ju…
house boosts funding for veterans programs
2  the department of defense is allocated over  8 7 billion for space defense  a tremendous amount of these funds w…
i asked if he thought our brave men & women in uniform deserved the same retirement treatment as other public serva…
rt  fletc    repbuddycarter met with director walters and deputy director fallon today  instructors briefed carter on fletc s active shoote…
next year  americans will no longer be forced to buy government-mandated health insurance they don t want  don t ne…
may is national foster care month – a time to recognize the important work foster parents do to ensure that foster ch…
my prayers are with rep  louise slaughter s family and friends today  she served her constituents in new york state…
rt  facethenation  today on  facethenation with  margbrennan we talk to  repteddeutch   repbrianmast  and  asahutchinson  don t miss it  ht…
bravo 👏gwyneth higgins from medina high school  medinaprincipal who was the 1st runner-up in the congressional art…
  hudsoninstitute and  worldvision experts brief staff on the mosul offensive  fight against isis & humanitari…
my statement on supporting govt funding and the children s health insurance program — if senate democrats want to v…
 the agency needs to be in a more reliable position than it is with its decades-old it systems  and the legislation…
cam  looking forward to having you in my dc office  ag  al03  war eagle
rt  healthylakes  thanks for standing up for our great lakes and the  glri   reppaulmitchell  our congressional champions in congress have a…
calling all student artists in minnesota s 6th district  the deadline for the 2018 congressional art competition is…
proud of my alma mater  umichbball  good luck in tonight s national championship  goblue
rt  indianarla  always enjoy catching up with rep  susanwbrooks and chatting workforce development restaurants2018 🇺🇸
rt  mpmorningsun  clare s rynearson attends state of the union
this weekend  i spoke at the  nmwf homecoming for heroes gala in oakalla  tx  america is a truly exceptional countr…
celebrating with my granddaughter rana who graduated from watauga high school today 
i m so proud to be a grad of  mdcollege  what a jewel we have right here in our community  congrats to these 17 000…
tomorrow is  deahq s national prescription drug take back day to help end the opioidcrisis  we must all do to our…
rt  nikkihaley  congratulations to our new secretary of state and my dear friend  mike pompeo  u s strong 🇺🇸
richard bragdon  an aroostook county native  served our nation with dedication and i was pleased to present the nat…
honored to have  potus at the nationalprayerbreakfast  a tradition started by eisenhower to emphasize faith in usa 
my full martin luther king day statement 
  potus goes where others fear to tread&addresses issues that need to be addressed  that was my response last week…
rt  theijr  exclusive op-ed   cathymcmorris writes that facebook ceo mark zuckerberg  missed the point  during his recent congressional tes…
  tgowdysc  it is in all of our interests these reentries be successful 
rt  covnews    congressmanhice says the defense spending bill would boost the nation s cybersecurity and give the military a pay raise  htt…
thank you for coming in to meet with me 
rt  mainst4growth    reptomrice  thx for your dedication to helping create jobs & smallbiz growth by supporting  tcja   taxreformnow tax…
more than 80% of filers in florida s congressional district 11 claim the standard deduction each year  thus the vas…
rt  steeleandungar    repjackbergman has confidence in  secshulkin s leadership of the va   we d rather be at the partnership level so we c…
we are excited to announce the 2018 congressional art competition for high school students from michigan s first di…
enjoyed our conversation today  michfarmbureau  thanks so much for your time   mi08 
🚨live  the weaponization of  nepa  & implications of environmental lawfare
rt  natresources  money used to purchase guns  ammo  and other hunting equipment for species like turkeys all go back into conservation …
thank you  realdonaldtrump for your comments supporting limited & reformed system of earmarks - a commonsense way…
thx for speaking on my legacy of public service  miamisup  i know it was hard to make up so many nice things to say 
rt  rep_hunter  america s military fights to defend our freedom and keep us safe  as we observe military appreciation month  i encourage e…
on now with  morningsmaria  tune in 
from internships to capitol tours  my office is glad to offer a variety of resources to  ga10  residents in both my…
reminder  tomorrow at 10 am sub oversight holds a hearing with executives from the top drug distributors at the hea…
congrats to  ndwbb on their incredible win over uconn last night  good luck in the finals 
if it s legal to sell raw milk in two different states  why would the federal government put you in prison for taki…
the freedom to practice religion free from government coercion is paramount to liberty  we celebrate today the 232n…
rt  txcattlefeeders  thanks to tx reps   conawaytx11  reparrington  mactxpress for visiting with tcfa leaders today  d c beef meet
rt  westerncaucus  our youngest policy analyst at today s  westcaucusfound is tommy  he s the son of tom forese  tomforese  chairman of the…
more coverage of our bill  the lieutenant osvaldo albarati correctional officer self-protection act  which passed t…
check out this article re   the craziest thing in the world  aka obamacare  fridayreads ⇨ via  weeklystandard
every year  the fed gov t spends billions rebuilding the same structures in the same places with little considerati…
this week  we have the opportunity to bring meaningful reform to  snap   create new opportunities for our fellow ame…
excel manufacturing  a manufacturing plant in seymour  makes a wide range of car parts from cast iron  aluminum  st…
under our tax reform plan  92% of taxpayers will claim the standard deduction  saving you money and making filing y…
rt  houseforeign    repedroyce applauds north korea shipping sanctions
rt  sbalist  the numbers are in  millennials are with us on banning abortion when babies can feel pain  pro life  t… 
rt  jecrepublicans  chairman  reperikpaulsen in the  wsj  tax reform is working  sen  rubio  topline  real earnings after taxes are up 3 4%…
 arforestrycomm we couldn t have picked a better day to have a productive meeting with the nature conservancy in th…
rt  customersbank  honored to have  repsmucker and  reprothfus with us today to celebrate the power of partnership buildingcommunities htt…
  realdonaldtrump s action today means that iran can & should be stopped before they can usher in a new holocaust …
 wearesinclair- a maryland based company - has announced that it will pay  1 000 bonuses to 9 000 employees  exclud…
i had a fantastic time visiting the peace ranch in traverse city this morning   peaceranchtc
 the art of taxation consists in so plucking the goose as to obtain the largest quantity of feathers with the least…
a life lived in the service of god   billygraham  a towering figure in american history who had a passion for shari…
pleased to see reno s varo director appointed to directors advisory cmte to provide support to  deptvetaffairs & improve care for our vets
congratulations to  copsdoughnuts on being the cover story for the most recent edition of  michigan country lines  
happening now  the time is now to secure our borders & find a permanent fix for  daca  recipients  this is why  i an…
rt  lamarsmithtx21  yesterday congressional app challenge winner for tx-21  peter chacko  shared with me the latest updates to his app  prt…
today  i m wearing purple for world pancreatic cancer day  i lost my great grandmother to this horrible disease  💜…
congrats to ocean county s  al_leiter22 on his induction into the new jersey hall of fame  al was an all star on th…
had a great time at  usda today with  vp pence and  secretarysonny for national ag day to celebrate and honor americ…
the house is prioritizing national security by investing in proper resources & providing service members w/ their l…
rt  senorrinhatch  how are you celebrating this last tax day with our outdated  broken tax code  thanks to tax reform  senator hatch is ce…
rt  paleyinstitute  congressman brian mast  repbrianmast visited the paley institute this morning and met many of our amazing patients  he…
   more violations    iran  4  refuses access to their mil sites   5  conducted mechanical testing of advanced cent…
our country deserves a director w/ not only impeccable credentials but also one who can unite the country as we str…
the growth of mandatory spending is putting vital programs like social security and medicare at risk of insolvency …
  emmanuelmacron address to congress was one of solidarity freedom  a msg overwhelmingly welcomed by this hallowed…
great meeting with jason  who served with the 101st airborne division  and abraham lincoln  i introduced the vetera…
congratulations to all of the winners at tonight s paulding county chamber of commerce awards banquet  great to see…
today i reviewed the classified memo prepared by the house permanent select committee on intelligence  watch the ad…
rt  reason  amash  paul  and others trying to stop congress from expanding domestic surveillance powers
recognizing national estuaries week via  youtube
  ups  one of the largest employers in kentucky  today announced a  12 billion investment to benefit their workers…
thx to ohio propane gas assoc & linden s propane for tour yesterday  have to make sure fed regs work for both publi…
so honored to have peter rosenberger as my guest tonight for the sotu
there are currently 139 executive  57 district court  & 10 circuit court nominations pending  the senate needs to s…
the child tax credit is doubled for the 44 219 taxpayers in  il06 that claim it and many more families will now be a…
thank you brunswick coast guard station for a great visit yesterday  i enjoyed meeting the hard-working coast guard…
on may 4  york county will host the first  givelocalyork day  communities from around the county will host events t…
tax reform is  maga  unemployment ↓ wages ↑ consumer confidence ↑ utility bills ↓
 speakerryan has served the american people and wisconsin s 1st congressional district with integrity and honor  i…
congratulations to the students in ohio s 5th congressional district that have been accepted to a u s  military ser…
our military spouses should not be denied the security that comes from the constitutional right to bear arms  my a…
rt  lakeemergency  post-storm tips by the fema  keep in mind that lake county issued a curfew until 6 00 p m  today  sept  11  hurricane i…
  ottertailpwrco announced that due to the tax cuts and jobs act s lower corporate tax rate it submitted a revised req…
i had a great time last week touring facilities and meeting with folks in the district     
rt  rodneydavis  rural areas should have the same access to broadband and infrastructure that urban areas do  this farm bill strengthens ru…
more proof that taxreform is working 
it s an honor to be named one of the hillvets legislators of the year  thank you  hillvets
passed → the medgar evers home national monument act 
views from the chilly dunkirk  ny  ny23 
the fy19 milcon-va  houseappropsgop subcommittee bill delivers on the promises of the federal government to support…
rt  riaa    riaa ceo cary sherman   one step closer to the finish line  for music community & widely-supported critical licensing reforms a…
we re celebrating tax day this year because april 17 marks the last time that taxpayers will ever have to deal with…
inspiring start to  sotu  with introductions of many american heroes who represent the spirit of our great country 
stopped by to celebrate rockaway borough at the annual street fair 
rt  foxnews    repleezeldin   all signals is that the president will not be staying in the iran nuclear deal  
rt  repmcsally  today s the last tax day we file under the 32 year old tax code  under our new tax code  we lowered individual tax rates so…
otd in 1982  the vietnam veterans memorial was dedicated in dc  the memorial wall is etched with 58 318 names 
rt  aarptx  thanks to  petesessions  sponsorship of the raise familycaregiversact there s now more focus on family caregivers nationwide--…
breaking   fosta    my  sesta  amendment was signed into law 
south dakota agriculture is at the heart and soul of who we are as a state  few places are still like that  but whi…
i appreciate  realdonaldtrump and  usda for taking action to provide relief to ranchers impacted by recent wildfire…
my op-ed in the morning consult today looks at how  cfpb failed to use accurate and complete data when making its r…
sitting down with the iowa primary care association today to discuss the importance of community health centers in…
rt  foxnews    repjimrenacci   i was so happy when  potus said that we re going to cut taxes for americans  
happy mother s day  
best of luck to nebraska s very own thedford high school national science bowl team whose competition begins on su…
rt  housegop  today on human trafficking awareness day  let s remember that the work to end human trafficking continues  why  because every a…
rt  gopoversight    jim_jordan  we need to hear how these and other issues will be resolved  the american people are tired of this pattern…
thanks to  nasa_marshall for inviting us to tour inside the nasa super guppy  it landed at redstone today to trans…
congrats to  michaelburgess  our new health subcommittee chair  i m ready to work w/ you as vice chair to fix our broken health care system 
congrats and thanks for allowing my staff to join the occasion 
wishing everyone a very blessed easter  he is risen 
rock chalk jayhawk - congrats to bill self and the  kuhoops team on making it to the sweet 16 for the 31st time in…
the house is considering five veterans bills tonight  more info from  gopleader 
news  congressman randy hultgren on tariffs and trade with china
we are one step closer to rewriting our broken tax code  one that will be fairer and simpler for all …
icymi- this editorial discusses the importance of my bi-partisan government reform initiative with congresswoman ca…
i m glad the administration listened to the voices of floridians and will not be drilling off the coast of florida …
speaking w/  wics_abc20 and  khqa for this week s connect to congress interview
we must never forget the horrors  the suffering  and the loss endured in the holocaust so many years ago  each year…
looking forward to joining  outnumberedot with  harrisfaulkner at 10 40am  pst   tune in 
great to see the  romechamber  including their youngest member   in dc for their annual meetings with the georgia d…
happening now →  housejudiciary crime subcommittee hearing on forensic science  tune in 
rt  aan  thanks to  reprodblum s support of the tax cuts and jobs act  an average  ia01  family of four is going to save  2 564  that is the…
icymi  the recently passed spending bill includes money for school safety and continued repairs on the herbert hoov…
today is national drug take back day  having excess and unused medicine lying around is a recipe for danger  these…
it was great to meet with kentucky  aipac representatives to discuss how we can support israel 
our government should be of the people  by the people  and with that as our guiding principle  term limits are some…
my statement with  reppeteaguilar on why we voted against the omnibus today   daca 
happy teacher appreciation day  let s all take a moment to reach out to the men and women who are inspiring the mind…
icymi  my op-ed on improving the water infrastructure in our country  having a clean environment and strong infrast…
thank you for having me 
glad the house is taking up important legislation introduced by  repannwagner today to help stop online sex traffic…
rt  jim_jordan  7  why did doj lawyer bruce orr meet with fusion gps founder glenn simpson after the election  to get their story straight…
rt  repkevinbrady  next tax day you will see lower rates and a tax code that s great 
happy national milk day  thanks to all the dairy farmers and producers in minnesota   mn02 
our economy is thriving  tax reform is helping bring an end to years of economic uncertainty and stagnation  now  w…
rt  texasgamewarden  honored that asst cmdr b reeder testified last week on capitol hill at house subcommittee mtg discussing combating ill…
we value the ongoing conversations with our neighbors and look forward to seeing you at our town hall  thursday  m…
today is the national day of prayer  please take a moment to pray for our nation and leaders  and to give thanks to…
good job on  jeopardy  steven mond- winning     for his classroom  real salt lake academy math history buff…
 fy18ndaa  is a bipartisan effort of the house & the senate armed services committees to address serious issues & pr…
 cgyaffe  thebuffalonews  desrocherscd  canadany  pablovaldesjuan  dcgknasim  canadabuf  lindasoltis  dandc…
last night i joined  foxnews  nextrevfnc with  stevehiltonx to discuss my new legislation cracking down on chinese…
the iowa bankers association stopped by to discuss regulations and economic issues   ia01 
thank a vietnam veteran today  national vietnam war veterans day veterans honor
i asked mr  brune if this new software would make it harder to get the doj to prosecute if the fraud schemes   are on the smaller scale 5/6
thank you for having me 
just like our military  our men and women in police uniform put their lives on the line every day for our freedoms …
multiple businesses have announced bonuses  pay raises and plans to invest more into the economy  thanks to passage…
rt  brendancarrfcc  in chelsea  michigan  for a roundtable hosted by  repwalberg heard from local businesses  community members  & small…
happening now ⬇️
the transportation subcommittee is now holding a hearing on rail safety and infrastructure  watch live …
rt  housejudiciary  the  securing america s future act  accomplishes these three priorities—and prevents future illegal immigration  read m…
today america s pastor  reverend billy graham will lie in honor at the u s  capitol rotunda  this is a fitting trib…
today i highlighted efforts to keep our children & schools safe w/  syracuseschools  westgeneseecsd  cbrownwgcsd…
factcheck  recognition of the legitimate capital of a nation--our ally--is not a threat to peace  you know what…
it was an honor to receive a tour of the quindaro townsite from local historians and activists who are working hard…
rt  goerie  kelly  tax reform has been  incredible boost  to economy
our prayers are with the families impacted by yesterday s terror attacks in afghanistan  the bombings of voter regi…
looking forward to meeting with you soon  jimmydawson to talk about the great work you re doing for the  amspirates
without a doubt the two best interns in town 👍🏾thanks for all y alls hard work for  tx23  this spring   & gigem  
tax reform is working → the unemployment rate in missouri dropped by 1 195 people in february  learn more by tex…
visited  libertyvindicat following the southeast texas rice symposium  we discussed several important topics  incl…
icymi  smith codel meets famine victims & us aid workers fighting to save lives
over the last year  nsf has spent more than  300 000 of taxpayer funds studying the impact of dear colleagues lette…
rt  pascogovaffairs  the stars  stripes and smiles dental care for veterans is such a great event  thank you  repgusbilirakis  fdadental a…
rt  jecrepublicans  weekly economic update  top econ indicator highlights  blockchain s medical potential & aug jobs review
happy 267th birthday to former  va05  congressman  james madison  the  father of the constitution   co-author of the…
rt  herschelwalker  always great to see fellow georgian  repbuddycarter discussing the phit act    phit18    
rabidly anti-trump lead agent peter strzok acknowledged that the mueller probe would yield nothing  if even the gu…
rt  austinscottga08  have you been impacted by the tax cutsand jobs act  starting in february  your paycheck may have seen a boost thanks to…
rt  keithrothfus  with taxreform we are getting our people back in the game again  empowering them with hope  skills  and opportunity to b…
thanks to tax cuts and jobs act   alliantenergyia estimates customer savings up to  19 6 million for electric &  3 …
good idea  gov  john bel edwards wants  reasonable  work requirement for medicaid recipients
rt  armychiefstaff  today  our  usarmyreserve celebrates 110 years of service to the army and the nation  happy 110th birthday to america s…
rt  carrie_byington    tamhsc s new opioid task force will have a direct impact on communities across tx  opioid ep…
everyone who knows gloria padilla knows that she is a beacon of light to the immokalee community  in the wake of hu…
couldn t agree more  no matter who is in control or what the ratios are  it is important for all of us who care abo…
  cvshealth recently placed a drug disposal unit in the 42nd district  as part of their initiative to combat the op…
the american people have the right to know  release the memo
this month we celebrate black history month and recognize the tremendous contributions our african-american communi…
rt  natresources    potus   in our drive to make washington accountable  we have eliminated more regulations in our first year than any adm…
visiting with  homedepot employees in poplar bluff  happy to hear first hand how the new tax cuts are putting more…
rt  housegop    potus  taxreform will be heading your way soon  we re committed to getting 2059more back in the pockets of everyday ameri…
my commute back home to indiana went a little quicker today  it was an honor to join the  vp aboard air force two t…
rt  stribrooks  rep  lewis places a vikings-eagles wager and the stakes could not be higher   spam 
rt  whitehouse  under president trump s leadership  small business optimism and the economy have reached historic levels  more 
icymi  my weekly newsletter  including my floor speech for  saltlakecc  my weekly votes  and my statement on…
breaking  doj announces fast and furious documents withheld by eric holder will be released
legislation must be brought to the floor as soon as possible to renew the land & water conservation fund before it…
thanks to everyone who participated in last night s telephone town hall discussion about tax reform  gun violence …
regulatory relief is allowing industry to grow and people to succeed small business week
rt  usglc  america must lead  it s remarkably important  not just to us but to peace and stability and security of the world  — reptomprice…
great talking with students from sandusky community schools who were in washington d c  for a school tour  i hope y…
praying for all the victims & those impacted by the tragedy in las vegas last night  thankful for our police & 1st responders on the scene 
great news for vets nationwide  my bill  hr918  requiring the  deptvetaffairs to provide mental healthcare to vete…
rt  houseappropsgop  chairman  usreprodney s statement on house passage of continuing resolution preventing government shutdown and funding…
chairman brady in  dcexaminer   across america  there are almost 30 million small businesses that employ nearly hal…
americans care about the qualities inherent in people of good conscience who want to become americans – no matter w…
rt  sitesexhibits  the obligatory group shot before the 2nd day of mail call on the hill  thanks to  royblunt   tomcoleok04   davidjskorton…
 1/2 i ve always been opposed to the iran nuke deal that the obama administration put forward  i voted against it wh…
yesterday  ussupremecourt upheld key provisions of 1996 statute requiring convicted aliens to be detained while con…
rt  poncatribeofne  members of the northern ponca housing authority board of directors  along with tribal chairman larry wright jr  and np…
rt  natresources  on wednesday   natresources will markup the  national strategic and critical minerals production act  by  markamodeinv2 t…
rt  jecrepublicans  looking for wednesday wisdom  check out our new podcast hosted by chair  pattiberi with guest  repdavid
 sanctuary policies can act as a magnate for foreign criminal organizations  because they know that immigration vio…
good to be back in beaufort today   
thank you  kcadvtweets for meeting w/ me to discuss helping domestic violence victims  if you need help  click here…
seven hours and going strong   hascrepublicans are hard at work marking up this year s  ndaa  to ensure that we have…
watch now  join me live on  cnn with carol to discuss national security and tonight s potus town hall  mtpol
last week cvs announced a pay bump from  9 to  11/hr  for hourly workers and expanded parental leave for full-time…
  drphilroe   vachair   reptimwalz   senatortester statement on ig report regarding va secretary travel 
 uscg brought me to florida this morning w/ speakerryan and  judgecarter to assess damage and recovery costs from i…
this year s congressional art competition submissions were exemplary models of the quality artists and art educator…
read my latest  nc10  weekly newsletter to learn more about my busy week in  wnc  touring thriving businesses  attend…
 we want every american to know the dignity of a hard day s work   on  waysandmeansgop human resources subcommittee…
democrats shouldn t resist the trump tax cuts  tax reform is a better deal for all americans   maga  ✅ unemployment…
rt  scottwongdc    republicanstudy leaders call for stand-alone vote on goodlatte/mccaul daca/immigration bill  which has much tougher bord…
rt  rodneydavis  today  we celebrated our office s intern john s last week in the congressional internship program for individuals with int…
rt  cass_carlson   reparrington recognizing a member of the  lubbockhs njrotc saying the nation is special because of   people willing to g…
rt  vawestpalmbeach  congressional office is back open  the shared congressional office at our medical center is back open  it is located i…
billy graham touched the lives of millions of americans  he was a tremendous christian leader  and he will be greatly missed 
time to build rt  ap  breaking  nebraska supreme court tosses keystone pipeline lawsuit  says plaintiffs don t have standing 
because of tax reform  4 million american workers have received raises and bonuses  and 90% of americans are seeing…
our hearing on article i  effective oversight and power of the purse has started  watch live on  cspan or online he…
the obama iran deal was a concession that failed to protect america s national security interests and only further…
 janeplinty get used to it tweets r not required to be perfect  just understandable
i am returning to florida to be in our community as we face hurricane irma  please prepare and heed warnings 
it is important that god raises up great men and women of faith in our country and for us to realize we cannot be a…
rt  housegop  the tax cuts & jobs act will help people like glenda  she has worked hard  grown a business  and is looking for a break from…
under 4%  the lowest point since 2000 in addition to adding 164 000 jobs  the unemployment has finally dropped bel…
today we will honor the life of bartonville native air force cpt mark weber  who served as a combat rescue officer …
whoa   lopezcantera  it was great to see you and your beautiful bride  you re a tremendous leader for our community
the real problem with iran negotiations
rt  financialcmte  last night  the house of representatives passed two bipartisan financial services bills that help protect consumers and…
hurricane irma relief hurricane irma aftermath
the house just passed right to try – a bill to let terminally ill patients try experimental treatments  this is abo…
chairman goodlatte   like many of you  i have followed the heartbreaking stories of abuse in the usa gymnastics org…
we can t allow loopholes in our justice system to let illegal aliens off the hook for their crimes  that s why i co…
the music modernization act 🎶 is the first major update to our music licensing laws in decades  will help ensure am…
rt  kcmikemahoney  federal judges orders syed jamal  a lawrence man facing deportation  released from jail immediately while he waits for f…
icymi  yesterday  the house passed h r  2989  the frederick douglass bicentennial commission act
mourning with the terre haute community this morning  we are thankful for this officer s heroic sacrifice in the li…
rt  nmpf  thank you   repjohnfaso  for your support for upstate new york dairy farmers 
live at 9 30et➡️the historic 2017 hurricane season  impacts on the u s  virgin islands  watch📺…
eastern shore residents - join me on monday  1/29 at 5 30 for my second telephone town hall of 2018  to receive a c…
rt  repdinatitus  this morning i ll be holding my first hearing as the ranking member of the  transport subcommittee on economic developmen…
prayers for all those without power or facing damage this evening after the storm and tornado  please watched for d…
special thanks to the calhoun police department for their service to our community 
the ap government class at  oehs308 had great questions about politics & government—how govt works  what is congres…
on the floor joined by seth parish who is joining me for the second year as part of the take your child to work day…
chairman  repgoodlatte   given the department s ongoing delays in producing these documents  i am left with no choi…
in a little over 5 mins  i m joining  mariabartiromo and a panel on  foxbusiness  morningsmaria  looking forward to…
rt  foxandfriends  coming up…   toddrokita  drmarcsiegel  waynedupreeshow  nfergus  replouiegohmert  varneyco  ryanmauro  wjmcgurn  1chuck…
tonight s monumental announcement of north korea s willingness to discuss a diplomatic solution proves that preside…
on friday   potus announced the united states joined our allies  great britain and france  in carrying out targeted…
today  repmcgovern   repmikecapuano   tomrooney   repbarbaralee & i are urging  statedept to develop and implement…
glad you guys stopped by and met with nick  sorry i missed you 
i visited  terexcorp s facility in okc last friday  it s always good to be back in oklahoma and to visit with hard-…
the r e v i e wact would address burdensome billion-dollar regulations via  aaf  housejudiciary
proud to nominate david baker of morristown- a 2017 angel in adoption  for his tireless dedication to improving lives of young people 
happening now  i m speaking on the house floor about hr  2372 - the veteran act  watch here 
tax reform will create jobs  grow our economy and put more money in the pockets of americans  read the framework …
i understand the irony of saying all this on twitter  and candidly  this is something i struggle with   while i val…
paul ryan s career in the house is one of integrity and accomplishments  i m honored to have the opportunity to ser…
i applaud the trump administration for proactively securing a trade deal with china that supports u s  beef
rt  rep_stevewomack    potus  my duty  and the sacred duty of every elected official in this chamber  is to defend americans -- to protect…
we should be concerned about the amount of religious and conservative content providers are deeming objectionable 
rt  ushousehistory  happy birthday mr lincoln  see how the house celebrated his 100th  otd  in 1909   fordstheatre
rt  thehill  just in  house intel republican calls for house to end its trump-russia probe
rt  dcexaminer  lawmakers prep for house floor battle to derail fisa surveillance bill
rt  cathymcmorris  companies are giving their workers new benefits thanks to the tax cutsand jobs act 
rt  natresources  utility bills across the country are dropping  why  tax reform 💡 
spoke w/ the humboldt county commissioners today about issues affecting nevada & the work i m doing in congress 
congrats to  jordanspieth for his win at  theopen this weekend  his parents & grandparents have strong…
today s hearing was the first step in our extensive review of the resources available to assist our members and sta…
tonight i will be hosting a special hour of speeches along with fellow colleagues on the house floor to honor billy…
  repmcclintock   it s the only credible and comprehensive plan that s been put forward this session to turn us bac…
i had a really productive meeting with mr  jim bruns  executive director of  navyleagueus to discuss nl s 2018 legi…
kentucky is proud of cpl  ret   matthew bradford  we deeply appreciate his valiant service and inspiring bravery 
rt  whitehouse  small businesses are responsible for a significant portion of u s  economic activity and are vital asset to the economy  mo…
rt  gopleader  👍  small biz owners are overhauling their  18 business plans as a result of the sweeping federal tax cuts  with many saying…
our condolences to the bush family on the passing of former first lady barbara bush 
i ll be hosting several neighborhood office hours this weekend  here s where you can find me tomorrow   
i recently presented deputy mike clancy with a congressional record for his heroic efforts in saving the life of a…
  farenthold  this check on the massive regulatory state is long overdue 
rt  politico  while china and russia modernize their submarine fleet  ours is degrading  here s how to fix it  via…
i ve listened to everyone who has called  emailed  written  i ve heard from families& i ve spent time w small busin…
rt  austinscottga08  this morning my bill to help get more sportsmen & women back in the outdoors while generating more funds for wildlife…
my office took part in the  specialolympics awards ceremony hosted by the  gcisd &  grapevinerotary  kaylee was ath…
  housecommerce held a 2-day sub health hearing this week focusing on more than 20 pieces of legislation that aim t…
  usrepgarypalmer  this administration has seized upon a real opportunity to undo much of the damage our government…
looking forward to kicking off the inaugural bipartisan congressional dialogue at  usip with  tlhumanrights co-chai…
from its very inception  the iran deal was nothing short of a foreign policy debacle  president trump is absolutely…
sending prayers for my friend  stevescalise as he continues to recover 
my office is seeking a wounded warrior or medically retired veteran for a paid fellowship  visit for more info 
rt  foxnews  blue lights illuminate the white house  in washington  d c  in honor of peace officers memorial day 
rt  natwicassoc  thank you for posing with our youngest staff member at nwa  roslehtinen think babies hands off w i c hands off s n a p
had a great meeting with  kybroadcasters this morning discussing issues important in the second district
thank you to the chairman and members of the sisseton wahpeton tribe for talking with me about their need for a new…
congrats to spacex for a successful and historic launch and landing
great meeting with you 
wishing my jewish friends many blessings as they celebrate hanukkah 
  reprussell  fifty two percent of actions addressed is a good start  but more can be done 
devastating news out of sutherland springs    brenda and i are praying for the congregation  community  and first responders 
thank you for your leadership through this process   secretarysonny  i look forward to continuing our work together…
yesterday  housecommerce advanced 25 bills that will help us tackle the opioid epidemic  in april  my constituent k…
our better way plan would make health insurance portable—aka you can take your healthcare with you from job-to-job…
rt  nbcsn  no words  just pure emotion from  des_linden  boston marathon
rt  wsj  the gop-led house intelligence committee voted on monday to make public a memo drawn from highly classified law-enforcement materi…
we all must do our part to confront the opioid crisis in our communities  a great way to help is to safely dispose…
my constituent service team will be visiting cannon falls  northfield  and kenyon next wednesday  march 21st to hel…
rt  repdandonovan    househomeland released its february terror threat snapshot  more information here →
president trump s decision to end america s participation in the disastrous iran nuclear deal is in the best intere…
a baby with a heartbeat has a 95% chance of successful birth  that s why   if a heartbeat can be detected  the baby…
rt  gopleader  the house passed 449 bills during  potus first 11 months  that s more than under obama  bush  or clinton  👍
rt  jecrepublicans  chairman  reperikpaulsen on the march 2018 jobs report   common-sense pro-growth policies like the tax cuts and jobs…
  michaelrea75 thanks for your question  ask buddy
we hosted our 8th annual job fair today in jackson  thanks to all the job seekers and local employers who attended…
appropriations committee releases fy 2019 transportation  housing and urban development funding bill 
rt  jeremymlong  pretty full house here at governor mifflin for a meeting about a threat to the high school  dr  steve gerhard  district at…
icymi – what i am doing to stop federal overreach  protect fort knox s energy independence & army readiness
an honor to join my colleagues this morning in service of an important message  tax reform at work  national securi…
rt  ahdaorg  thank you  reppeteking for co-sponsoring the opioids and stop pain initiative  h r 4733   your support will mean a future wit…
great news from  realdonaldtrump  after 11 years  final segments of gateway west transmission line get formal appro…
read chairman  repbillshuster s opening statement during debate on h r  4  the  faa  reauthorization act of 2018 …
heart disease is a serious illness that can happen at any age  you re in control of your health - this valentine s…
rt  boeing  boeing announces  300m employee-related and charitable investment as a result of tax reform legislation to support our heroes …
  roybluntmo  thank you for your continued support on such an important issue   fosta  will be transformative in the…
what does tax reform mean for texas workers  it means you keeping more of your money  learn more …
dufrocq elementary school  via  youtube
yesterday i had the chance to give an update to  mncreditunions on the dodd-frank repeal bill at the minnesota cred…
the sacramento office of the army corps of engineers is the biggest obstacle to local infrastructure that we face …
north american energy independence is key to a strong economy and a strong national security   bhenergy is working…
rt  speakerryan  with the economy soaring and small businesses still struggling to find qualified workers for vacant jobs  it s time we hel…
rt  titanadvocates  thank you  repedroyce for meeting with us today to discuss continued investments in pell grants  trio and gear up  and…
i ll be discussing tax reform live on facebook with the  taxfoundation tomorrow at 9 30 a m  if you have questions…
the day is finally here   usda has unveiled its program to help florida citrus growers recover from hurricane irma …
rt  foxandfriends  coming up      replouiegohmert  alandersh  lh_carter  ultimateairdogs  geraldorivera  karlrove  jockowillink  teamcavuto…
congrats to  insitu_inc – an employer in bingen that is accomplishing big things – on logging your one millionth hour of unmanned flight 
this week is national police week – a time to thank those who keep us safe and remember those who lost their lives i…
americans and their families are more optimistic about the future because the economy is growing again 
wishing the happiest of birthdays to my beautiful wife robin  i look forward to spending many more by your side 
i was proud to lead this letter to  usairforce with the support of the entire  oh  delegation  we can all agree that…
it s a privilege to serve as co-chair of the congressional motorcycle caucus with  repwalberg  during motorcycle aw…
icymi  here is my weekly newsletter - the hill report 
 foreign powers are running intelligence operations throughout the u s  with unprecedented independence from the sa…
in terre haute today for the retirement ceremony of indiana national guard brig  gen  jeffrey w  hauser  adjutant…
i m glad to have butler  p a s own roger newport  ceo of ak steel  testifying before our committee on how the trump…
this is what tax reform is all about → helping taxpayers  especially middle-income families & small businesses  put…
rt  waysandmeansgop  w&m hr subcmte will hold the first in a series of hearings entitled  jobs and opportunity  perspectives on the jobs ga…
last week i got to visit mahindra automotive north america located in auburn hills to witness the unveiling of the…
guns aren t the problem  read my full column via  bladenjournal 
  potus  proposals to combat opioid addiction demonstrate that there is ample opportunity to reach a bipartisan con…
friday i honored the  lhtsd force robotics team & team coach ilija hadzic   stem 
it s clear that brightline isn t qualified for the federal government subsidy they re after to expand on the treasu…
rt  waysandmeansgop    speakerryan   we are delivering relief to those who have struggled for too long under an antiquated system  and we a…
rt  natresources  🚨 breaking  → house passes  cathymcmorris  bill that will save taxpayers  16 million and protect fish by preventing a pote…
this may have been my busiest week ever in terms of meeting with veterans organizations like  amvetshq   iava …
on this day in 1849  1st steamboat  ss california  to travel the pacific from ny to cali  trip took 4 mon & 21 days 
congress is working to include funding for fasta implementation in the omnibus   potus  let s get this board in pla…
 lambmaryann great seal and a good friend
south dakota is on the horizon  at 1 320 miles  the hikewith mike step challenge is rolling through the  land of infinite variety  
together  these commonsense proposals will protect worker freedom and ensure fair union elections 
while punxsutawney phil predicts 6 more weeks of winter  i m predicting democrats aren t going to want to relive th…
thanks to my fellow texan  repmccaul for meeting with the denton county chambers of commerce delegation this aftern…
what an injustice to those immigrants who stood in line to become legal american citizens  that democrats would shu…
st aloysius fish fry friday was great  we enjoy attending these terrific community events 
rt  dbattaglianr  i know i talked with a lot of residence who needed a shelter tonight  one has opened  details in the screenshot 
today s designation of a new dorticós is a nothingburger 
congratulations to  ryanzinke on your confirmation  excited to have you up to the interior  houseappropsgop subcommittee soon  mr  secretary
🚨  repmccaul gaveling in now ↓ watch live here 
speaking with  rachelnpr shortly - tune in  cc  npr
rt  repmccaul  congratulations to my friend & former national security advisor  nsathompson45 on her senate confirmation as under secretary…
 usda  secretary purdue affirms need for my school milk nutrition act to reinstate low-fat flavored milk in schools nutrition matters
there s no better way to celebrate the start of national park week tomorrow than with free entry to all of our incre…
rt  housecommerce  house passes impt publichealth bills by  reppeteolson   michaelcburgess   repguthrie &  reprichhudson &gt &gt 
i cannot fathom how senate democrats have put party over country with a decision that results in service members su…
11  why did lisa page leave mueller probe two weeks before peter strzok  this was two weeks before fbi and special…
my dad passed away yesterday  he was a good man  full of optimism  & a strong sense of duty  i ll always be gratefu…
rt  waysandmeansgop  after tax reform cvs has announced it will raise wages & implement a new paid family leave policy   cvs will boost star…
i always enjoy taking phone calls from constituents in ar4  thank you for calling and giving me your feedback on l…
rt  nfib  reports of improved earnings reached highest levels in the 45-year history of  nfib s optimism index  read more here 
i asked for an oversight hearing to look into brightline s false claim that they are  not publicly funded at all  &…
the interior and environment bill will be marked up in subcommittee on tuesday  may 15  at 5 30 pm 
i wrote a letter urging u s  to investigate iran air ferrying militants to syria and to sanction terror-supporters
grateful that my  fy19ndaa  amendment that condemns russia for their violation of the chemical weapons convention wa…
stopped by one hour heating & air conditioning to discuss the benefits tax reform will bring to their business  thi…
read/watch my house floor statement recognizing their decades of service 
keynoting tonight s pennsylvania wing civil air patrol  cap  annual conference in grantville
vectren announces that their customers will see a reduction in residential energy costs as a direct result of the f…
it s national farmers day  agriculture is the 1 business in north carolina and i am thankful for all of our amazing…
 1/2  thank you so much   speakerryan  for your incredible service to the american people in the house of represent…
this week  the house passed 14 bills to help veterans on all fronts  i m proud to support these bills because amer…
about to join  foxbusiness to discuss why we need to release the memo in order to bring transparency and accountabil…
enjoyed sitting down with  senronjohnson to talk about public service  national security  and ike s legacy 
the u s  unemployment rate hasn t been at 3 9% since 2000  it is clear that tax reform works  learn more at…
rt  cwhitfi7  icymi  here is the interview with  reptomgraves discussing bipartisanship   realdonaldtrump successes and his thoughts on the…
a  65 world series program  sandy koufax  glove  and 3 ⚾️s   52 dodgers   31 yankees  and  49 red sox  are…
rt  katebirnbryerwh  thank you  congressmangt for introducing csbg reauthorization on wednesday  awiseinvestment communityaction  micomma…
taxpayers can still deduct interest incurred new mortgages with principal over  750 000  but only interest payments…
i fully support  brendancarrfcc & the fcc in their efforts to update our nation s regs for 5g  which were created l…
continued prayers for  georgehwbush and the entire bush family 
rt  secretaryacosta  u s  job openings reached a record high of 6 6 million in march  with unemployment at its lowest level since 2000   us…
rt  repmimiwalters  thanks to tax reform  many rate-payers across america are seeing lower utility bills and keeping more of their hard ear…
rt  jefffortenberry  if you are a veteran looking to start a small business  check out this page from the small business administration  it…
honored to be selected by  virginiafoxx as  edworkforce higher education & workforce development subcommittee chair 
looking forward to  potus 45  sotu2018 
rt  speakerryan  join me in taking a moment to remember the 49 innocent lives lost one year ago today in the orlando terrorist attack  or…
 these communities have also played  and can continue to play  the absolutely essential role of disruptor  a classi…
president trump has carefully reviewed the iran deal and is fulfilling his campaign pledge to pull the united state…
day 22 for 31 reasons4 tax reform→ our broken tax code traps business investment overseas 
haunting images from pearl harbor  76 years ago today  we will never forget our nation s best and bravest who were…
democrats called out for lying about the gop tax plan  not one  not two  not three  but four 🤥 🤥🤥🤥s from…
rt  sbalist  [thread] here s a list of all the u s  senators  u s  reps & pro life orgs calling on president  realdonaldtrump to defund p p…
i have been briefed by law enforcement regarding the austin bombings and the active investigation happening in…
i am heartbroken to hear of the passing of former first lady barbara pierce bush  i offer my deep condolences to fo…
tonight  artists from across ar4 gathered for the fourth district congressional art competition  these young artis…
congratulations to  kaycolesjames  an outstanding leadership choice by  heritage 
the house did what we told the american people we would do—we ve funded the troops and held the line on non-defense…
rt  repratcliffe  savings from the taxcutsandjobsact allowed cypress bank to pay its employees  50 000 in hard-earned bonuses 
with today s vote on tax reform  congress is eliminating obamacare s individual mandate – an egregious overreach of…
rt  riponadvance    mactxpress s bill requiring a survey of contested land along the red river passes the house
there are just over two weeks left for  tx24  high school students to submit entries for the congressional art compe…
rt  justinamash  these offensive strikes against syria are unconstitutional  illegal  and reckless  the next speaker of the house must recl…
watch   waysandmeansgop hearing on social security coverage  payroll tax compliance for state/local gov employees
passed and headed to  potus desk   repjeffries and my bill to reauthorize the national wildlife refuge system volun…
tune in  chairman  mactxpress joins  foxnews to talk about his reform proposals to the department of defense 4th estate - watch now
we need to make sure that fraudsters don t continue to benefit at the expense of hardworking taxpayers 3/6
this time next year  americans will file their taxes under a fairer  simpler tax system that promotes job creation…
looking forward to hearing from  potus on his infrastructure plan  we will invest in american workers  reform the r…
in del mar this weekend  checking out the latest in innovation from local entrepreneurs — including the world s fir…
ur veterans shouldn t miss out on lifesaving transplants because of bureaucratic red tape  proud to pass hr 1133 & hr 2601 veterans week
this time next year  many americans will be able to file their taxes on a form much simpler than the one they are h…
check out my merit act on civil service reform   maga 
today at 10  subcommittee hearing on access and accountability to work in welfare programs 
rt  housegop  thanks to the tax cutsand jobs act  consumer optimism jumped to a 14-year high  everyday americans know the best days of econom…
chairman  repmccaul on  potus  fiscal year 2019 budget proposal  read the full statement ↓
texan margaret heffernan borland is the only woman known to have led a cattle drive  buying and selling livestock …
rt  housecommerce  full cmte chairman  repgregwalden and sub oversight chairman  greggharper comment on  deahq action to help combat the  o… 
enjoyed being on the field and throwing out the first pitch for the game in ware shoals last night 
rt  joestgeorge  update from dc  congressman ken buck has officially authored an amendment to end practice of businesses being able to writ…
  secshulkin thanks the nelsons of leander  tx for joining  housevetaffairs as we testify in support of the veteran…
  senatedems do not put party politics ahead of 9 million children in need of healthcare and the brave members of o…
rt  westerncaucus  great pic of several of our members with secretary of agriculture  secretarysonny sonny perdue after today s western cau…
will be holding a town hall meeting in foresthill on monday  june 16th at 6pm at the foresthill veterans hall
this schumershutdown is unacceptable  i will continue fighting to get the government funded - our military and our…
  potus  realdonaldtrump s tax cut plan means a stronger economy and bigger paychecks for working hoosiers  we re a…
next year  americans will see their standard deduction increase to  12 000 for individuals and  24 000 for married…
toured the lincoln room and the rest of the capitol last night with the  illinois_alma students who are a part of t…
  housecommerce recently explored ways consumers can protect themselves from robocall scams  which often offer some…
when our soldiers came home from vietnam  they were not given the respect and honor they deserved  march 29th is…
with each new nucleartest kim jong un is committing his nation to a path that leads in a dangerous and terrible direction 
today i met with chautauqua county officials on infrastructure and water quality  i look forward to continuing our…
tragically  ohio ranks fifth in the nation for human trafficking cases  i supported  hr1865  because it would final…
rt  rosscavitt  weather update  cobb county is now in the  enhanced  sector for possible severe weather today  window is between 3 pm and…
nice to chat with joe johnson from the north dakota fraternal order of police about important issues facing north d…
rt  hascrepublicans  hasc tactical air & land forces release mark for  fy19ndaa   ndaa  - ensure that our military services are provided nece…
great meeting with four directors from our national labs  we talked about the exciting basic research going on in d…
house approved right-to-try legislation in late march  i supported bill  differences with senate-passed bill you re…
conferees for taxreform have been appointed by  speakerryan in the house  including budget chairman  repdianeblack 
today  dc got 4 inches of snow  that dusting is a big deal to dc and it shut the whole city down  despite that  our…
we had a great time celebrating small business week in  cityofasheboro  i am thankful for each of the men and women…
the house recently passed the  protecting young victims from sexual abuse and safe sport authorization act   a prod…
this morning i spoke with  wtam1100 and  billwillswtam about the two opioid bills i submitted last week  listen to…
congressman griffith s weekly e-newsletter 3 19 18 topic  saying goodbye to the old tax code
happy national ag day  thank you to our hardworking farmers & ag producers in northeast wisconsin who work hard each…
rt  sierra_nf  thursday august 31  2017 public meeting for the railroad fire at 7 00 pm at the oakhurst community center 
agree w/  potus  decision to hold iran accountable for their actions  look fwd to congress working on details in coming weeks  bad iran deal
fbi takes  salacious and unverified  dossier to secret court to get secret warrant to spy on a fellow american  f…
glad to see that project safe neighborhoods companion legislation was introduced in the u s  senate today in a bipa…
fact check  over 2/3 of work-capable adults on  snap  report zero household earnings  the best path out of poverty i…
chairman  repkevinbrady   we re just in the fourth month of this new tax code … we re the first batter of the first…
rt  outfrontcnn    repchrisstewart  kushner  a great witness  he came across as very honest  very sincere 
the nuclear deal gave iran  the leading state-sponsor of terrorism  billions of dollars and it used that money to t…
rt  cal_fire  detwiler fire [update] northeast of merced  mariposa county  is now 75 200 acres and 30% contained 
rep  posey s statement observing constitution day  tcot 
new va healthcare facility in pocatello will provide hundreds of additional veterans with state-of-the-art care 
happening now   hascrepublicans seapower and projection forces subcommittee hearing  department of the navy fy 2019…
i m coming up next on  foxnews to discuss how  fosta  will be transformative in the fight to end online sex traffick…
it was a pleasure yesterday to meet shakira cross  missouri s  poetryoutloud winner  shakira is from columbia and a…
stunning words by  deptofdefense secretary mattis  testifying that  no enemy in the field  has hurt our military s…
need assistance with your taxes  our  va05  team  along with representatives from  irsnews and  yourvoiceatirs are…
chairman  repgoodlatte   this bill is beneficial  because citizens have the right to know what types of defendants…
the jake laird act as been used 600  times in indy since 2005 & should be used as a model for states nationwide  it…
rt  rahulbali  facebook s new data center will be built at the stanton springs commercial development  which is along i-20  east of atlanta…
  centralhudson has an outage map where it will update the public on lapses in service & the state of restoration …
today we re taking a hard look at social security s efforts to fight fraud in its disability programs  7/12
happy 275th birthday to v a05 s own thomas jefferson — a champion of individual rights  religious liberty and educa…
happy m l k day to all americans  may we never tire from working toward the realization of dr  king s noble dream of…
rt  winkeldoc  great meeting of kidney advocates with office of  congculberson this morning  thank you for being so supportive of kidney x…
 the eyes of the world are upon you  the hopes and prayers of liberty-loving people everywhere march with you   -ge…
rt  realdonaldtrump  my thoughts  prayers and condolences are with the families  friends and colleagues of the two  gcsoflorida deputies  h…
rt  boxleitnersnn     vernbuchanan legislation to fight algal blooms  including red tide  is included in appropriations bill signed into la…
today i met with some members of the alabama association of nurse anesthetists to discuss a variety of issues impac…
ay   patricia_andrad  que buena noticias de la graduación de david de mi colegio   mdcollege  la comunidad de…
enjoyed getting to present  ucmwbb jennies basketball team with certificate for winning the 2018 ncaa division wome…
had fun reading  frog and toad  to fourth and fifth grade students at  coessee in columbia city today  thank you to…
today we remember the life and legacy of dr  martin luther king  jr 
i ll be on  foxnews  anhqdc in 15 minutes to discuss this week s  housecommerce hearing on facebook  tune in 
thanks 2 jeff holiway  left  and steve kopp  right  for presenting me with the 2018 international foodservice distr…
deputy director mccabe is an important fact witness  he was asked fair questions and his answers were as thorough a…
this week i had a singular mission  put taxpayers first  watch now --&gt 
sub health is now considering h r  5228  stop counterfeit drugs by regulating and enhancing enforcement now act fi…
rt  ft_rucker  nearly 80 volunteers were recognized during the fort rucker volunteer of the year ceremony at the landing s ballroom april 1…
rt  cadillac  watch live as the first-ever 2019 cadillac xt4 is revealed at cadillac house   xt4  cadillac
expert testifies in support of sensenbrenner legislation to combat opioid epidemic 
like every american  i am deeply saddened by the tragedy in parkland  we need to focus on securing our schools to k…
congress  the nation  and i will miss my friend and mentor  speakerryan utpol
always great to talk to  albemarlefire chief dan eggleston and  iafc about our work on  househomeland to improve c…
she said they need to get records outside of the va as more veterans get care at other locations 
rt  washtimes  lawmakers call on trump to cut off planned parenthood s title x funding abortion life
thank you to all the volunteers from  honda   boozallen  &  usairforce institute of technology who helped make this…
i thought yesterday s vote would be a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to help florida s middle class and make americ…
we sure are blessed in the carter family with some incredible mothers  happy mother s day to all the wonderful moms 
it s time to deprive the iranian regime of resources used to repress their own people and terrorize its neighbors …
the stewart security summit is live 
join me in celebrating school choice week  because every child deserves a chance at the american dream 
rt  ifda  congress needs to act on a plan to keep the foodservice distribution industry trucking — safely  reptrey  rep_hunter
rt  housecommerce  live now  sub energy hears directly from  secretaryperry during hearing on  the fiscal year 2019 department of energy bu…
proud to join my colleagues in passing a bipartisan resolution condemning the iranian regime and supporting the rig…
rt  elizabethcrisp    repgarretgraves staying on house floor for disaster legislation debate 
barbara bush embodied the very best of the american spirit  she leaves behind a loving family - public servants who…
proud to speak on the floor in favor of chip bill to ensure healthcare for 9 million kids 
irina vilariño  owner of las vegas cuban cuisine  says that in the short time since the passage of…
i signed a discharge petition to force debate on the house floor to fix our badly broken immigration system  we nee…
i started the day at the al law enforcement agency s human trafficking training event  the men & women participatin…
  potus is putting the interests and security of the american people first  we are winning the war against isis  th…
rt  gopoversight    jim_jordan  there is yet another report – issued in february – highlighting irs continues to give bonuses to bad employ…
h r  5174  energy emergency leadership act  has passed the full cmte by voice vote
more proof that nys construction insurance market is being destroyed by the scaffold law & the absolute liability s…
milton friedman noted the importance of judging policies not by their intentions but by their results  and one of t…
today congress passed a short term solution to extend chip  ensuring that families who rely on this vital program c…
i am pleased the energy and commerce committee reported this legislation in a bipartisan manner and that my colleag…
just passed our budget to strengthen defense & unlock tax reform while balancing our budget over by 2027  info …
praying for these marines and their families  god bless 
rt  repyvetteclarke    repkinzinger & i with our colleagues  replahood &  repdannydavis  introduced h r  5590  the opioid addiction action…
icymi  the great lakes restoration initiative is receiving important  epa funding to protect our natural ecosystems…
today at 3 pm the committee will meet on the following measures  - s  140 - a bill to amend the white mountain ap…
discussing tax cuts for america with  cbs46 at  americafirstpol
helping folks in holmes beach and bradenton beach get ready for irma  pls make sure you re prepared  sayfie
sub d c c p examines cfius review process reform during hearing today &gt &gt 
view from the chair as  housecommerce examines the federal response to the nationwide opioid crisis  tune in here …
great to visit with students  parents  and teachers from columbia central jr  high school during their trip to dc 
rt  housegop  this week on the floor → vital bills from the  financialcmte that help us continue to roll back the harmful dodd-frank regula…
rt  housejudiciary  coming up live at 10am  oversight of the  thejusticedept with attorney general jeff sessions   doj  watch 
rt  housecommerce  chairman  repgregwalden  sub health chairman  michaelcburgess and sub oversight chairman  greggharper on ruling to prote…
praying for our friends in san antonio 
refreshed a treasured friendship today with jan mickelson  who radio our iowa version of rush limbaugh 
had a great time visiting  tecumsehsouth today to celebrate march is reading month 
rt  the_uso  a very happy birthday to richard overton  the nation s oldest living  wwii  veteran turns 112 today 
anytime i visit rowan college at burlington county  rcbc   i am inspired by the students and staff  i am proud to s…
rt  myprepacademy  mi-01 juniors  learn about  congressmandan nomination process  srs  apps due 10/16  military academy start early
🚨breaking🚨 port royal  va  april 26  1865 —suspected lincoln assassin john wilkes booth refuses to surrender at gar…
pleased to meet w/ captains michael mcgee & michael phillips to present them each a flag & certificate in honor of…
congratulations  president trump  inauguration2017
congrats  kevinharvick monster mile  rodneychilders4 &  stewarthaasrcng are on 🔥  nascar  n a s c a ron f s1
rt  hascrepublicans  we are off  fy18ndaa 
  housegop taxreform enables the american people to 
   housecommerce is deeply concerned about allegations of potentially widespread abuse by third parties of facebook…
synthetic drugs are extremely potent & dangerous  the s t o pact will keep them from entering the us through the post…
rt  housegop  the flags of the  uscapitol are lowered to half-staff to honor the courageous men & women of america s law enforcement who ga…
rt  nextrevfnc    reppittenger  we are very concerned about foreign investments in the united states - particularly in the case of china  h…
rt  riponadvance  bipartisan bill by  mikekellypa would make hsas better for employers and employees
the tax cuts and jobs act will help families keep more of their paychecks   al03 
our tough sanction policies are working and as the author of the otto warmbier north korea sanctions act  i am prou…
rt  abc22fox45    repmiketurner on the g o p tax plan  watch more of his interview with us tonight on  abc22fox45
last night  potus signed into law our bipartisan bill to strengthen severe weather forecasting and protect lives
for many of our rural  local hospitals  paying these outstanding accounts is extremely important not only so our ve…
griffith statement on anthem reentering virginia s individual health insurance market
packed room at har-ber high school for academy day  what a great group of young men and women who are interested in…
in castile with troop 4054 to recognize bryan for earning the rank of eagle  happy to join his family and friends t…
i discussed my new waste watch report with  _davemorris at  newsok recently  govwaste
 pscifiloverb  mrslindaruiz  indivisible_oc can t tell if u r from oc if u r note left politicos always make same claims but lose election
looking forward to hearing from  secretaryperry regarding the department of energy s budget request for fy 2019 
yesterday  i had the opportunity to meet with  ntcaconnect to discuss our ongoing efforts to assist rural america g…
this week  the house took a major step to rein in websites that fail to take common sense safeguards to combat thei…
59 years ago today  president eisenhower signed the act which welcomed alaska as the 49th state to join the union …
how aca affects women in maricopa county  check out your county/state at
rt  vp  honored to join  potus  the law enforcement community  & families of our fallen for the annual peace officers memorial day service to…
from the small businesses i met with yesterday in richmond  to large employers like jp morgan - american businesses…
joining  ingrahamangle on  foxnews to talk about why  realdonaldtrump deserves the nobel peace prize  tune in 
utah-based synchrony is a company that s providing different credit options for consumers across the country  tha…
glad to see the senate pass legislation i cosponsored to go after websites that knowingly facilitate sex traffickin…
baseball is one of america s most beloved pastimes—and one of my favorites  joining the congressional baseball team…
great questions on national security  diplomacy  and trade from nebraska high school students in this afternoon s…
  senatordole is an exemplary public servant  we honored his commitment and service today  congratulations on your…
how is tax reform helping families in  ga03  take home more of their paycheck  text  tax reform  to 50589 to find out
it s an honor to be traveling with the president and members of the tn delegation to our great state  thank you…
rt  waysandmeansgop  the tax cutsand jobs act is helping americans across industries – including our farmers and ranchers who work tirelessly…
rt  amvetshq  thank you rep   toddrokita for your letter voicing concern for our fundamental liberty of free speech  we appreciated support…
whether in-person at events like friday s coffee  during visits to local businesses  or via telephone town halls  l…
  boeing  the largest employer in our state  with many workers who live right here  is celebrating the passage of t…
check out my statement on president s jerusalem announcement here 
today  i had the pleasure of visiting the polk-dalton clinic at the  universityofky to learn how the pathways/beyon…
leviticus 17 8-9  say to them  any israelite or any foreigner residing among them who offers a burnt offering or sa…
enjoyed sitting down with women business owners in  mi08  during womens history month  we discussed options for suppo…
thanks to  seemacms for taking time to meet with healthcare leaders in my community to understand the challenges we…
rt  ronniefloyd   one-on-one with ronnie floyd on the national day of prayer  may 3  recent article by  edstetzer  click here to read
next tuesday  the subcommittee on aviation will hold a hearing on the state of aviation safety in the united state…
hasc fans  the  fy19ndaa   ndaa  will be h r  5515 - have a great weekend 
again  even after these rescissions  there will still be more money left in the contingency fund than has been used…
rt  repkevinbrady  starting next year  you will be able to file under the new tax law  which means more money in your pocket – all without…
as part of my effort to combat the opioid epidemic  i introduced legislation with  usrepricknolan that updates cont…
washington has a spending problem  which is why i will vote  yes  on the balanced budget amendment  we have a moral…
➡️ this week  the house will vote on my bill  the grow act🌱 to ensure the central valley has access to a clean  rel…
rt  housegop  rt if you think our broken tax code is a drag on our economy and jobs 
i am about to give a washington update on  wtaw1620  tune in or listen online
tune into  tcnt  this morning at 6 40am ct/7 40am et - will be giving my thoughts on the newly released farm bill  l…
dmn  trump and congress have best chance in 30 years to reform the tax code
i m live in little elm at the 10th annual emergency preparedness summit  watch as we learn how to prepare n t x for s…
rt  dcexaminer   how to move forward with effective conservatism in 2018  by  repmarkwalker
our bill extends the brownfields tax credit to help cities like dayton continue to grow   read  more about our bill…
we had a great take your child to work day  thanks to  tuesdayschldrn for setting me up with seth again  i spent the da…
rt  ft_rucker  update  fort rucker is now open and normal operations will commence monday morning  we thank the public for their continued…
if ppl think they re covered  but aren t acc  to social security  they may not qualify for social security benefits they ve been counting on
why fed gov shutdown  dems insist on pro-illegal alien policy  shumershutdown
visited with mayor bujan today to check on port aransas  recovery  great to hear about their successes …
  conawaytx11 at  aei   longterm dependence on the federal government is not a part of the american dream   2018 farm bill s n a pmatters
millennials are often stereotyped as self-absorbed or lazy   those stereotypes are largely unfounded  terrimcclements  pwc_llp g o p future
tonight at 7pm central will talk to  grahamledger on  oann about many of current events this week such as…
now  we have the great opportunity to hire a wounded warrior fellow to expand our services to vets in our community…
rt  housegop  smallbiz owners across the country are feeling the savings from the tax cutsand jobs act  and hundreds of companies have used…
happy new year  wishing you a happy and blessed 2018 
rt  keithrothfus  thank you  financialcmte &  jahimes for your support to pass my bill  h r  1426  to help community banks continue to serv…
 mn02  employees will see lower federal tax withholding amounts on their pay stubs and higher net pay amounts this f…
rt  foxnewsinsider   he d be earning the nobel peace prize    repleezeldin praises  realdonaldtrump for noko progress
watch our hearing live  end human trafficking
i met with representatives from  citizensclimate  local sustainable energy business owners  and  bardcollege offici…
rt  springfieldnl  one cast snags a 7 59-pound bass — and  101 500 — for lake of the ozarks angler
rt  fox34  do you know a student who wants to attend a u s  service academy  meetings to learn more are scheduled in lubbock and abilene  h…
 the bill provides a clear and timely appeals process when a patient has been subjected to step therapy   support f…
great conversation with us army corps of engineers today on protecting our great lakes for future generations of mi…
our nation s service men and women should not have to pay for delays or errors made by the va  i am thankful for ch…
95% of rare diseases have no fda approved treatment--funding rare disease research at  nih will save money   lives  rare disease day
rt  transport  on this day in 1913  henry ford launched the moving assembly line reducing the model t s production time by 9 5 hours  trans…
i m incredibly proud to represent such bright young people  check out their video here 
rt  politicoeurope  ben hodges  recently retired commanding general of the us army in europe  talks about the threat of russia on this week…
enjoyed celebrating byram day with the many residents at niel hylling park 
 oco has become a wasteful slush fund   but last time i checked  don t we have the power of the purse   - jones
rt  fmcorg  great meeting between  replamalfa and farmer armen carlon  who established one of california s first organic blueberry farms in…
we had  secretaryzinke and  mickmulvaneyomb join us for  nativefed s great alaska day in dc today  with a united co…
i joined  rictyler & george hale this morning in the  wvom  studio to talk about securing our borders  reforming our…
rt  houseforeign  chairman  repedroyce to introduce security assistance bill
i chose to volunteer alongside the idf because our countries share the common ideals of freedom  democracy and mutu…
thank you to parker hannifin in avon for the tour & chance to participate in an employee townhall last week  parker…
because of the tax cutsand jobs act  we are hearing stories almost every day of  👍more benefits 👍more bonuses 👍more m…
my statement on the  ustreasury recently negotiated covered agreement deal 
rt  fairfield_mt  vietnam heroes straddled two worlds with honor vietnam war  repryanzinke new jersey
there are 102 1 million americans of working age who are simply not in the workforce  some are too senior  some are…
with  13 billion in exports from washington to canada and mexico  our agreement with our neighbors is essential  n a f t a works
 militaryofficer we talked about the importance of getting our troops & military the support they deserve & how cri…
new data on fl overdose deaths extremely troubling  shocking 35% jump in opioid deaths statewide  sayfie
america stands with israel  proud to have leaders like  realdonaldtrump   vp mike pence  and ambassador  nikkihaley…
  meijer hiring 300 people for its new store in west michigan  jobs hudsonville jamestown
rt  trish_regan  tune into trish intel now for more on today s stock market selloff  npetallides  edwardlawrence  repseanduffy  davidnel…
rt  vp  first responders are on the scene of the crash of the us c-130 from the pr national guard & we ll monitor developments  we express…
spending our mothers day afternoon at the ball field with my favorite pitcher and catcher 
on the heels of last night s  sotu   chairman  repmccaul will deliver the state of national security address on mond…
it s a big day for the little shell  the  natresources com will vote for the first time ever to recognize the tribe 
coming up at 10 a m  → nyc field hearing to examine terrorism threat to high-risk urban areas and the importance of…
  mrsb1stgraders thanks for your question  ask buddy
great to visit with these students  parents and faculty from opelousas catholic school who are in washington for th…
rt  mspmetrodet  this photo does show the work troopers and local officers do to serve the public  but also in that photo is a man struggli…
working forests are our nation s number one renewable resource  healthy & resilient forests promote clean air  wat…
rt  housecommerce  e&c takes  vicenews behind-the-scenes of the zuckerberg hearing &gt &gt 
the iowa association of nurse anesthetists stopped by to talk about health care in  ia01 
arkansas farmers contribute over  16 billion to the state s economy each year  to all of the nearly 50 000 farmers…
this is just another example of why people are frustrated with washington  it s time to set politics aside and move…
  marjoriesba on including alexander-murray/csrs in end of the year spending bills   the pro-life republican congre…
i am excited to showcase a few of the beautiful spots in orange county on the  in09  congressional district website 
rt  repchriscollins   cgyaffe  thebuffalonews  desrocherscd  canadany  pablovaldesjuan  dcgknasim  canadabuf  lindasoltis  dandc  bflobizfi…
big announcement from  minationalguard today about its plans to build a super armory in dundee 
rt  houseappropsgop  chairman  usreprodney is now presenting the hurricane harvey emergency aid bill on the house floor  watch live --&gt  htt…
happy 380th birthday to the  nationalguard - i m proud to have one of my staffers deployed to the middle east with…
last week i discussed faa privatization with the  dailycaller s tim young on  no things considered  no privatized a t c
happening now  cdm  government perspectives on security and modernization  watch live📺⬇️
i always look forward to attending the  fvsuag ham & eggs legislative breakfast  a time to celebrate the strength a…
thanks to  betsydevosed and the trump administration for supporting our mission to ensure every child has access to…
more good news thanks to the tax cutsand jobs act ↓  businesses have added an average of 208 000 jobs a month over t…
 the u s  economy added 164 000 jobs in april  and the unemployment rate fell to 3 9 percent — the lowest point sin…
today  in washington  d c    ummcnews was officially designated a hrsa telehealth center of…
talking to  sandyriostweet this morning at 7 20am central  we will discuss my article on mueller  listen in to the…
rt  vloracitaku  powerful display of bi-partisan support for kosovo as we celebrated our 10th birthday today at  house_democracy together…
rt  housecommerce  sub health will be hosting a roundtable at 10 30 a m  featuring firsthand accounts of the heartbreaking toll the opioid…
this week in regulation via  aaf  only  32 3 billion in costs
i was proud to cosponsor a critical piece of legislation that will reduce the use of opioids in hospital emergency…
statement on the nomination of scott garrett as president of the export-import bank
 a foreign policy realist might note that the deposal of iraq s regime and the ascendance of shiite power in baghda…
 2/2  the new f-35b aircraft maintenance hangar and flightline utility modernization at cherry point  this is a goo…
 1/2  it is with great sadness that i learned of the passing of lee ermey  also known as  the gunny   the gunny and…
thanks to the tax cutsand jobs act   3 billion in bonuses have been given to employees all over the nation 
continued prayers for rep  scalise  a big sports fan who joined us back in jan  to watch nc game between ua/clemson 
my new year s resolution s   ok -  by popular request  i will lose weight & block trolls  in moderation   10lbs by…
aca has had a devastating effect on az s exchanges  leaving 100s w/ no choice between plans and in some cases no af…
rt  ntu   tax reform was a monumental stride forward in bringing our tax code into the 21st century  making the relief it granted to famili…
truly unfortunate that the democrats are distorting attorney general sessions  testimony  he is totally honorable 
happy birthday to my good friend   secretarysonny  looking forward to another great year working together 
rt  heritageoth  60   conservative leaders including  lamarsmithtx21 published a joint statement tuesday calling out big tech companies f…
  mikekellypa at w&m hearing w  secretaryacosta   back in our district… i heard a common refrain  the tax cuts and…
watch live  i ll be speaking on the house floor in support of hr 3144 to save our dams 
congress must act  my iran policy priorities  defend iranian people  fix deficiencies in nuke deal  punish human ri…
rt  houseagnews  icymi   reparrington via  lubbockonline  our reforms to the  snap  prgm aren t just about being good stewards of taxpayer d…
this morning i met with many local community leaders at the  tinkerscreek_wp mayor s breakfast  we talked about our…
rt  homedepotgr  sub d c c p chairman  boblatta tours our van buren distribution center to experience the investment  technology and people at…
today we pause to honor the service and sacrifice of every man and women who has worn the uniform of our great nati…

i recently had the pleasure of meeting with the  arkcattlemen s association during their visit to washington  they…
rt  interior  50 years ago today  dr  martin luther king  jr  was killed  his legacy continues to inspire all who believe in freedom & equa…
i guess you missed that fbi director wray & senior fbi counterterrorism staff reviewed gop memo sun/mon & were aske…
happy to stand w/those who create the jobs that make alabamians prosper   grow  humbled to work on their behalf   t…
rt  stevescalise  we have a strong economy because we cut taxes and rolled back regulations  now we re focused on getting folks back to wor…
the american people deserve to read the fisa related memo outlining their investigation discoveries about the actio…
enjoyed the fellowship today with easley area pastors for lunch  it s great to be in  sc03 
it is time for senate dems to stop playing political games with our national security & support the nomination of g…
our nation s teachers do far more than just educate our children  from the time our students set foot in a classroo…
rt  housescience  today at 9 a m  ⤵️
rt  clyburn  the bill would also create an affiliated national network of sites from the reconstruction period  thanks to  conservationlf a…
american-made energy exports are booming  this is great news for the economy and for our national security …
as i reflect this sunday on the passing of first lady barbara bush  i am drawn to a passage her granddaughter eliza…
day in and day out  teachers all across the nation show extreme dedication to instilling knowledge  dreams  and pow…
chairman  repmarkwalker in  wsjopinion   historically earmarks have opened the gates to out-of-control spending as…
rt  stevescalise  hard to believe it s been almost a year since the attack on the congressional baseball game practice  as we honor police…
rt  houseappropsgop    tomcoleok04  this bill represents a balanced approach that will benefit every american & maintain appropriate stewar…
speaking on the  housefloor right now re  this week in congress  watch live on  cspan 
accomplishing good things for america 
this is winning on ethanol and pork  yesterday   realdonaldtrump advocated year round sales for e-15 ethanol  toda…
 it s no secret that russia is an adversary to the united states  and the sanctions imposed by the administration t…
🐕 eats 🐐 fly eagles fly nick folesfor president
great news  this grant will improve response times and overall emergency care for our rural communities in  ga12 
yesterday   theoklahoman published an op-ed on my new waste watch report 
join me on  morningsmaria on  foxbusiness in a few minutes  i m speaking with  dagenmcdowell about today s hearing…
north korea continues to be a threat to its neighbors and the us  and i support  potus decision to expand sanctions…
happy first day of winter  if you or someone you know is planning a visit to washington this winter - let us show y…
joint base refueled   the mission of ocean county s joint base appears that it will not only continue  but grow… 
today  we remember a day that lives in infamy  and all those who defended our nation and our freedom …
rt  gopsenfinance  the gao report was requested by chairman hatch   housecommerce chairman  repgregwalden and  repfredupton  learn more  ht…
the path forward regarding healthcare and tax reform this morning on  squawkcnbc 
this valentine s day  when you buy your sweetheart that classic box of american chocolates or any other kind of swe…
new  meet house budget committee chairman  rep_stevewomack in our very first episode of h b c member spotlight …
thankful that the three american prisoners who were unjustly held captive by the north korean regime have been rele…
another interesting piece on reverend billy graham & the role he played in american life & christianity  highly re…
shutdown schumer
rt  housegop    potus  my duty  and the sacred duty of every elected official in this chamber  is to defend americans -- to protect their s…
i proudly voted to provide local law enforcement & schools w/the tools they need to detect & prevent tragedies on t…
congratulations  geneva_panthers  looking forward to today s announcement - good luck 
i want to wish a happy mother s day to my beautiful wife of 35 years and to all the other loving mothers – you are…
  larry_kudlow is a great pick 
praying for the safety of residents near hamilton & the firefighters battling the blaze  how many more fires before the senate takes action 
rt  toyotapolicy  today s toyota twitter tour  georgetown  kentucky  our largest plant in the world  over 8 000  toyota team members build v…
today  in honor of military appreciation month  i introduced the  permanently amending tax cuts for our heroes act  or the patch act 
coming up  i ll be on  squawkcnbc talking about tax day and how our new tax code is already helping hardworking ame…
happy st  patrick s day   ☘️
happy birthday to thomas jefferson  throughout his life  jefferson built several library collections & sought to sh…
at today s hike for the homeless  we witnessed firsthand the incredible and genuine spirit and goodwill of maine  h…
from staff  happy birthday  boss  thank you for showing us the qualities of a leader  & for your constant encourage…
rt  mactionproject   as future caucus leaders  we re heartened to see this movement of young americans standing up to say  enough    see  r…
rt  tulsipress   icymi   reps  tulsi gabbard   repbrianmast introduce bipartisan bill to evaluate us military burn pits exposure
news from  whitehouse  agreement with qatar to level the playing field for american workers and businesses  this is…
happening now   potus is speaking about his initiative to stop opioid abuse and reduce supply and demand  to follow…
thank you   realdonaldtrump  congrats to israel 
rt  hwelectric  our good friend  boblatta was the keynote speaker at our acre event today  he also took some time for an office tour with p…
my bill will stop outsourcers and encourage companies to hire more american workers  take a look at more on my h-1…
yesterday  i was proud to vote for this resolution  no one should have to suffer harassment in the workplace  and i…
proud to be a member of the congressional task force on alzheimer s and to support research at the nih to prevent …
looking forward to hearing from french president  emmanuelmacron on how our two great nations can continue to work…
dr  king continues to inspire us to love one another and to keep the dream of freedom and equality for all – regard…
thank you to  usacehq for completing the dredging of knapps narrows  the people and small businesses in  md01  who r…
save the date for my upcoming senior and veteran care fairs in march   ia01 
rt  hascrepublicans  hasc fans - today s 3 hearings will proceed as scheduled  watch live on our website
i am deeply saddened to hear about the passing of barbara bush  she was an amazing woman  a devoted mother and wif…
i recently spoke with  poppyharlowcnn on  cnn about the russia investigation and other topics 
merry christmas and happy new year  during this holiday season  i hope you get to spend time with loved ones and ce…
clean and green 
rt  repstefanik  attending  repmcsally s hearing on women in the workforce & what companies are doing to support female employees
icymi  i joined  leecruse on  hey_kentucky to discuss the benefits of the tax cutsand jobs act and the actions congre…
it was a pleasure seeing constituents from  jdrf  a global organization that advocates for funding type 1 diabetes…
rt  housebudgetgop  yesterday   uscbo released its annual budget and economic outlook  often called the  baseline   learn more about how th…
rt  repmcsally  join me as i chair a  househomeland border security subcommittee hearing to question the new  cbp commission on everything…
as another winter storm comes through maine today  i am urging congress to avert a government shutdown that could l…
today  on yom hazikaron  america stands with our ally in remembering the 23 646 fallen israeli soldiers and victims…
enjoyed our productive conversation on trade and the farm bill  cattlemenmn - thanks for stopping by 
ensuring access to educational opportunities drives innovation across all industries  strengthens our economy & bol…
rt  cspan  exchange between  repmckinley and facebook ceo mark zuckerberg about illegal online pharmacies selling opioids on facebook   wh…
w/  roslehtinen  repcurbelo  repsires i wrote to  statedept requesting info about castro regime apologists allowed…
in a few moments i will be joining  halrowwhky for an update on what s happening in congress and its impact on…
over the last ten years  population and inflation have increased a combined 26 percent  revenues have more than kep…
or judge by the cover of a southern pride  dukes of hazzard  good ol  boy  
on holocaust remembrance week  let s stand firmly together against anti-semitism  as we recognize the dignity and v…
tourism at big bend alone brought in  37 9 million for our local economy in 2016 & supported more than 500  tx23  jo…
i m waiting in capitol rotunda to pay respects to rev  billy graham whose service to god saved more souls than any since jesus 
a major overhaul of our tax code is coming & i am proud of the progress we ve made to help middle-class americans k…
rt  davidwhitley  congressman jeff duncan proclaiming this week as national auctioneers week  thank you  sir 
this week on my weekly address we highlighted the importance of opportunity zones that were created as a part of…
i will be discussing n korea on  foxnews at 1 15pm today  be sure to tune in 
last night  i voted to keep the government open & extend child health insurance for 6 years for 772 kids in wasco c…
while i am sad to see president haas announce his retirement  i look forward to working with him for the remainder…
rt  stevescalise  i presented my two heroes – david bailey and crystal griner – with the duffy award for the highest standards of conduct …
subcommittee chairman  congculberson kicks off the subcommittee markup of the fy19 commerce  justice  science fundi…
happening now  house judiciary committee immigration hearing on sanctuary cities and the impact on the opioid epide…
rt  justin_wsfa    repmartharoby speaking to local and state law enforcement at northview high school as a part of the alabama fusion cente…
rt  cathymcmorris  today  on the 50th anniversary of dr  king s assassination  we are reminded that we are still on a journey for a more pe…
rt  housegop   3 billion  and counting  in bonuses have already been given to employees all over this nation  the tax cutsand jobs act contin…
you don t save money by spending more of it  yet that seems to be the notion behind the administration s budget pro…
texan bette nesmith graham noticed at work in the 1950s the difficulty of correcting errors on typewriters  and fou…
chairman  mactxpress - maybe the best thing is for maybe the president to delay his decision and put the french and…
  repbyrne delivered remarks at the start of today s osha hearing  watch ↓
this week i had the privilege of meeting with my youth advisory board  we discussed current events in trade  our tr…
today is national ag day 
flood recovery has been slow and there continues to be a long road ahead but the legislation we are pushing through…
rt  senmikelee  retweet if you agree that republicans in the senate should make democrats start voting on each of the appropriations bills…
this morning  i joined  foxnews  happeningnow with  jonscottfnc to discuss release the memo  sot u  and north korea …
rt  serveillinois  you may know illinois  volunteer of the week  anthony rizzo is a world series champion  but his life s work is fighting ca…
great meeting with louie and phillip today  they both work to provide electricity in…
rt  housesmallbiz   icymi   sbc vice chairman  repblainepress pens op-ed about cutting red tape for small businesses in the  newstribune htt…
rt  foxbusiness    repjoebarton explains why he has changed his vote from a no to a yes on the republican health care bill 
griffith statement on stop school violence act
as i have said before  americans deserve secure borders  i applaud  potus and  dhsgov s announcement to deploy the…
i m excited to see jim bridenstine confirmed to serve our country as nasa administrator  he ll provide strong leade…
rt  nfib  today is the first tax day in years that smallbiz have received some good news  compensation is up  sales are strong  & taxes r…
just announced  the committee will mark up community care legislation and a bill to expand benefits to blue water n…
before an agreement is reached on the daca  congress needs to increase border security  improve interior enforcemen…
en  elnuevoherald  gracias a la cámara de comercio hispana d so fla por el homenaje por mi labor a favor de los due…
rt  repbetoorourke  working with my republican colleague  repdlamborn  we passed a bill through the house that would let  flyelp compete fo…
alarming  ap report this week abt clinton s time   state dept  we need an investigation  now is time for answers 
i am glad to see continued community support for my bill  hr3668   cmorca  read more here--&gt   ca08 
it was great having  potus in west virginia this afternoon to discuss the tax cuts and jobs act  what a great leade…
  lamarsmithtx21 s read act supports critical research to further understand dyslexia  with the right support & enc…
read my op-ed that was in the oklahoman yesterday 
spoke on the house floor today in support of the strengthening protections for social security beneficiaries act  w…
thanks to the repeal of obamacare s individual mandate in the tax cutsand jobs act  this is the last tax day american…
congrats to these students 
rt  housecommerce    rephalrogers is speaking now on how opioid crisis affects  ky05  &gt 
because of the tax cuts and jobs act a middle-income family of four in our district will see a tax cut of  1 787  h…
rt  gigamon  congresswoman barbara comstock   repcomstock  emphasizes the importance of putting cyber hygiene and security front and cent…
my statement on  potus s speech today in st  charles 
tune in now to  wkct to catch my interview w/  wkctpd 
april is credit union youth month  the value of 💲& saving is something that can & should be defined for us at an ea…
make america safe again   oohrah  mattis  secdef 
icymi  i spoke from the house floor about the urgent crisis facing north country dairy farmers  and the work ahead…
this week s newsletter ↓
rt  winniewrighttv  first day in the books as anchor of thv11 saturday morning  a special thanks to my first guests   repwesterman and  rep…
check it out  in honor of find your park  all national parks are free tomorrow  april 21st  where will you go 
yesterday rep  sensenbrenner held his 100th townhall meeting  he has 4 more today  starting in newburg …
as part of my ongoing effort to combat the opioid crisis  i wanted to let you know about a way for you to help  th…
what happens if  senatedems shut down the government  256 446 children in  nc  on  chip  could lose their coverage …
whoa   ispaatgables ranked 7 high school in florida by  usnewseducation  a great institution that produces great minds 
rt  househomeland  coming up at 2 00 p m  → joint  househomeland &  gopoversight on  dhsgov s  cdm  program  watch live here 
gave this week s  westerncaucus address  watch & learn more about some of the unique challenges facing nevada 
really classless performance by  michelleisawolf at white house correspondents dinner  kudos to  maggienyt for prai…
yesterday i joined  governordeal and other local officials for the groundbreaking of the hull mcknight georgia cybe…
data that backs environmental regulations should be available to all stop secret science tcot
pres  trump s announcement that mustafa al-imam has been captured is welcome news 4 all who sought 2 answer qs re  what happened in benghazi
i applaud  realdonaldtrump s comments today on the iran deal  iran continually proves it can t be trusted  it s time we treat them that way
after the taxreform bill became law  companies across the nation are doing exactly what we expected – raising wage…
congratulations to karen billingsley  a senior at ephrata high school  on her winning entry   1965   in the  wa04  h…
 lawrence  potus  fox13 no 
rt  jlovetimesrec  air force secretary   188th leading the way  in unmanned flying operations air force  johnboozman  rep_stevewomack  188t…
americans have long demanded a safe and secure border  it s time to build the wall   sotu 
  dadstweeter  biggest problem facing our nation not crime/drugs/alcohol/gang violence  its fatherlessness  police week l e task force
now that  govholcomb has declared a disaster emergency – including in elkhart  fulton  marshall  st  joseph  and st…
senate democrats  led by chuck schumer  unnecessarily shut down the government friday because they put the interest…
rt  kusinews  volunteers and supplies needed at  delmarracing  if you can help call  858  755-1161
rt  thepineschool  congrats to seniors faiza  samar  ahmed   18  & alex wood   18  who were both awarded the congressional gold medal at a…
americans are seeing the tide of opportunity rise  the large tax cuts and rollback of washington first regulations…
this year s art competition entries are in &  nc08  students did not disappoint  we need your help picking the fan f…
rt  ewerickson  fbi failed  local law enforcement failed  security feed was on a 20 minute delay  resource officer failed  but let s blame…
this morning  interior chairman  kencalvert chairs the first of four american indian and alaska native public witne…
calling in to  pointofviewrts today at 2 45pm central to discuss the omnibus  listen in 
it s 9pm at  financialcmte  but i won t stop until we end big bank bailouts on the backs of hardworking michigan fa…
for  oh02  small businesses and farmers  tax reform offers a first-ever small business tax deduction of 20%  and all…
always good to hear what s happening at  sanfordlab  thanks for coming today 
joshua 24 15 if it is disagreeable in your sight to serve the lord choose for yourselves today whom you will serve …
rep brianbabin makes case  senschumer for no amnesty first  that plan & schumer failed the american people 3 times 
rt  dloesch  on next  rep  jim_jordan on schumer shutdown and release the memo  dana radio
trade is an important part of our relationship with s  korea as over  120 billion in goods & services go back & for…
rt  axios  more than 60 conservative leaders demand big tech end  censorship 
rt  cspanwj  icymi   rephalrogers  r-ky  discussed  potus upcoming address on the opioidepidemic
rt  micommaction  a big thank you to  repmoolenaar for your support of community action and awiseinvestment
this is the right move—it s a clear  firm response to deter future roguish behavior by russia against the united st…
your advocacy & passion inspires me to keep working hard to enact bipartisan solutions to help those patients with…
great meeting with fire chief john clark of  deltatownship to discuss public safety issues  thankful for our first…
look forward to being back home the lowcountry this weekend  i ll be hosting a number of events including neighborh…
my statement on  speakerryan announcement that he will not seek re-election 
updating utah abc on tax reform immigration and infrastructure  builders and contractors are the lifeblood of…
more bonuses & higher wages keep coming for u s  workers as a result of our historic tax cuts bill  this is on to…
this week  i took to the house floor to recognize  stma_ms_west andy merfeld for being named central mn s  principa…
  kylekempt &  cyclonefb congratulations to kyle & all cyclone fans celebrating 1 more year of eligibility  bowl bo…
on sunday morning  i attended the woodbourne fire department french toast breakfast  for decades  firefighters at t…
rt  houseagnews  claim  new proposal takes  snap  benefits away from children  elderly and disabled  fact  this proposal doesn t touch those…
great press enterprise editorial today…and i m not just saying that because i m quoted in it   sensible reform need…
today  the house votes on major legislation to help our vets mepolitics
hail tonight at the  cullmanema glad everyone is safe 
rt  kinzytg  special thanks to  repfredupton for so much of his time to talk about the need for basic research  how we can continue to buil…
last friday  i hosted a roundtable w human trafficking advocacy groups & survivors to discuss their efforts to comb…
thank you to behnke enterprises for having me out to tour their facility  a family-owned and operated international…
happy 100 years   natlparkservice  visit any national park for free between aug  25-28   nps100 
rt  realtalk995  right now on the  mattmurphyshow &  aunielindenberg show  it s  repmikerogersal  syria facebook border wall
rt  kasiedc  coming up sunday on  msnbc 7-9pm  jeffflake  senatorlankford  repmarkmeadows  repmikequigley  repsanfordsc
rt  in_gov  state assistance centers opening in northern indiana to assist flood-impacted hoosiers
the u s  finally followed through on a commitment made decades ago to stand with the jewish state of israel and mov…
the iran deal has always been a serious cause for concern  in fact  in 2015 i wrote an op-ed in opposition to the d…
thank you to georgia emc for coming to washington to share how we can help folks across  ga03  take advantage of our…
joining wrnn at 8 30  tune in or stream here 
rt  housevetaffairs  icymi  chairman  drphilroe examined  deptvetaffairs implementation of appeals reform  watch his full opening statement…
community health centers like cowlitz family  valley view  & sea mar provide high quality health care to folks in u…
icymi  my friend/colleague  congressmanraja and i penned an op-ed in the  pjstar  as products of peoria & now servi…
the evansville job fair is about to get underway  stop by to find your next position today 
 hi_its_kari  hfrankly water boarding was issue special forces troopers undergo it as part of training  it should be used on terrorists
very happy to see rural communities prioritized in  potus new infrastructure plans 
since  13  social security has only had an acting commissioner 
while federal offices are closed today in the dc area  my washington office remains open for business  here s a liv…
we continue to cut a bloated federal government  congress &  potus cut 16 existing regulations for every new one 
i appreciate dr  shulkin s work within va  and i thank him for his service to our veterans   i look forward to mee…
i m so encouraged by  potus  powerful  sotu  address tonight  i look forward to continuing to work with him to build…
rt  housescience  congratulations to hour of code &  codeorg for teaching computer science to over 500 million students worldwide in its fir…
today the house passed h r  4712  this common sense legislation makes it a crime to take the life of an infant who…
read my op-ed in  thehill about why we need a balanced  narrowly targeted solution that goes after bad actors while…
this is our last year ever filing under this ridiculous  complicated  punitive tax code  next year we ll all benefi…
rt  freedomcaucus  hfc opposes fisa amendments reauthorization act because it allows govt 2 collect/search americans  communications withou…
moments after  realdonaldtrump finished his announcement this afternoon withdrawing from the iran nuclear deal  i a…
read  repbillshuster s opening statement at today s infrastructure hearing 
there are more than 29 600 000 small businesses in the u s   houseappropsgop supports these job creators by cutting…
rt  foxnews    rephensarling   what chuck schumer s doing is saying   you know what  these illegal immigrants are more important than 2 mil…
tax reform continues to help more and more americans  learn how it helps you at
1  lower tax rates for americans across the board  in communities across our nation people are experiences benefit…
happy 241st birthday to the  usarmy  thank you to our heroes who fight each day to keep us safe and free army strong
us policy makers need to recognize that populism=nationalism=patriotism  italexit
way to go   loganelmschools  thank you for your commitment to serving those who have served and improving our  oh15… 
speaker ryan served our nation with dignity for the past 20 years  he took on the challenge of becoming speaker of…
from depicting flowers  to music  to people and more  i am constantly impressed by the talent of  in05  students 
good to hear from sd community bankers this week  talked about some financial services policy  but also bills that…
do you need to renew or apply for a passport  make sure you stop by  travelgov s passport day on saturday  april 21…
chairman  petesessions supported a measure to provide tax relief for hurricane victims  read his statement here 
read my statement on the house passed pain capable unborn child protection act  proud to vote to protect the unborn
amazing story in today s sarasota herald tribune about dogs trained to alert diabetics when to take insulin  the do…
due to the unpredictability of the government shutdown this past weekend  we have to reschedule this week s…
welcomed  wto director-general roberto azevêdo to the capitol last week  we had a productive discussion about how t…
rt  ervinro    reprokhanna  reppeteolson  boblatta taking tech and public policy like the selfdrive act at  bgov
house passes bill to rename marietta post office in honor of marine lance corporal skip wells  he was a true hero…
rt  yhn  alabama  repbyrne applauds  188 million in energy revenues to gulf states alpolitics
i offer my condolences to his wife tara  their family  and the many people who counted john as a friend 
this afternoon  i gave a speech on the house floor to observe the 40th anniversary of the willow island disaster  t…
with a new tax code  it s time to redesign the irs so that it s working for you  my colleagues and i are discussing…
join me in a few minutes on  foxnews   juliebanderas & i are discussing the schumer shutdown 
rt  normajtorres  today  houseforeign unanimously passed my &  repmoolenaar resolution to fight corruption in central america
great news for the niagara falls air reserve station and the men and women serving in the 914th airlift wing and th…
this week is small business week 
we need to increase access to treatment for those addicted to opioids   read  more about c r i bact and t r e a tact via…
rt  westerncaucus  today  113 different conservative leaders and members of the  westerncaucus voiced support for president  realdonaldtrum…
rt  speakerryan  →half of  deptofdefense s civilian workforce has to be furloughed  →training for reserves has to stop & guardsmen have to…
snap insufficiently promotes self-sufficiency  this farm bill invests  1 billion/year in education & training progr…
barbara bush was a beloved first lady  a loving wife  mother and grandmother and a patriotic american  her guidance…
rt  baycare  we were glad to join  repgusbilirakis and other community partners for his round table discussion on hurricane preparedness  h…
the rsc budget  ✅balances in 8 years ✅fully funds our military ✅makes tax reform permanent ✅repeals & replaces obam…
rt  repandybarr  did you know that by cutting the corporate tax rate  the tax cutsand jobs act could actually lower your electric bill  lear…
rt  jeff_borghoff  on behalf of those of us living with alzheimer s  thank you  repadams   reploubarletta   gkbutterfield  and  repsmucker…
watch  day 4 of our markup on h r  1 - tax cuts and jobs act  watch it here  tax reform tax cuts and jobs act
rt  houseagnews    conawaytx11  agriculture stands to benefit from  nafta  renegotiation house ag
rt  natresources    repdlamborn  both  usfwsfisheries and  noaa have direct jurisdiction over the endangered species act  and have struggle…
this is great news  by signing  fosta  into law  the administration has made it crystal clear that our country will…
rt  repkevinbrady  passed → the house just passed bipartisan legislation that will redesign the irs for first time in 20 years  this redesi…
rt  replahood  congratulations to  repbradwenstrup on becoming the newest member of  waysandmeansgop   excited to work together on boosting…
i hope you and your family and friends are enjoying a blessed easter sunday 
great to be recognized for the work i m doing on juvenile justice reform with my colleague rep  bobby scott  d-va …
wonderful to meet virgil and jan kardell  travelling to washington all the way from pilger  nebraska  nebraska
rt  sheriffcitrus  closed  the entire length of the withlacoochee state trail is closed until further notice due to irma damage 
rt  repbrochester  the future of agriculture is bright  today   rodneydavis and i visited  corteva to learn about how they are using state-…
 let us rise up tonight with a greater readiness  let us stand with a greater determination  and let us move on in…
due to road conditions  staff mobile office hours in anderson county scheduled for this morning will be postponed t…
this is not an issue of public relations--this is an issue of public health and safety   read  my letter to  epa cal…
happening now ➡️ i m live from washington with  varneyco on  foxbusiness to talk about the  texasguard &…
josh s class was incredibly engaged and we had a great conversation about government  school safety  and the new ta…
during my time in congress  i ve also maintained a commitment to improving circumstances for afghan women  in recen…
like every other sovereign nation  israel has the right to determine its own capital  the united states is finally…
it was a pleasure to meet with three representatives of the  nfxfoundation who traveled from tillson to advocate fo…
very sorry to see this news  i ve enjoyed working w/ chancellor belcher in recent years  my prayers are w/ david &…
icymi   mornings with mike  event dates for april  come visit us if in the dc area   al03… 
rt  aarpohio  more focus on ohio s 1 5 million family caregivers  thank you  repstevestivers for cosponsoring raise family caregivers act  n…
today  we remember all those who have died and whose lives where forever changed 
this morning at 10 am cst members of congress  the president  and the vice president will join billy graham s famil…
rt  realdonaldtrump  on behalf of an entire nation  congratulations to the u s  women s hockey team on winning the gold  go team u s a olympi…
enjoyed speaking to folks this morning at the bon secours st  francis health system s symposium on human traffickin…
congrats to  vperezy of clinton hs who s in dc this week for l c teach inst to bring  librarycongress to our classroo…
committee leaders  drphilroe  repmikecoffman  repjackbergman  repbradwenstrup support  potus executive order on men…
tune in → we cannot avoid action any longer  and this is an important issue that the american people want debated o…
rt  hascrepublicans  hasc seapower & projection forces releases mark for  fy19ndaa   ndaa  - ensures our sailors  marines & airmen have the t…
it s always awesome to meet with families from  tx32   it s always a pleasure to welcome north texans to washington…
rt  mainstreetgop  hizballah international financing prevention act is cosponsored by  repleezeldin   reppaulcook   repdold  &  usrepdavidj…
we re a little over 7 hrs into the  fy19ndaa  mark-up  still much more to go  you can watch live here …
i ll be live in studio with  wowopatmiller in just a few minutes  listen on  wowofortwayne 
  repmccaul s legislation would impose additional sanctions on the iranian regime for violating the human rights of…
thank you  smfschools for visiting me yesterday at the capitol  i appreciated answering your well-thought-out quest…
at  neuquavalley today we had a blast talking about the importance of financial literacy  the students participated…
soon  i m heading to the house floor to speak in support of the balanced budget amendment  it s time to end this bor…
i have more staff dedicated to veteran casework than any other issue area  glad to see we are working to strengthen…
thornberry statement on waters of the united states  wotus  rule
rt  joesalzone  sat down today with  repjohnkatko for a chat about water resources  infrastructure  rebuilding i-81  and the opioid epidemi…
rt  awrhawkins  great to finally speak w/  reprichhudson in person  a true  2a  warrior  he authored national reciprocity in the house   bre…
i applaud  potus for action against atrocities in syria  congress should advise him on going forward w/ an aumf 
nearly 45 000 maine veterans served in vietnam when our country called on them  today—and everyday—we honor and tha…
i joined my colleagues to urge secretary wilbur ross not to approve additional tariffs on newsprint that would affe…
rt  lopezonsports  barbara bush s secret service detail  several of whom have been been with her for decades  refuse to leave her side unt…
rt  chpa  chpa applauds the introduction of the over-the-counter monograph safety  innovation  and reform act of 2018 
live  i m hosting a press conference in the tri-cities on the forced spill increase at the columbia and snake river…
irs commissioner koskinen stonewalled congress  investigation and provided false testimony under oath  he should be impeached 
the  usafreserve was created on this date in 1948 by the order of president harry s  truman  on the air force reser…
rt  millsapscollege  tonight  congressman  greggharper speaks at millsaps college  free and open to the public 
great to meet ty & angie winstead & their kids audrey  tristan & liam today after their tour of  uscapitol  ty was…
rt  pennrosecompany  thank you  repmeehan  repsmucker  repbillshuster for your work to secure needed funding increases for affordable housi…
today and every day  i thank the men and women in western  pa  and across our country who risk their lives to police…
on holocaust remembrance day  we honor the survivors and the memory of the six million jewish men  women  and child…
rt  cityofhialeah  arrived on stage   marcorubio &  mariodb
as we mark the national dayof prayer  i ve had the opportunity to join north texans at both the 19th annual mayor s…
my statement on v a secretary  secshulkin firing 
we ve increased the standard deduction   12k for individuals &  24k for married couples - nearly double what it is…
president trump signs national defense authorization act of fiscal year 2018
rt  houseappropsgop  the house passed the make america secure and prosperous government funding bill 
happy birthday  bill of rights  the first 10 amendments to our constitution were ratified 226 years ago today 
sub health is now considering the discussion draft  fda and international mail  find all bills from today s…
my colleagues  repshimkus  peterroskam  repkinzinger  rodneydavis  repbost  rephultgren and i voted to keep the gov…
apply now  my office has launched our 3rd annual young women leadership program for high school girls in  mn06   for…
rt  govabbott  texas named  best state for business  for the 14th straight year 
icymi  oregon legislative revenue office finds 70% of oregon taxpayers will see a decrease in federal taxes under t…
great to be at  riceuniversity this morning to discuss sexual assault on campus  today  i join together with…
as a longtime advocate of mental health initiatives  appreciated update w/ new ceo of mental health assoc  of essex…
endless bureaucratic delays are killing our infrastructure   potus right to order a one-stop shop to cut red tape 
at this critical time  we need a va secretary who can build on the progress made for our veterans over the last 16…
way to go  altaira 
seniors to receive the largest social security bump in 6 years  long overdue  sayfie
honored to be presented with an award this morning for my support of community health center funding  these centers…
rt  secretservice  successful motorcade with president  realdonaldtrump to  sotu 
today we commemorate the 90th day since hs passed govt funding bill w/  realdonaldtrump priorities & 90 days of sen…
rt  housescience   the [commercial space] industry would also benefit from updating an often lengthy commercial remote sensing licensing pr…
president s new economy  more centralized control   sotu 
we cannot allow iran to obtain nuclear weapons  & we cannot allow its subterfuge to continue  there can be no gray…
proud to see  americanair joining the fight to protect victims of human trafficking and child sexual exploitation 
rt  wcmumike  my conversation w/  congressmandan rt  wcmunews  benishek discusses new congress  priorities for next 2 years
i just wrapped up my 17th coffee with your congresswoman event at the moriah volunteer fire department  about 60 co…
march is national reading month  reading is important to learning  no matter how old we are  we must never stop lear…
today is the first day of may  i ll spare you the may jokes and memes and instead  share with you some of my favori…
rt  gemcclure  so excited to have  repbyrne at  fis  baldwinproud  hopezeanah
rt  scottwongdc    freedomcaucus frustrated that  speakerryan giving lawmakers just 24 hrs to read 2 000-page omnibus before voting  here …
i m about to go down to the house floor to manage debate on the rules resolution for two important financial servic…
happy valentine s day  🌹
rt  usip  humanrights abroad are vital to stability and u s  security   rephultgren and  repmcgovern agreed at our first bipartisan congre…
according 2 nonpartisan  taxpolicycenter  the tax cuts & jobs act didn t change the progressive nature of our natio…
  senjohnmccain is a patriot and one of the toughest people i ve ever met in my life  we are all praying for you and your family  john 
rt  davidlobb1  thanks to  reptomrice and his gracious staff for making the time to listen to  militaryofficer s m o a a storms priority issue…
it s our sacred responsibility to care for our veterans  today  houseappropsgop passed the 2019  deptvetaffairs fu…
rt  greggharper  great story on our internship program for intellectually disabled students --  houseadmngop
we must make our voices heard in the fight for the future of agriculture & rural america  okfb2015
happy texas independence day  on this day in 1836 texas declared its independence from mexico  god bless texas
kathy and i send our love and prayers to the bush family  barbara bush was a leader  a grandmother  a mother  a wif…
principal kevin culter has been recognized as ecps principal of the year for his outstanding work motivating and   
former  nra instructor stephen willeford says he is  no hero  after wounding  pursuing texas church gunman  2a  -
the lack of debate on border security and daca here in washington has only created uncertainty  these are important…
  governordeal has declared a state of emergency for appling  bulloch  candler  coffee  effingham  evans  jeff davi…
  wchs_gleaner grad mac may helped bring home a national beach volleyball title this past weekend— way to represent…
with the help of acting  bcfpdirector mulvaney  we re reining in the most powerful & least accountable govt agency …
 snap  recipients look different in every state  which is why the 2018 farm bill gives states flexibility to tailor t…
what a joy to see  adl_national delegation from my home state of florida bringing the sunshine to  dc   it s been a…
here is my statement on the  potus state of the union address tonight  utpol
tomorrow  north texans are invited to attend my emergency preparedness summit at little elm hs from 8am - noon  we …
salute military working dogs on national k9 veterans day via  militarydotcom
  speakerryan has dutifully served our congress and the american people as speaker of the house  but for me he is…
in the past year alone 11 8 million americans have misused prescription opioids or heroin  click on the link below…
happy to have you in d c  for this remarkable piece of history  inauguration2017
the story of this incredible escape and his eyewitness account of the bataan death march was called  the greatest s…
thanks to tax cuts   suez announced that it plans to reduce customer utility bills by  14 million  lowering monthly…
today i visited fort gordon for the gate 6 groundbreaking ceremony  with the relocation of the u s  army cyber comm…
at hickey metal fabrication in salem  family-owned business  started in a garage  now a major local employer and ha…
this was an interesting piece of mail  defense secretary james mattis thanked you  nebraskans  for our sacrifice in…
enjoyed sharing a legislative update with the fredricktown rotary  got to talk about everything from the huge succe…
happy mother s day to my amazing mom  carol  i wouldn t be who i am without you  and happy mother s day to my incr…
pleased that  natresources advanced  hr2733   my bill to place over 70 000 acres of nv public land into local control
this is the largest single period of vacancy for the head of a department or major federal agency since the ssa became independent 
23 years later   ok  remembers the 168 innocent victims who lost their lives in okc  as we mourn the attack  we also…
rt  feedingpa   that s what the nutrition title is all about  helping our neighbors in need    congressmangt at today s farmbill roundtabl…
rt  wmaldc    repandyharrismd joins  larryoconnor now on  wmaldc to discuss the f i s a memo   daca  & more 
honored to meet with outgoing master chief petty officer of the  uscg  steve cantrell  we talked about the current…
it was an honor to name crystal black and gene blackmon as our sixth district community heroes of the month  each o…
as a cosponsor of the nuclear waste policy amendments act  i look forward to its passage by the house today  we mus…
historic day in israel  since 1995  it has been the law that the american embassy should be relocated to jerusalem …
rt  scactionnetwork  many thanks to  repandybarr for meeting with our advocates from kentucky today to learn how we can invest in kids toget…
thank you   aanawebupdates  for presenting me with the national leadership award  certified registered nurse anesth…
it s simple  we ve learned deeply concerning information on fisa abuses  the dossier  former high-level fbi officia…
just started a discussion on active cyber defense & my bill  acdc  at  kslaw cybersecurity & privacy summit
rt  drmikemaroney   repmckinley recognized in top 4% of bipatisan index for house of reps  in other words  unlike too many in congress  he…
productive lunch and discussion with local airmen about the importance of the  usairforce in  ar3   thank you for yo…
rt  ktvz   we have to act   rep  greg walden leads house hearing on opioid epidemic  says he plans to introduce legislative package to addr…
we all grieve the loss of detective michael doty and remember the three officers who remain hospitalized  bravery …
on floor to recognize the work of the school nutrition association of pennsylvania that has been advancing the a…
 paulsmathers  wjappe  worldviewreview
tonight at 7 00 p m  edt   joethomaswchv will moderate our sixth interactive  va05  town hall meeting of 2018  liste…
utility companies are passing on savings to customers in over 39 states — michigan is one of them  tax reform
  wsj   u s  weekly jobless claims hold below 300 000 for longest streak on record 
the adapt act requires prescribers to complete continuing medical education  cme  courses on the potential dangers…
together  we are building a safe  strong  and proud america   potus  sotu 
i added a video to a  youtube playlist recognizing the southern piping company
rt  transport  breaking news  the house has overwhelmingly approved  hr4  
we re pleased to announce a hearing on how comprehensive  permanent taxreform will grow our economy & create jobs…
thanks  marcashley1and  marketamerica for the tour and discussion on how we can help entrepreneurs succeed  the ben…
at the  americanlegion post 529 in holley to discuss the revamp act  legislation i ve introduced to provide funding…
  repjackbergman and i continue to make the case for building a new lock at the soo locks  today  we re in  mlive 
rural areas should have the same access to broadband and infrastructure that urban areas do  this farm bill strengt…
new medicare cards without social security numbers are now being mailed to help prevent identity theft & fraud than…
leave no taxpayer behind  just lower the rates 
last week  post-brexit  i pushed the us to begin the process of negotiating a bilateral trade agreement w/ the uk -
rt  cap_cog  ty  repmoolenaar  repmikebishop for your efforts to ensure  michiganstateu frib is fully funded 
undermining our healthcare system  coal industry and marriage is progress   sotu 
the us has a role to play in responding to manipulation by russia & in 2016  i intro d a bill that develops a comp…
in addition  getting me s hospitals their overdue payments from the federal gov will not only help our vets get acc…
it would open the door to a host of so-called chaplains who represent philosophical worldviews and not the distinct…
rt  houseagnews    conawaytx11 on getting  snap  policy right  it s about helping every citizen realize the american dream by modernizing a…
rt  westerncaucus  yesterday  we discussed important local issues with exceptional az leaders including   arizonaago s keith miller   pinal…
icymi  chairman  drphilroe  the selfless devotion that it takes to be a caregiver knows no age or era
yesterday i joined  repesty   rosadelauro   repjohnlarson   jahimes  &  reppeteking in introducing a bill to incent…
rt  myautism  today is world autism awareness day  don t forget to wear your blue   autismawareness autismacceptance autism myautism
east cobb robotics is not just about building robots  they develop young adults and strive to build a better and mo…
rt  leoshane  why reporters/lawmakers make a big deal out of  ndaa  each year  it actually passes  thornberry   for 57 straight years wit…
rt  yestongs    repgosar   ngs clearly has an immense impact on the surrounding tribal communities 
walgreens boosting hourly wages by  100 million a year - my sugar land walgreens happy   housegop tax cutsand jobs act
i am disappointed and opposed to dhs  decision to end tps for honduran nationals living in the u s  these individua…
last week  i led a bipartisan letter to  potus applauding the syria strike & urging a continued effort in the regi…
i was happy to join  leecruse on  hey_kentucky to discuss the tax cutsand jobs act  the opioid epidemic  and my work…
congrats 
i m honored to receive the national park foundation s park champion award and join them in advocating for our extra…
  housevetaffairs just dropped bipartisan community care bill cosponsored by every member of committee  details 
rt  foxbusiness    reprwilliams on border security   i would think  jerrybrowngov would want to do what s right rather than putting politic…
i m honored to receive this award from community health centers  they do tremendous work to care for thousands of r…
i have heard far too many stories of my constituents becoming victims of identity fraud  our bipartisan legislation…
last night  senate democrats made the choice to strip funding from the children s health insurance program and deny…
take a few minutes to sign up for email updates from your congressional office 
sub oversight announces hearing on may 23 regarding sexual abuse within the u s  olympic community &gt &gt 
collins applauds passage of legislation to fund the government for remainder of fy18 -
great helping  habitatls  lakecarespantry  feedhopenow  thecrossmtdora distribute boxes of food & water to those im…
here is my statement on speaker paul ryan s announcement that he will not seek re-election 
the tax cutsand jobs act means  dukeenergy can help  nc10  families save money  to learn more about their announcement…
participated in citizens against  govwaste press conference unveiling 2015 pig book report on pork-barrell spending
rt  vp  important visit to our southern border today  walls work  and the border wall is not only necessary to support the men & women on t…
as  jeannemfl explains  today s young americans are the  pro-life generation  
love seeing south dakota s future farmers and ranchers already active in the legislative process  thanks for stoppi…
this report reminds us that now more than ever  we need to set down our phones and computers  and have more meaning…
rt  housegop    potus  we are incredibly grateful for the heroic efforts of the capitol police officers  the alexandria police  and the doc…
  mrsb1stgraders thanks for your question  ask buddy
rt  ibahome  south bend home builders are bringing housing home today by meeting with their representative   repwalorski  thanks for listen…
judges 4 4 now deborah  a prophetess  the wife of lappidoth  was judging israel at the time 
i had the chance to meet with the kids from  pawlingcsd3 middle school  the group took a trip to washington to lear…
i enjoyed stopping by the hialeah gardens senior citizens center to visit with some of our neighbors  fl25
rt  housegop  rt to wish the  usarmyreserve a very happy birthday  u s a r birthday110
rt  davidwhisenant  big discussion on human trafficking with  reprichhudson  reptedbudd  local  state officials 
today the ways and means committee voted to reform our tax code for the first time in over 30 years  cutting taxes…
tbt to celebrating the tax cuts and jobs act at the white house  today  we re celebrating as nearly 300 companies…
and if ppl receive benefits w/o having paid the correct   of social security taxes  social security trust funds & taxpayers pay for it
rt  gopleader  by modernizing the regulations governing disaster relief and reforming the stafford act  recovery builders can focus on how…
join us at 12 45 for g o p workingfor women hearing on private sector solutions to help women get ahead   repmcsally…
my district offices in are lit up blue for national autism awareness month  autism speaks
joined  riskrewardfbn on  foxbusiness yesterday to talk about trump s travel ban at the supreme court  it s long pa…
today at 10 am   housejudiciary is will hold a hearing to examine social media filtering and policing practices  wi…
great to join scott laughlin again this morning to discuss the  sotu   click the link to hear our discussion 
rt  repmccaul  thank you  potus for the pen used to sign my blue campaign bill into law  this bill authorizes  dhsbluecampaign to protect v…
the tax cutsand jobs act has helped lead to the strongest labor market since the end of the dotcom boom and the lowes…
it was great to talk with you mayor  ron_nirenberg  thank you for your kind words at s ato d c18
perfect time to celebrate intellectual property with world i p day  house passage of the music modernization act  and…
i had a very productive meeting with  govabbott about harvey recovery efforts  now that the federal funding has be…
settlements may or may not be an admission of guilt  but any such deals by house members should be public  unseal the deals
rt  westerncaucus  members of congress giving remarks this morning include  repandybiggsaz    repgosar   replamalfa    reprobbishop and  re…
today i signed discharge petition w  repcurbelo  repjeffdenham  mariodb  repmialove  repdavidvaladao  hurdonthehill…
rt  watersadvocacy  under the 2015  wotus  rule  the permitting process could take 788 days  the  whitehouse infrastructure plan aims at cut…
happy mother s day – enjoy your day celebrating being a mom and/or honoring your mom and all the moms in your life …
rt  1stladyofwater  he reminded us that great ideas are born on the ground  in our localities  thanks honorable brian mast for your work to…
great quick read by perry  zinke  and pruitt on energy 
for small business week  i m highlighting some of the efforts i have made to support small businesses  i co-introdu…
tomorrow  april 28th  is national prescription drug take back day  find your nearest take back day drop-off locatio…
rt  monetttimes  photo  book swap opens doors for inquisitive students in purdy
happy national pi day  3 14 more reasons to welcome my high school algebra and trigonometry teacher  mrs  sachs  an…
i was honored to receive the american conservative union s award for conservative achievement earlier this week 
yesterday i met w/ clinton and franklin co  reps from the joint council for economic opportunity  head start  and t…
the assad regime s brutal chemical attacks against innocent people must not be tolerated  i support the administrat…
pleased to have members from the texas farm bureau and some bright young 8th graders join me tonight   tx01 
my wife and i are devastated by the loss of our friend  mark costello  our prayers are with cathy and the costello family 
rt  aahomecare  medicare beneficiaries & their caregivers who depend on  hme  in nebraska have  repadriansmith standing with them as a co-sp…
please remember the spouses and families who have experienced the tragic loss of one who loved our country deeply a…
angela deserves recognition and praise for bringing a potential threat to the attention of law enforcement  thank y…
it was great to meet with folks from  aug_university in my dc office today  thanks for stopping by 
ever wonder what a day on capitol hill looks like  here s a behind the scenes look 
just introduced bipartisan legislation on education reform and helping create american jobs  check it out here 
a long overdue celebration for frank buschmeier  a wwii veteran of milford  oh and a french legion of honor medal r…
the  waysandmeansgop committee today considered legislation to stop the flow of synthetic drugs through the interna…
rt  farmanddairy  congressman bob gibbs is meeting with farmers  ag industry representatives to discuss farmbill this morning at  ashland…
thank you  usrepricknolan for your service to the people of  mn08  - it was great to work with you on the  transport…
congress must come together to protect dreamers and pass comprehensive immigration reform now 
  congmikesimpson  the recommendation also advances fossil energy research and development to ensure the nation is…
happy birthday  president reagan  🎉
sub environment announces hearing next week to examine  epa nsr reform bill &gt &gt 
prayers for a speedy recovery  my friend 
rt  repmarkwalker  a special privilege to be joined by the rsc steering committee to name congressman sam johnson as the first  republicans…
putting the finishing touches on this week s e-newsletter  if you don t receive my email updates  you can sign up h…
joining  johnmuirwtaq at 9 30am ct to talk north korea  iran and term limits  tune in here 
thanks for taking the time to meet with me 
live now  sub environment hears from  epascottpruitt regarding the fy2019  epa budget &gt &gt 
great discussion & questions  room full of future leaders of south jersey communities  have a great weekend  frank
tonight  we have an important vote for tennessee 
great being at north fort hood today  it was an honor to meet with everyone and hear their ideas that i can take wi…
military spouses serve alongside their loved ones  they are the irreplaceable support system for our nation s milit…
with pro-growth tax reform  we want to help american families save more of their hard-earned paychecks 
for decades  the coast guard has owned property on jupiter island that has been left unmanaged & overgrown  my bill…
to my mom  helen  and all moms out there  thank you for your selflessness  encouragement and unconditional love …
mi amigo   repteddeutch  you have been my steadfast partner in our struggle to make ever stronger the bonds of frie…
house is considering a bill to reauthorize the federal communications commission for the first time since the 1990s   fcc
on dec  19th  cal_oes &  fema will host a public assistance applicant briefing for public entities & eligible priva…
so great to see american families participating in take your child to work day  but definitely missing my girls  whethe…
we need hearings to determine whether mueller & team are impartial  the american people deserve accountability  la05 
  mrsb1stgraders thanks for your question  ask buddy
rt  nlintheusa  members of the dutch and eu caucuses visit the netherlands american cemetery in margraten and meet with some of the familie…
yesterday i had a great meeting with my friend  secretary of the air force  dr  heather wilson  i greatly appreciat…
icymi  here is my interview yesterday on three crises we face  mental health  immigration  and our national debt 
today in n v history  clara crowell became lander county s 1st woman sheriff  please join me in honoring women leade…
clinton/obama/russia corruption required accomplices  nellie ohr  stalin apologist  is one 
rt  rollcall  opinion  the special counsel probe is tainted  by rep   lamarsmithtx21 
  completecollege  research shows student who take30  credits per yr  are more likely to graduate  g o p future millennials
glad to meet this week with local letter carriers to discuss postal reform efforts in congress 
thankful to flowery branch students and teachers for allowing me to hear their questions and concerns about current…
 the_c_dub rude is the appropriate word to describe a gang who can t admit they lost the election & r now being disruptive to system
my thoughts and prayers are with my friend  senjohnmccain as he fights cancer -- the latest battle for a true warrior 
enjoyed meeting with cadets last night at the highlander battalion ball at presbyterian college  was honored to be…
as a navy veteran  i know how strong our kids are moving from place to place in support of our military mission  ap…
rt  rvvoyles  at the  greaterdecchmbr for their monthly breakfast  w/guest speaker  rodneydavis  he s set to speak on taxbill  infrastruct…
as we continue to fight terrorism & oppressive regimes around the world  especially in syria russia iran  it s i…
icymi  i stopped by  actionnewsnow to chat about tax reform  my priorities for 2018  and more  watch 
looking forward to working along side my friend  hurdonthehill to fix our parks
the  iowabankers stopped by my washington office last week and we had a productive discussion about commonsense reg…
my heart goes out to everybody impacted by the terrible shooting in sutherland springs  texas 
i agree with  potus s decision to release this information to the american public  we entrust these institutions  t…
tonight  president trump will give his first  sotu  address  watch live here 
rt  repkevincramer  my new bill with  repryanzinke  hr 6295  improves co2 sequestration tax credits for power plants   housecommerce
thanks for representing  ga09    rsalemi   sotu 
breaking from  fema   potus has issued a major disaster declaration for the north carolina in guilford county and r…
the work being done through the glri to ensure our great lakes remain vibrant is critical to the health of our grea…
congress must act to delay dsh cuts  fund community health centers & reinstate the medicare dependent hospital prog…
congressman griffith s weekly e-newsletter 6 5 17  veteran care
i am calling for the declassification of fisa applications involving trump associates →
alfalfa growing in buckeye turns the desert green   azfb farming buckeye
i regret to inform  nancypelosi that she is mistaken    taxreform doesn t produce crumbs  it produces twinkies …
terrible news coming out of barcelona  the united states stands in complete support  we must work together to conquer global terrorism 
rt  repsmucker  i m in the  housebudgetgop committee this morning with omb director mick mulvaney  you can watch live here ▶️ https //t co/…
this is a critical step toward improving and addressing some of the lessons we learned from the last hurricane sea…
thank you to those who have reached out asking about the train wreck  neither i nor any of my staff were on the tra…
this saturday  april 28th is national drug take back day  at last year s event  americans returned an impressive 45…
rt  mzanona   the idea that it would be a structured rule  that we would be able to offer amendments  is more likely to get support — even…
congratulations to my former colleague in the house  confident he will advance us interests and lead well at the…
the nunes memo is released  government including law enforcement must be transparent  straightforward & accountable…
this veterans day  we pause to reflect upon the selfless service of our women and men in uniform  more …
as a vice chair on the  financialcmte   i had a great meeting with  netspend earlier this week to discuss important…
rt  gopoversight  chairman  tgowdysc  proper funding is critical to an agency tasked with a zero-fail mission 
great story from  oh15   students supporting honor flight  good job  vikings  & thanks for your service  mr  kraner 
safe in south jersey  not attending this week s gop retreat in wv  hope reports that my colleagues  staff & those n…
rt  repjimbanks  the rhetoric from louis farrakhan is hateful and his abhorrence for our jewish friends and neighbors is despicable  anti-s…
in pursuant to a letter i sent with  roslehtinen   repcicilline  &  repteddeutch and 71 other members  i m happy to…
attending  ldtc17  today  let cvc staff know you re attending the event so they can help direct you to the cvc congr…
the end slavery act paved the way to put an end to modern slavery  but more work remains  we must keep raising awareness  enditmovement
at the  whitehouse to join  potus for the signing of my bill to combat human trafficking  the dhs blue campaign aut…
i presented a flag to the special agent in charge in austin to thank the  fbi for their great work during the…
did you have a chance to read my weekly newsletter  in case you missed it  read it here --&gt 
🇺🇸 preventing crimes against veterans act  h r  506   which punishes those who try to defraud veterans  and gives p…
my bill easing regulations for geothermal exploration cleared  natresources today  idaho will benefit …
anything  hughhewitt recommends is worth checking out 
yesterday  i spoke on the house floor to honor our law enforcement on national law enforcement appreciation day
  repmccaul on immigration ahead of tonight s  sotu    [house republicans] want to fix daca  but we want the securit…
proud to be working on policies that are strengthening our economy 
good news for the 400 000 texas kids counting on chip --&gt  on monday  president trump signed a bill to fund chip for…
rt  riigikogu  speaker eiki nestor at the meeting with  speakerryan  we value the us contribution to the security of europe 
i m proud to stand with the families in my district and across america who are choosing a public charter school for…
confederate statues should be taken down  but in a lawful way  lincoln was right  no grievance is a fit object for redress by a mob 
rt  hollykxxv  the memorial outside the library continues to grow as more people drop off flowers and and children s books in honor of barb…
congratulations to  arthurbrooks as he begins winding down his time at  aei  his work in bringing the conservative…
as hurricane irma2017 heads toward the fl coast  it s important to be ready  please visit & monitor local tv/radio 
as we mark police week2018  let us honor those officers who gave their all in service to our communities 
while this is a positive step  congress must act to fix our broken immigration system  that is why earlier this yea…
the house just passed the lucas-bridenstine weather research and forecasting innovation act 
rt  housegop  breaking news → the bill is passed  the tax cuts & jobs act will deliver major tax relief to families all across this nation …
they asked if we could get involved with  fema to help with recouping from disastrous flooding  we did and it led t…
for over 3 000 years  the official capital of israel has been jerusalem  no matter what the palestinians say 
rt  nedastaff  watch what happens during an advocacy day  special thx to  senatorbaldwin  reptimmurphy &  repryancostello 
this week the house passed two bills to increase government oversight on the world s largest state sponsor of terro…
rt  secretaryzinke    natlparkservice ranger proudly salutes during the playing of the national anthem 🇺🇸 findyourpark  whitehouse
i will work to build support for the gateway project on capitol hill & with the trump administration 
rt  msnbc  just in  house unveils details of bipartisan sexual harassment overhaul bill   lacaldwelldc reports  highlights  - accusers n…
proud to host a spectrum working group panel on 5g w/  dorismatsui this afternoon 
 ricky_dreamer  miketheredleg  chrislhayes  jackhunter74 i didn t connect to the electric company  so the extra ene…
live  tactical air & land forces  fy19ndaa  markup - led by chairman  repmiketurner 12 30 pm - watch here 
 repbyrne is managing the rule on the hydropower policy modernization act & save local business act  watch here 
  repjackbergman and i wrote about what could happen to our economy if there is a disruption at the soo locks witho…
after the success of the  race  act  sadie and i are now working on the  star  act  which would step up efforts to id…
rt  henryschein  thank you to congresswoman  susanwbrooks  who represents indiana s 5th district  for visiting our indy distro center  duri…
house science committee approves posey s bipartisan legislation to promote commercial space ventures
rt  speakerryan  it s time to check your check  starting this month  90% of americans will see bigger paychecks as a result of the tax cuts…
appreciation and commendations are due the  fbi  agents  bomb squad  and all law enforcement officers in austin who…
happy 110th birthday to the  usarmyreserve
recognizing  givesevendays this week in my office and thinking of my friend  mindycorporon  an amazing example of k…
fantastic story ↓
happening now  today is the start of a series of  waysandmeansgop hearings about how tax reform is growing the econ…
great to join  ga06  small businesses &  jobcreatorsusa in roswell to discuss importance of small biz & solutions to…
rt  the_citizen  gallery   repjohnkatko leads house delegation to europe  middle east
rt  reprickallen  r e v i e w act reminds federal agencies they cannot interpret the law as they please & force businesses to spend countless   …
rt  waysandmeansgop  earlier this month at w&m s second hearing to discuss how we can protect americans from the opioid crisis  vt governor…
today i voted against the  1 3 trillion  2200 page  omnibus spending package  i wasn t sent to washington to repres…
faith in god & the freedom to worship freely & without government interference are cornerstones on which the u s  w…
proud to support georgia s farmers & honored to be named a  friend of the farm bureau  by  farmbureau  agriculture
 icymi-  i oppose oil and gas drilling off nj s coast  read my comments on the subject in my weekly e-newsletter  i…
  potus  as tax cuts create new jobs  let s invest in workforce development and let s invest in job training  whic…
rt  castateparks  mark your calendars  day use & boat launching fees are free at lake oroville sra on 5/17-18  6/7-8  july 5-6  8/2-3 & 9/6…
242 years of outstanding service and love of country  thank you   usmc 
today reverend billy graham will lie in honor in the u s  capitol rotunda  a fitting honor for his lifetime of prea…
rt  houseforeign  under secretary of commerce for industry and security mira ricardel &  repedroyce recently met to discuss his export cont…
it s was my pleasure to join  denversouth this morning for a legislative update of everything we are doing for our…
great to meet with mn06ers who came out today to the  kwiktrip in st  cloud  special thank you to dale  pictured be…
hugh hitchcock with davis trust company says that because of the tax cuts and jobs act  they were able to give an acro…
marlene - i have reviewed the documents & support their public release  frank
after reviewing the memo  i believe it is in the best interest of our nation that it be released to the public  the…
it was great to visit with baker mayor darnell waites this morning with breakfast at frank s to discuss flood recov…
the legislation will also help our goal of building a new soo lock by making the army corps use new standards in it…
looking forward to it  cvpayne 
on wednesday  march 14 beginning at 7 15 p m  et  we will be hosting our third  va05  telephone town hall meeting of…
lenoir & greene counties  don t forget i m hosting a teletown hall tonight  to join  please call 888-480-3626 start…
pleased to see so many important policy issues covered in the 2018 farm bill  such as a health care association for…
i just went live from statuary hall in the capitol to give folks a behind-the-scenes look at the state of the union…
on this national day of prayer let us all remember  defend and honor the sacred right of religious liberty in america   mn02 
the united states will not tolerate russian aggression toward america or our allies  i applaud  potus for holding r…
we have to prepare our students for jobs that don t exist yet  the hill latino edu  thehillevents
somebody must pay for  no cost  college  who   sotu 
it is always good to see coach vince dooley  thank you for stopping by the office
today s tragic anniversary of dr  king s assassination reminds me of one of the most humbling and fulfilling experi…
live now with  senatortimscott and  tgowdysc at the stewart security summit 
subcommittee chairman  congculberson kicks off the commerce  justice  science hearing on the fy19 budget for…
very thankful it appears the  teamredstone incident turned out to be a misunderstanding  answered prayers 
rt  andymarso  u s  rep  kevin yoder has sent a letter to the va about wait times at va hospitals 
rt  housescience  last night   housescience chair  lamarsmithtx21   repbrianbabin &  congbillposey joined  vp & national space council at th…
about to join  foxnews to discuss the funding bill  and why i will never support amnesty  make sure to tune in 
last night  we celebrated the hard work of trevor pearson and faith vander voort   twpearson is meguire whitney s n…
did you know that under the tax cuts and jobs act  the child tax credit is doubled to  2 000 per child  learn more at
standing in front of my office s  science wall  
great meeting with  alzassociation ambassador sally marchese  discussed new legislation  hr 4256  to establish alzh…
 plstc_hndbskt  reason 🤦🏻‍♂️ i do  please read the original interview at cr  thanks 
 thebookviking  dombek13 national defense is a fed responsibility  healthcare services handled privately & fed  state & local gov
missed the weekly newsletter  catch up here ↓
we must stand together in fighting terrorism both at home and abroad 
huge hearing on how important small biz is for american infrastructure  tune in here at 11 30am →…
still not sure what tax reform means for you and your family  find out here ⬇️
rt  abc  house floor gives standing ovation to rep  steve scalise who returned to capitol hill after being shot in the alexandria shooting…
i m so saddened to learn of the passing of former first lady barbara bush  while she was witty and tenacious  she w…
with tax reform  economic confidence is on the rise
thanks to the  carthagetribune for covering our hard work on behalf of  ny21  patients  stefanik helps carthage area…
tonight   potus shared that the state of the union is strong   jobs are coming back to america and wages are on the…
happy national puppy day  a tip of the hat to all of our four-legged friends today from ted and team walden 
grateful to all of our men and women in blue  yesterday  we honored texas  fallen officers who gave their life for…
rt  austinscottga08  my weekly email newsletter is a great way to stay updated on my work on behalf of  ga08   you can sign up for my email…
rt  reptomrice  thanks to pro-growth policies and taxreform  unemployment is at the lowest level since 2000 
checking in live with  talk1073 right now 
scenes from this morning s roundtable on the federal real property database  reploubarletta  repjeffdenham…
rt  housegop  rt to agree →  housedemocrats need to quit the double-talk on the 2018 farm bill  this is too important for them to use in the…
rt  farmweeknow  with tax reform complete  see what  replahood hopes is the  next big thing  in d c 
legislation i authored makes it easier for our veterans to take the first step toward a college degree after servin…
rt  repjohnfaso  snap helps people in meaningful ways but it s not without flaws  this farm bill will modernize asset tests by raising qual…
the house just passed  with my support  the enhancing dhs  fusion center technical assistance program act  this bil…
rt  hascrepublicans  as  potus heads to the pacific here what  fy18ndaa  would do to rebuild america s strength in the pacific losing time h…
this congress has worked with  potus to make tremendous progress for our veterans over the last 16 months  the next…
honored to be named co-chair of the india caucus today  see more here 
stopped by  transamerica for a townhall with employees in cedar rapids  we discussed trade tariffs  school safety …
seeing positive movement on the jerusalem embassy issue  jerusalem is the eternal capital of israel and i urge…
watch g o p energy solutions hearing today at 10 30am on conservative clean energy solutions
caught up with  talk1073 this morning to talk about national police week  farm bill  snap work requirements and mor…
merit monday merit
rt  houseagnews  claim  eliminating bbce will strip benefits from 400 000 households  fact  anyone meeting the asset income eligibility tes…
rt  housegop  this is our moment  we are unified and ready to take the tax cuts & jobs act across the finish line to  potus s desk  2059mo…
this week is police week  when we take time to honor those who serve our communities and protect our homes  small b…
today  our  usarmyreserve celebrates 110 years of service to the nation  take a moment to honor all the brave…
good to see  richardgrenell is off to a strong start as u s  ambassador to germany 
for the thousands of farmers in  ca21   i will keep fighting for infrastructure improvements to help get local produ…
rt  schoolchoicewk  national school choice week raises awareness of all schoolchoice options  traditional public schools  private schools …
rt  kevinbrinkley   the top 20% spends more on food than the bottom 20% make   --farm bill = affordable food   conawaytx11  houseagnews ho…
cell companies have technology to prevent this type of spying on your phone  but if they invoked it  it could disab…
wsj editorial board   modernizing the human misery known as u s  air travel should be a bipartisan win  
physiological episodes do not happen to planes  they happen to people   read  more about the hearing i chaired with…
i appreciate how serious secretary mattis is taking this 
h r  5473  better pain management through better data act has passed the full cmte by voice vote
posey testimony supports national estuary program and lagoon revitalization efforts
 there are 39 pages in the labor department s february report on the employment situation in the united states  but…
rt  anca_dc  armenian caucus co-chair rep dave trott  repdavetrott at us capitol reception for visiting parliamentarians from armenia  -…
what can we say  our members support fiscal restraint 
rt  reptomreed  this is the result of strong  america-first negotiating by the white house  we applaud the efforts to bring nations togethe…
the first & foremost duty of the federal government is  to provide for the common defense   that s exactly what the…
rt  foxbusiness    reptomrice to  trish_regan on renegotiating nafta   if president trump can pull this off  tax reform  regulatory reform …
i m excited by  realdonaldtrump s  sotu  address  after a successful 1st year in office  he remains committed to cha…
the house will be investigating uranium one deal  the american people deserve answers 
icymi  this morning i chatted with fox business regarding the united states actions in syria  and our efforts to se…
rt  glcommission  icymi  ahead of great lakes day this week in washington  we are proud to join with great lakes cities  tribes  business  i…
griffith honors anniversary of 9/11
happy hanukkah to those who celebrate  🕎🕯️🎁
more work needs to be done to put iran back in a box  but sanctioning irgc as a terror group is major step in the right direction  iran deal
what s next for the tax cutsand jobs act   text tax reform to 50589 or visit to learn more
today -- as we gather together to celebrate the birth of our lord and savior jesus christ -- i pray that god bless…
rt  rachellmillard    rodneydavis at  dcexaminer farmbill event   no one is going to get kicked off of s n a p   the gov t is going to inves…
thank you to  ccaurora for hosting the army war college eisenhower program this afternoon  it was an honor being p…
rt  timesunion    repstefanik weathers tough questions from constituents — on guns  russia  health care and more — at south glens falls gat…
thank you for having me   in09 
tax day is usually one of the most dreaded days of the year  but today we actually have something to celebrate — th…
house appropriations committee chairman  usreprodney   gateway will be built   read his statement here 
congratulations to all of the wonderful young artists who participated in this year s congressional art competition 
🚨 h j res 2  my balanced budget amendment  will be on the house floor for a vote next week  i challenge my colleagu…
rt  housegop  didyouknow the house has passed 477 bills  that s 53 more than this time in obama s first term and 86 more than average…  an…
to my fellow minnesotans  heavy snow storm headed our way  up to 12 inches possible  weather teams advising to stay…
rt  waysandmeansgop    repdavid  repkevinbrady  davereichert  senorrinhatch & 99 other republican lawmakers wrote to  ustraderep urging him…
tax reform
had a great time discussing policy with  restaurantsact in raleigh today restaurant roundtable
  shopfloornam   tax reform win  novelis breaks ground on new  300 million manufacturing facility in kentucky …
rt  femaregion6  tx  hurricane season begins june 1  which means homeowners and renters need to buy a national flood insurance program  nfi…
 i have read the classified report and i believe the people i represent and every american should have the chance t…
great to be with members of the home builders association of western michigan today in kalamazoo   mi06 
american exceptionalism is nothing to ever apologize for  feeling so blessed today & every day to be able to live i…
saturday night  i joined the american legion and these boy scouts from troop 120 to hear from the american legion n…
full time = 40 hours 
great to join the howell chamber for their good morning livingston luncheon today & congratulate them on being named…
wonderful meetings so far this week  from the american dental association to the  ugaextension and  georgia4h  i en…
as we come to the end of womens history month  i salute my own exceptional wife  dee dee  and so many other amazing…
rt  usdotfra  practicing rail safety is easy as pi  help us spread the word by encouraging your family and friends to be rail safe on pi da…
as the author of the iranian leadership asset transparency act—which passed the house w/ broad  bipartisan support—…
rt  housejudiciary  under the securing america s future act  america would get an immigration system that actually protects our communities…
rt  chamberdigital    reptomemmer  lawmakers should keep in mind the power of blockchain to empower people all over the world    and the p…
defund planned parenthood
great to participate  thanks for having me  d c blockchain
the irs failed to effectively implement the president s directive to ease the financial burden of obamacare  and it…
the final tax cuts and jobs act kept many of the credits and deductions that were most important to those of you wh…
throughout my years of service to florida and my country  i have and will continue to fight for rights of our most…
1 out of every 700 babies in the u s  is born with down syndrome  it s the most common chromosomal condition  today…
 thanks to tax reform  virginia families can look forward to a growing economy  that means pay raises  multiple job…
proud to have voted for micah s law yesterday  our society must protect these innocent lives from the barbarity of…
i have heard from many small business owners in  ga12  that they have plans to expand  small businesses are truly th…
rt  bobondermo  congratulations to  annlwagner on her bill signing today   it s hard to do big things  i ve passed a lot of bills  this was…
i vigorously oppose nancy pelosi s attempt to take more money out of the pockets of hard working american families…
this kind of hate is immoral  unacceptable  and un-american  those are not our values  and i have full faith that o…
happymothersday to all our moms  even though i lost my mom last year  i still remember and love all the things sh…
the tax cutsand jobs act is a  game-changer  for small business owners→ small business week
  speakerryan will certainly be missed  he stepped up when his colleagues asked him to serve and has accomplished m…
i m always amazed by the enthusiasm & talent of young people in  ga10   & i m pleased to announce my 2018 congressio…
need help with a problem with va claims  social security  medicare or another federal agency  need to speak with a…
rt  seemacms  enjoyed catching up with  michaelcburgess  and two fellow hoosiers -  susanbrooksin &  replarrybucshon - about all the exciti…
rt  baps_pubaffairs   baps members from orlando fl stopped by to meet with  repdesantis for b a p s advocacy day  thanks for taking the time to…
 tx07  high school students  only a few more days to submit your original work of art for the congressional art comp…
we held 2 vets info workshops this week to help connect  ok  veterans with organizations to help them access the ben…
motorcycle riders foundation s 9th annual lobby day  as weather warms in ak  keep an eye out for other road users …
germany  and all nato members  must meet their obligation to invest at least 2% of their gdp for the common defense…
🏛  speakerryan just signed my legislation protecting americans from becoming victims of identity theft  next stop…
please join rep   justinamash  sen   randpaul  sen   ronwyden   repzoelofgren  and their colleagues at 10 00 a m  o…
rt  door_nyc  julie shapiro  door ed  testified at the house ways and means subcommittee on human resources with our stalwart partner  ga…
milcon subcommittee chair  repcharliedent  this bill supports our troops with the facilities and services necessary…
sad to see that the us senate could not find any path forward on daca and immigration reform today  of interest  se…
the fourpeat is complete  findlay once again has been named the top micropolitan city by site selection magazine …
 realclarknewby great to meet you clark
please join giulia and me in praying for the innocent victims of yesterday s horrific attack in toronto …
today we passed the tax cuts & jobs act and here s what it does  ✔ lowers tax rates for everyday americans ✔ increa…
i am among 88 colleagues urging  potus to consult & receive authorization from congress before ordering the use of…
rt  housegop  the tax cutsand jobs act includes many provisions that will be beneficial to america s seniors ✅ higher standard deduction ✅ lo…
montana supplies 2017  uscapitoltree  it s beautiful  but my heart still belongs to 2016 s tree from idaho  below …
thank you to greater allegany county chamber of commerce for inviting us to your annual awards banquet  congratulat…
looking forward to joining  foxandfriends in 15 min 
pleased to meet w/ judy dubose  major keli chevalier & olivia bush to discuss their work w/  graceafterfirev &…
wishing a happy mothers day to all the moms  moms to be  and the mother-like ladies in our lives 
join me this wednesday in carroll county for my third brick-and-mortar town hall of 2018  the event will take place…
tax reform combined with falling prices are leading to even lower  dte_energy gas bills and greater savings for 1 3…
my longtime office dog cali believes imitation is the highest form of flattery 
chairman  rephensarling applauds inclusion of important pro-growth reform measures in omnibus  full statement …
rt  waysandmeansgop   now is the time for us to come together in a conference committee and unite behind one historic bill that will help a…
in warren touring john & orpha blair hospice residence congratulations to staff & board on their 8th anniversary 
wishing you all prosperity  good health  and success in 2015  happy new year 
rt  thenrc  standing room only at the  transport ptc hearing this morning   repbillshuster  transport  repjohnfaso  reppeterdefazio infras…
many folks reach out to my office to ask how they can stop unanswered calls  the ftc has some good resources on wha…
 beckerfortexas first question  yes  second question  those who voted yea  to suspend the rules and to disallow am…
it was great meeting  diamondandsilk yesterday after they testified before congress about the alarming filtering pr…
stay warm and be safe out there  sneauxday
the deadline for the congressional art competition is wednesday may 2nd at 5 00 pm  numerous students have submitte…
rt  speakerryan  last year  we lost nearly 4x as many service members in accidents than we lost in combat  this is just unacceptable  a vot…
rt  housegop  rt to agree → 500  companies announcing new benefits for their workers is hardly the end of the world  tax cutsand jobs act ht…
the opioidcrisis affects families and communities across america  regardless of age  race  religion or economic st…
congress shouldn t get paid during a government shutdown  accordingly  i ve requested my salary be withheld and cos…
this morning i attended the dedication ceremony of the byron house  a home devoted to help veterans suffering from…
my statement on  daca 
 i feel so passionate that we in congress have been denied our constitutional right to debate and declare war   - jones
thank you for this incredible honor  i will keep fighting to ensure our government is open  honest and working for…
visiting  tiptonrvidist this morning for another drug free m o assembly  remember  you can be the change and…
it was great to see so many folks from sw wa in dc this week advocating on behalf of the water issues so vital to o…
winter storm hunter is headed our way  make sure to be careful and watch your local stations for winter weather up…
❓did you know  115 people die every day from an opioid overdose  find out at 10am what s being done at the local…
my view on postponement of healthcare legislation in the house 
proud to vote to repeal operation chokepoint  which the obama administration used to block businesses they disliked…
 we do no make this observation and attendant request lightly   read the letter to ag jeff sessions here 
joining  thefordfaction on  yhnradio &  101superstation in just a few moments to discuss my prolife amendment  make sure to tune in   al06 
rt  realdonaldtrump  happy national medal of honor day to our heroes  we love you 
i m hosting a human trafficking roundtable today in katy with federal  state  and local law enforcement and local s…
wishing you a happy valentines day   utpol sweets cookies formy friends capitolhill
rt  gabby_gonzalez  this is jeff monroe  the uber driver  who was killed by a suspected drunk driver over the weekend  his passenger  colts…
rt  israelipm  stronger than ever 🇮🇱🇺🇸  potus
tonight s military actions in syria are a clear message to the assad regime the u s  & our allies will not tolerate…
for farmers and ranchers  every day is earth day  our earth is one thing we all have in common  and today we recogn…
the bill passed today includes  22 9 million for the earthquake early warning system  an increase of  12 7 million …
rt  repmccaul   open borders have allowed drugs and gangs to pour into our most vulnerable communities   -  potus  sotu  this is why border…
merry christmas  today  i thank god for family  for community  and for the son he sent to the world to be our savio…
i d like to commend my friend and colleague   repkevinbrady for his outstanding work to bring about pro-growth…
breaking  sbc presses agencies on why few are abiding by small business regulatory enforcement fairness act
rt  femalefarmers  with the s t r e s sact - federal funding will help train more on-the-ground rural mental health counselors  call your repre…
another story about how taxreform is helping folks back in  va01  
whether its protecting the unborn or safeguarding religious freedoms  i m proud of my strong pro-family voting reco…
cindy and i are saddened to hear of the passing of rep  louise slaughter  her entire family  all her friends  and h…
join me tonight for a live telephone town hall meeting at 6 15pm  click the link below to listen in 
i want to wish you and your family a merry christmas and a happy new year  may you continue to experience the spir…
icymi   housecommerce debuts  personal stories from the opioid crisis  video series in conjunction with today s…
rt  johnboozman  read my op-ed w/  repwesterman  backbone of state small business week is a perfect time to highlight  ar  small businesses…
we must keep congress accountable --&gt  more voters than ever want term limits for congress via  rasmussen_poll
important announcement  due to later than expected votes in the house  our sixth  va05  town hall meeting of 2018 ha…
need help with a federal agency  today  our  va05  team is holding mobile office hours in buckingham  fluvanna …
rt  reppeteolson  excited for liquid freedom – more us lng heading from houston to india  economic win for texas and our ally india 
pleased to share another update from one of my  ga10  service academy nominees  christopher lumley of buford  who is…
congratulations to  wowofortwayne on bringing home first place in the national association of broadcaster s 2018 se…
rt  foxnews    repkevinyoder   things are just getting better and better with growth and job creation  i think our worry is  harris  that t…
everyone knows old  left-overs  in your refrigerator can make you sick  but  left-over  drugs in your medicine cabi…
honored to receive  militaryofficer s virginia legislator of the year award  i ll always be an advocate our service…
rt  stevennelson10    repthomasmassie urged charges against  unremorseful  james clapper  warning  his behavior sets the standard for the e…
this saturday marks national prescription drug take back day here in  mi06  & across our state  watch for more info …
rt  speakerryan  great news→ the house just passed an overwhelmingly bipartisan  comprehensive overhaul of the irs  this restoration of ove…
discussing cdbg for disaster recovery including fema  wildfire containment  & nfip at this morning s…
hasc emerging threats & capabilities releases mark for  fy19ndaa   ndaa  - defense-wide s&t  cyber ops & programs  st…
rt  hascrepublicans  live  emerging threats & capabilities  fy19ndaa  mark kicks off - led by chairwoman  repstefanik - ndaa watch here htt…
the terror attack in london is repulsive  i offer my thoughts and prayers to everyone impacted  america stands with you 
during national adoption month  we recommit to finding every child a safe and loving home they need and deserve …
destroyed post office in st  croix  significant devastation  on way to puerto rico to assess infrastructure needs f…
 one of speaker ryan s most important legacies will be his central role in beginning to rebuild our military & repa…
rt  kyhumanities  it is always a pleasure to visit with  rephalrogers to talk about the humanities programs taking place in district 5  inc…
thanks for dropping by 
congress back in session for votes- continuing vital work on fy18 appropriations bills to ensure we exercise power of the purse & oversight 
rt  housegop  passed → the tax cuts & jobs act  1182more taxreform
rt  foxbusiness    repchriscollins on pelosi s attack on tax cuts   nancypelosi is the gift that keeps on giving  she s totally out of touc…
on holocaust remembrance day i reflect on my visit to auschwitz-birkenau  walking the grounds where countless lives…
stream live now 📺 hearing on  fraud  mismanagement  non-compliance  and safety  the history of failures of the corp…
rt  houseforeign  tmrw 9 30amet  consideration of  repmccaul s iran human rights and hostage-taking accountability act
want to repeal the new california gas tax hike that took effect last week  weigh in here —&gt 
rt  repadriansmith  i m encouraged by the passage of our irs reform package because the american people deserve an irs which provides timel…
great conversation with  michbio today about issues important to michigan s bio industry and all the jobs they supp…
rt  aathcgme  thanks  gopleader for significantly increasing funding for teaching health centers  where the next generation of physicians l…
it s a historic tax day today  with this year being the very last time we file our taxes using the old tax code  in…
 ermizmo1 i m continuing to work on this  it is a high priority to me  while i ll push in congress  i also believ…
rt  fresno_chamber  we re starting off our friday at tornino s for eggs & issues with  repdavidvaladao 
 clementine1901  hrintuitive serious communication with my constituents 4 many years  feel free 2 run next time & see with whom they agree
rt  shopfloornam  breaking  new tax reform survey results confirm manufacturers are boosting hiring  investments  and wages due to the tax…
i attended lapeer county families against narcotics  spring fling to meet with group members who work to educate co…
rt  wwp  thank you  repbrianmast for joining us at soldier ride d c – your service in the army and as a member of congress are an inspiration…
rt  mzaandco  watch the livestream of today s 2pm ct  usjusticeaction forum at the  mncapitol featuring  repjasonlewis   mayorcarter3 &  pp…
this year  129 names were added to the wall remembering the lives lost in 2017  an additional 232 names were added…
i am saddened to hear of the loss of a dear friend and patriot  joseph ray perry  sincere condolences to…
  repdesantis  this year they drew their biggest crowd yet  more than 1 200 people 
it s national retirement planning week  fact  only 54% of baby boomers have saved for retirement  take action to…
rt  housescience   codeorg   housescience chair  lamarsmithtx21 s stem education act  signed into law in 2015  strengthens  stem  education…
great to talk with chancellor gold about my recent meeting with the stratcom leadership fellows on mav minute  i in…
rt  waysandmeansgop  chairman  repkevinbrady s remarks on the housefloor in support of gsp renewal  the bipartisan legislation provides ta…
rt  repmcclintock  gathered this week with leadership of the u  s  forest service s tahoe basin management unit  tahoe district fire chiefs…
america s founding fathers ratified the billof rights  otd  in 1791  guaranteeing fundamental protections from gover…
focus on russian misbehavior  not on fake narratives paid for by hillary and cooked up by christopher steele 
cool moment in downtown mobile today as wintzell s   friedstewednude  named their oyster bar after willie brown  wi…
 2/2  i ve always said that if i m only given a piece of legislation to vote on which designates nevada as the nati…
net farm income has fallen 52% since 2013  one of the steepest declines since the great depression  the…
america lost a promising naval flight officer last week  lt  caleb king dedicated his life to something bigger than…
proud of  okstate s impressive record of generating military leaders through their rotc program
tax reform is doing wonders for america s workers and families  check out the full list of companies by…
rt  whitehouse  mike pompeo will be ready to lead the state department on day one  with the grave threats facing our country  america needs…
 otd  in 1790 the  uscg was created  happy 227th birthday 
great to meet w/ 3  tx22  bosses  dee lozano  lisa cox & sandra denton from  caiadvocacy this afternoon  we discusse…
rt  coloradomesau    timbof12   deanbobbybraun and  reptipton just announced that we are expanding our engineering partnership with c u boul…
rt  rd_michigan   icymi  this agricultural resource event is going on tonight  growbenzie 
lead fbi agent on both the clinton classified info case & the russia counterintel investigation meets with deputy f…
it s always great to have folks from missouri stop in my washington  dc  office  this morning i had a great meetin…
  kroger   walmart   target & other food retailers are investing savings from the federal tax law to boost worker p…
i join millions of fellow christians & admirers worldwide in mourning the passing of the rev  billy graham  yet als…
rt  houseforeign  chairman  repedroyce announces food aid hearing
my prayers go out to our former first lady  barbara bush  and to her family 
today  the house passed an important measure i co-sponsored  the stop school violence act  this bipartisan bill aut…
i am saddened to hear about the sudden passing of legendary columbus radio host john corby  with over 30 years on t…
excited to welcome fellow hoosier dr  tim petty to the capitol today  he s sure to do great things for our nation a…
rt  housescience   i reaffirm my commitment to ensure that the doe  along with its national laboratories  will continue to support the worl…
talking tax reform  the opioid epidemic  and school safety with  irontontribune last week
we want to thank the 40  va05  high school students who participated in our annual congressional art competition and…
 therealadambien  bobbyjoe1974 dno what a burn is  think folks should look at my record  rather than partisan talking points 
rt  ohelectriccoops  kicked off this morning by meeting with  repbobgibbs  thank you  congressman  coops in d c
just got off the  march_for_life stage on a beautiful day in washington  here s why we march 
i hear that jimmy morales  president of guatemala is following our great pres trump s lead & recognizing jerusalem…
the u s  economy continues to grow while the number of unemployed americans falls to its lowest level since 1973 
ag  al03  2018 farm bill
looking forward to talking with  marklarsonradio this morning  tune in around 10 35 am  pst  
rt  sachamber  honored to have congressman mac thornberry talking about the military   mactxpress militarycityusa satodc2017
we owe it to police officers to provide all the tools & resources needed to cope with the experiences they run into…
just started  tax reform hearing on increasing u s  competitiveness around the world  watch here 
i want to hear directly from you about the issues that matter in  ok2   that s why i m hosting a telephone town hall…
had the pleasure of seeing angelo himself at angelo s pizza in auburn today  thanks to matt for serving up a great…
rt  lambmaryann  fmr navy seal cmndr  repryanzinke of house armed services committee says general mattis is thee very best operational comm…
this saturday  april 28  is national prescription drug take back day  find a list of sites near you to dispose of…
rt  whitehouse  by signing the allow states and victims to fight online sex trafficking act  president trump is providing invaluable tools…
happy birthday to my colleague and fellow texan   repbrianbabin 
former house majority whip candidate marlin stutzman joins rebellion against boehner tcot
strong turnout of elected officials  business leaders & environmentalists from cape may & atlantic counties to stan…
ever wondered how news gets made  i was over at ketv today  this is their news team deliberating over priorities fo…
i visited the boys and girls club of collier county in immokalee today while its afternoon programs were in full sw…
happy small business week to the more than 29 million small businesses across the nation that create jobs  provide i…
trade supports jobs in central wa -40% of jobs in wa are tied to international trade  i joined 106 colleagues in a…
it was great meeting students from bonners ferry high school  who are in dc as part of the close up foundation hs p…
rt  natresources  picture perfect hearing this morning  📸
my town hall in joppa is well underway  great to see so many marylanders come out tonight 
stopped by the watauga county farmers market on saturday 
great to be with everyone  thanks for having me 
no one  not even hillary clinton  should be above the law  clinton emails
tonight the house held a moment of silence for our fellow texans impacted by the violence in sutherland springs …
rt  redsox  if we haven t said it already    happy  openingday   let s go 👊
putting costly  partisan regulations in fast lane w/out transparency is disservice to am  people   housejudiciary
honoring the late reverend  billygraham today in the u s  capitol rotunda  his devotion to ministry - including to…
the cleanup program at the inl is critical work that is being done  the citizens advisory board met today  these vo…
 pheffli87  audreylhenson  ryansthompson  braves i like to alternate between my  tcu and my  braves hats go frogs chop on
watch live ➡️  housejudiciary crime sbcmte hearing on  preventable violence in america  an examination of law enfor…
gina haspel is a brilliant leader  a dedicated public servant  and someone uniquely qualified for the job of cia di…
last week  i had the opportunity to meet with isabel wallace  18  of washington township who was the grand prize wi…
 live   we examine the president s management agenda  providing a workforce for the 21st century  📺…
earlier today  i spoke with  cappressroom about infrastructure legislation and the just passed bipartisan budget de…
today  i attended the trent trumbo easter feed in fayetteville  it is a wonderful opportunity to serve our communit…
president trump s order to unwind the burdensome and arbitrary  wotus  is a big win for farmers & ranchers in rural…
rt  financialcmte  with the help of acting  bcfpdirector mulvaney  we re reigning in the most powerful & least accountable govt agency  cfp…
thoughts and prayers for barbara bush a first lady  woman and mother of true class and dignity  rip 
great to catch up with my former  fa  subcommittee staffer  javi  in my washington  dc  office  ever since my younges…
rt  scactionnetwork  thank you  repblainepress   repjoekennedy &  congmikesimpson for cosponsoring the reach act  we re looking forward to…
martha & i enjoyed hosting 5th graders & their parents from madison academy for a tour of the u s  capitol yesterda…
conducting oversight of  uscbo s scoring of cmmi  tune in ➟ medicare obamacare
as co-chair of the israel victory caucus with my colleague  repdesantis  i am encouraged to see the us embassy will…
today  whitehouse released their infrastructure plan  it includes much needed reforms to federal permitting and app…
happy tax day  today  we can officially say goodbye to our broken tax code  thanks to the tax cutsand jobs act  tax day2018
i have read the fisa memo  which is why i joined 64 of my colleagues in urging the house intelligence committee to…
it s small business week  icymi   uscbo recently projected that  because of tax reform  about 1 million jobs will be…
 karenberan  klgoertzen  que_divertido i am a father who would never endanger a young child by putting it in a volatile situation  shame
rt  houseappropsgop  chairman  usreprodney statement on just-released emergency hurricane and wildfire funding legislation
rt  reppeteaguilar  thank you to  repcurbelo and my republican colleagues for demonstrating true leadership today  this is yet another exam…
beautiful morning for the 20th anniversary kendrick fincher youth run  happy to be a part of such a special event i…
are you in need of assistance in dealing with a federal agency  a member of my staff will be holding mobile office…
revenue from offshore drilling is critical to coastal restoration in louisiana  this week  i brought some house col…
rt  realdonaldtrump  today the house took major steps toward securing our schools by passing the stop school violence act  we must put the…
i added a video to a  youtube playlist north carolina msgoc luncheon
good luck to  andersonin_ s  team roboto  as they compete in their 4th consecutive first robotics state championshi…
i had the opportunity to spend time with the hardworking  dedicated folks from seminole electric  their operation i…
joining  msnbc s  alivelshi at 11 05 am et  8 05 am pt  to discuss the recent health care proposal 
thank you to  ibew for meeting with me to discuss beaver valley power station & bruce mansfield power plant  it is…
a great piece from  sentoomey on vietnam veterans day   we should remind ourselves  our friends  and our families t…
w/ all this complexity  it s up to social security  the irs  & states to work together to get it right  but that doesn t always happen
watch live   waysandmeansgop social security subcommittee hearing on need for social security to have a senate-conf…
meeting with an incredibly bright group of  myccs high schoool students who are in dc to compete in the national co…
icymi  fcc  mikeofcc joined me in western new york last month and we called on  nygovcuomo to stop diverting fees c…
my staff is ready to help you russellville  stop by my mobile office tomorrow at 11am at pope county senior activit…
congressman sensenbrenner names new chiefs of staff 
yesterday i spoke at the 20th annual commercial space transportation conference  here are my remarks  cst2017 
i m looking forward to tomorrow s  househomeland hearing with  fema administrator   fema_brock  to discuss the less…
enjoyed meeting with representatives from the kentucky beverage association this afternoon about next year s farm b…
california s central valley is one of the top producing agricultural regions in the world  the tax cuts and jobs ac…
another successful launch by spacex this early morning 
icymi  learn more about the key components that make up the annual budget resolution in this week s budget digest …
congratulations to dr  paul castillo of  uf for receiving a  200 000 young investigator grant to fight pediatric ca…
hernando & sumter county constituents  fema is opening disaster recovery centers in bushnell & brooksville 
like all of us  i m heartsick by these senseless and sickening shootings  as a dad  all i can think about is the de…
rep  massie  don t yield an inch   5 yr old speech  still applies  unfortunately 
joined  amandaleehouse and  mboyle1 on  siriusxmpatriot over the weekend to discuss  realdonaldtrump s strong stanc…
rt  housegop  last night   senatedems made the choice to side with political games over the health care of 9 million children  this is just…
 expect a stampede of companies handing out bonuses  raising pay  spending on capital projects and giving to charit…
watch  chairman  rephensarling discusses our continued efforts to roll back unnecessary regulations and help boost…
house intel did the right thing by voting to release the fisa memo  this will answer key questions involving the us…
rt  umr4nih  thank you  repkevinyoder for being a champion of nih funding & for your commitment to keep n i hstrong  thermofisherdc  american…
great to join  scotthennen on energy matters  listen live here 
the house voted this morning to expand sanctions on iran to stop their ballistic missile program  yesterday     
the brutal attacks on innocent syrians cannot go unanswered  president trump is right to join with our allies in re…
what are people & businesses in  ga09  doing with the benefits from tax reform   i m saving for my daughter s school…
learn more about the defending freedoms project on behalf of all prisoners of conscience 
rt  repjimbanks  say goodbye to our old tax code  thanks to the tax cuts & jobs act  today is the last tax day that you will have to file u…
rt  senrubiopress  my statement on the latest chemical weapons attack in syria
rt  dodsonadvocate  was great to meet  congressmangt at the alliance  toendhunger board meeting last fall and again briefly today at hunge…
rt  pres_hebert  honored to stand beside  repbuddycarter today at our armstrong campus as we hear from veterans and leaders about how to be…
today  speakerryan appointed me to the conference committee for legislation combating the opioid epidemic 
 the tax cut will prompt it to spend an additional  20 million on its 175 000-plus employees this year …
barbara bush died as she lived  a strong texas woman  my prayers are with the bush family 
president trump will talk immigration policy during tonight s  sotu   in my district there is significant support fo…
the house energy and commerce committee facebook hearing has wrapped up  but our work isn t done yet  i m about to…
deeply saddened to hear about the tragic loss of these brave americans  please join me in praying for their familie…
rt  foxnews    darrellissa rips  jerrybrowngov   agbecerra   making my state less safe  and endangering others
i stand with those that are in need and voted for the aid package on 9/6  but we can t keep raising our debt ceiling
thanks to all the folks who participated in our tele-town hall this evening  we couldn t get to every question  so…
february is c t e month  and i m proud to support career and technical education in high school and beyond  every stu…
rt  americanewsroom   if the democrats go down this path  it does enormous damage to a tradition of supporting presidential nominees--even…
 it s kind of like my two and a half-year old son  his teeth are not going to get brushed unless i make him brush h…
check those paychecks next month 
rt  financialcmte  happening now →  repannwagner chairs our hearing on oversight of the federal housing finance agency 
today i continued to question  epa on gen x  i want to thank  epascottpruitt for working with me on this issue  i r…
rt  leeannemynbc5  happening now   repstefanik discussing veterans issues with local veterans and veterans  advocates  is there a question…
rt  thejusticedept    deahq brings in record number of unused pills during 15th annual national prescription drug take back day — federal  s…
rt  repandybarr  thanks to the tax cutsand jobs act and our booming economy  the cbo revised its economic forecast to project the higher rate…
rt  housegop  happy birthday  reagan  we hope you like your  early  birthday present  tax cutsand jobs act 
  tylerpaper shared information about my visit to tyler  always great to be home in east texas 
next time  jayne 
renee  our son lane  and i would like to wish everyone a blessed and happy easter  as we spend this sacred day with…
rt  azchamber  representative schweikert getting straight to the point  talking the math of tax reform 
great meeting today with  citizensclimate  we had a productive discussion about climate change and renewable energy…
rt  mattsgorman  in a simulated r vs  d debate about tax reform  voters favor it 56%-27%  independents favor it 59%-27% 
proof that tax reform is working  businesses are investing in their workforce and we are growing our economy 
i am about to give a washington update on  wtaw1620  tune in or listen online
tax reform is working at home in  ga09   and meeting with job creators in blue ridge underscored the importance of e…
so pleased to see the good news   
happy teacher appreciation week to all the teachers in the 13th district  we thank you for your selfless work in ed…
rt  hascrepublicans  chairman  mactxpress on house passage of  fy18ndaa  - which passed the house 356-70
recently met w/ local realtors to discuss the upcoming reauthorization of the national flood insurance program  ho…
my goal  make our community safe  healthy  and strong  this week we worked to strengthen national defense  securit…
for many americans  tax day is dreadful  but this year there s reason for optimism because today is the last tax da…
important development  china is increasingly declining exports from north korea  interesting to see changes in patt…
  walmart joins the long list of companies raising wages  giving bonuses  and expanding opportunities for their emp…
today my bill  h r  1349  to restore the original intent of the wilderness act to allow bicycles  adaptive cycles …
thankful for the kind words of mr  dunn of sanford   lee county [is] a top priority for him…[walker is] a staunch s…
we had dozens of students interview today for a nomination to attend one of the u s  service academies  visit my we…
enforcement of laws is a must in a country of laws   dhs_ice has more than doubled it s enforcement on businesses…
i met with tibetan constituents who highlighted the difficulty of traveling to tibet to visit their families  addit…
rt  repbyrne  i went to the floor of the house to thank demarcus cousins   boogiecousins  for his commitment to  city_of_mobile 
delaying onerous obama-era  wotus  rule will give farmers and agriculture community the certainty they deserve  this…
wearing my special olympics socks today which were given to me by my good friend  rachel lewis  great organization…
rt  foxnews    toddrokita   the days of putting illegal criminal aliens ahead of the interests of their own constituency  i don t know wher…
rt  drnealdunnfl2  passed  my bill to expand veterans  access to organ transplants just passed  housevetaffairs --&gt 
rt  justinamash  one bill  2 232 pages of big government 
rt  repstefanik  the  fy19ndaa  is the most important national security legislation congress considers each year  and i m proud of the bipar…
rep  calvert pleased to announce southern california recipient of clean air grants
i appeared on cnn s newsroom with anna cabrera on saturday to discuss my proposal to force a vote on four immigrati…
us nuclear infrastructure council  us nuclear fleet among the oldest in the world  g o p energy solutions
excited for another chance to hear fort wayne native  christianad perform on  nbcthevoice  congratulations on being…
bills i introduced that passed  housecommerce today  hr 5333 - otc monograph safety  innovation  and reform act ✅…
congratulations  ladailypost on reaching your 6-year milestone  ---&gt 
rt  repanniekuster  communities & families across the country deserve real action to address the opioid epidemic  the bipartisan heroin tas…
tonight at 9pm et   potus will talk about the real results delivered during his first year in office  tune in →…
congratulations  secretary pompeo 
rt  franchising411   if businesses engaged in franchising can form ahps  they are poised to improve access to coverage at an accelerated ra…
from  fiatchrysler_na to  lakestonebank  companies across michigan have announced raises  bonuses  increased hiring…
looking forward to talking with  harrisfaulkner at 1 30 today on  foxnews 
rt  repgoodlatte  protect & grow american jobs act makes much-needed reforms to the h-1b program to curtail abuse of the system & protect a…
rt  replouiegohmert  talking to  reptedyoho &  repdavid at 4 30pm ct  be sure to tune in to the  seanhannity show to hear our discussion on…
rt  houseappropsgop  this morning  the labor  hhs subcommittee holds a hearing on the state of down syndrome research  watch live --&gt 
the omnibus included critical funding for programs to address deficiencies in mental health care  read my full sta…
it was great to be with constituents at the seneca rotary today  thanks for having me 
a story of courage and determination  a yazidi who served as a translator for american forces in iraq is now obtain…
breaking  the house just approved legislation i cosponsored to protect abortion survivors and the sanctity of all h…
 saltlakechamber happy that i could join all the way from dc  thanks for having me and enjoy the rest of the conference 
rt  wateraidamerica   800 million people --that s a number  but that s a lot of folks-- have to find access to clean water every day  becau…
chairman  repmarkwalker on earmarks   i worry that earmarks would allow the algae-infested waters to start filling…
at the  whitehouse with  potus for a roundtable discussion on sanctuary cities  watch live here 
i met with reps from the united postmasters and managers of america to discuss postal reform  it is important to en…
  repgosar   ngs and the mine provide 85% of the hopi and 22% of the navajo budgets   save n g s yes to n g s
our veterans represent the best of america  patriotism  selflessness  sacrifice and bravery  today  we honor and gi…
rt  michbio   repmikebishop addresses  umich opioid abuse briefing on capitol hill 
big news   realdonaldtrump has endorsed my landmark national security bill  the foreign investment risk review mode…
best of luck to the  richlandbball boys team as they compete for the aaa state championship in hershey 
i don t care what political party you belong to  sexual harassment does not belong in our society – this goes for m…
voted for the no sanctuary for criminals act   hr3003   and kate s law   hr3004   today to keep coloradans safe 
reminder for students  the deadline for this year s congressional art contest is wednesday april 4  2018  for more…
congratulations to gail wright on her retirement after dedicating nearly 30 years as executive director of the gate…
 and also  the kid is really good at dodgeball  
rt  jiminhofe  pleased to join  repmullin   stormchasers911  and  muskogeeva to discuss the opioid epidemic and veterans in claremore today…
talking to  afterthebell this afternoon at 3 35pm ct regarding all the breaking news this week  tune in to…
keep an eye out for savings on your power bill this month    great news thanks to tax reform 
the u s  needs to stand behind the protesters in iran  they are marching against a brutal islamist tyranny and this…
rt  fwd_us  thank you  repmialove  repcurbelo  repjeffdenham  repdavidvaladao  roslehtinen  mariodb  hurdonthehill for signing on to this d…
huge congrats to arielle gold of steamboat springs for taking bronze in women s halfpipe  all of us in colorado are…
conservatives fight to keep obamacare mandate repeal in tax bill fox news
i hope president trump will consider that there are other ways to address the rogue trade practices of countries like china 
rt  msft_military    repjackbergman at m s f tvets   microsoft recognizes the value of service and provides the springboard for the next step…
click here for a list of businesses all across the us that are using savings provided by the tax cutsand jobs act to…
it was great to see the talent of young artists across the  fl18  community showcased last night at our 2018 congres…
h r  5483  special registration for telemedicine clarification act of 2018  as amended  has been reported to the full cmte by voice vote 
chairman  drphilroe released this statement following the  deptvetaffairs inspector general s report on the dc va m…
rescinding unused federal funds is a commonsense and reasonable way to rein in washington s out-of-control spending…
i ve asked gov  ivey to expedite the widening of i-565  this is an investment in the future of the tennessee valley 
icymi – yesterday the house passed a bill to help students learn skills to find jobs  read more here 
brevard shelter update
in a few moments i m joining  halrowwhky to talk tax reform and more  listen live here →
chairman  repmccaul delivers  sonsa  at  gwcchs on u s  strategy against terror  improving cyber defenses  securing…
the consumer financial protection bureau s mission is supposed to be protecting consumers  and under  cfpbdirector…
had the pleasure of meeting with members of  wausaupd and their families in dc as they attend the  nleomf ceremony…
i m especially grateful for the selfless individuals who spend their days caring for the needs of others in their r…
it sure brings peace of mind knowing there s a great life flight operation out here in klickitat to bring better ac…
tomorrow   uscbo director dr  keith hall joins the committee to discuss the agency s annual budget and economic out…
visiting dc  let our office know so we can help schedule tours   al03 
good read   tax cuts work because you do a better job than government spending your money  -  repdianeblack via…
 reppaultonko  mr_nethers_iii  sensherrodbrown  senrobportman hi kenny  my va casework in our lancaster office migh…
thank you  kimguadagnonj 4 your work highlighting n j s proud tradition of supporting the military & why we are an…
  packers  get an a for jaire alexander after second trade of first round 
great to be in lawrence for the sunflower showdown  go state 
celebrating womens history month  meet deidra  a farmer  nurse  and dedicated hoosier in washington county →…
after the threat of only a three-day season last year  i am pleased to see an expanded red snapper fishing season f…
terrible  shocking news out of fayette county  please keep everybody in melcroft in your prayers today as we wait f…
rt  rsi    repkevinyoder helped lift one needless veil of bureaucracy  ilusasha  demandprogress  danielschuman
icymi  the mission zero act passed the house on monday - a big win for both our armed forces and american patients …
rt  reptomemmer  over the years the 1975 home mortgage disclosure act has expanded away from its original intent  to eliminate discriminato…
sub health announces hearing next week to review outdated law that impedes patient care and safety  following three…
great having the west virginia state building trades council in the office today to discuss their legislative prior…
 vickimiko so 2 u private brageous sex talk is a disgrace but keeping the lid on multiple charges of sexual assault  even rape not upsetting
attended the bwx technologies service awards ceremony last evening in evansville  thanked them for their commitment…
rt  waysandmeansgop  tomorrow is tax day and the good news is this is the last year you will have to file using the old  broken code  check…
tijuana river sewage spill continues to be a major problem for our area and is directly affecting our border patrol…
today brightline president patrick goddard called us on the treasure coast  narrow minded   you might want to consi…
tax facts  a little-known provision in tax reform creates  opportunity zones  by encouraging investment in communit…
icymi  talked to  varneyco on  foxbusiness this morning re  james comey s comments on cnn  watch the video here 
congress will be facing many important decisions when we return to washington next week  my chief priorities includ…
amen 
rt  asheville  rep  patrick mchenry said that trump  delivered a unifying message focused on the strength of the american people and the su…
rt  jaketapper  on saturday  marine cpl phillip baldwin receives his  homesforourtrps home in fort hall  id   hero…
i m very sad to hear of the passing of former first lady barbara bush  she was the rock of the bush family and i k…
today i voted to invest in our military  secure our borders  provide resources to combat the opioid crisis  protect…
turn into  cspan at 3 00 pm pst to see me speak out against the ever-growing federal footprint 
thank you to everyone who came out to participate in our stillwater and guthrie town hall meetings today 
lifting the outdated crude oil export ban means greater energy security & more jobs at home
importantly  the leg  will provide an historic investment in school safety plans including prevention training for…
thanks to the  aspca for promoting pet adoption today on capitol hill  the paws for luck event was a lot of fun for…
the house just voted to ensure your  2a  rights travel with you from state-to-state  my full statement on  hr38  her…
go army 
with today s  wotus  rule  the epa & obama administration have shut out rural america
today is tax day – the last one under our outdated tax code  read my statement here 
outside the vault w/the women of cache valley bank in sanpete co  community banks like this make a real difference…
rt  speakerryan  on behalf of the whole house  i want to extend best wishes this valentines day to a couple whose love story is more than…
today  i formally urged the president to weigh targeted action on steel tariffs  and consider the impacts broader a…
rt  michael_steel   our tax cuts are exactly what north carolina s families need    vp in  theobserver on how tax reform is helping the gr…
icymi  yesterday  i discussed with  mariabartiromo the state of the economy  the hearing with federal reserve chair…
he pointed to the anti-fraud enterprise solution  afes  data analytics software package 3/6
 the u s  economy added 164 000 jobs in april  and the unemployment rate fell to 3 9 percent — the lowest point sin…
a typical family of 4 making  59k a year will see a  1182 tax cut from the tax cuts and jobs act  now is the time for…
rt  speakerryan  the sad state of military readiness is unacceptable  today s vote on the bipartisan budget act delivers on our commitment…
  conawaytx11 talks  snap  & 2018 farm bill on  mikeadamsag  we came at this in the right way with the right heart  w…
ricky recently took part in his first national ms walk in washington  after 3 miles of walking  running  and tuggin…
rt  uschamber  at today s w&m committee hearing rep   vernbuchanan heard from  emerson_news chairman and ceo david farr on how taxreform i…
rt  reprichhudson  another announcement to add fuel to our growing economy  thanks to our tax cuts and jobs act  exxonmobil has announced t…
don t forget to send in your artwork for the 2015 congressional art competition 
good morning   in05   today  i will be participating in a  housecommerce hearing questioning  facebook ceo mark zuck…
oversight and investigations subcommittee chair  repannwagner leads today s hearing to further investigate how huma…
rt  asagrassroots   asawlc  now has the privilege of welcoming the honorable  repandyharrismd  co-chair of the  gopdoccaucus  member of the…
craft beer is a big deal in  nc10   i m proud to support the industry and all the good-paying jobs it has created &…
tina & i continue to send positive thoughts for your full recovery  honor to serve aside you  frank
our pro-growth policies are working  the unemployment rate in america has dropped to 3 9%  the lowest rate in nearl…
kate steinle s tragic death was completely preventable  rt if you agree 
i urge all alabamians to take advantage of hurricane preparedness week and prepare now instead of waiting until a st…
rt  sbgc2c    replahood on  senfranken   repjohnconyers   mooresenate   we shouldn t have people in elected office who have engaged in this…
rescissions  great tool to clean out the spending underbrush  hasn t been used in almost 20 yrs  and it gets us ar…
 if you re having a problem with a federal agency  call my red tape cutters at 361-884-2222    bobjonescc
rt  interior  outdoor recreation is part of our american heritage  new  60m cooperative agreement will engage boaters  anglers and outdoor…
rt  cathymcmorris  9 4 million businesses in america are owned by women  the tax cutsand jobs act was written with them in mind 
rt  shopfloornam  congrats  repholding on receiving the nam award for manufacturing legislative excellence 
rt  houseagnews    conawaytx11 &  secretarysonny get an aerial view of hurricaneharvey s impact on tx farmers & ranchers  texas strong htt…
looking forward to discussing fiscal responsibility at the  pgpfoundation fiscal summit with my friend and fellow…
congressman lance welcomed students from the u s  army war college to his capitol hill office today for a discussio…
what are your infrastructure project priorities  click here to take my survey 
from gogebic county to alcona county and everywhere in-between - michigan s 1st district backs the blue  to all o…
to everyone gathering to celebrate passover – chag sameach 
the committee opened a bipartisan investigation into allegations of  opioid dumping  into rural communities  such a…
important  federal programs that can help with irma recovery --&gt  sayfie
rt  daninierenberg  coming up next  bipartisan fireside chat moderated by  hbottemiller or  politico featuring  repnewhouse  r-washington …
one of my greatest blessings was having opportunity 2 work w & know this gallant leader in his quest 2 preserve our…
great discussion today  thanks for stopping by   pffw 
yesterday district staff presented proclamations to willoughby rotary club  service above self  award winners dan r…
israel is our strongest democratic & strategic ally in the middle east  & most importantly our friend  today  with…
be sure to watch  foxnews today at 1pm  i will be discussing last nights missile strikes on the assad regime s chem…
oklahoma s very own  ditchwitch highlighted some of their amazing products today at the white house made in america…
while  dhsgov has made strides in the last 15 years  the department has never been reauthorized  last year  the hou…
happening now  i m chairing the  rulesreps hearing  watch live here👇🏻
rt  parisburris    repjbridenstine at wreaths for tulsa   we re remembering all the people who have given their lives so that we could cele…
april was best month in history for u s  budget  according to cbo figures  read the story from the  washtimes here …
rt  cathymcmorris  we cannot let websites  like backpage  jeopardize the safety of our children because they turn a blind eye to sex traffi…
voted tonight to extend c h i pfunding for six years  keep the government open  and provide southwest washington resi…
committee on house administration 2nd annual legislative data and transparency conference just one week away  ldtc 
hoosiers – stay safe on your drive home today 
congratulations to  kuprovostneeli on being named the 18th president of louisville  you served ku well and i wish y…
rt  leadingagein  thanks rep  walorski for the time and talk with  leadingagein 
huge group in town with the  dsmpartnership - thanks for having me over to talk welfare reform  immigration reform …
i am glad to see this bipartisan bill to streamline regulations on ceiling fans and save consumers money signed int…
thank you to  loudobbs and the  foxbusiness team for correcting the record on my release the memo position  i believ…
i was delighted to welcome bright students from calvary lutheran in dallas to the capitol this afternoon  it is so…
yesterday  i visited  esboces gary d  bixhorn tech center to learn more about hunter shelters & the star mobile bat…
what an honor to be named  archrummel alumnus of the year  my faith in god was nurtured here and has been strength…
ahead of today s  hascrepublicans committee markup of the  fy19ndaa   i toured fort gordon in augusta & gained an en…
i look forward to the congressional art competition every year  and right now i am taking submissions from talented…
joining friends and families in  tn03  to observe good friday in remembrance of the sacrifice of our lord and savior 
rt  waysandmeansgop  but the ap didn t tell you  -savings for the banks pales in comparison to savings for american families -over 75% of t…
last month  the house passed  hr4851  to designate the landmark for peace memorial  which recognizes the speech give…
the house just passed hr-1  this legislation will  -bring american jobs back to america -grow our middle class -gi…
rt  waysandmeansgop  🛠️ home depot announced bonuses for all hourly employees  citing tax reform 
on this day 182 years ago  texas declared its independence from mexico  happy texas independence day to my fellow te…
rt  whitehouse  president trump proclaims april 2  2018  world autism awareness day  today is an opportunity to recognize and support all chi…
schumer shutdown feels more and more like a shakedown  who are the losers  children on  chip   men and women who ser…
rt  aarpor  raise family caregivers act will help support america s greatest support system  family caregivers  thank you   repgregwalden  h…
for years  the  cfpb worked in its own interest without any accountability & transparency  it s a relief to see pro…
rt  morningsmaria  rep  poe  not our plan to remove assad from syria w/  judgetedpoe
excellent news  was great to join some of the  homedepot employees in inver grove heights just the other week and g…
yesterday i spoke to a group of more than 70 social work students from  uofalabama   uabnews   uahadmissions  and…
rt  sbalist  as a father to 4 and a grandfather to 16  i strongly support the sanctity of life  i will do everything in my power to continu…
what an honor to welcome the 1st place winner of mi11 s art competition nathan adkins to the  uscapitol where his a…
 last year  more than  27 billion in imports from china came through seattle and tacoma cargo terminals  with an ad…
it was an honor to recognize this year s  mo4  military academy nominations at my academy appointee reception  i m s…
rt  houseagnews    conawaytx11 ca a critical stop as we travel across the u s  gathering input for the next farm bill
today is the vets assistance fair in sault ste marie  if you are a vet who needs help w benefits  come by the national guard armory before 2 
on transformationtuesday  check out the  housegop plan to transform our broken  complicated  & dated tax code …
rt  jecrepublicans  looking for wednesday wisdom  check out our new podcast hosted by chair  pattiberi with guest  repdavid
attended the brookhaven fire dept & manorville community ambulance installations this past weekend w/ some of ny-1 …
rt  waysandmeansgop  simpler tax code for all americans  ✅lower tax rates ✅larger standard deduction ✅no more special interest tax breaks h…
 sunpicturedesk yes 
breaking  chairmen  tgowdysc and  repgoodlatte request information on daniel richman s handling of comey memos re…
  potus leg director marc short just made his first sunday show appearance on fox  he needs to be on the air more often  great job  -tc
i did not support roy moore when he won the republican nomination and now he must be replaced on the ballot  the…
 government doesn t grow business and government doesn t create jobs  talking economic growth on  jasensokol  1590wakr
the house just passed the music modernization act by a bipartisan vote of 415-0  this is a historic step toward ensu…
 diamondandsilk  i couldn t just walk up in here  don t you secure your house   borderpatrol immigration
once again  thanks to everyone at 20/20 custom molded plastics for the tour today  great to see what the tax cuts a…
i was excited to congratulate  mn02   s winner of the congressional app challenge  ross waataja  and visit him at bu…
rt  jecrepublicans  as  waysandmeansgop begins taxreform hearing at 10am review our reasons for tax reform
rt  scactionnetwork   we have to give every child the tools to succeed   we know we must do more   we need your energy and support on capit…
rt  wrhi  audio  u s  congressman speaks to york co  chamber of commerce
i m glad to be in the fight against opioid abuse with  realdonaldtrump and  flotus  this week  housecommerce will c…
rt  reptipton  icymi  congress has been cracking down on human trafficking  looking forward to seeing the allow states and victims to figh…
great to hear from everyone at today s roundtable  azparker chamber of commerce  i enjoyed discussing how we can wo…
gov  brown did the right thing by lowering the flag to honor ssg  eric c  schenck of placerville killed in a traini…
kicking off my constituent town hall in wyomissing with the first question 
  secelainechao this morning at  transport hearing  infrastructure is the backbone of our country s economy  a key…
 mikecrapo  tylerricksid thank you senator 
to our veterans who have so selflessly served our nation  thank you  and god bless you all 
i hope that today s hearing sheds further light on the failures of information sharing systems as well as the need…
let s all take time to reflect on dr  martin luther king jr s inspiring & healing words   otd  54 years ago  he deli…
great to throw out the first pitch before today s  mariettacollege baseball game   ettaexpress_mc
rt  housejudiciary  chairmen  repgoodlatte and  tgowdysc release key takeaways from the parkland shooting after a meeting with fbi deputy d…
america and her allies have a clear and compelling national security interest to deter such behavior by using milit…
deeply saddened to hear about the passing of  louiseslaughter  she will be missed in the halls of congress  my pray…
rt  citygrandrapids  city clerk s office now offering notary services
rt  ptenfoundation   repmobrooks came to welcome p t e npatientsymposium2018 guests to huntsville  al  pictured with  ptenfoundation board me…
enjoyed seeing some of the high-quality work being done at donaldson filtration solutions in bloomington  donaldson…
  whitehouse infrastructure plan released today  i applaud  potus efforts to rein in epa w/ section 404 reforms  i …
more american workers will see bonuses since tax reform was enacted tax cutsand jobs act
today at our  housesmallbiz hearing on  job creation  competition  & small business  role in the u s  economy  we d…
the tireless dedication of nurses to the wellbeing of our children  parents  spouses  and friends supports and stre…
rt  repmarkmeadows  members of the  freedomcaucus sent the below letter to the wh   mr  president  we urge you to remember the countless f…
 mosesthegolden1  klgoertzen majority of voters decide who will be their rep  pressuring rep 2 renege on promises 2 voters is thug politics
chairman  repkevinbrady in  dcexaminer   according to the national federation of independent business  the share of…
since 1997  the ex-im bank has subsidized almost  75 billion in loans to foreign   
tomorrow is my next tele-town hall from our nation s capital to discuss important issues and answer your questions …
rt  gopleader  breaking → the house just voted 356–70 to give our troops a well-deserved pay raise—their largest increase in 8 yrs  👍
it s time for congress to act on data privacy  all too often we only examine the problem  rather than work to fix it
organizations like  villageskids make a real difference in people s lives  i was honored to visit their elkhart off…
half of small-business owners are now expecting to see tax cuts in 2018 
next up is our student leadership panel of currently enrolled college students   sls2018 
we remember the millions of lives lost during the holocaust  including 6 million jews  today is holocaust remembran…
i m humbled by this honor and i look forward to speaking on tuesday about equality  dream act  combatting anti- se…
the submission deadline for the congressional art competition is less than a month away  if you re a high school ar…
according to u s  news  nebraska has ranked 7th in the top 10 best states in america 
did you know  only 6% of current unionized private sector workers voted for their union representatives  heritage→https //t co/ytz0sgzks1
on monday  i joined  realdonaldtrump in nashville for the signing of two executive orders for broadband expansion …
rt  robwittman  ✅  fy19ndaa  passed through committee  amazing work by all of my colleagues and staff tonight  full statement 
rt  repkclark  families everywhere are battling the opioid epidemic  but only 1 in 10 who experience substance use disorder get the treatme…
today  the house voted to move to conference committee bringing us one step closer to fulfilling our promise to pro…
thurs   9am   housejudiciary will examine the effect of sanctuary city policies on the ability to combat the…
burdensome regulation is 1 of greatest hindrances to the economy - especially last minute rules absent oversight …
rt  jecrepublicans  at the n a f t a trade talk hosted by  thehillevents  chairman  reperikpaulsen notes two good scenarios  first  a completed…
subcommittee chairman  repkevinyoder statement on fy19 legislative branch funding bill   first and foremost  i made…
while dc is paralyzed because of the snow ❄️ storm  i m taking this time to catch up with  co06  constituents before…
my heart is full of sadness & gratitude after attending officer ryan morton s funeral  he was beloved by all--a son…
rt  wateraidamerica   it s not just a humanitarian crisis  it s a security crisis  --  judgetedpoe on lack of clean water world water day  b… 
rt  housegop  humantrafficking is an epidemic  a human rights crisis  and it must end 
the committee has finished consideration of the cra now the committee will consider the make america secure appropriations act 
rt  perrysicecream  thank you  repchriscollins for the anniversary wishes 
thank you  uschamber for honoring me with the spirit of enterprise award 
rt  vp  landed in peru & honored to be at the  summitamericas on behalf of  potus & the american people  just completed an important meetin…
it s been one year since we held our hearing on why the u s  desperately needed to update our old  broken tax code …
after serving time in prison re-entry into society poses many challenges  the first step act helps reduce that l…
the 2018 congressional art competition is now underway  interested high school students from  va06  must submit entr…
apple ceo tim cook   i do believe the corporate tax side will result in job creation and a faster growing economy  …
rt  repseanduffy    potus is right  through us trade negotiations we can help lower our prescription drug costs for all americans
rt  andrewschwabnj   riponsociety  3 gop reps from different wings of party give talk entitled  where we agree   repmarkwalker  repcharlied…
rt  iowafuel  visiting with  reprodblum of iowa s first district  thank you congressman for supporting ethanol and r f s works 
reading this article during national police week2018 reminds me how lucky we are for law enforcement  my family & i…
rt  hurdonthehill  tune in  the m g tact was an important first step to update our federal it systems & provide a better service to the amer…
this annual visit is very special to me  and it always serves as an important reminder that those who wear the unif…
i support president trump s decisive action in syria today  which asserted the strength of america s b-1 fleet  que…
great to meet with  wanationalguard adjutant general bret daugherty and major kosik today  grateful for more than 8…
great to be in chatham county on this beautiful morning to listen to farmers and the agriculture community on the f…
glad to see the state of north dakota take advantage of the community development incentive program created by the…
 maria61187273 thank you for your advocacy and passion for such a great cause  keep up the great work  together we will make a difference 
i m pleased to join  govmattbevin to announce a  3 4 million project to help fix water issues in martin county  ky …
to thwart debate of your own ideas is not leadership — it s cowardice and obstructionism 
  sheriffcitrus declared a local state of emergency & mandatory evacuation of residents in certain areas  more info 
the tax cuts & jobs act doesn t stand in the way of missouri families and it rewards success  here s how 
spent nuclear fuel doesn t belong in our communities  yesterday  i led a letter to the  houseappropsgop in support…
happy bill of right s day  can you name all ten amendments in order   ca08 
tax reform is making a real difference for families and for workers right here at home in  tx08   check out how lar…
chairman  petesessions now welcomes the  houseagnews chairman  conawaytx11 to testify on h r  2  the agriculture and nutrition act of 2018 
while we certainly don t agree on everything  we have always treated each other with respect  and it s great for so…
  amer1canthighs thanks for your question  ask buddy
discussed the companies who have given employee bonuses  pay raises  and invested in the economy since the…
congressman griffith s e-newsletter  bringing back options for health insurance  self-driving cars  tax reform
as we continue to address the opioidepidemic and improve mental health care  this waiver will be crucial in giving…
may barbara bush always be remembered for her incredible faith  unwavering loyalty  and deep love for her country a…
click to watch my fb live reaction to the  sotu  ➡️
happening now  the committee will host its annual members  day hearing  tune in live as members of congress share…
the tax cuts and jobs act is a win for hardworking americans  updating the tax code will produce better jobs  fairer…
rt  housecommerce  news   housecommerce leaders call on facebook ceo mark zuckerberg to testify &gt &gt 
had a great visit to g a09 s riverside military academy this morning  speaking with young people about building cha…
rt  sanantonio_300  on 5/5 & 5/6  sa will salute its military history with a weekend of programming at fort sam houston  open to the public…
the house has passed a budget so we can move forward with tax reform  i believe we can get this done for america s working class families 
as  potus  realdonaldtrump just said  the reason we got all the nonsense in this omnibus is the broken  antiquated…
at 9 am chairman  petesessions will manage the rule for the hurricane supplemental  debt limit  cont approps  & flood insurance package 
fleming county judge executive larry foxworthy and i toured toyo seat this morning and met with plant manager kevin…
this just in → house budget chairman  rep_stevewomack appointed by  speakerryan to the joint select committee on bu…
rt  gdecd  the georgia-korea bond is strong  while all eyes are on pyeong chang18 for the winter olympics  we couldn t be prouder to have s…
about to call into tom roten show  talking facebook syria and special counsel   800_wvhu  tomroten
my op-ed in  ijropinion → facebook has a big trust problem  they have an opportunity to make it right 
this withdraw should be a cautionary tale for future administrations seeking to bypass and disregard congress whi…
tried something new tonight - twitter q&a - we will do it again soon  have to run to the  sotu 
flooding from harvey
rt  housegop  more is better → 90% of everyday americans will be seeing more in their paychecks this month  the tax cutsand jobs act is worki…
rt  vp  en route to  nasa_marshall w/  robert_aderholt  natl space council ed scott pace & policy dir  daris meeks to discuss space program…
rt  pascogovaffairs  congratulations  repgusbilirakis on receiving the moffitt momentum award  pasco proud  moffittnews
enjoyed attending the jasper-lake sam rayburn area chamber of commerce 99th annual chairman s banquet on friday  co…
this exciting and visionary achievement will inspire young people all over the united states to become scientists a…
rt  teamcavuto  house judiciary chair goodlatte to neil  american people want neutral  unbiased  and professional investigations  repgoodla…
it s time for sugarreform  read more here 
those of us in central texas know that snakes are not something you want to mess with  please take the time to read…
rt  embamexeua  ambassador  geronimo__gf and representative  mariodb florida met today  they exchanged views on the bilateral relationship…
rt  hascrepublicans  chrm  mactxpress opening remarks -  hasc 
rt  usmc  73 years ago today  marines on iwo jima raised the flag atop mount suribachi  semper fidelis 
rt  repdianeblack  icymi  107 of my colleagues joined my letter to  speakerryan   gopleader &  stevescalise urging them to do everything in…
  mayamacguineas  sandydavisbpc testify before the committee during our final  uscbo oversight hearing  watch our s…
today we honor & remember our  powmia  who made the ultimate sacrifice to keep us safe & free  you are not forgotten 
rt  realclearpolicy  opinion | congress must fund the international thermonuclear experimental reactor  lamarsmithtx21  housescience  itero…
today s bill also addresses natural disaster mitigation efforts  by taking the right steps in resilient constructio…
checking out progress on hurricane harvey recovery in aransas county on the rockport-fulton chamber of commerce bus…
read my letter to  potus in the  freebeacon about how france  germany  and others are free riding on america s inno…
rt  repmccaul  i m looking forward to tomorrow s  househomeland hearing with  fema administrator   fema_brock  to discuss the lessons learn…
rt  cmucoachbono  our team will be honoring the memory of legendary sports caster and cmu alum dick enberg today with this  oh my   helmet…
today   housecommerce is continuing our work to help combat the opioid crisis  included in today s markup is a bill…
i thank  potus for signing the  ndaa  into law today  which will rebuild our military  grow our armed forces  oblite…
i voted no on the omnibus  i do not accept the standard washington presumption that nothing in the budget can be c…
  repdougcollins and i are fighting for a music marketplace that works better for all  i m pleased to co-sponsor hi…
  tgowdysc  we must find a common sensical plan rooted in fact and evidence for reentry  for assimilation  for rejo…
great to meet with mark sutton and ron runyan from  milegion today to discuss important veterans issues 
 the fairest and most effective tax system is one with low rates across a broad base  
rt  dp_shea   reppaulcook condemns china over forced harvesting reports   vvdailypress
great discussion about climatechange  sealevelrise and the future for climatesolutions  thanks for having me 
honored to speak with fellow floridians who are in washington for the 45th annual marchfor life  all human life is…
 housecommerce announced  facebook ceo mark zuckerberg will testify at a hearing next wed  in the wake of the priva…
fact check  the non-partisan cbo confirms that  realdonaldtrump rescissions are not eliminating children s healthca…
reason five  it provides relief from obamacare s individual mandate 
this bill will  ☑️provide critical funding for chip  giving it a 6-yr extension ☑️ delay the implementation of th…
rt  repbonamici  thank you  skillscoalition for supporting my bipartisan partners act w  repdrewferguson to expand work-based learning and…
barbara bush will always be remembered for her grace  courage  and strength  she was a woman of tremendous charact…
house democrats tried to block your representatives from seeing the fisa memo – senate democrats have blocked fundi…
today i had the honor to meet  op_homefront military child of the year rebekah paxton  from my hometown in harrison…
rt  househomeland  icymi → watch subcommittee chairman  repjohnkatko s opening statement from today s hearing on improving aviation securit…
charles neville was a legendary new orleanian and an amazing musician  our whole community is praying for the nevil…
grammys on the hill stop by judiciary chair rep  bob goodlatte s office for quick jam session  g r a m m ys on the hill
90% of working americans will see an increase in net pay  thanks to tax reform  and today is payday for millions of…
the committee will meet on tuesday  september 5  at 4pm on h r  3354 — the make america secure and prosperous appropriations act  2018
saddened by the news of rev  billy graham s passing  he inspired countless people all over the world with his minis…
our tax reform plan will lower tax rates for families/businesses  simplify the tax code & make u s  more competitive in global marketplaces 
on the dennis prager show  where dr  sebastian gorka and i will be discussing the persecution of christians and rel…
400 companies and counting  welcome to the tax reform club  carters
rt  farmcredit  that s a wrap for farm to tablet  harvesting the potential of technology  thanks to  austinscottga08 &  repdankildee for co…
i also look forward to hearing about social security s efforts to hire our veterans 
as a member of  houseintelcomm  it was made clear to me that  huawei cannot be trusted & would pose a security thre…
rt  foxnews  president  realdonaldtrump   we believe that a strong nation must have strong borders   supporters chant   build the wall  bu…
oped from subcommittee chairman luetkemeyer   under mulvaney s leadership  the  cfpb  can finally live up to its nam…
always great to speak with our coastal maine fishermen  father and son josh and alex  and emily from…
honored to have  cny  advocate teresa woolson as my guest for this evening s  sotu  as we continue our fight to comba…
rt  foxandfriends  rep   jim_jordan  james comey leaked these potentially classified memos to people in the fbi who have either been fired…
rt  mbausa  thank you for joining us  mikekellypa  view photos from today s legislative luncheon at
at heart of healthcare is the doc-patient relationship  if threatened  quality care can be compromised better way
if this happened--government working with one campaign to dress up a fake news report as intelligence  then taking…
we are the west
earlier today  my veteran advisory panel conducted our quarterly in-person meeting in bangor  touching on several d…
terrible news of a terror attack in manhattan  i m keeping all new yorkers and law enforcement in my thoughts tonig…
rt  foxbusiness    replukemesser   it just gives you an example of how out of touch the democrats are   they literally are starting to put…
traverse city made huffington post s  10 american spots you don t know about yet  but should  list 
rt  repkevinyoder  great guest column in  foxnews by  replynnjenkins  comparing  housegop tax plan with 2012 kansas plan  lazy analysis    …
 defendourfuture thank you   defendourfuture for the opportunity to talk about these important issues  and all thos…
thank you bollman industries for the wool scouring tour this morning american made matters
i just wanted to send a quick note to let everyone know caroline and i are fine  we were on the train headed to a r…
rt  royblunt  on military spouse appreciation day  i want to recognize the men & women who are truly the backbone of our military strength  t…
i had a great time  melinda  the future of ag is bright with leaders like you 
rt  morningedition  rep   warrendavidson  r-ohio  on the  1 3 trillion spending bill   i will vote no  
from  wfmy   _gcschoolsnc will provide meals to school-age children monday to help with families impacted by the st…
rt  foxnews    repdesantis   it answers the question about did the  fbi used this democrat party-funded dossier to obtain surveillance - an…
for folks affected by last week s tornadoes and high wind damage in malden and matthews  you can learn more about h…
today we commemorate the death of our lord and savior jesus christ   he himself bore our sins in his body on the cr…
mckee foods  america s largest privately owned snack bakery  surprised employees with bonuses because of the the…
day 19 for 31 reasons4 tax reform→ our tax code can work better for american start-ups  small businesses & entreprene…
  senatorlankford & i have asked  usgao to investigate the use of special tax-exempt bonds to finance construction…
thanks   pd_schools  i always enjoy spending time with our future leaders 
thank you to my friend  tonykatz for the idea to make bonuses tax-free  i m excited to be rolling out the  crumbs  a…
there are over 150 000 small businesses in nebraska  with 391 000 nebraskans employed by them  small business week
this morning  i joined at&t mississippi at their tower site for the launch of fixed wireless…
rt  repcomstock  we had a great discussion with  jaytimmonsnam  ceo of  shopfloornam  and the hardworking employees at  thermofisher in mid…
this is why i stay away from health foods  via  wsj 
tomorrow  i will be hosting a  conference call with your congressman  at 6 00 p m  cdt 
welcome back  chip morris  great to have you back on the air  radio  familiar voice anchors the morning goat
 my colleagues on both sides of the aisle and i agree that our great lakes are a national treasure and must be prot…
great news  the house just passed the conference report for the tax cuts and jobs act  this bill is a win for east…
merry christmas  franking commission votes to end ban on holiday greetings 
congratulations to our new secretary of state mike pompeo  i wish him and  realdonaldtrump all the best as they add…
we have the opportunity to make american businesses more competitive in the international market  the time is now …
rt  sbgc2c  c2 c   rep la hood calls for bipartisan effort on infrastructure   roads aren t republican or democrat   khqa  c2c 
happy constitution day2016  we have a better way plan to restore the balance of power  visit
proud that my tailor act was one of the bills passed  this legislation will allow small banks and credit unions to…
i was proud to help  gdrta compete for the  2 3 million grant they just received from  usdot   read  more via…
i was honored to attend  potus  state of the union address tonight  he gave us many challenges  we have much work t…
rt  kennedynation  you are a hopeless narcissist  you should only talk to a therapist 
i m pleased that my bill preserving the civil rights history in arkansas is now law  this is exciting news because…
fy18 interior bill invests  1 1b in superfund program  a  28m boost/ 354m above request for hazardous waste cleanup 
our legislation will make sure homeschool families have the same opportunities and resources that every other student has 
we have much to be thankful for today and everyday  so from my family to yours  happy thanksgiving  enjoy a very h…
today is military spouse appreciation day  thank you to the men & women who show support to our service members each…
more than 76% of all individuals filing taxes in  oh07  use the standard deduction  we re going to double that deduc…
rt  realdonaldtrump  join me live for the  sotu 
 the doe and its laboratories are advancing projects that will keep the u s  at the forefront of science and innova…
taking care of our veterans remains one of my top priorities and it is great to see the hard work of our local va recognized 
today is world hemophilia day & this year s theme is  sharing knowledge makes us strong   learn more about this rare…
 dombek13 do u believe those who believe abortion is taking life of baby should be forced to pay for abortions 
 defendourfuture  epascottpruitt i ve never been a fan of  epascottpruitt s policies  whether it was his public dou…
yesterday at  hasc  i called on  senatedems to dislodge defense funding for the military because of the various reas…
tonight the committee will meet at 5pm on the ndaa conference report & the 21st century flood reform act  watch the…
unbelievable  this is money that will help families put food on the table 
russia s clear violation of british sovereignty was dangerous and wrong as was its use of a military-grade nerve ag…
i commend the tens of thousands of americans participating in  march_for_life  tragically  there have been over 60…
  morningconsult discusses my drone bill  safeguarding america s skies act  and why it s a problem that we still us…
announcing major policy decisions on twitter is a dumb idea  thank you
rep  sensenbrenner &  repjohnconyers urge ag sessions to reconsider  thejusticedept policies on asset forfeiture
since we passed tax cuts  roughly 3 million workers have already gotten tax cut bonuses – many of them thousands of…
watch our homeland full committee hearing with  fema_brock titled  preparedness  response  and rebuilding  lesson…
rt  robertharding    sbalinda here for a small business round table   repjohnkatko and  reptenney here  too 
claim from dems  open jobs require skills  according  bls_gov  nearly 3/4 of job openings over the next 10yrs will…
usually when we talk about state & local workers & social security  we talk about how many of them aren t covered by social security
you re too kind  gyrig_kc  thank you for fighting against colorectalcancer 
safe disposal of prescription drugs = safe kids  nati  prescription drug take back day is this sat  from 10am–2pm
enjoyed meeting with northeast ohioans yesterday who were in town attending  aipac s policy conference  congress re…
money used to purchase guns  ammo  and other hunting equipment for species like turkeys all go back into…
i was proud to reintroduce the federal spectrum incentive bill w/  dorismatsui  learn more 
employee rights act would ensure workers  voices are heard  → via  thehill
my prayers go out to all affected in this morning s amtrak train derailment along i-5 in wa 
rt  fwd_us    repdavidvaladao  this is a great opportunity again on members on both sides of the aisle   we ve got to move forward and supp…
rt  ap  u s  employers added a robust 200 000 jobs in january  and wages rose at the fastest pace in more than eight years 
investments  jobs  and businesses flowing *into* america  why  it s pretty simple   recent u s  tax reforms  →
rt  arkbroadcast  thanks  repfrenchhill and staff for breakfast this morning  broadcasters thank you for your continued support  broadcast…
administrator pruitt also said he has no plans to eliminate the great lakes advisory board  which allows stakeholde…
thompson issues statement following president trump s first state of the union address | congressman glenn thompson
today  we remember the 11 million victims  including six million jews  murdered during the holocaust 
house just unanimously passed my bill hr 3179 to help educate & empower student borrowers  read about it here 
kim - senate dems voted down friday a 6yr chip authorization  its longest since program created  to then agree to i…
wishing you and your loved ones a very happy thanksgiving 
alaina archambault is one impressive 11 year old  just last year  her advocacy for lymphedema research and educatio…
getting ready for today s  housecommerce hearing with mark zuckerberg about facebook s user data policies  tune in…
born in victor idaho  breezy johnson first strapped on the skis at age 3  as a kindergartener she competed for the…
the chaplain corps is historically a religious institution that should meet the faith-based needs of service member…
on floor to discuss dairy industry provisions included in last week s bipartisan budget act that reformed the  mpp  margin protection program
solutions like tax reform and trade promotion authority would go a long way toward helping north carolina s middle class 
rt  sambassartist  a painting of mine from 33 years ago to honor dale earnhardt on his birthday    
my thoughts and prayers are with the bush family during this difficult time  i had a chance to spend time with barb…
oversight of the people s government is one of my most important duties in congress  the folks of the 3rd district…
visiting with us bank employees in salem who are receiving bonuses and larger paychecks as a result of the…
education is critical to the future successes of our next generations  we must invest in kids and give them access t…
congrats to commercial metals company on their newest state-of-the-art steel micro mill in durant  an investment in…
thank you to my colleagues in congress for passing a bill i introduced with  repteddeutch to defend our veterans ag…
rt  scports  beautiful day for the inland port dillon grand opening  s c ports theworldconnectshere
there has been a lot of hateful and divisive language coming from our national leaders  i m proud to say that s not…
sub energy to hold legislative hearing on four nuclear energy bills next week &gt &gt 
happy passover  chag sameach  wishing all those who celebrate a joyous holiday 
rt  pastatepolice  our thoughts are with all members of the u s  marshal s service and the family of deputy u s  marshal christopher david…
today we took another step to hold bad actors accountable and to end trafficking  i m glad this important legislati…
on this national dayof prayer we join together to give thanks for our many blessings   this is the day that the lord…
what is wrda  why does it matter  the water resources development act authorizes america s water infrastructure -…
last year  we added 1 7 million jobs  the stock market broke records  and congress passed a tax reform bill that s…
my bipartisan bill passed the house today  and will give more individuals and entrepreneurs access to loans  re…
heart disease is 1 cause of death in women  as cochair  i m proud of bipartisan heart&stroke caucus  work to raise…
great interview this morning by eisenhower high school students seven sassano and makayla plowman  they weren t afr…
ny has some of the highest surcharges on cell phone bills for 911 services  meant to improve the way callers are pi…
rt  housegop  for the first time since 2000  the unemployment rate has fallen below 4%  our pro-growth policies  like the tax cutsand jobs ac…
i m heading to the  housefloor to manage the rule for the omnibus  watch live on  cspan 
last week the house passed a 5-year reauthorization of the faa  included were 3 amendments i offered which broadly…
rt  senatorbrowne  if you re in one of these pa counties  it is crucial that you look before you leave for adult spotted lanternfly hitchhi…
great to meet with the build indiana council this morning  it is critical that hoosiers have safe and reliable tran…
tax reform is allowing you to crank up the ac this summer for less     how  by helping to lower utility costs in 48…
 montyparker14 thanks  monty  i will continue to vote with t x25 s best interest in mind
tomorrow s  househomeland hearing is  fema_brock s first appearance before the committee  this will allow us to get…
🎻 having a fun-filled & educational afternoon w/the talented indianapolis symphony orchestra s metropolitan youth  …
cedar rapids representing in washington  dc  thanks to  cityofcriowa mayor brad hart   crcitymanager jeff pomeranz…
president trump made the right decision to allow for the release the memo to the american people  the memo demons…
the innovative  incredible  iprepacademy in downtown  cityofmiami is a  usnewseducation best florida high school …
rt  iowabio  we had a chance to discuss lowering regulatory burdens toward spurring innovation along with biofuels and trade policy with…
rt  repdennisross  excellent bipartisan fl delegation meeting this morning  all in agreement we will not support supplemental in current fo…
important pecan acres community meeting in new roads happening tonight  homeowners are working towards the next bi…
rt  housecommerce  icymi  chairman  repgregwalden s tough    s for  deahq on their lack of response to our pilldumping investigation opio…
great meeting with  indianaec on their work to find innovative solutions to bring faster  more reliable broadband c…
rt  tamu  pass it back  ags  a student-organized remembrance ceremony to celebrate the life of former first lady barbara bush is scheduled…
no matter what side of politics you re on  today we can all celebrate that 3 americans are on their way home thanks…
rt  reptomreed  thanks to my good friend  repcharliedent for his work on the problem solvers caucus
congratulations to the lamoureaux twins from grand forks who will be representing the u s  on the women s hockey te…
happy 70th birthday   usairforce  thanks to all texans and americans for their great service to our country  a f bday
collins applauds funding for niagara falls air reserve station fitness center american budget -
this timely quote by native texan  adm  chester nimitz  is forever etched in our history at the entrance to the…
happy teacher appreciation week to all of the hardworking teachers in  sc07  and across the country who dedicate them…
rt  jacobcurtis  vietnam veteran honored years later with  russellhaythorn for  denverchannel
we ve had some special puppies in our lives     and it appears that hazel has a licking…
joining  tuckercarlson in a few minutes  tune in to  foxnews 
when votes are called  we take meetings on the go   so glad to meet with two representatives of the texas manufactu…
monday  october 30 is the deadline for  md01  students to submit their military service academy applications 
rt  wrhi  audio   repralphnorman votes against spending bill
✔️ your paychecks  thanks to tax reform take home pay is ⬆️
i joined art franklin this morning on  wiat42 to discuss the omnibus that was signed into law last week  catch up h…
taxreform is a once-in-a-generation opportunity  it means more jobs  higher wages & a stronger economy 
  shannonbream reports on  housescience hearing about epa s concerning lack of transparency w/ regulatory data
rt  waysandmeansgop  bipartisan house and senate trade leaders release statement regarding the u s -korea trade agreement ⇒
today the house passed my bill - hr1873  the electricity reliability and forest protection act w/bipartisan support 
rt  westerncaucus  today  50  members and stakeholders called on pres   realdonaldtrump    secretaryzinke   secretarysonny and the  forests…
rt  repmimiwalters   we introduced  fosta  because it is heartbreaking to watch survivors struggle to piece their lives back together while…
the house has made great strides in combating sex trafficking by passing  fosta    my amendment  but there is still…
just met with three of our san bernardino supervisors  now on my way to a classified meeting with…
rt  ahmetsyayla   reppittenger by all accounts  turkey  once a strong and important ally in the fight against communism  has become an au…
today  the reverend billy graham will lie in honor in the rotunda of the united states capitol  rest in peace 
countdown to a new tax code continues  small businesses will soon be able to better compete in the global marketpla…
rt  housegop  today on human trafficking awareness day  let s remember that the work to end human trafficking continues  why  because every a…
this morning s hearing to review the fy19 budget request for the veterans health administration will begin at 10  s…
chairman  mactxpress  assad s use of chemical weapons against innocent civilians is unacceptable  equally concerni…
  speakerryan is a dear friend who has served with distinction  he s a man of the utmost character and integrity  i…
each year on september11th members of our community place wreaths and flags at the 9/11 flight crew memorial in gr…
at steel valley container structure in north lima  owner constructing housing from old shipping containers  showed…
rt  merionwest  a one-on-one interview with  congressmanhice and  merionwest   the division [in our country] is not going to be able to be…
our firefighters answer the call day or night to serve  great chat with some of minnesota s bravest today about the…
mike pompeo is an exceptional candidate to lead  statedept  i urge my colleagues in the senate to do what is right…
happy national ag day to all of our farmers throughout  oh16   our district as a whole is home to over 5 000 farms a…
the us election assistance commission is making  10 million in election security improvements available to nj  the…
senate democrats are holding the government hostage   speakerryan did a great job of explaining why  watch 
icymi -- tax cuts and jobs act leads to private investment targets across michigan tax day  mi06 
rt  ustermlimits  shout out to  reprodblum for making term limitson congress a top priority   housetermlimits term limits
rt  houstoncountyss    perry_panthers student ashley wukasinovich won the grand prize in the 8th district 2018 congressional art competitio…
rt  reprodblum  major wins for iowa following the passage of the tax cuts & jobs act - utility savings  bonuses  pay raises  investments in…
in leola today visiting h m  stauffer  initially they were a lumber  coal  and feed supplier for lanco  but today t…
we are now considering h r  5582  abuse deterrent access act find all bills from today s full cmte markup here &gt &gt 
glad to see release of 3 americans by n korea to sec pompeo  it s not only humane thing to do  but positive gesture…
 funding the government is a fundamental duty of congress  and yet  during my time here  we have failed to do so in…
chairman  repmarkwalker on final passage of tax reform 
too much truth on the decline of american greatness to miss this article 
another of the o h05taxcutstories  this time from angela  she said   the tax cuts will benefit our family of 4 with…
rt  reptipton  national park week is officially underway  so be sure to celebrate by visiting one of colorado s incredible national parks  t…
rt  ctia  the introduction of the speed act by  senatorwicker   sencortezmasto &  repshimkus will modernize smallcell deployments & help u…
did you know rep  sensenbrenner is on  instagram  you can follow him at  repjimsensenbrenner to find more photos of his townhall travels 
rt  marchmadness  ✂️ the nets belong to kansas  march madness final four kubball
rt  houseagnews  listen here   allagallday w/  conawaytx11 we have tough decisions to make going into the next farmbill 
rt  congressfdn  we extend our congratulations to  robwittman & staff on being named democracy award finalists for their work in transparen…
congratulations to dr  rao musunuru  a tireless public servant  generous philanthropist and longtime advocate for p…
a grateful nation says thank you to those who courageously served our country in the vietnam war …
rt  housegop  why taxreform  a lower tax rate for smallbiz ✔✔✔
robin and dusty from my district office met with disabled american veterans  dav  chapter no  41 at the county stea…
 the u s eia reported thursday that u s  crude oil production exceeded 10 mb/d for the first time since 1970  that …
this is a comprehensive and responsible package that contains many important provisions for idaho and western state…
congratulations to pratt & whitney columbus on being named large manufacturer of the year by the georgia department…
icymi  i testified to the  housecommerce committee this week on the local impact of the opioidcrisis
it was a packed house at the aransas pass civic center for the state of the port of corpus christi   poccaport ceo…
along with my  housegop colleagues  i voted to keep the government open  support our troops and fund chip  a gover…
rt  butlertech  powerful and inspiring words from  warrendavidson onebutlertech  butlercountyesc
rt  migov  to celebrate michigan s birthday  watch this video to see what residents and travelers love about  puremichigan 
rt  nbc29  congressman garrett says there are major issues with the u s  department of veterans affairs  and he believes that it is causing…
new mexico is in a perfect position to lead in all resource production  this is great news for southeastern nm that…
november terror threat snapshot via  househomeland
rt  repseanduffy    marketwatch   consumer sentiment climbs to second-highest level in 14 years 
happening now  house armed services committee hearing on  assessing military service acquisition reform  …
every day  our police officers like john are always there to keep our communities safe  to all hoosier law enforcem…
it was an honor to sign this letter  and we are grateful to finally have a real negotiator as our president 
wishing good luck to fellow north carolinian art whiting on his ride across the country in honor of his wife 
busy day in southern utah  toured the hurricane family pharmacy with cliff holt  met with mayor hart in ivans  and…
rep  sensenbrenner s rapid dna legislation to be signed into law 
if you re interested in volunteering for the relief efforts of harvey here s how  texans helping texans
rt  austin_police  congratulations to apd k9  sarge  and his handler officer pandorf  the duo made their 50th arrest together last night   …
the day the tax cutsand jobs act was signed companies across america began announcing bonuses  pay raises  and major…
rt  fightcrc    rodneydavis knew that the i 💙 booty brackets represented the fight against colorectalcancer because his wife is a 19 year…
rt  housegop  did you hear  thanks to the tax cutsand jobs act   ups will be investing  12 billion in logistics and  5 billion into pensions …
as parents  we strive to give our kids the tools they need no matter the challenges that they face  transforming ou…
rt  repbyrne  it is critically important that we fully fund our nation s military  it has always been a top priority for president trump an…
  ups chairman & ceo   this  12 billion investment program is an outgrowth of the opportunity for tax savings creat…
yet less than 10 years later  here we are again 
in this memorial day we honor the memory of those brave americans who made the ultimate sacrifice for our freedom 
rt  housegop  more jobs and bigger paychecks  the tax cutsand jobs act is a win for your wallet  2059more
rt  hurdonthehill  can our government benefit from the opportunities artificialintelligence offers  i hope you can tune in to today s hear…
rt  housegop  companies all across america are announcing bonuses and increased benefits for their employees because of the tax cutsand jobs…
we have to do everything we can to end the opioid crisis  i am so pleased  realdonaldtrump is traveling to new hamp…
 things aren t getting done for the america people because of the dishonest influence of money in this city   - jones
rt  foxnews    replukemesser on immigration reform   i want to make sure we give the president the latitude he needs to get this done    c… 
rt  wsjopinion  donald trump s losing trade gambit  by  maryanastasiaog
icymi- i am grateful for the superintendent and board s input  which helps me know where to direct my efforts as we…
  herenciacuba is hosting its  cubanostalgia 3 day exhibit   cubans in hollywood   from this friday to sunday  come…
rt  lt_thebiblegeek  i am sorry you were born into this culture  alfie  but i am not sorry you were born  i am grateful to god for you  you…
rt  secretaryzinke   1 1 billion to state wildlife conservation agencies nationwide  every 💲 comes from sportsman stewardship
rt  ap  breaking  us employers added 200 000 jobs in january  paychecks rose at fastest pace in 8 years 
rt  mayorbliss  excellent news for our community - laker line funding gets federal go-ahead  gvsu  therapid
appreciate the shout out from  realdonaldtrump this morning while celebrating the world series victory of the houst…
on international holocaust remembrance day  we remember the 6 million jews & other victims whose innocent lives were…
matthew 28 5 and 6  and the angel answered and said unto the women  fear not ye  for i know that ye seek jesus  w…
 spies with no academic affiliation can slip unnoticed into seminars  student centers  libraries  & cafeterias–pret…
a very productive meeting with  ncelectriccoop representing the third district to discuss rural broadband and rural…
great meeting today with  cityoftemecula mayor matt rahn regarding improvements on i-15 and an important project we…
rt  uscg  it may be national napping day but our  uscgmidatlantic crews are up and at  em with this blood pumping monday motivation surf tra…
great news  the new tax law continues to provide real relief for working americans 
rt  speakerryan  our nation s security must be our absolute priority  that s why the house will soon be voting to provide our troops with t…
rt  uschamber  according to  reperikpaulsen  minnesota businesses are putting tax cuts to work   i ve heard from dozens of companies  large…
this november for lung cancer awareness month let s educate ourselves and others about this terrible disease that ac…
another thought provoking piece by  nytdavidbrooks that highlights the important work being done by…
enjoyed talking with  ne03  students from  suttonschools   bannerwildcats  and kearney catholic high school at the…
rt  justinamash  another disgusting aspect of the omnibus  it removed civil liberties protections the house had passed to defend americans…
great evening at  hispanicdenver chamber event celebrating their 40th anniversary of leadership and service to our…
northern indiana is the rv capital of the world  and i m grateful for our local manufacturers and other businesses…
as president kennedy stated  a rising tide lifts all boats 
rt  themoreheadnews  nasa head visits morehead
rt  presssec  can t argue with the results  president trump s policies are working-&gt 
every family in lewis county should have the opportunity to improve their lives and the lives of their children  yo…
this is absolutely unacceptable  we must refuse to be intimidated by threats against our state and country   
the mississippi river in cape girardeau is covered in ice  what a winter  everyone stay safe and stay warm …
thank you  devinnunes for speaking at the 10th parliamentarian intelligence security forum 
45 years ago today the last u s  troops left vietnam  thank you to all of our vietnam veterans for your service and…
great news  very excited that  richardgrennell will be getting confirmed this week as the next u s  ambassador to g…
earlier today  luis with my office attended the tamucc veterans day ceremony  where capt  steve banta  ret  was the…
in the words of holocaust survivor elie wiesel   to forget the victims means to kill them a second time  so i could…
thanks to katherine and ashley from south bend for their incredible work with  nothingbutnets  an organization dedi…
rt  pbcgov   pbcgov please report property damage from hurricane irma via pbc dart p b c irma be safe p b c
the facts don t lie  the  jctgov analysis shows that the tax cutsand jobs act will bring the most relief to the middl…
appreciated secretary sonny perdue s testimony and vision on how  usda will continue to serve farmers  ranchers and…
great piece of common sense legislation that protects our correctional officers &gt &gt 
-who participates in the programs - the criminal records of participants - the appearance rate at trial - previous…
rt  foxnews    repchrisstewart   we ve been accusing people of conspiracy and treason  and at the end of the day  these people are innocent…
a big thanks to  interior for making admission to all national parks free on saturday  here s a list of the ones lo…
posey to host 2014 congressional art competition  politics
on our way to hear  potus & our colleague  stevescalise at the national prayer breakfast 
deeply troubled by the recent ruling in ohio that allows abortions of babies solely based on a diagnosis of down sy…
last week  scotland county lost a hero  deputy alexis  thunder eagle  locklear was killed in the line of duty while…
icymi  our bipartisan bill  authored with  chelliepingree to support maine s sea urchin harvesters passed the hous…
great morning at the east dallas mls metrotex meeting to discuss how tax reform will benefit north texas families a…
rt  caltrans8  update  sb 15 s/o sr 138 lanes collapsed with fire truck  1 lane open until further notice  c a storm caltrans8
rt  repgallagher  happening now → chairman  repmccaul delivers the state of our national security address at  gwcchs  following the address…
glad to help protect our homebyers   ca08 
calling all  nc08  high school students  my office is now accepting entries for this year s congressional art compet…
rt  austin_police  thank you  satxpolice  💙
the completed budget for 2018 gives the military funding to purchase 14 new ships  230  aircraft  145  fighting veh…
not in your wildest dreams 
the disaster recovery center for sd county located in bonsall will be transitioning to a sba disaster loan outreach…
it was great meeting members of the  ufstudentgov  the future leadership of our country is in reliable hands  go ga…
  drphilroe  this effort is in no way  shape  or form intended to create a pipeline to privatize the va system
late last night   hascrepublicans &  hascdemocrats passed out of committee the  fy19ndaa   which builds upon our eff…
congratulations to  repjbridenstine on being confirmed as the next  nasa administrator  administrator bridenstine will take us to mars 
for generations  the korean war has continued with no feasible end in sight  for over 6 decades  the kim regime has…
rt  repbrianmast  now  we have the great opportunity to hire a wounded warrior fellow to expand our services to vets in our community at th…
to all of our muslim friends have a blessed month of ramadan   va10 
today  edworkforce held a hearing on  essa  implementation  watch my questions 
thank you  cvshealth for hosting yesterday 
last week   pa15  lost one of its own  brigadier general anna mae hays  the 1st woman in the history of the us armed…
rt  wmfdtv  congressman bob gibbs visits crestview middle school
rt  foxnews  fbi director  have learned of existence of emails that could be linked to investigation 
icymi  our most recent subcommittee hearing sought to improve management at dhs & save taxpayer dollars  watch here…
don t forget to join us for today s jobs fair at the coliseum at the university of west georgia from 1 00-5 00 p m …
let s get coffee  i m hosting coffee with your congressman events throughout the seventh district next week  find o…
rt  ssnalerts    repstephmurphy   repbrianmast team up on israel defense bill  s s nalerts sayfie fla pol
rt  senshelby  mike pompeo is an excellent choice for secretary of state  he is well-qualified  well-educated  and an all-around great amer…
we have some very talented young artists in alabama  i was proud to congratulate montgomery student christine choi…
chairman walker is on media row at  cpac 
hallelujah  he is risen  giulia  cecelia  rese  and i wish all of you a very blessed easter and we hope you enjoy t…
climate alarmists may inherit the wind→
rt  financialcmte  chairman  rephensarling statement on  repedroyce retirement ↓
thank you to the cox family for sharing their story with me  it was an honor to present william s purple heart to t…
very saddened to learn of the passing of sen  domenici  along with  johndingell and senator bingaman  we passed  epact  2005
it was an honor to present lois waltich with the world war ii medals her late husband joseph waltich earned while i…
inspiration and motivation → during a stem roundtable at girls  inc   i heard from community leaders in franklin on…
today is national medal of honor day  let s pause for a moment and remember america s bravest heroes 
great meeting with texas cattle feeders association & southwestern cattle raisers association on taxreform and…
rt  westerncaucus  read statements by chairman  repgosar   housescience  lamarsmithtx21   houseappropsgop subcommittee on interior chairman…
this is the third major terrorist attack in great britain in the last three months    
today s  epa announcement to review  cafe  standards is the right step instead of circumventing the mid-term review process 
chairman brady on tax reform phase two at  squawkcnbc s special tax day edition   you know what this really is - ph…
as always  it was an excellent interview  thank you for taking the time to discuss the gov t shutdown & share the m…
to remember those dark days is to live with the same courage  resolve  vigilance & compassion that overflowed after the attack  never forget
idaho s leadership in nuclear energy commission met today in boise and discussed the groundbreaking accomplishments…
rt  morningsmaria  north korea testing how the us will react with missile launch  w/  repblainepress
only months after tax reform was passed  individuals & families across the country are seeing more money in their p…
congrats to wheaton christian grammar school for being named a 2017 national blue ribbon school …
the opioid & heroin crisis continues to wreak havoc in our communities  forever changing the lives of far too many…
this is how taxreform will help americans throughout their lives—from starting a career to retirement 
congrats to  repjimboyd and  gregsteube for getting anti-fentanyl bill signed into law  sayfie
i appreciate having ga veterans of foreign wars in my d c  office this morning for a discussion on workforce develo…
washington d c  tour season is here  did you know that my office can help arrange tours of popular washington d c …
honored to receive the 2018 friend of the coast award from  asbpa american shore & beach preservation  i look forw…
rt  housegop  whether you re a family of four  a single parent  or a small business owner  filing taxes is about to get a whole lot simpler…
looking forward to joining  shannonbream tonight at 12 15 
i had a great conversation this morning with local business owners from coffee county about how tax reform is benef…
 mscharliejohnso positive 
i visited glennville today where i was able to speak at the glennville rotary club meeting to give an update on my…
you guys rock   gomounts  what a pleasure to be able to see your computer coding skills in action this morning  the…
thank you to  auroragov for welcoming  memeespina  guatemala ambassador to  us   and i to city hall this am to talk…
rt  aan   iowans will see economic gains in the coming months and years through increased wages and benefits  lower rates on their taxes  a…
rt  thechli   you should be moving to a multi cloud environment  -  hurdonthehill endorses the cloud at the c h l i tech talk 
rt  waysandmeansgop  breaking  107 house republicans sent a letter to potus reinforcing the need to take action against unfair trading part…
senate democrats shut down the entire government  withholding our troops  pay  over an immigration issue that doesn…
every day we are hearing more stories of smallbusinesses that are investing in their employees and expanding becau…
in my family  national nurses week   teacher appreciation week = cathy goodman  our angel   swe_explorers  fortbendisd
thank you  usda for your commitment to rural development  and for helping port deposit fund this project 
the hearing on the omnibus has started  watch live here 
rt  cvpayne  tax cut windfall update internal memo from lowe s paying 260 000 part & full-time workers bonuses & effective may expanding be…
the case for impeaching the  irs  commissioner
rt  congressmangt  on take your child to work day i have the honor of having 8-year-old seth with me for the second year in a row  my boys are…
…and that the social security trust funds get the taxes they re owed  the american people deserve nothing less  19/19 
wishing a happy sere sal  new year  to all of my yazidi friends  yazidi
passed  with a vote of 227-203  the house passed the conference report to accompany h r 1  the tax cutsand jobs act …
today the ways and means oversight subcommittee released a bipartisan plan that looks to fix critical areas of the…
great to speak with residents at the morris county 4-h fair  thanks for having me 
rt  waysandmeansgop   because we are not talking about the government s money – we are talking about your money  your hard work   - potus h…
each quarter i distribute a special edition newsletter with the latest veterans news out of washington  if you woul…
rt  speakerryan  the threat of american military decline is coming to an end   hascrepublicans chairman  mactxpress and i will soon detail…
on this day in 1952  the world s first jet airliner  the  de havilland comet 1   made its first flight 
release  arkansas congressional delegation applauds termination of doe/clean line partners agreement…
rt  thebeatdc    repcurbelo and  repjayapal are working together to raise the minimum age requirement from 18 to 21 for gun buyers purchasi…
obamacare s ipab sticks gov t where it has no business - in your personal health care decisions  house voted to eli…
linda  my brother sam is a constituent  and he is impacting the district by being a spiritual leader for thousands…
as a proud pi kappa alpha  i was delighted to celebrate the 150th anniversary of our brotherhood on the  housefloor…
last week  ssgt  carl enis made the ultimate sacrifice to ensure our freedoms  along with six other members of the…
beautiful morning in the klamath basin with mt  shasta in the distance 
shorter version   we ve decided  1 000 isn t going to do much for you  so give it to us because we can use it bette…
want to learn more about tax reform  ask me your questions using ask buddy  text  tax reform  to 50589  or visit
wishing a happy 70th birthday to the  usafreserve from this former navy pilot  fly  fight  win 
happy birthday to  kcstaropinion editor and fellow die-hard jayhawk fan  colleenmnelson 
appreciate having america s sheriffs stop by to talk about safer communities   sheriffclarke  nationalsheriff
during womens history month  we celebrate women past & present including setauket native & member of culper spy ring…
glad to catch up with the great sam malone of  am1070theanswer before tomorrow night s  sotu    maga   sammaloneshow
inaccurate  i read dem memo last night & voted to allow non-intel committee members in house to review document  un…
sonia s message of love was heard by a bipartisan group of members of congress  including  repleezeldin and…
i worked with mike pompeo in the house  mike is a superb pick for our next secretary of state and a great american …
unfortunately no community is immune from the threat of traumatic injury  the mission zero act  which passed the ho…
rt  leoshane  this week on capitol hill -- major vets legislation on the move in the house v a m i s s i o n act
rt  scottpresler  fact  majority of democrats didn t stand for the families of daughters murdered by ms-13  but nancy pelosi stood 7 hours…
we re just in the fourth month of this new tax code and i still think the best is yet to come 
toured indian brook trout farm in jackson today and got to hear more about their expansion and new partnership with…
even more good news for the american people  tax reform works tax cutsand jobs act
if you are interested in joining my washington office this summer  please fill out the application no later than ma…
rt  housegop  for everyday american families  these real  tangible benefits are game changers  not crumbs ✅ higher wages ✅ special  1 00…
keeping in my thoughts the  usnavy sailors of the u s s john s mc cain today 
happy birthday to the  usmc  i was honored celebrate the marine corp s 242nd birthday with commandant…
statement  i recently became aware of an effort by someone in the 21st district to use my official u s  house of re…
enjoyed visiting with a great group of close-up students from elko  keep up the good work   nv02   closeup_dc
the us had a record 6 6 million job openings in march  this is why we need to ensure more americans are getting the…
  reprichmond and i are calling on congressional leadership – of both parties – to dedicate the resources and affor…
will be questioning attorney general jeff sessions  housejudiciary in just a few moments  watch live here →
rt  johnboozman  talk small yall small business tour recap   repwesterman & i had an enjoyable  instructive time in  ar4   south/southwest ar…
i m currently presiding over the house floor  you can watch the proceedings live ---&gt 
a great opportunity to have  cspanbus in eastern idaho today with our students talking history politics and the imp…
rt  waysandmeansgop  live🚨 full committee hearing to discuss pro-growth tax reform that will create jobs and increase paychecks 
coming up at 10am ➡️ a hearing on  examining the government s management of native american schools   details …
happy new year  it is an honor to serve the people of florida s second district and i m looking forward to continui…
i m urging  secretarysonny  us forest service to help w/ the funding crisis in skamania co  read the letter i sent 
i have long advocated for such a move & have filed the smart border act to do just this   uscg has concurrent juris…
rt  speakerryan  our vets deserve the absolute best care  proud to sign this whistleblower protection act to keep the va accountable 
caught up with leon townsend  our spring mason life intern  last week  since coming to congress  we ve proudly part…
it was great to be a part of the  usmc marathon today  even better was getting to meet a young marine from traver…
in washington state  there has been a 134% increase in opioid-related cases between 2004 and 2016  and opioid-related deaths increased 33% 
will be speaking on the house floor shortly in support of h j res 123  the continuing appropriations act  the house…
another groundbreaking this afternoon  this time in the city  auroragov —  fitzlifesci bioscience building 3  our…
house republicans have voted 4 times to reauthorize and fund the children s health insurance program  this program…
no   we shouldn t repeal the 2nd amendment  if you don t want to protect yourself & loved ones w/ a firearm that s…
though imperfect  today s agreement moves congress toward budget process reform  i ve advocated for a bicameral  bi…
rt  houseappropsgop  the committee markup of the fy19 energy & water and agriculture appropriations bill will start shortly  watch live ➡️…
glad to see real results as the us engages north korea in the pursuit of real  lasting peace and a denuclearized ko…
rip reverend graham  thank you for your service to god and the world 
rt  drphilroe  thank you for the kind words  johnny  i appreciate the work we do together and your friendship 
tax reform and regulatory reform are helping provide growth and expansion opportunities for main street businesses…
one local manufacturer tells me blanket tariffs will force them to either lay off employees or raise prices and los…
rt  repmarkmeadows  i viewed the classified report from house intel relating to the fbi  fisa abuses  the infamous russian dossier  and so-…
great op-ed by  vp mike pence on how ohio is reaping benefits of tax cutsand jobs act   oh07  family will see a  2 289…
rt  garofalowx  thank you congressman  vernbuchanan for taking with  weathernation about irma preps & how to stay safe as it moves in flw…
what a tremendous experience to witness the  911_airliftwing s final flight of the c-130  soon a larger and newer…
tax reform works
today  over 1 million ppl are waiting for a hearing w/ an ssa administrative law judge 
chairman  repkevinbrady statement on april jobs report ⬇️
  djmseahsavannah thanks for your question  ask buddy
i m on  740kvor talking about the irresponsible schumer shutdown and calling for its end  our military  chip kids …
rt  riponadvance  important pa priorities were included in  ndaa  thanks to  repmeehan  repbillshuster and  repbrianfitz  bill now goes to p…
we must ensure entrepreneurs can start businesses & pursue their dreams  read more here
rt  ondcp  breaking  ondcp deputy director jim carroll announces that alaska will become the 50th state with a  hidta  
rt  congressfdn  we extend a huge congratulations to  repdavid and staff for being a finalist in the  life in congress  workplace environme…
on the 45th anniversary of roe v  wade  we recognize sanctity of human life day  today reminds us of our responsibi…
happy july4th to  nj04   as we celebrate  let us remember those who fight to defend our life  liberty and pursuit o…
rt  housegop  it s officially february    which means you ll soon be seeing the tax relief that we promised in the tax cutsand jobs act  what…
penny & i are driving to wv for the congressional institute  please keep those impacted by today s train event in your thoughts and prayers
rt  housecommerce  tomorrow  the nuclear waste policy amendments act will be on the house floor  here s all the resources and information…
hey louisiana  congress just cut your taxes   la05  tax reform
rt  whitehouse   since we passed tax cuts  roughly 3 million workers have already gotten tax cut bonuses—many of them thousands and thousan…
i m excited to announce that my office is now accepting submissions for the 2018 congressional art competition  okl…
had a productive time at republican strategy conference on how we can build on our successful first year that s led…
icymi  i spoke on the house floor today to honor barbara bush and commend her life s commitment to literacy for all…
good to hear from  repblainepress  repandybarr &  reptipton at my  houseappropsgop financial services subcommittee…
  repdianeblack on passage of h r  1   we are one step closer to delivering much-needed tax relief for hardworking…
icymi  last week i visited the montgomery lions club for their weekly meeting  i was glad to offer an update from d…
radio row this morning at  cpac  talking fundamental liberties with  hillsdale radio  a time for action
today  the house will consider my bill  hr5439 – to provide a single point of contact at the irs for the taxpayers…
💍💍💍💍💍💍
rt  westerncaucus  today  the caucus issued a press release after  blmnational announced that they are taking steps to effectively rescind…
rt  senrobportman  i joined my colleagues  sensherrodbrown &  repmiketurner in urging the air force to select  wrightpattafb as the locatio…
our talk small yall business tour continues in magnolia  where sen  johnboozman & i are hosting a listening session…
thanks for having me on 
rt  govwaste  we agree with  repmarkwalker  the federal government should not spend more than it takes in 
livenow  marcorubio delivers opening remarks ⬇️
this is sad news  downing was a remarkable faith leader  heroic veteran  and colorado springs community member  may…
rt  foxbusiness    replukemesser led nomination of  potus for nobel peace prize   could you imagine how the left would be reacting right no…
the irs is in dire need of a comprehensive overhaul to restore a taxpayer-first focus  for years  its fell short of…
rt  housegop    potus  the second pillar fully secures the border  that means building a wall on the southern border  and it means hiring…
the tax cutsand jobs act is already working for everyday americans all across this country    because your taxes are…
rt  ctatech  cta s 2018 digital patriot honoree  susanwbrooks discusses 5g and supporting women and girls in stem h…
rt  sbalist  as a christian i believe life is precious  and that it begins at conception  as a physician i know i have a duty to protect al…
i have known and worked with gord for many years and i agree  he was one of the most upbeat people i have ever met …
rt  nfib   nfib  member david cranston  on the effects taxreform has had on his smallbusiness 
it s a beautiful day in pittsburgh with team rothfus  steelers nation
tax cuts for missourians are already having an impact  check out some mo businesses that have passed on tax relief…
miss my question on critical importance of aviation r&d done at south jersey faa technical center in our nation s…
rt  thejakegrant  amidst the 2018 farm bill debate   darenbakst and  heritage hosted a great discussion on farm subsidies featuring  repmcc…
don t forget to register for the 2018 congressional art competition by friday  april 30th  the winning entry will be…
had a blast giving students from my alma mater   ualbany  rockefellercoll  a behind the scenes night tour of the us…
this is just one example of the importance of persistence  taxreform
rt  cspanwj  thurs|  replouiegohmert  r-tx  takes your questions on this friday s government funding bill deadline & the mueller investigat…
words cannot express the gratitude for what you do each and every day  a very happy mothers day2018 to all the mothe…
on memorial day  we honor those who have made the ultimate sacrifice to protect our freedoms  we are eternally grat…
 p a10 s christopher chmielnicki named carnegie hero after pulling woman from burning motorhome via  carnegie_hero
this week s newsletter ↓
our  ny21  interns work hard for our constituents  i enjoyed sitting down with them today to discuss the legislative…
watch  i spoke from the house floor today to bring attention to the urgent crisis facing dairy farmers across my di…
today local and community banks in ohio are having to merge or get eaten up by bigger lenders because they can t su…
riverbank mayor richard o brien served 28 years in the u s  navy through 5 different conflicts  thank you  mayor o …
the committee welcomes chairman  rephensarling of the  financialcmte to testify on hr 1699  the preserving access t…
 repkenbuck is on the  housefloor managing the rule on the  cra  to roll back the new  cfpb  anti-arbitration rule
congrats to these tech students  cherokee co  al03 
 cluckmort  indivisibleca25  indivisible_oc i have enjoyed one on one meetings with my constituents for the last 28 years  civility required
looking forward to joining the story with  marthamaccallum on  foxnews at 7 25pm  est /4 25pm  pst  to discuss qual…
appreciated today s meeting with  momsdemandaction  looking forward to working together on common sense initiatives…
rt  nbclatino  rep  ileana  roslehtinen  r-fla   blasted the decision calling it  wrongheaded  and saying it will impact thousands of hondu…
thank you   prossercareers  for providing our communities with career and technical programs that help hoosiers dev…
rt  reprickallen  more great news from tax reform  we are seeing the impacts right here in  ga12  at southwire s plant in douglas  ga 
take a look at the wonderful tribute karl s transport in antigo made to detective jason weiland  thank a cop thursday
marvin quattlebaum is uniquely well qualified for the bench and universally respected by all in south carolina  hop…
the government needs to live within its means - just like countless hardworking american families  this evening  i …
rt  replukemesser  live stream 4  goppolicy hearing on college completion/affordability is ready to go  watch  htt…
icymi  thank you to  secazar for appearing before  waysandmeansgop yesterday on  hhsgov budget  i advocated for reg…
since chairman frelinghuysen announced his retirement  people have been encouraging me to seek the appropriations committee gavel 
less than a year in  the trump administration has already saved  560 million by cutting bad regulations 
we also discussed the important of increased funding for the nih  particularly the national cancer institute  and h…
rt  graydcnews  a renewed push for a bipartisan school safety bill on capitol hill  ky gop  rephalrogers discusses the effort with  alana_a…
got questions  i have answers  join my telephone town hall tuesday  february 13th  at 5 30 pm   sc07… 
rt  repblainepress  this week the house took a huge step in the fight against online sex trafficking  i was proud to cosponsor and vote for…
president trump could not have made a better choice for national security advisor than  ambjohnbolton  he is excell…
i ve said from the very beginning that the iran deal was a flawed  weak deal that serves the interests of bad actor…
 ldtc16  will come back from the break by 1 10pm  tune back into the webstream here 
i always look forward to my annual meeting with the women in business group at the  nordoniachamber  we had a good…
enjoyed showing high schools students from kern county around the capitol today  thanks for visiting 
rt  shopfloornam  some top line numbers from manufacturers in our latest tax reform survey  ✅ 77% are boosting hiring  ✅ 72% are increas…
rt  aaronparseghian  president trump says he s looking immediately into what needs to be done to fix the soo locks  it comes after a ride…
  youngagop thanks for your question  ask buddy
you can find out more about operation center mass at and the desloge chamber at
in case you missed it→ watch my full interview with  anthonymasoncbs on  cbseveningnews last night 
today  reverend billy graham will be brought to the u s  capitol  where he will lie in honor in the capitol rotunda…
rt  jim_jordan  10  and why did fbi release only 375/10 000  texts  were they the best  worst  or part of a broader strategy to focus atten…
rt  gopleader  nancy was against it before she was for it ⬇️ schumer shutdown
loving us parents have been waiting to adopt children from abroad  we can unite families by sharing relevant info a…
taxreform working  business leader tells me his employees thought they were getting their annual march bonuses ear…
rt  upspolicy  thank you  repdianeblack for your leadership on developing and enacting pro-growth tax reform that creates a more level play…
inspiring to hear from women in kabul  afghanistan sharing their stories of entrepreneurial success and how the…
job seekers are invited to attend the york career fair on oct 5 from 11a– 2p at peoples bank park in york   yceapa
rt  waysandmeansgop  breaking  house follows up historic tax reform by passing multiple bipartisan bills to redesign the irs for the first…
  reprussell  the federal government will save an estimated  125 billion by 2025 based on implementation of gao recommendations to date 
 glory be to god for clearing the names of two v-22 pilots wrongly and unfairly blamed for a fatal crash - john bro…
appreciated the chance to meet members of the  madisonalcc today at their luncheon  hearing concerns and gaining in…
in coordination with our allies  the u s  took decisive action against the syrian regime  the regime s unconscionab…
oceanfirst financial corp  plans to increase the minimum wage of tellers and customer service workers to  15 an hou…
welcome home and thank you for your service to our country  🇺🇸 🇺🇸 🇺🇸
it was great meeting with the anchor bay chamber of commerce last night to update them on what s going on in washin…
rt  repdavidvaladao  the central valley is home to our nation s hardest workers and most innovative minds  proud to team up with mec aerial…
due to widespread flooding   govholcomb declared a state of emergency for 11 counties in indiana  including dearbor…
nobody denies dealing with the daca situation is important  but literally putting our national defense and fully fu…
this tragedy is heartbreaking  all americans stand with parkland  fl tonight and are grateful to the brave first responders 
rt  virginiafoxx  was great meeting with  maylandcc president dr  john boyd yesterday  thanks for your hard work to provide education and o…
gov  regulations have made it difficult for our hard-working community banks and credit unions to offer small busin…
rt  cobrown  i chat with  warrendavidson about article i power to make war and executive overreach   catopodcast  c…
rt  politicolive  president trump has declared the opioid crisis a public health emergency  join us 11/2 to discuss the topic live 
good luck & congrats team u s a especially georgiansin rio participating in this year s olympics  go for the gold  rio2016 opening ceremony
we are stronger as a nation when we are unified as one 
this week is national police week  thank you to all of the officers who serve and protect us 
one giant leap for mankind  u s  jobless claims drop to their lowest level since 1969  the year man first walked on…
 it takes such a comprehensive approach to fix this problem  to deal with this opioid crisis   hudson told wbtv …
secession is ultimate rejection of america and rule of law  there are no american heroes in the confederacy or its modern manifestations 
gracias  vp p/ palabras d apoyo al pueblo d nicaragua y denunciar abusos del régimen represivo d ortega  los nica…
  allairecomfarm in wall twp uses rescued animals to empower individuals w/ disabilities  incl autism  thank you fo…
rt  speakerryan  breaking news→ the house just voted to rebuild our military  secure our borders  and give our service members their larges…
it s time to end  one and done  workplace elections employee rights act→ via  thehill
the obama administration s response to our european allies is deafening silence  opp4 all  heritage
there s no room for gov t waste in today s struggling economy 
great joining students at  westlibertyu this afternoon  we discussed how we re diversifying west virginia s economy…
in shooting after shooting  these dangerous and evil people have made their intention for violence clear beforehand…
rt  reptrey  the comprehensive regulatory review act removes expensive regulatory burdens put in place by washington bureaucrats  so our co…
rt  usnavy  happy 242 navy bday  🎂🎈 rt to celebrate america s seapower to protect and promote  🇺🇸⚓
important discussion with state commander larry gerlt  state adjutant quartermaster john liebsack  and dick morriso…
 krudell  indivisibleca25  indivisible_oc using leftist analysis will not win u votes against me in orange county  thanks 4 verifying me
as new jersey s only cosponsor of the honest ads act  hr 4077   i am pleased that facebook supports this bipartisan…
it s national french fry day and mi s best fries are made by mid michigan s own  midlandburgerco  congratulations 
congratulations to stephen synnott  ceo/president of  syntelligent in luray  on earning the 2017 virginia small bu…
my heart breaks over the news of the loss of mrs  barbra bush  a great america  a first lady  a mother to a preside…
with tax reform working  93 5% of manufacturers have a positive outlook for their company  optimism amongst small m…
over 150 chefs urge congress to pass a national shark fin ban fin ban now  oceana
so honored to be at the  4h legacy awards dinner  4-h plays such a crucial role in so many families  lives  and is…
rt  natresources    cathymcmorris  hydropower helped build the northwest  and still today it offers us clean  renewable  reliable and affo…
great to meet with emory scholarsin d c this morning   emoryuniversity
rt  congpalazzo  utility companies in 48 out of 50 states  and dc  have taken action to pass their federal tax savings on to their customer…
congratulations to my hometown   cityofjeff  on being selected to decorate the  whitehouse s indiana tree this year 
had fun enjoying my corned beef and cabbage at creston s gibson memorial library s st patrick s day dinner yesterda…
👍  consumer confidence rebounds close to 18-year high…  millions of americans have found jobs  the unemployment rat…
icymi  this week i had the distinct honor to speak at a reception welcoming the armenian parliamentary delegation t…
had a great discussion with local and small businesses from oswego county  at our meeting  i was presented with the…
tax reform means more jobs  bigger paychecks  and more money in your wallet 
honored to attend the presentation of the congressional gold medal to sen bob dole in recognition of his service an…
rt  housegop  what would you like  potus to talk about during  sotu  
rt  nemaupdates   nemaupdates supports voluntary cybersecurity evaluation of products used in the transmission  distribution  storage  & e…
get your applications in &gt &gt &gt  one day left to submit your artwork for the 2018 congressional art competition  learn…
i m heading to chair the  rulesreps on the faa reauthorization bill and h r  3144  watch live here 
thanks for the great event tonight marquette 
had a great meeting w/  nevadaacte  we discussed the importance of career & technical edu thx for stopping by   nv02 
 charliekirk11  chloespa citizenship matters  representatives shall be apportioned among the several states accordi…
inspiring story about the army s highest decorated chaplin  thanks to kevin kennelly for sharing  via  youtube
did you receive my newsletter this week  it s a great way for us to stay connected  sign up here 
productive day participating in the seventh round of  nafta  negotiations in mexico city 
don t miss out on important updates  subscribe today to receive my e-newsletter & stay updated with all i m doing f…
every year  i love sending holiday cards to our heroes overseas  it s a small way to show our appreciation for thei…
rt  westerncaucus  an incredible site  thanks so much for having us 
  williams4h is celebrating its 💯 year anniversary with several activities and mementos  marcia and i believe stron…
the committee will hold a hearing next week on  deptvetaffairs caregiver program  details 
my statement after voting for the protecting young victims from sexual abuse act today mn02
national prescription drug take back day is coming up on saturday  check out the link to see where you can safely r…
🎉new year  new tax code → american businesses create jobs better than the government ever could  that s why our pla…
today  we celebrate the birthday of our first president & honor those who ve held the highest elected office in our…
rt  republicanstudy  rsc steering committee   the revelations contained in the memo prepared by the house permanent select committee on int…
from my family to yours  happy easter  ga12  
hosting third  manufacturing your future  event today  partnered with  wscc_marietta and   building bridges to care…
rt  repdianeblack  today was an historic day for the american people - we promised a fairer  flatter & simpler tax code & not only did we d…
enjoyed hearing  potus speak at the national prayer breakfast this morning  i also had the pleasure of visiting with…
joined   lizclaman to discuss positive steps in the senate to end the schumer shutdown  looking forward to democrat…
this obviously benefits states that don t have as high a cost of living as states that do  any discussion of federa…
congrats  jimbo fisher  you are joining the ranks of some of the greatest  gig em  tamu
my take on tonight s  sotu 
today is the start of womens history month  where we celebrate the great contributions that women have made to our n…
schumer shutdown
rt  foxbusiness    gopleader on rescission   it s our ability to go back  find waste  and i think any member of congress on any side of the…
hhs  secazar testified at  waysandmeansgop  and i urged him to work to improve communication between state prescrip…
held office hours in evansville today and met with amy canterbury and jaelyn smith from united way of southwest ind…
tax reform is critical to growing our economy and breaking free of the lackluster economic conditions we ve endured…
rt  ledgeking    repbrianmast lauds  potus for withdrawing from iran deal   this historically bad deal provided a clear pathway for iran to…
if you re a high school student in the 2nd district interested in entering the 2018 congressional art competition …
met with ymca  kroehlerymca to discuss tax reform  thank you for the invitation and great discussion 
tomorrow  president trump will sign legislation i co-sponsored  the allow states and victims to fight online sex tr…
a good recap in the  dailynewshdn of our community forum on skills-based education 
  hernandocogov has issued a mandatory evacuation for coastal zones a  b  & mobile homes in entire county  info
rt  jecrepublicans  so  key takeaway from  uscbo report  ➡️2 6 million more jobs after 10 years  relative to its june 2017 projection  🏭🏭…
great shot from  natgeo s  carltonward of one of the most beautiful places in  fl17   myakka river state park 
rt  foxnews    repchrisstewart   i ve been contacted by  fbi agents  they re saying   thank you for doing this  we want you to protect the…
today  i updated the genoa twp business association on key solutions to grow the economy & create jobs   oh12… 
rt  heartland_ctr  today was a great day  congresswoman  repwalorski came to visit and is completely supportive of our efforts to provide c…
the u s  stands ready to assist the u k  and bring those responsible for this heinous terrorist attack to justice 
rt  theadvocatebr  could baton rouge teen alyssa carson end up on the first human mission to mars  
rt  ctatech  80% of c t amembers are small businesses that rely on a strong patent system that doesn t allow trolling  thanks  housesmallbiz…
this week  idhs will open state assistance centers  including in elkhart  to provide immediate help and answer ques…
saddened by the passing of lds president  thomassmonson pres monson had a servant s heart and always looked for way…
chairman gowdy on the importance of inspectors general   their work is vital to independent oversight and they play…
i stand with the people of iran in their peaceful protests  the measure we passed today in the house states without…
reconciliation is a powerful budget tool that allows congress to enact important legislation like tax reform  lear…
rice university is a leader in addressing sexual assault on campus  dean of undergraduates dr  john hutchinson remi…
rt  cspanwj    rephalrogers  r-ky  discusses  potus  address today on opioid abuse
my classmate  secpompeo has secured the release of three americans from north korea ahead of a planned meeting betw…
from my family to yours  happy easter  we wish you a blessed holiday with your family and loved ones 
may the road rise up to meet you  may the wind be always at your back  may the sun shine warm upon your face  the r…
rt  congressmangt  these historic investments in nutrition assistance will change lives | congressman glenn  gt  thompson
sen  smith was a valued colleague and a dedicated public servant  her unwavering devotion to nevada will be missed
lies the left tells about tax reform are so blatant even their buddies at the washington post had to call them out 
i look forward to working with  repcuellar on hurricane harvey relief efforts 
i m devastated to hear about the tragedy in florida  praying today for the students and all those impacted 
as a small business owner for 30  years  i saw the devastating impacts of gov t overregulation  i m committed to en…
rt  reptomgarrett    nancypelosi calls  3 billion in bonuses given to 4 million hardworking americans from companies benefiting from tax re…
rt  justinamash   in short  the base bill would give greater privacy protections to criminal suspects than to people the f b i  has no soli…
rt  uscc_taxteam  our country s nearly 30 million small biz account for 2 out 3 new jobs  thank you main street  happy small business week …
tomorrow  april 28  2018  is national prescription drug take back day  please visit the link below to see where you…
september 18  free college-prep workshop for parents of high-schoolers via  telostutoring  more information here &gt &gt 
in 2016  nearly 64 000 americans died from drug overdoses – nearly doubled from ten years ago  of those deaths  ap…
around lies that just foment hatred and further divide our country  i am also disappointed in any reporter who has…
my statement on senate passage of s  2155  the economic growth  regulatory relief and consumer protection act  ⬇️
in addition to working with the va & dod  i also asked ms  clemons if there are other ways to get more electronic h…
thanks for all your help over the past two years in my apple valley district office  brooklyn   ca08 
great economic news for alabama  over the past year  our state added 14 000 jobs and the unemployment rate dropped…
chairman  repstevechabot earns small business council of america 2018 congressional award →
recovery is still in its early stages   texans still need basic supplies and help 
happy thanksgiving  from my family to yours  here in america  we enjoy an abundance of blessings every day that are…
extremely saddened to hear about the passing of former first lady barbara bush  she was loved by her family  the st…
7 you & your family will be able to continue using the retirement savings option that best suits your needs at each stage of your lives 
i m disappointed the senate failed to agree on a government funding measure  dems must stop holding our country hos…
congratulations to our new 70th secretary of state   secpompeo  our country looks forward to your strong leadership and representation 
congrats to allison park  a junior at  bvschools  bvnwnews  on winning this year s congressional art competition fo…
may is huntingtons disease awareness month  so lets talk about h d  through c u r e s act  the  nih &  us_fda have greater…
the tax code should work for you  here s how our framework for reform will help you at all stages of your life 
rt  wptv  rep  brian mast to take on brightline during thursday hearing in washington  d c   stephaniewptv
griffith statement on availability of disaster loan assistance in lee and scott counties
wow  georgiana high school in al-02 started their track team three short months ago  and they just won the state ti…
most of you got it right  for every iowan  there are 7 pigs in the state 
sweet   
great news 
in case you missed it  i joined  teamcavuto earlier today to discuss the importance of repealing and replacing aca
the american people need to know the extent to which the fbi and department of justice colluded for the political g…
iran is a terrorist state whose desire to destroy israel and undermine the security of the u s  is well known  qui…
 wordsbeyondme thank you janice 
to the people of ohio s 12th congressional district  thank you for giving me the honor to represent you in the us h…
see my response to  sotu2018 
it s an honor to be recognized for our efforts  and we look forward to continue working for the first district in a bipartisan manner 
our current immigration laws are weak and encourage people to  game the system   i joined fox business to discuss h…
pleased to see the house pass my bill to rename the fort mill post office to honor the most highly decorated enlist…
enjoyed this morning s discussion w/ attendees at the  wrldhealthcare opioid mgmt summit  if we tackle the…
it s a privilege to join israel in celebrating its 70 years of independent governance  the first country to officia…
storm surge is dangerous  remember  when officials say it is time to evacuate    go  hurricane prep hurricane strong
rt  conservmillen  which junk science  the separate body  the separate dna  the separate heartbeat  the baby s ability to feel pain  th…
today is the last day we will file our taxes under the current broken  complicated tax code  we have already seen c…
the nj board of public utilities announced customers will see lower utility bills  due to tax reform  nj working fa…
 urosh_veljkovic wrong
this morning i attended the ribbon cutting of the newly renovated e e lake general store in bluemont  built by edwa…
icymi  here is my enewsletter for this week  utpol
congratulations to the  kansasdebate team on their 6th national debate tournament championship  way to go 
rt  realdonaldtrump  russia started their anti-us campaign in 2014  long before i announced that i would run for president  the results of…
america is leading the world s medical innovation  it s time we ensure groundbreaking therapies are accessible to a…
i participated in a working lunch with national association of realtors members from  tx10  to discuss some of their…
getting ready to join  riskrewardfbn to discuss why i voted no for the omnibus bill  make sure to tune in 
rt  reptomemmer  mn banks and cus are spending more and more time & resources on compliance with outdated  duplicative  or onerous regulati…
i voted for the tax cuts and jobs act today  because the american people deserve a tax break 
just this past weekend  the arc celebrated their 50th anniversary serving the needs of loudoun county   va10 
the american people deserve answers- release the memo 
rt  brendankkirby  exclusive   replukemesser bill would end  illegal immigrant bonus  in population-based federal grants 
rt  pittsburghpg  ag jeff sessions announces new initiatives to combat opioid crisis
rt  farmersfortrade  great meeting with bipartisan congressional trade delegation and farmers from across the country in montreal   naftaw… 
hemophilia is a serious & rare bleeding disorder that has no cure  on world hemophilia day i would like to recogniz…
honored to have dr  david shulkin  secretary of the va in mechanicsburg for a great roundtable discussion with loca…
for 32 years  americans have spent tax day filing under a cumbersome  complicated  and frankly  a broken tax code …
rt  jim_jordan  11  why did lisa page leave mueller probe two weeks before peter strzok  this was two weeks before fbi and special counsel…
another day  another positive result of tax reform  per  nfib study  record number of u s  small-business owners sa…
honored to participate in the palmetto panel forum at clemson university this afternoon  thanks for having me 
thanks to all of our nation s veterans for their selfless sacrifice  may god bless our veterans and continue to bless those who defend us 
i am very saddened to hear the news today that  speakerryan will not be seeking re-election  he is one of the great…
thank you to  secretaryacosta for visiting little elm yesterday afternoon  i am grateful for his work to support ve…
thrilled to be a part of  glblctzn ⭕️this weekend & join others like  realhughjackman in a commitment to end extrem…
rt  natresources    replouiegohmert to  secretaryzinke  we should should be taking care of the resources we have rather than acquiring new…
don t forget to tune in weekly to my radio show congressional review  great way to stay updated on current events &…
the committee welcomes  financialcmte chairman  rephensarling to testify on hr 3312- systemic risk designation impr…
let s never forget  as americans  the outstanding legacy of bravery  justice  and faith left by the rev  martin lut…
celebrating world i p day and the role strong  ip  protections play in driving economic development and boosting compe…
rt  housegop  let s get down to the facts on the tax cutsand jobs act ✅ 90% of americans will see bigger paychecks ✅ business confidence is a…
rt  kyfb  we appreciate  rephalrogers for joining us today during our 2018 congressional tour  he has been attending our annual breakfast i…
regime change though is not the united states  responsibility  great syrians must be empowered to take charge of th…
there are so many myths that persist  & i would like to clear up a few of them  teacher supplies deduction remains …
i applaud democrat lee hamilton for sharing a way to have more hoosier voices heard in washington  i agree 100% 
i m proud to support efforts of programs like foster cte and extend my thanks to the school and businesses for crit…
 jesus said to her   i am the resurrection and the life  the one who believes in me will live  even though they die…
 mrs_schimizzi mrs  schimizzi  who did you speak with  my team and i respond to thousands of constituent calls/let…
rt  secnielsen  walls work this is another important step in better securing our borders and protecting our work force 
rt  readyharris  this year s tax-free holiday on emergency supplies is this weekend  click here for more detail   t…
chairman  repgoodlatte  this hearing will  examine the missions & operations of the federal bureau of prisons to ma…
rt  cspanwj    repscottperry  r-pa  joins us to talk about security for members of congress following the alexandria shooting
rt  drewbrooks  my work here is done 
fema is looking for temporary local workers to help out with recovery efforts 
thank you so much  james shaw jr   for your heroism 
with the new tax code  we re already seeing more jobs  larger paychecks and new investments across texas and the na…
rt  herrerabeutler  indian tribes deserve the same economic opportunities as non-tribal citizens  i m pleased my bipartisan bill was approv…
rt  housecommerce  full cmte chairman  repgregwalden and sub oversight chairman  greggharper comment on  deahq action to help combat the  o… 
view from my seat as we continue debate on the  fy19ndaa   markup started at 10 00 this morning and still have a way…
today is a day i look forward to each year—take your children to work day  started the day off right by welcoming m…
rich thau  we can t continue to hand democrats the mantle of clean energy solutions  g o p energy solutions
on thursday  hot springs cut the ribbon on the vault  it is one of many projects opened in downtown hot springs sin…
met with the plowboys and plowgirls of roscoe collegiate isd  their public-private partnerships allow for over 90%…
rt  ascap  the house just voted to protect one of america s greatest innovations by passing the music modernization act to bring music copyr…
great to visit the arlington municipal airport earlier today and tour the control tower  tx06
rt  repstevechabot  small businesses are often the most targeted folks for nefarious state-sponsored actors  they don t have the resources …
our mission is to help answer those questions & develop recs to help restore the relationship b/w police and communities   l e taskforce
a privilege to bring  vp mike pence to see the way our community is coming together to recover after sunday s storm…
his life may have been taken  but his mission lives on   mlk50 
today s the last day you ll have to file your taxes under the old system w/higher tax brackets & more complicated r…
rt  reptomprice  appreciate  goppolicy for holding a hearing today focused on millennials and their impact on america s economy  tune in n…
when new threats arise  the country needs installations like letterkenny army depot  no b r a c  fy18ndaa 
rt  foxnews    speakerryan   our majority s in good hands   potus has given us this chance to get a lot done    dailybriefing
good to be with folks at the carrollton senior center today  thanks for letting me stop by and hear from you 
rt  househomeland  coming up at 10 a m  → hearing on lessons learned from the 2013 boston marathon bombing to the march 2018 austin serial…
rt  foxnews    repleezeldin on scooter libby   [ potus] views this case alone on its merits  
  greggjarrett *nine days after benghazi  clapper & hillary gave members of congress a classified briefing  both co…
watch live   waysandmeansgop hearing on u s  trade policy agenda w/ ambassador lighthizer
more than 90 000 kentucky kids and their families depend on the children s health insurance program  i urge senate…
  reptommarino   it is important that the u s  improve the bankruptcy code to ensure that very large financial inst…
the actions by oakland s mayor exposes the lie jerry brown and sacramento democrats told californians  they are put…
on the house floor today ➡️ the stop school violence act provides a multi-layered approach to identify threats and…
today  we honor the life and achievements of american civil rights leader dr  martin luther king jr  his courage  l…
rt  cgrisales    repwalterjones points to  starsandstripes  cdicksteindc story and argues when  3 1 billion is lost  it should be cut from…
today  the newly-formed joint select committee on budget and appropriations process reform met for the first time …
the national park restoration act will redirect unused revenues from a variety of energy sources on federal lands…
happening now  getting ready to talk about the s t o p school violence act with  harrisfaulkner on  outnumberedot  also …
rt  marcshort45  thank you yvonne ambrose for sharing your heartbreaking story  today  potus signed significant anti-trafficking legislatio…
as a cpa  reforming our tax code has been a priority of mine during my service in congress  it is imperative that w…
 tysonfoods joins the chorus of companies investing in their employees after tax reform  more than 100 000 employee…
honored to have jc egnew as my guest for president trump s state of the union address tonight  he has been a long-t…
rt  students7united  thank you  reptomemmer for meeting with us today  united7in d c
join me on 11/13 as we honor local vietnam veterans and talk veterans legislation  it is going to be a great time 
this tax reform bill is a major step towards fixing our broken tax code and making it fairer and simpler for all 
yesterday i had the opportunity to meet aflac representatives & learn more about their groundbreaking product  my s…
rt  susannebrunner    patwalkerwx talks to congressman  repfrenchhill about the congressional app challenge  this year s winner anne li als…
chairman  repgoodlatte  the  stop school violence act  provides funding for training to prevent student violence ag…
the opioid crisis is ravaging communities all across the nation  we must work together to combat this crisis that i…
thanks to tax reform enacted this year  we ve seen historic investment in our local economies  tax cuts  & more mon…
thanks for the invite  i enjoyed seeing the new technology and innovation first hand 
attending the  psu  office of veterans affairs and services and the office of veterans programs - military honor c…
i think we have a moral responsibility to look at this thing holistically  rather than just an ideological fight ag…
h r  4852  the pay our protectors  not our politicians act simply seeks to ensure our men and women in uniform rece…
i ve been a strong advocate for global health  including efforts to prevent malaria  to combat disease & end preven…
i m hopeful  secpricemd will accept my invite to visit central valley to learn about health care in our communities 
as a father of 5 in public school  i believe all  ok  students should receive a quality education  as your federal…
in our  gopoversight hearing on  state of play  federal it in 2018  i questioned about benefits and risks of moving…
an example of a life led proclaiming the gospel of jesus christ  sad to hear of his passing  but billy graham is no…
happy 24th birthday kassidy  have a wonderful day today  i love you❤️
 southwestair is one of many companies across america giving back to their employees thanks to taxreform  icymi  i…
i m proud to know so many passionate small business owners across the 4th cd  congress needs to work on policies th…
rep  posey s statement on the iran agreement
do you have qs about tolling  tax cuts  sea lions  sw wa jobs  bring them or whatever else is on your mind to my te…
rep  jim sensenbrenner  the senate failed on healthcare via  dcexaminer
rt  dave_sutor    fishersince_82 s story about  keithrothfus honoring sgt  mark baserman during a speech on the house floor 
reminder  a government shutdown will put national security interests and military readiness at risk  house republic…
this past saturday i spoke at mn drone day in eagan on my work to encourage uas innovation while protecting privacy…
touring the morehead state university s space science center with  nasa acting administrator…
i m incredibly grateful for south dakota s law enforcement officers  with drug abuse and violent crime on the rise…
i am saddened to hear that george h w  bush has been admitted to the hospital  but am encouraged that he appears to…
incredibly proud to see so many athletes from colorado headed to pyeongchang to compete in the 2018 winter olympics…
rt  vincebrown63   repryanzinke just saw you on fox news  had flash back to class 163 hell week  you with bullhorn offer keys to vett and c…
honest elections are essential  we must zealously guard against voter fraud   sotu 
 edworkforce thanks to  ivytechcc   higheredin   studentvets and the  indianachamber for their support of this legi…
congratulations to former  nasa acting administrator robert lightfoot on his selection as president of  lsinccorp …
there are currently 6 1 million open jobs in the u s  it s time to help our neighbors in need get the training they…
it s day three of the schumer shutdown &  senatedems are continuing to put our country in jeopardy by playing irres…
  uschamber issues support for workforce provisions in 2018 farm bill  we look forward to working with members of co…
ty to malerie mcclusky for sharing your story as a foster youth in ak for 10 years  honored to participate in foste…
rt  houseagnews  crop insurance is working  take it from farmers & ranchers who use what has become the cornerstone of the american farm sa…
great news → jobless claims are at the lowest level since 1973  and texas is among the states seeing the biggest de…
rt  dailycaller  trump  we will guard our border with our military
i was grateful to observe national dayof prayer by ​praying with community members at ​ genevacollege in beaver fall…
enjoyed getting to join the asian american coalition of chicago for their 35th annual lunar new year celebration 
i appreciate the  deptofdefense and  statedept for allowing me the privilege to visit their headquarters in iraq an…
speaking w/ khqa about north korea and how tax reform will help the hardworking families of our district 
rt  heardonthehill   western new yorkers will be cheering for you as you showcase to the world your exceptional talents  bring home the gol…
rt  repbyrne  view from my seat as we continue debate on the  fy19ndaa   markup started at 10 00 this morning and still have a ways to go  h…
rt  justinamash  it s official  tacked onto the end of the omnibus is a 32-page bill that radically changes the way foreign governments ca…
on the 76th anniversary of the attack at pearl harbor  let us all pause to remember the lives lost in a day which  …
rt  repjeffduncan  the last time congress passed tax reform  i was a walk-on for the clemson football team  time to get it done 
 pattiberi although this is a tremendous loss for congress & the us  i understand the decision and wish pat the bes…
rt  glfop  fop applauds passage of  repannwagner s  allow states & victims to fight online sex trafficking act   police can now investigate…
oncor is passing along their savings from taxreform to 3 4 million homes and businesses in texas  including  tx31… 
rt  financialcmte  this week  we approved 15 bills on a wide range of topics including reg relief for community financial institutions  gr…
it was great to meet with the tennessee ambulance service association   tnelectric &  utextension today in dc  than…
rt  realdonaldtrump  korean war to end  the united states  and all of its great people  should be very proud of what is now taking place in…
tune in 
america needs to keep its promise to our seniors who for years have paid into these programs and worked tirelessly…
out with the old  in with the new  starting next year  you will be able to file your taxes under a new  simplified…
congratulations to sanjay mehrotra on being named the next ceo of  microntech  welcome to idaho 
thanks mari from crystal group in cedar rapids for asking me   how can i help you drain the swamp   contact speaker…
welcome to the  pa  delegation  conor lamb 
our second panel with dr  sarah barlow  dr  olga gupta  and dr  david teuscher provided us with some great insight…
rt  waysandmeansgop  the  socialsecurity has been operating for 5y without a senate-confirmed leader  yesterday   repkevinbrady  samspresss…
the list of companies that are handing out bonuses and increasing wages due to tax reform just keeps on growing  th…
rt  nwsmobile  near record heat again today with a chance of isolated to scattered storms  especially in southern and eastern parts of the…
yesterday  i had the pleasure of sitting down with  repmccaul   hurdonthehill  and  repgallagher to discuss what co…
today s house passage of h r  38  the concealed carry reciprocity act  is a win both for gun owners everywhere and…
just met with the leadership at comtrea to discuss how best we can serve the most vulnerable in our community  they…
  repgoodlatte   we are working towards a solution that will promote fairness for all retailers without violating t…
great news   potus signed my bill to name a post office after fallen pearland police officer endy ekpanya into law …
rt  blopezstewart  the southern border is the soft underbelly of our nation and it has to be secured   repjeffduncan  pp2018 
during today s hearing  i specifically asked mark zuckerberg about an incident where a recent ad from franciscan un…
it was a pleasure to meet so many marylanders this saturday on smith island - thanks to everyone who attended the t…
motivated by the rebounding economy and confidence in  potus s policies  g a09 s advanced digital cable just comple…
🚨tomorrow  feb  27  at 1 30 p m  reg  reform and antitrust subcommittee will hold an oversight hearing on the cvs-a…
icymi   tysonfoods decided to invest in their employees as a result of tax reform 
 californialiber  ingrahamangle precisely the opposite    
rt  robertharding  which airports struggle to meet security standards   repjohnkatko wants to know
this is a major step in righting a wrong that too many veterans have lived with for far too long 
on saturday april 28  i am hosting my 10th annual emergency preparedness summit at little elm hs  speakers include…
hasc strategic forces release mark for  fy19ndaa   ndaa  - go faster in modernization and acquisition  org & manageme…
 a reader lives a thousand lives before he dies    the man who never reads lives only one   - george r r  martin…
i was so honored to be a part of this weekend s ceremony and i wish col  williams continued success as he begins as…
just got back from viewing the classified report from house intel committee    the american people should be able t…
my mobile office is coming to bull shoals on wednesday  april 18th  get more information here …
icymi   repgoodlatte via  nvdaily  farm bill opportunity to connect all americans
don t forget that tuesday is tax day  it s the last time you ll ever have to file under the old tax code 
my op-ed on why we shouldn t privatize our air traffic control was published in today s  washtimes  no privatized a t c
families are suffering under the immense weight of increasing premiums and a lack of quality in care  obamacare…
it is encouraging to see the results of a growing economy because of taxreform  tax cuts and jobs act
i remain committed to getting the repeal and replacement of the aca into law  watch my interview with  varneyco 
an honor to meet with mr  william cones to deliver a navy e ribbon and meritorious unit commendation earned during…
state-sponsored cyberattacks on the u s  are increasing exponentially from china  n  korea  iran  & russia  so i in…
rt  twoodard8    uta  has one of the best  if not the best nursing program in the nation   -  repjoebarton at today s dreammakers scholars…
rt  reptomemmer  happy birthday to my friend  colleague and fellow minnesotan  reperikpaulsen  have enjoyed working alongside you in congre…
when it comes to  daca  and immigration  we should not stop working toward a solution  read more …
rt  monroenews  coming up wednesday  congressman tim walberg will host a community forum about the heroin crisis at 6 p m  wednesday at mon…
the cbo must modernize the way it scores preventative health legislation so that we better understand long-term sav…
in a  housescience hearing  i questioned  energy dept  undersecretary on overcoming bureaucratic barriers to gettin…
i m glad to see so many important organizations supporting my new bill to make retirement saving easier for more am…
rt  repjenniffer  chairing today s  natresources indian  insular and alaska native affairs subcommittee hearing  we are examining  repdonyo…
tax reform is helping manufacturers across the country 
rt  aurorahuskies  thank you  repadriansmith for the tour of the capitol last night  aurorahuskies ahsdctrip
an honor to meet with  secretarysonny to discuss the importance of crop insurance  nafta  tpp resurrection  work re…
  senatorisakson and i have introduced the veterans cemetery benefit correction act  which would ensure our…
last year  president trump took decisive action when assad launched a chemical weapons attack against his own peopl…
watch  thanks to the tax cutsand jobs act  the average family of 4 will see  2 059 more 
rt  morningsmaria  rep  barr on pelosi s  crumbs  comments  she is totally out of touch w/  repandybarr
rt  natresources  utility bills across the country are dropping  why  tax reform 💡 
to all of those celebrating the first night of passover  i hope you have an evening filled with peace and happiness 
 repgoodlatte  i am pleased the house is considering this resolution today  which highlights the critical need to s…
it was great visiting with you all 
among the tax day bills on the house floor today  my legislation with  repdelbene to improve protections for taxpay…
rt  drzuhdijasser  excited  honored to participate in  repchrisstewart stewart security summit this morning in salt lake city with  byronyor…
the good news keeps coming in  uppco announced they were lowering rates for u p  residents  now 13 other michigan u…
saddened by violence and praying for peace  happy though that today  70 years after the u s  recognized israel as a…
fifth third has a number of locations across the fourth district  this news will directly benefit workers in the di…
excited to see construction on campbell s market  making progress towards ending the food desert in vinton co   oh15 
criminal aliens should not be allowed to hide from law enforcement in illegal sanctuary cities  i m proud of the 5t…
this week i joined 100  house colleagues in sending a letter to potus expressing our deep concerns over his propose…
he also confirmed this meant individuals who aren t allowed to work here can get this credit 
president trump  along with congress  has signed 25 executive orders  enacted bills  and removed numerous burdensome regulations 
increasing vocational education in northern michigan has been one of my top priorities while in congress 
73 years ago today  more than 160 000 allied troops landed on the beaches of normandy to liberate europe  their sacrifice is not forgotten 
joined colleagues from neighboring congressional districts to talk about importance of waterways to economy  did…
rt  waysandmeansgop  from a farm in millsboro  delaware  to a tech firm in idaho falls  idaho  to a brewery in gulfport  mississippi  emplo…
 when non-profit educational institutions were provided tax-exempt status  it was due to the rationale that they pr…
subcommittee on energy and mineral resources holding a hearing today on my legislation  h r  3846  the power counti…
today we honor  billygraham by lying him in honor at the capitol rotunda  rev  graham is the 4th private citizen to…
rt  repdavetrott  today marks the last time that american taxpayers will ever have to deal with an old  broken tax code  next year  a typic…
losing a home to flooding is terrible  and continuing to have to pay insurance premiums on an unlivable house sold…
rt  jecrepublicans  per  wsjopinion   the real threat is the continuation of slow economic growth   tax reform will help change that 
congrats to liam herbst of  sb_schools on earning a full tuition scholarship to iowa state  that s incredible news …
today is tax day2018  which marks the end of our outdated tax laws  thanks to the tax cuts jobs act  next year  centr…
did you know that the u s  unemployment rate is currently the lowest it has been since 2000  thanks to our pro-grow…
rt  rodneydavis  hr 3298 amends the uscp memorial fund to cover officers  like special agents griner & bailey  who are seriously injured in…
during the month of november my office will be sharing the stories of  al06  veterans  learn how to share yours here 
my full statement on the passing of my friend  jon huntsman  senior  utpol
exactly what the doctor ordered    the tax cuts and jobs act is the perfect prescription for folks who work at cvs in…
horrific  thoughts and prayers with the people of barcelona 
rt  natresources  at 10 00 am  natresources meets to hear testimony on  interior s maintenance backlog & innovative ways to finance and imp…
  mrsb1stgraders thanks for your question  ask buddy
rt  mactxpress  this year i am going to take you behind the scenes of the national defense authorization act  ndaa  process – from the begi…
my statement on the national defense authorization act  ndaa 
cadet calli mcmullen  a 2016  gmcprep graduate & one of the first students i nominated to receive a service academy…
rt  cbsnews  hope hicks   white lies  testimony becomes a flashpoint for the house intelligence committee 
 dollartree joins the club  they announced they will raise hourly wages  increase the availability of hours to work…
as a former mayor  i know the challenges our local communities face and it requires dedicated leaders to work toget…
a winter s morning in gilliam county 
recently the defense appropriations subcommittee  on which i serve  held hearings to review the fy2019 budget reque…
congratulations to  gilmouracademy and  solonschools girls basketball teams for making the ohsaa girls basketball s…
merit monday  hr559 
breaking  a  usgao report i requested in 2016 on  ppfa reveals more than  1 5 billion in taxpayer   is going to the…
our gospel calls us to  bind up the brokenhearted  to proclaim freedom for the captives and release from darkness f…
excited to see the new withholding tables put out by the treasury today  they estimate that 90% of americans will h…
impressive upset by  af_hky last night  fly-fight-win 
rt  cassvilleschool   usreplong took some time to visit with several of our fifth grade students today  what a great learning opportunity f…
middle income utah families of 4 will see a  2306 tax cut because of the tax cutsand jobs act find out more at…
  tgowdysc  anyone entering society after the shortest of absence will find things have changed dramatically 
energy independence will help create american jobs  lower costs for american families and help protect our interest…
congressman griffith talking with olympic gold medalists  michaelphelps and  adammcnelson before today s…
chairman  drphilroe just announced upcoming hearings with veterans service organizations 
rt  usip  financial systems are being attacked every day  says  repstevepearce  citing examples from bangladesh to ukraine 
wow- congratulations to fishers junior high school on their victory in the we the people national invitational …
rt  bretthambright  in the pequea valley sd this morning for a pre kfor pa event   lancaster_da stedman joins  repsmucker  repbryancutler &…
it was a pleasure to speak with members of  amvetshq today and discuss issues that are important to hoosier veteran…
we have been denied our sacred duty to debate and declare war  yet we continue to squander lives and taxpayers  mon…
heavy heart for steinle family since the asinine verdict  will keep working on legislation prohibiting federal    …
when the  able  act was signed into law it had record bipartisan support  it s about empowering people  that s why i…
some of the men and women that help make academy day a success  thank you to our academy board  rotc volunteers  an…
video  last night  i talked with  ingrahamangle about why the intelligence committee memo i read needs to be declas…
surveillance reform press conference starts now 
it is troubling that despite having a warrant requirement  the exceptions are so broad they eviscerate the rule  pa…
yesterday the house passed my  milconva  approps bill as part of  hr3219  the make america secure again act  great news for veterans   1/7 
rt  tulsipress  rep  tulsi gabbard   repscottperry introduce bill to permanently end warrantless collection of americans  emails
rt  justinamash  this morning  every republican in congress who blasted government growth under pres  obama gets to answer the following qu…
congratulations  jenny - our country needs more teachers like you  keep up the good work
rt  emilie_ikeda  dogs  discovery of revolutionary war graves leads to preservation victory  foxnews kettle creek battlefield  congressmanhi…
house-passed ndaa agreement  bicameral and bipartisan bill  is a great step for national security  our men and wome…
proud of the leadership of chancellor sharp  tamusystem  confucius institutes are a threat to our nation s security…
i can t wait to cheer on the  nhlpreds tonight as they take on  avalanche in smashville  g o preds stand with us
don t mess with the great lakes
another great tax reform story  american family insurance giving bonuses to employees  enhancing employee benefits…
 capt  shults  aviation career is a true inspiration for women who want to enter the field of aviation  
icymi  north country families continue to struggle with expensive prescriptions  i wanted to take a moment to updat…
icymi
thank you  femalefarmers for your support of the  stress  act 
enjoyed visiting with rare disease legislative advocates who stopped by my office in washington this week 
in april  i met with beaver valley nuclear power station workers and i told my constituents that i would do everyth…
thank you to all the folks at harbrand fertilizer in clinton for the tour this morning  as a member of the…
rt  housegop  paychecks are going ↑ and tax headaches are going ↓
i recalled a testimony i once heard from dr  andrew young  a witness to dr  king s murder  he said he realized late…
tonight s q a session with tricare on upcoming enrollment changes is still on schedule  regardless of the governmen…
rt  repthomasmassie  it s not too late to pass my 2013 bill  to restrict funds related to escalating u s military involvement in syria   ht…
i look forward to talking with  kennedynation tonight about supporting & defending our constitution 
long night  shared my reaction here & on facebook  memorable final state of the union & great to be in house chamber…
 as students in crawford county were making their voices heard  their representative in congress was taking action …
3 protect the most vulnerable  and 4  improve retirement security 
held hearing today on ms-13  strong testimony from fbi  homeland security  nassau & suffolk pd and victims  familie…
rt  jhsph_chs  watch clade x live here 
don t forget  the military service academy application deadline for  md01  students is oct  30  apply here 
 crainschicago  repbost  rephultgren  janschakowsky please check your email - a press release was sent 
headed to washington - house will debate  amend & plan to approve multi-year faa authorization this week  critical…
special delivery in  satx  📦great time going undercover with  ups this weekend to deliver packages to a few of our…
  konradwilder ask rep ralph norman
congratulations to everyone involved with this historic and exciting launch 
here is my news release on adding my name to the discharge petition petition on immigration today …
wheelersburg hs from scioto co  won their regional competition will be representing oh in the national science bowl…
reminder to our high school students- sign up for my  congressionalac to compete against other  nj  coders 
very shortly  i will be speaking on the  housefloor on my bill to reduce regulations on small banks  you can watch…
rt  franklin_graham  happy birthday to my friend phil robertson  duckcommanderpr 
congratulations to alabama for winning the national championship  roll tide 17
rt  foxbusiness  breaking news   fedex announces more than  3 2b in wage increases  bonuses
just introduced bipartisan cara 2 0 as the lead sponsor  the legislation authorizes sweeping resources to fight the…
congratulations to mr  richard spanier  ceo of rudolph research analytical in washington township  for being named…
rt  repabraham  i joined the  lafarmbureau voice of louisiana agriculture podcast to discuss policies in the farm bill  including important…
the schumer shutdown was a reckless ploy by democrats to score political points against  potus & republicans in con…
thank you  nickzerwas for never giving up  right to try
rt  repbrianmast  bipartisan bills we passed this week will strengthen cybersecurity  increase protections against identity theft and drama…
visit to learn how you can help prevent drug addiction and fight the opioidcrisis …
icymi  here is my weekly newsletter - the hill report 
rt  foxbusiness  breaking news   exxonmobil ceo darren woods announced the company plans to invest  50 billion in the united states over th…
rt  thecaguard   absolutely pitiful  when we don t take care of those who serve --  usmc vet  reppaulcook  team_wfw
rt  speakerryan  human trafficking in the united states must end  proud to sign legislation that enhances criminal penalties for websites t…
disability assistance and memorial affairs chairman  repbost and ranking member  repesty just introduced legislatio…
beware  with tax day fast approaching  these red flags on your tax return could trigger an  irsnews audit  read mor…
rt  houseappropsgop  news  house appropriations committee moves emergency hurricane and wildfire funding legislation
i spoke with  kalbtv5 about changes to census2020  we have to get a clear count of how many citizens we have and h…
tune in to  wcbm680 this morning at 7 05 for more info on  housegop s plan for tax reform
meeting ms  florida citrus at florida citrus hall of fame booth
today  the bipartisan harvey task force met to discuss the federal role in hurricane harvey relief efforts 
icymi  an article in yesterday s  nytimes highlights the harm being caused by the aca s employer mandate  which we …
house passes bipartisan bill to block operation choke point tactics operation choke point
this bill will serve as a house companion bill to a similar senate proposal led by  senthomtillis  chriscoons…
any time we can allow hard-working idahoans to keep more of their money  that s a good thing  today  i voted for a…
  housescience chair  lamarsmithtx21 and environment subcommittee chair  repandybiggsaz on sensible priorities for…
today  on my 50th birthday  i m in a reflective mood – thinking of the many blessings of my life so far  my mom  my…
tax cuts  jobs and slashing obama-era regulations at historic rates    just a few of the topics i got to discuss…
talking to  varneyco this morning at 8 15am central  weighing in on the caravans arriving at u s -mexico border & s…
rt  stevescalise  great trip with  repmarkwalker  rep  gianforte   repjohncurtis  &  reparrington to an offshore oil rig  this trip allows…
rt  foxnews    jim_jordan   why did they release the text messages in the first place between peter strzok and lisa page  why d they only r…
can you make it out for coffee next week  i ll be hosting my 16th and 17th coffee with your congresswoman events  t…
congressman griffith s weekly e-newsletter 5 14 18 topic  a real chance to cut spending
i m calling on usps to reverse unexpected  drastic rate hikes that hurt nonprofits  like  oyr_sj & troop mailing fu…
browse this article on speaker ryan from last week confirming we won t cut rates for high-income earners 
last week members of the  oss   our first strategic intelligence system & the precursor to the  cia  received a con…
congratulations to rsc steering member  repbradwenstrup on being awarded the soldier s medal today for his heroism…
rt  lmorrisontr  ohiomeansjobs tuscarawas county is teaming up again w/u s  rep  bob gibbs  wjer radio  county chamber of commerce  & goodw…
today  the subcommittee on health advanced my bill to crack down on medicare fraud  which is vital to the preservat…
spoiler  my pizza turned out great and was delicious  small business  wa04 
rt  abc22fox45  watch live  online here 
more than 2 8 million americans sustain traumatic brain injuries in the united states each year  visit…
the trump administration is right to crack down on sanctuary cities  these cities disregard federal laws and put am…
yep 
iran s aggression inside israeli territory merited a forceful response  these actions demonstrated iran s dangerous…
rt  financialcmte  happening now ➡️
rt  kevcirilli   we ve had concerns about why does the cfpb need to even collect personal data   --  repfrenchhill  bloombergtv  business  …
hosting a  tricare  town hall on oct 26 in reno  more info here 
incredible  a job well done  mr  president  secretary pompeo
rt  senorrinhatch   the senate  did not cast votes to block the bill to fund the government  senate democrats did  schumer shutdown h…
i will continue listening to hoosiers while working to narrow this policy and minimize any negative impact on local…
learn more about our work on this important issue here 
can t begin to tell you how much i admire what these women do  they feed our kids every day  fighting to give them…
during womens history month we celebrate all the contributions that women have made to society - and continue to do so today 
rt  waysandmeansgop  chairman  repkevinbrady discusses trade and  potus s proposed tariffs on  cnbc this morning   this isn t about backing…
breaking  the house has passed the tax cuts and jobs act 
rt  call9medical    repadriansmith said in a recent congressional hearing that 19% of all ambulance transfers to the hospital come from nur…
it s reckless that the democrats are jeopardizing our military s pay & national security  along with funding for ch…
did you know → the average family of 4 making  59 000 a year would pay  1 182 less each year under our tax plan 
this afternoon  the house will vote on a balanced budget amendment to the constitution  an amendment like this woul…
8  at a federal level  explore restructuring possibilities for fema  removing it from the umbrella of the departmen…
 otd  in 1845  our great state became the 28th to join the united states of america  god bless texas and god bless america 
today s new cdc numbers on autism regrettably show a greater prevalence—up 20% in nj to 1 in 34 kids  this quantif…
may their sacrifices never be forgotten rememberthe fallen memorial day downers grove
the bill cuts the rates for the same reason president barack obama wanted to in 2012   our current corporate tax sy…
doj should fully implement justice for victims of trafficking act  jvta  enforce j v t a
tomorrow is tax day and the good news is this is the last year you will have to file using the old  broken code  ch…
rt  brandonntu  nice commentary piece by  repmarkwalker rescissions
rt  thetrcp  thanks  repryanzinke for your support of america s publiclands  you are truly public lands proud 
join me on armed forces day and every day in saluting our troops for their unwavering patriotic duty to our nation 
the 4th graders at  southsideelem in columbus are a bright group of young hoosiers  enjoyed meeting them today 
rt  jennybethm  we call on congress to pass  repsanfordsc s penny plan bill so  potus can sign a law that will ensure our children and gran…
instead of addressing ongoing international conflicts and working to uphold human rights  the united nations is hol…
community health centers like valley family play a critical role for rural communities in or & across the country …
all of us on the baseball field last june owe our lives to the bravery of these officers and the u s  capitol polic…
it was great to visit roberts funeral home – dunnellon s oldest business  the roberts family has dedicated their li…
happening soon  i ll be on  foxnews at 4 20pm et discussing trade with  teamcavuto 
statement on the strike on syria   va10 
rt  stevescalise  proud to see my hero  colonel  repbradwenstrup  awarded with the army s distinguished soldier s medal at a ceremony today…
absolutely incredible  welcome home  gentlemen 
rt  boblatta  another week brings more good economic news  from marketplace   the labor market is so strong that it s even drawing back in…
rt  stevescalise  happy birthday  usnavy 
rt  gratoday  we had another great restaurant roundtable yesterday  hosted by  amicimadison  thank you to  congressmanhice for meeting with…
rt  alzimpact  thank you  tomcoleok04 for continuing your commitment to alzheimer s research funding at the  nih  together  we can  endalz… 
rt  ovacinfo   ovacinfo is proud to present our 2017 congressional cancer champion award to  tomcoleok04 &  nitalowey cancer voice
rt  lsureveille   lsu  will be closed wednesday  jan  17 due to extreme winter weather 
last night  i voted to keep the government open & extend child health insurance for 6 years for 4 516 kids in desch…
we must work harder together to really address the opioidcrisis that affects many people & families in new mexico …
flying over  tx14  to assess the damage from harvey  it s hard to put these sights into words   
i look forward to voting yes on this legislation  which the house had already passed in july and then again in sept…
san diego county residents can sign up for emergency alerts on the following website 
joined the bipartisan working group this week in taking action to tackle our nation s fiscal challenges  learn more
  repjackbergman  drnealdunnfl2  repjimbanks  repscottpeters introduce legislation to stabilize  deptvetaffairs pur…
jeremy  i ll take you with me when i take on everest   lapoliticsnow
 hr2  is about standing w/ our farmers & ranchers  it protects crop insurance  includes programs to protect trade  &…
now  chairman  rep_stevewomack joins  mariabartiromo on  morningsmaria to discuss the omnibus spending package  wa…
meeting w/ group of bright  young ak students to discuss their visit and experience in dc as part of…
rt  cafarmbureau  during cfbf board of directors trip to capitol hill   replamalfa meets with cfbf director blake alexandre  1st vp  sdougl…
in honor of the 70th anniversary of israel s independence day  here is a  tbt  from my congressional delegation trip…
thanks to all those who came out for our local government services day in paulding county yesterday  the high calib…
happy 21st birthday abigail  momma and i are very proud of you  ❤️🌹😘
exciting things happening in sycamore  including a number of companies expanding their operations and other good ec…
i wrote to  seemacms today to support a policy change that would prevent a communitypharmacy from being excluded f…
an important  life-saving message for all drivers from  domtiberi
mac s statement on failure to pass health care bill   ahca  health care reform
rt  senatorshoshana  oh my gosh i am screaming  cjdieterle and i are cited in the  republicanstudy 2019 budget                      
america was founded on prayer  today  on national prayer day  we take a moment to pause and reflect on our blessing…
question 4  why did comey fail to mention he had secretly hired his friend  law professor daniel richman  as a  spe…
rt  wsjecon  the share of americans expecting their incomes to decline over the next six months fell to the lowest level since december 200…
do you believe good deeds deserve to be rewarded  i do  read about my bill  h r  378  that just passed the house 
full remarks 
rt  speakerryan  today  the  uscapitol flags are lowered to half-staff in honor of our country s law enforcement who have given their lives…
excited to join cpac2018  because the time for action is now 
on this day in 1941  the republic p-47 thunderbolt took its first flight  it was one of the main fighters of wwii 
happy 227th  uscg  ty for your service and sacrifice in maintaining maritime safety and security  nationally and in…
my office bundled up 8 225 holiday cards that we collected and mailed them to the deployed utah service members thi…
american energy is the most effective tool we have to counter russia  american energy dominance
our gov t shouldn t be penalizing manufacturers for making goods here in america  that s why i was proud to vote fo…
i ll be joining  rollcall s health care decoded event tomorrow to discuss medicaid  tune in at 11am 
congrats to kyle duncan on his confirmation  he is exceptionally qualified and will do a terrific job as judge for…
about to join  americanewsroom  there s a lot to discuss this morning  so make sure to tune in 
had fun chatting with  mnmilitaryradio today  be sure to listen to our conversation airing this weekend  click here…
last week i met with students from the u s  army war college to talk about how i got my start in congress and my to…
 cfpb  senwarren  repmaxinewaters  cfpb ignored the abundance of data available from the states  instead taking a b…
rt  stevescalise  tune in  i will be speaking shortly on this important legislation 
our military readiness crisis has come at too high a cost  in 2017 alone we lost 80 service members in training acc…
glad  senatedems have come to their senses and are voting to end the schumer shutdown  we need to reopen the gover…
rt  natresources  live at 2 pm  natresources will hold a legislative hearing on  h r  1992 by  repandybarr h r  3008 by  conawaytx11  h r …
raises  stock grants  more paid time off  more paternity leave  more great news for american workers …
the iranian regime wants america & israel destroyed  the iran deal gave them access to the world stage & emboldened…
i admire speaker ryan s leadership as we worked to pass tax cuts for american families  rebuild our military for pe…
the new u s -south korea free trade agreement  korus  is good for the american economy  good for american workers …
rt  houseagnews  the 2018 farm bill doesn t just tell  snap  recipients to go get a job  it helps them find one  the bill requires states to…
rt  tmsimmons  congrats  vashti hinton  on being the first capitol hill hire from this important new program  and thanks for your leadershi…
i m pleased to share this veterans  day tribute on my website throughout the month of november honoring southwest w…
happening now   housejudiciary holds hearing on preventable violence in america  an examination of law enforcement…
join me at noon on  foxbusiness to talk about the schumer shutdown—the one in which senate democrats refuse to pass…
rt  waysandmeansgop  on april 25th w&m will hold its third hearing on the  jobs gap   details ⬇️https //t co/jkbzmzrjmy
in philipsburg centre county for eagle scout court of honor for jeffrey daniel ivicic  nesa   bsa 
harper floor statement supporting h r  1917  via  youtube
 krudell  vickimiko 2 bad u r unable 2 adequately advocate what u supposedly believe ur vulgarity suggests arrogance  ignorance or both 
  reprussell  wasting tax dollars because of a failure to coordinate is unacceptable 
students  submit your artwork for a chance to have it hang in the u s  capitol for a year  learn more here 
watch my speech from last friday that  captsully shared  in the speech i explain why we shouldn t privatize atc…
the tax cutsand jobs act doubles the standard deduction & that s good news for seniors 
 victoryinlove at least one other pertinent and timely question  does  realdonaldtrump have the constitutional auth…
taxpayers in wi deserve to keep more of their hard-earned money  that s what the tax cuts and jobs act will do …
rt  repmarkwalker  pleased to announce newest committee assignment on the committee on house administration  1/2  ht…
rt  westerncaucus  today   realdonaldtrump &  secretaryzinke released an aggressive plan to unlock offshore oil and gas resources that will…
after the scandals and e-mail fiasco at the irs  i helped champion laws to stop irs abuse like political targeting …
rt  midland_high  representative john moolenaar visited mhs this morning to meet the winners of the 2017 congressional app challenge  cong…
remembering the life of officer blake snyder and all of the fallen and their families this peace officers memorial…
the united states stands strongly with israel and today s historic opening of our embassy in jerusalem reaffirms am…
congressman griffith s weekly e-newsletter 1 19 18 topics  chip  the rest of the story
i m always proud to support rural healthcare 
the schumer shutdown means 2 million members of the military will not be paid  100 00 national guardsmen will be se…
congrats to  parkerpaace for being recognized as the one of the 11 finalist in  niaaanews and  cadca s know more…
tax reform bonuses in burnsville   great to see this happening for mn02
also included is  1 2 billion for the home investment partnerships program  which leverages this funding with priva…
rt  thesafetychick   tbt  to when  repedroyce & i were lobbying to pass the 1st federal anti stalking law 2 protect victims from their stalk…
posey to help launch the 5th annual cocoa beach  foot prints in the sand  kidney walk
release   housescience chairman  lamarsmithtx21 s statement on  repjbridenstine s confirmation as  nasa administrat…
grateful for a president who is focused on delivering what our military needs to achieve its mission   sotu 
my friend elaine chao is the perfect choice for transportation secretary  read my full statement 
the penny plan cuts a single penny from every dollar of federal spending to balance the budget in 5 years …
on friday  i had the honor of presenting local hero noah king the carnegie medal  the carnegie medal is awarded to…
rt  ac360  gowdy  leaking of classified information or information that was acquired through another crime is a criminal matter
my prayers are with all of the victims and their families this morning in las vegas  our first responders deserve thanks 
barbara bush holds a revered place in the hearts of generations of americans  she so loved her family and our count…
what do taxcuts mean for your family  your community  my op-ed in  foxnews →
 repgregwalden  repshimkus learn more about the nwpaa before next week s house vote &gt &gt 
red flag laws with due process both respect the second amendment and help us keep weapons out of the hands of those…
congrats to the new  housegop leadership team  we re ready to hit the ground running   read my full statement here→
rt  butlersheriff  we are celebrating national animal care and control appreciation week  these deputy dog wardens are such an asset to our…
i am deeply saddened to hear of willis s passing  i was lucky enough to work with willis in dayton  his career-long…
in today s e& c hearing we discussed federal efforts to combat opioid abuse
it was an honor to posthumously present four medals to the family of korean war veteran richard bragdon in ashland…
very important from  alzmnnd via  minnpost   to end alzheimer s disease  we must treat it like the public-health th…
flynally
started the day off right at the  kyfb annual breakfast in dc 
rt  ready_nation  read   repjoewilson talks about the vital importance of career and technical education to closing the skillsgap and buil…
this womens history month  congress is working to make sex trafficking a thing of the past  read my op-ed from this…
cotton is permanently back in the farm bill as a title 1 commodity crop and the  usda has reinstated the cotton gin…
last night  i voted to keep the government open & extend child health insurance for 6 years for 801 kids in hood ri…
i requested more     for central utah water --and it s been included in the new appropriations bill  i m proud to…
ohio s entrepreneurs & startups need taxreform to innovate  create jobs & boost wages 
throwback thursday to february 16  2018 when i was in the oval office with  realdonaldtrump for the signing of kari…
thank you  potus for  fosta  into law  perpetrators of human trafficking and those who facilitate the exploitation o…
happy to have the  dsmpartnership in washington this week  the more iowa we can bring to dc  the better 
rt  houseappropsgop  watch live  the transportation  hud subcommittee is now holding a hearing on the fy19 budget for  fta_dot  usdotfhwa &…
obamacare in three words  unsuccessful  unworkable  unaffordable  there s a better way to put you back in charge of health care 
in 2017  1 in 10 people around the world didn t have access to a safe water supply  today  on world water day  we br…
spot on from  jim_jordan  why did director comey fail to disclose that he had secretly hired his friend--as a  spec…
great to sit down with  hearst to discuss our work  housecommerce to combat the opioid epidemic head on
breaking  the house just voted to pass major tax reform for the first time in over 30 years  in a major victory f…
a big thank you to michael  sara  & emily for their dedication to the constituents of pa s 11th district during the…
more good news as result of tax cutsand jobs act 
december is a chance for us to remember the amazing work our country has produced 
rt  gopsenfinance  hundreds of companies are boosting wages and giving bonuses as a result of taxreform  here are 10 examples of workforce…
icymi  my opening statement at today s  fy19ndaa  hearing as chairman of the readiness subcommittee 
today  i hosted 2 business manufacturers roundtables with business owners from craig  ottawa  rogers  & mayes count…
 every single day  brave men and women protect us and keep us safe across east alabama and the country  these law…
major u s  job creators are already pledging to invest more in their operations and their employees  thanks to our…
big news - concealed carry reciprocity passes the house  read my full statement on this important legislation  he…
goodlatte praises the ipec report as a  thorough strategy to continue economic growth by ensuring american innovati…
rt  govrauner  did you know illinois passed the first piece of legislation in the us which prohibited sex discrimination in employment  in…
always great to have fellow texan  secretaryperry testify before  housecommerce sub energy 
check this out  more and more companies across pennsylvania are giving back to their employees and communities  her…
rt  living_goods  a8  the r e a c h act—with support from  tomcoleok04  chriscoons  repdandonovan  davereichert  senatorcollins & more—establis…
i ll be hosting a live  telephone town hall tomorrow  may 9 from 5 30 - 6 30pm  you can join the event at any time…
rt  waysandmeansgop  there is good news for americans this tax day  chairman  repkevinbrady and majority whip  stevescalise explain ⬇️
rt  cspanwj  thur| rep   warrendavidson  r-oh  takes your calls & tweets on various topics including speaker ryan s retirement  tune in at…
rt  adl_national    roslehtinen imparts her wisdom at  nls2018   while the issue of equality often gets politicized  we need to remember eve…
special thanks to  brett_wgem for coming out to lewis hybrids this morning to discuss the impact of trade on our lo…
interested in touring sites in washington dc  happy to assist  contact my office here 
congratulations to wakulla middle school teacher katrina roddenberry for being selected by the space foundation as…
in queso you missed it   
victims of crime like bianaca are the reason that congressman jim costa  d-ca  and i formed the congressional victi…
beauty counter is working to get safer products into the hands of consumers  my office met with them to discuss how…
great conversation about  daca  and immigration today w/a young man urging congress find solutions  i told him i a…
so many wonderful people to catch up with today at the south dakota sunrise coffee  thanks to everyone who took a b…
rt  congressmanhice  the more we hear about the  fbi s handling of investigations involving  hillaryclinton  the more obvious it becomes th…
read my full statement on why i voted to keep the government open & extend funding for the children s health insura…
as a father  i have great respect for speaker ryan s decision to make his family his priority & understand his desi…
happy valentine s day and thank you to all those who participated in my valentines for heroes program this year  be…
rt  repwesterman  national park week continues  today s site is in sebastian county  the fort smith national historic site tells the story o…
happy birthday michigan  admitted to the union this day in 1837 
good news  taxreform is already bringing new investments & bonuses to some hard-working americans 
our hearts and prayers go out to the bush family tonight after the passing of mrs  bush  she was a strong woman  wi…
also joined dr  hayden  the  libnofcongress  on a tour of the mazza museum in findlay  dr  hayden then read the bo…
today marks 110 years of service for the  usarmyreserve  thank you for your service  dedication  and for always bei…
happy birthday   usnationalguard  thank you to all the brave men and women who serve in the idaho national guard 
 skip1p4me this bill is still a priority for me and something i continue to work on 
great discussion with german members of parliament  the european union  and the german administration regarding tax…
celebrating womens history month  meet dr  laura hammack  superintendent of brown county schools and committed hoosi…
fbi director wray needs to provide an explanation for why the fbi deleted six months  worth of strozk-page text mes…
rt  mjbizdaily  congressman explains why us needs federal marijuana reform
rt  housegop    cathymcmorris  we owe it to our service members to make sure they have the tools and resources to safely train  restore rea…
 mikehansen234 mike  i wish i was skiing out in utah today  unfortunately  i m stuck in dc for the schumer shutdown…
healthy trees are the best trees  🌲🌳arbor day
i m always proud showing off local central valley products 
great meeting you 
this morning  we heard from witnesses at a joint subcommittee hearing examining the impacts of opioids on american…
  bestbuy is giving out bonuses to over 100 000 employees thanks to tax cuts from the tax cutsand jobs act  more good…
victims of human trafficking will no longer be able to be sold on the number one digital marketplace of modern day slavery 
happy to join the  abilene_chamber s wake up wednesday in honor of small business week  congratulations to atown cle…
rt  nick_sauer  was great to join so many  lzareacc members    peterroskam   danmcconchie   chris_bos   joelsikes189 & other great communit…
 fitz527 i voted for the assault weapons ban in 1994 & want it reinstated 
rt  housegop  a little snow won t stop us  votesonvotes 
today  we celebrated the ribbon cutting at hopewell cottages  which will provide affordablehousing to people in he…
rt  mikekellypa  congratulations to my great friend & colleague rep  sam johnson of texas on being named the inaugural  republicanstudy mem…
fyi  the irs has announced it will grant taxpayers a one-day extension to file and pay taxes  you have until midnig…
headed back to washington for votes tonight and tomorrow s state of the union  but for those in goose creek and sum…
breaking news→ just swore in the newest member of the house of representatives  rep  debbie lesko from arizona 
the president s iran deal falls woefully short  check out my op-ed in  tulsaworld this morning
first in war  first in peace  and first in the hearts of his countrymen  happy 286th birthday to our first presiden…
guatemala just announced that they are joining the u s  in may by also moving their embassy to israel s capital je…
rt  billprofita  dc current - brought to you by labi   repgarretgraves on now  talk1073  ambr 
i ll be hosting neighborhood office hours in bluffton this afternoon   
school choice means giving parents access to the best k-12 education options for their children—options like tradit…
great read from  russvought45 on how congress and the trump administration can work together to rescind unused fund…
it was a great honor to work with the students at the  weissschool   who designed a satellite to be launched into s…
rt  reprodblum  big win for iowans   alliantenergy to pass their tax cut savings to customers 
 repcurbelo many thanks  rep  curbelo 
thank you  teamcavuto for having me on to discuss the senate & tax reform--in particular  salt and 401k deductions 
 repjohnlarson & i have both introduced plans  & while very different  they both permanently fix social security s solvency 
rt  nasahubble  happy pi day  march 14th represented in numbers is 3 14  which are the first three numbers in the pi constant  pi is a math…
⚡️ housescience weekly wrap-up ⤵️
i m always grateful when south dakotans share their experiences with me  click here to see how your story can influ…
today the office of inspector general at  usdot agreed to the audit i requested on the california high-speed rail p…
i m pleased to see the senate put an end to this unnecessary shutdown  while funding the government in piecemeal fa…
terrible tragedy  my wife renee and i are praying for the families and friends of these four marines 
it s time for tax relief for working americans 
exactly  americans will see the truth for themselves without the misleading media filter 
rt  whitehouse   our values will endure  our nation will thrive  our citizens will flourish  and our freedom will triumph  
my legislation tripling the federal penalty is critical to eradicating this barbaric practice from our community
workforce  oh08 
i look forward to voting on the balanced budget amendment tomorrow  a measure i ve long supported  if we re ever go…
now more than ever we must prioritize federal funding to combat the opioid epidemic that has swept across pennsylva…
congratulations to the winners in the 4th congressional district high school art competition 
congratulations to the students of troy high school 
rt  westerncaucus  today  the  uschamber   shopfloornam   apiglobal and our members called on negotiators to delay the 2015 obama-era ozone…
thanks for having me this morning  sustained economic growth depends on a reliable and fair regulatory structure 
rt  theccul   i m a creditunion member and will always look at how the issues we address affect you  you are our neighbors  and i m a beli…
looking forward to joining  kusinews this morning at 7 40 am  pst   tune in 
✅  fy19ndaa  passed through committee  amazing work by all of my colleagues and staff tonight  full statement 
always an honor serving wa-08  no matter how i m needed 
on this tax day  let s hear directly from the states on the tax cutsand jobs act  missouri -  for the simple fact t…
rt  reptedbudd  tune in now  for an update on monetary policy and the state of the economy from  federalreserve chairman jerome powell  thi…
last week i discussed my recent fact finding mission to niger with  liz_wheeler on  oann  watch here 
rt  legionindc  1/ statement from  americanlegion nat l commander denise rohan  h r  5674  the va mission act  provides necessary and cri…
rt  kkwhb  how local pols expedited doke s mom s visa with kevin yoder at 3 00  jay wright with frank boal at 5 00 
rt  israelinchicago  thank you  repjimbanks for your strong support iran aggression
important & relevant discussion today with minnesota municipal utilities association on the path forward to fix ou…
great story about  potus interior secretary  secretaryzinke immersing himself in the new job 
icymi  this week i had the opportunity to do a q&a session and tour the capitol with 70 young students and their te…
chairman  repmccaul released a statement regarding yesterday s  statedept terrorist designations of key isis-affili…
next leadership speaker is rachel leslie  partner  rjl solutions   sls2018 
rt  fema  we created an irma rumor control page to help you verify what s true and what s not  visit it here 
rt  forestproud   repwesterman  nafoalliance thanks for being forestproud  repwesterman and  nafoalliance
 goodwillcaphill  goodwillnmi i enjoyed learning about your job training programs that help those who experience difficulties to rebound 
joined  anhqdc this afternoon to talk about defeating isis and  potus decision to move the embassy in israel to jer…
i am glad to hear that  flotus s procedure was successful  i am wishing her a full and speedy recovery 
proud to join hundreds of members of congress in cosponsoring the childhood cancer star act  this bill provides add…
rt  natresources  in 1 year   epascottpruitt restored the  epa to it s core mission  slashed job-killing regulations and restored the rule…
thanks to ferry industries for showing stow councilman mike rasor and i around their facility today and allowing me…
our servicemembers deserve the best & safest medical treatments available  especially when they are in harm s way …
happy mother s day  i m richly blessed by my wonderful children and darling grandbaby  and thank god every day for…
the penny plan puts the power of compound interest on the side of limited govt  small growth consistent over time a…
in many  tx23  towns  our public libraries go far beyond providing books and serve as the primary provider of litera…
 ca45  veterans  join my staff this friday at el modena branch library for assistance with the u s  department of ve…
congratulations to  davidfholt on his election as mayor of oklahoma city 
wagner leads letter on behalf of small businesses that rely on the h-2b program --&gt 
fargo is the perfect place for  usagsessions to make the big law enforcement announcement tomorrow  north dakota of…
today i m reminded of how grateful i am for my brothers  yancey and kally  they have been a consistent source of en…
as a result of tax reform paychecks are on the rise  small business confidence is the highest in decades  and job c…
our tax code was outdated  it took too much out of the pockets of hardworking minnesotans and sent it to washington…
icymi ↓
sub d c c p approved draft self-driving legislation that focuses on safety  improved mobility  and innovation
keep up the fight for free speech  
rt  heardonthehill    congressfdn finalists for transparency and accountability are   repstefanik   robwittman   senatorheitkamp   sethmoul…
glad to see my oh senate colleagues and others representing the region support the full funding for the glri
today i joined  repanniekuster   mccaskilloffice  &  senronjohnson in introducing bipartisan legislation to improve…
it s peach day at the u s  capitol  thank you  titanfarms for the south carolina peaches  scagriculture scpeaches
rt  ivankatrump  american small businesses represent a significant portion of us economic activity and are vital to our country s economic…
talking tax reform w prez  going to do it  first time in more than 30 years  help millions of americans  do your…
thank you for making safe driving a priority and to these drivers for their hard  good work 
today we celebrate all of the special minds of those with autism for world autism awareness day  these people offer s…
i m happy to come together w/ the or delegation to help update our shared bridge & make sur…
goodwill inn provides food and shelter for individuals and families experiencing homelessness   goodwillnmi charity
the bill before us today contains  24 billion in such unauthorized spending    freezing unauthorized spending
chairman  mactxpress - you can hope for the best but you have to plan for the worst - beefing up our defense and ca…
taxpayers are on the hook for more than  2m/day because of the federal government s failure to manage spent nuclear…
small business week is a great opportunity to recognize the 29 million small businesses in the u s  this week i will…
i am the first one to sign on   rw
today i co-sponsored the open internet preservation act which will prevent isps from intentionally blocking or slow…
thanks for writing in 
 alanpartridgeii  angrynidaho  thejohnsonpost i did 
why won t the democrats agree to border security  why is immigration more important than funding our soldiers  why…
i will be on  foxnews  seanhannity at 9 35 pm et / 7 35 pm mt to talk about the latest with the  fbi  controversies…
we have heard hundreds of success stories on the tax cuts and jobs act  now  i want to hear from you  share how tax…
today we sent a message to the world that america will not waver in the protection of its people and the defense of…
i spoke with lee matthews on  newsradioktok last week about the 350 jobs that kratos defense & security solutions w…
thank you  potus for removing harmful regulations so america can be more globally competitive and a top exporter of energy   sotu 
joining  mibigshow now to discuss recent line5 foibles & more  tune in &gt &gt 
rt  flsert  businesses can call the private sector hotline at 850-410-4103 for info about recovery programs or visit
the discussion draft  fda and international mail   as amended  has been reported to the full cmte by voice vote 
i ve long said the nuclear deal with iran is fatally flawed  from its development to its execution  the deal paves…
today marks the last time americans will have to file using the old  broken  monstrosity of a tax code  this time n…
more for q s for sane nancy downing  what about using telecommunications for sane treatment  a  it s a work in pro…
here s how the tax cutsand jobs act is putting more money in your pocket 
  gasasser thanks for your question  ask buddy
i join my colleagues in michigan s congressional delegation calling on our senators to do the right thing and stop…
as of today  i m on  snapchat  you can follow me on snapchat at reprussell  read more here 
chuck  liz and i sure are lucky to have you as our mom  happy mother s day to the best 
stopped to show lt  kelli yates my thin blue line bracelet that i wear daily  a good reminder to be thankful for th…
as chairman of the bipartisan florida congressional delegation  just sent a letter to trump administration signed b…
rt  troutunlimited  montana sportsmen and women thank you  repryanzinke for voting to keepourlandspublic  natresources
rt  nikkihaley  a big shout out to our usc lady gamecocks as they take on uconn tonight  bring that amazing spirit and fight and know that…
opinion | democrats are the real abortion extremists
democrats are putting sick kids at risk over illegal immigration  schumbershutdown
instead of doing the right thing by funding our military  providing  chip  for our children  and supporting key gove…
my goal is to stay accountable and accessible to  ga10   and that s why i regularly hold telephone town hall meeting…
it s hard to stomach the idea of dogs being abused at the va – it s inhumane  disgusting & a massive waste of taxpa…
rt  freedomworks  the penny plan is a chance to balance the budget and rein in out-of-control spending  tell your representative/senator to…
today  senate had the chance to stop abortions after 20 weeks  they had the chance to protect children who sleep  s…
the schumer shutdown is a desperate attempt to distract from a booming economy and a year of historic accomplishments 
love seeing the winning art from the congressional art competition up in the capitol  congrats to cassidy from  oh15… 
rt  housescience    housescience chair  lamarsmithtx21 remembered those whose lives were lost aboard apollo 1  challenger and columbia  rea…
enjoyed my meeting with the 100 x foundation  they are bringing higher education to malawi with…
icymi  i spoke from the house floor about the work we re doing to address the urgent crisis being faced by north co…
last week  captain mark weber from the 38th rescue squadron at moody afb was killed when a hh-60g pave hawk crashed…
day 25 for 31 reasons4 tax reform→ under our broken tax code  americans spend a combined 2 6 billion hours each year…
proud to support two bills today aimed at improving accountability and oversight at the irs
 realdonaldtrump thanks for backing us up in oc mr  president   maga  orange county sanctuary cities
what happens when people who are supposed to cure the conflict of interest have even greater conflicts of interest…
happy birthday to retired marine general  former dhs secretary  and current white house chief of staff  john kelly …
when you lack a strategy or a doctrine  you don t have the advantage of deterrence  in today s interconnected world…
president trump s first state of the union address is set to begin at 8 00pm cst  you can watch the live stream her…
tomorrow   waysandmeansgop holds a hearing on tax reform  reform should look more like texas  less like washington…
they did a great job 
consumers have the right to expect that their personally identifiable information is protected and companies with w…
my capitol office will be lit blue all night in honor of our law enforcement officers …
h r  5228  stop counterfeit drugs by regulating and enhancing enforcement now act  as amended  has been reported to…
congratulations to  nasa &  space_station on launch of soyuz ms-08 frm kazakhstan  nasa astronauts arnold & feustel…
just had a great meeting with the idaho association of health underwriters  we discussed how to make health insura…
rt  shianpcb  yes  thank you  repmoolenaar for your support of philanthropy in the 4th district  and all of michigan
rt  politicopro    repdianeblack  house  can t give up  on cuts in mandatory spending  the story from  sarahnferris 
 nj7c4c defeating the motion to go to conference would have eliminated any opportunity to improve the bill  and cou…
i have had the pleasure of working closely with  speakerryan for the past seven years and i can say with certainty…
 repwesterman thanks for standing with the people of king cove on this common sense legislation
just landed back in  dc  and making calls back home to congratulate  co06  students who have been nominated to our se…
i am pleased to welcome back in good health my friend and colleague  stevescalise 
these targeted strikes were a proportionate and appropriate response to the heinous poison gas attacks on innocent…
roxanne and i are heartbroken by the passing of barbara bush  we admired her strength  grace and faith - all of whi…
i applaud  realdonaldtrump s decision to impose further sanctions through withdrawal from this harmful agreement  f…
proud to have the leader in manufacturing of polyurethane foam for furniture in  nc05   thank you for having me at t…
interested in applying to a service academy  my office is now accepting applications  learn more …
march is women s history month to honor women s contributions to our nation  fellow texan and  nasa scientist ginge…
rt  cspan  mark up of the defense authorization bill  hascrepublicans  hascdemocrats – live online here   fy19ndaa… 
joining  scottbeason on  101superstation in just a few moments  make sure you tune in 
through their story we see how the chesapeake bay program is working  save the bay
i look forward to joining the discussion  it is time that we in congress reclaim our constitutional duty and debate…
welcome 
tonight  the message from  potus was loud and clear — america is back  america is on the rise again and the america…
it is always inspiring to see so many young men and women coming out on a saturday morning for our  va10  academy da…
thank you  deputy juan peralta and officer esmundo tejeda for your dedication and service  police week2018…
🎉new year  new tax code → by keeping benefits like the medical expense and state and local taxes deductions  our bi…
rt  natresources  after years of increased visitation and use  aging facilities and other vital structures are in urgent need of restoratio…
tax reform  trade  fixing our broken immigration system and more were on the agenda last week at the…
rt  stevenmnuchin1  i applaud  repkevinbrady  peterroskam for calling hearings to emphasize economic growth & job creation as key goals of…
rt  crescent_chc  thank you  reprodblum for your support  and listening to community health center patient stories  we look forward to your…
i am deeply honored to receive the order of the montenegrin flag of the first degree  especially alongside…
rt  housecommerce  live now  sub energy hears directly from  secretaryperry during hearing on  the fiscal year 2019 department of energy bu…
live   fy19ndaa  markup begins w/ readiness subcommittee led by  repjoewilson - watch here
my office has received several calls today regarding tax scams  please review the irs  information on these scam ar…
f i s a memo shows real collusion between dem operatives & key officials at the fbi & doj to spy on the trump campaig…
  repdesantis  we need to take a hard look at what our existing laws and capabilities are  and be honest about what…
friday  i also toured the ohio industrial sales  inc  plant in twinsburg with my good friend mayor ted yates  i who…
rt  yoopphoria  even congressmen benishek loves our yogurt   congressmandan froyo loveyoop
this is a must-read from  charlescwcooke  one of the more articulate and well-reasoned voices in the media today  c…
another full house for this morning s nebraska breakfast  thank you to everyone who joined us 
happy mothers day to all of the hardworking  dedicated and loving moms 
i was on the train that collided with a truck outside of crozet  virginia a little over one hour ago  like most oth…
i recently spoke with  thehill about government funding and daca  listen here 
 ga09   looking for specifics on the good news that tax reform is bringing to everyday americans  → already  2m wor…
rt  foxbusiness    reppittenger on trade deals   all the president wants is something very simple  he wants fairness  and i think the presi…
with 90 percent of american workers likely to see more take-home pay because of taxreform  more is indeed  better 
beautiful mother s day at home in overland park  we re all spending the day together and the girls even made brooke…
rt  repwesterman  get the facts about the resilient federal forests act from  natresources 
rt  cosagov  even  associatedpress recognizes our tricentennial celebration  from educational exhibitions to exuberant festivals  we re th…
rev  billy graham will lie in honor in the capitol rotunda later this week  an extraordinary soul dear to our nation s heart 
in addition to these priorities  we are investing in snap employment and training services so we can guarantee work…
great to have  secretarysonny in arizona yesterday for a rural prosperity roundtable  the secretary is committed to…
rt  azchamber  check out  azchamber s  brandybwells get in a  lawmakers live  session with  repdavid &  repkevinbrady of the powerful ways…
the house just voted to support  potus  agenda by rebuilding our military and giving our troops a well-deserved pay…
testifying on the un green climate fund at today s state-foreign operations appropriations hearing
congress must act to repair immigration system & ensure children  who were brought through no fault of their own  are allowed to stay 
rt  financialcmte  video   reptrey   repmialove   reptipton   repfrenchhill and  repseanduffy have worked to get bills that help smallbiz…
rt  housegop    conawaytx11  the path to prosperity is paved with hard work and a good job  period  and  that s what we want to try to get…
today s full cmte markup has now adjourned  👋
congratulations andrew  alaska is well represented at this year s paralympic winter games and we are proud of our a…
thanks for stopping in  john 
rt  wateraidamerica   it s not a partisan issue  it s not a liberal or conservative issue  it s a people issue    judgetedpoe talking bipar…
  flgovscott is right  we need to send a strong message to the people of nicaragua that america stands with them …
committee approves rep  posey s bipartisan commercial space legislation
rt  march_for_life   abortion is family destruction  and the fact that  1 5 billion in taxpayer dollars is funneled to this industry is sic…
martha & i enjoyed hosting members of the  almedassoc & medical students at  uabmedicine for a tour of the u s  cap…
the comprehensive regulatory review act removes expensive regulatory burdens put in place by washington bureaucrats…
rt  thecolumbian   we re losing  the sea lion fight salmon sealions video  herrerabeutler clarkwa
rt  citizensclimate  the climate solutions caucus adds 4 new members  welcome aboard   repsanfordsc   davidcicilline   repdandonovan  and  …
great to meet with ky reps from  aacnursing about how congress can support nursing programs 
praying for everyone in tulsa and surrounding areas  be safe 
so pleased that the  zionsbankrealacademy is now open in  herrimancity owner  dlh  is doing great things for the ga…
talked about the importance of expanding access to apprenticeships at today s  housecommerce hearing on workforce d…
i hope today s action will lead to a better  stronger agreement that will ensure security for our allies & regional stability 
today  i join my colleagues in sending bipartisan ltr welcoming strong definition of anti-semitism by eu parliament
check out our full trip report from  househomeland delegation visit to the middle east & europe --&gt …
it was great to see the gainer family from lynn haven while they were visiting washington this week 
with this repeal families will be able to buy the health insurance that is right for them  tax cutsand jobs act…
joined cnn s new day to emphasize how caravans of foreigners heading for america s border highlight the need for co…
enjoyed another great nebraska breakfast this morning  if you re making a trip to the nation s capital  please plan…
highlights from week one of the april district work period   nv02 
today   housescience approved the  repbrianbabin s bipartisan  nasa authorization act  chairman  lamarsmithtx21 …
to the teachers throughout alabama & al-02  happy teacher appreciation week  without question  you deserve this week…
tonight s military action against the syrian regime was ordered to ensure chemical warfare remains a banned weapon 
after congress unanimously voted to not exempt themselves  i supported advancing this bill to the senate …
i enjoyed meeting with the professional therapy services  inc  ​team today at  unitypointpia to learn more about th…
i especially thank my friends & colleagues  senatorcollins &  senangusking for their leadership in getting this leg…
🏘 project safe neighborhoods grant program authorization act  h r  3249   a bill to help local law enforcement agen…
  hurdonthehill  welcome to the final hearing in our series on artificial intelligence  i have learned quite a bit…
unless something is done to change course  interest payments are set to soar over the coming decade  debt
we are now considering h r  5327  comprehensive opioid recovery centers act find all bills from today s full cmte…
here at the marchfor life  the size of the crowd & sheer volume of participation at this year s march is truly insp…
 u s jobless claims dropped to 215 000 last week  the lowest level since 1973  the labor department revealed thursd…
 this tax reform is so much more than just tax cuts  this is designed to create economic growth    waysandmeansgop
rt  aggie_gr  we appreciate you  lamarsmithtx21 for visiting with  tamu during aggies on the hill 2018 about the value of higher education  t…
rt  sjcog   repdavidvaladao thank you for meeting with s j one voice 
four stops in ottawa county today to talk about national security - thank you to those that serve and keep our coun…
today we celebrate silver star service banner day  this day honors the sacrifices made by combat wounded  ill and d…
i m hosting a special order on the house floor tonight at approx  6pm in honor of former senator and georgia govern…
met w/ 2 small businesses working to improve rx drug safety  they bring in  15 million to our region  great job …
rt  housecommerce  1   repwalberg and  repdebdingell s jessies law – learn more about this bill here 
 slipkid24  helped to pass  
today at 10 a m  ⤵️
rt  drphilroe  i m proud to represent tennessee s beautiful  greatsmokynps  join me in me in celebrating these treasured places during nati…
rt  mpfox8  v p  pence is talking with crew members now and assessing the long road ahead to a full recovery  myfox8
rt  cspan   hasc   hascrepublicans  hascdemocrats hearing on weapons of mass destruction – live online here 
saw a unique form of nebraska ag yesterday on a tour of rock creek aquaculture in diller  the pretzer family is r…
in fl alone  small businesses employ over 3m people  or nearly half the private sector workforce  that s why it s c…
tomorrow at 10 am →  housejudiciary crime subcommittee will hold an oversight hearing with the bureau of prisons and us marshals service 
rt  gopoversight  🚨icymi  subcommittee chairman  farenthold visited the u s  virgin islands to assess ongoing hurricane response efforts an…
there s still time - make sure to vote on your favorite art piece for this year s 2018 congressional art competitio…
👩‍⚖️ protecting access to the courts for taxpayers act  h r  3996   a bill to protect taxpayer s right to have thei…
to have a free society where we debate ideas and build dialogue and trust amongst each other  we must have free spe…
thank you table mountain rancheria for hosting our friant community meeting and to  fresnosheriff mims and sup  mag…
from here on out  we have cause to celebrate – lower tax rates for americans  nearly doubled standard deductions  d…
washington red tape has often hindered access to credit for families  have you found credit hard to obtain to help…
 life s most persistent and urgent question is   what are you doing for others    - dr  martin luther king jr   mlk50 
we are living in an age where every conceivable problem is kicked upstairs to washington  and the crisis-driven med…
to those who were taken prisoner & the families who wonder if their loved ones will return  you are not forgotten …
in march  the u s  secretary of agriculture sonny perdue announced that the usda is taking action to assist our cot…
our team will be at  mtzbc1 and in damaged communities again today helping serve displaced students and those impac…
the opioid crisis has plagued the united states for far too long  now is the time to strengthen our efforts to trea…
rt  dlasamericas  florida  roslehtinen   que me recuerden por sencilla y sincera    video 
new  nfib report shows small business optimism in february rose to 2nd highest reading in 45 years  inventory inves…
thank you  secretaryacosta for your insightful answer in response to my question about workforcedevelopment from t…
the house overwhelmingly passed the bipartisan stop school violence act  i spoke on the house floor earlier today e…
rt  repmcclintock  curbing spending is the only way to control our deficits and ballooning debt  without resolute action now  we run the r…
rt  akszymanski   sequestration impacts national security and our local communities  including our small businesses supporting our military…
i welcome steps taken by  potus to sanction russia in aftermath of acts of mischief  aggression  cyber attacks & at…
they have led us through hard times  comforted us in times of despair  and inspired us to maintain our faith in the…
as the sunsets  passover2018 begins a very holy time in the jewish religion  i was honored to join my jewish frien…
rt  foxnews    rephensarling   all the trump administration had to do was stop putting out voluminous regulations and strangling red tape o…
confidence in the economy  long-term growth for businesses  and hiring projections are the rise thanks to…
in natural resource federal lands hearing on hr 4532 to create first tribally managed national monument 
this morning i hosted another roundtable discussion  this one in farmington  focusing on foster cte  career & techn…
i was honored & proud to be at the white house today with president trump & leaders from both houses of congress as…
they announced a  150 million investment to triple tuition assistance for their education program  great to see a c…
this is a big deal  mueller does not have the unlimited scope that he thinks he has  as we approach the 1 year anni…
thank you to  unitedstatesps &  cbp for testifying today and for working closely with our bipartisan committee staf…
our dairy farmers are struggling  and it s critical that we level the playing field in nafta renegotiations  i sent…
rt  fwd_us  thank you  repmialove  repcurbelo  repjeffdenham  repdavidvaladao  roslehtinen  mariodb  hurdonthehill for signing on to this d…
thanks  mike flood and  newschannelne  for featuring my updates from  dc  on your nebraska delegation news segment…
the reason we say  small businesses are the backbone of our country  is because it couldn t be more true  99 9% of…
breaking news  another huge win for missouri workers thanks to tax reform   pfizer has announced they are committin…
rt  foxnews    repleezeldin on curbing russia   president trump actually did more in the last week than president obama did in 8 years   ht…
we must continue to shine the light on hurricane harvey  read more in my op-ed published in the  houstonchron abo…
rt  theaward   it [the congressional award] shows them how great they can be    repbrianmast s  fl18  district had the most participants n…
rt  libertycaucus  vote alert  hlc statement on  hr2152   citizens  right to know act of 2018
today  i ve taken several constituent calls about the tax reform bill and the upcoming spending bill  if you have…
last night six police officers were viciously attacked  two are pennsylvania state troopers shot in fayette county 
driverless cars are the future  but we have to make sure they are safe  my questions at today s sub d c c p hearing 
today at 2 30 pm az on i will be joining  waysandmeansgop to talk about pro growth tax reform  please tune in 
i am honored to receive the california council of the military officers association of america congressional leader…
house passes the pain-capable unborn child protection act prolife via  weeklystandard
rt  realdonaldtrump  my prayers and condolences to the families of the victims of the terrible florida shooting  no child  teacher or anyon…
central arkansas company  acxiom said their profits are up  1m from last year thanks to tax cuts and jobs act  with mo…
 allie_roseeee
yesterday  i once again reminded  secretaryzinke of the importance of developing the earthquake early warning syste…
rt  lamarsmithtx21  thanks to my colleague  repjbridenstine for his leadership on hr 353  the bill now heads to  potus s desk
always great to meet w/  oklahomabankers & provide them an update on what we re doing in  dc  to help advance their…
50 nebraska national guard troops have just returned from a nine-month deployment in cuba  thank you for your dedic…
proud to march  all different generations standing up for life  for hope  love saves lives
rt  tommyfaucheux  the mississippi river is our greatest asset in many ways  a treasure  i can t wait to take the kids to another bonnet ca…
government funding bill passes w key provisions for pa-6  supports our men & women in uniform  provides critical fu…
seventy-six years ago today  our nation was forever changed when pearl harbor came under attack  let us take time t…
rip barbara bush  an american icon  i m sending all my condolences and prayers to the entire bush family tonight  m…
i spoke with  kocomarkie at  koconews last week  we discussed tax reform and i answered questions from viewers  fi…
overall  the chairman s mark better addresses our future readiness challenges  it accelerates the 355-ship navy and…
minority leader pelosi appears to be attempting to filibuster on the house floor  trying to derail the budget deal …
rt  readingeagle  muhlenberg township veteran receives medals 66 years after service as marine 
rep  sensenbrenner   i am sad to learn of the passing of barbara bush  the country was blessed to have had her as a…
tune in today at 12 30 for a  housejudiciary press conference on the  securing america s future act   watch the liv…
yday  i surprised local patrons  shopritestores in hauppauge as part of  undercover congressman   during which i wo…
yesterday  in  housecommerce full committee hearing  i questioned facebook ceo mark zuckerberg on consumer privacy…
thank you  dr  sobek  a great venue for an important discussion   waubonsee
it s official   potus has signed the tax cut and jobs act into law  delivering tax relief to new mexico families & sma…
rt  financialcmte  happening at 10am et →  rephensarling chairs our hearing w/  cfpbdirector mulvaney  who will testify on the bureau s sem…
tonight at 5 pm the committee will meet on h r  806 - ozone standards implementation act of 2017 
productive meeting yesterday with  farmbureau president zippy duvall to discuss the upcoming farmbill and agricult…
happy birthday to  flotus - cool to share a birthday with the first lady 
rt  senecarotary  congrats to both jan and feb students of the month from the seneca area schools  our club did not meet on student of the…
i hosted constituents from area cedar rapids community groups this morning  for a federal budget balancing simulati…
rt  aarpadvocates  thank you  repmckinley for taking the time to meet with our advocates from  aarpwv   aarp2018 
i joined air medical flight crews from across the country with  aams to discuss the importance of their services an…
 courses dedicated to frp and structural repair and rehabilitation are practically nonexistent  this effectively cu…
this time next year  a typical  middle-income family of four here in michigan will have realized tax savings of mo…
rt  speakerryan  president obama will leave office having never proposed a budget that balances—ever 
this is exactly what i ve been saying since day 1 - no collusion  this has always been about the democrats trying t…
rt  afterthebell  coming up on  afterthebell  carolsjroth  jackhough  repscottperry  
chairman  drphilroe  ranking member  reptimwalz announce first-ever hvac member day  details 
talking tax permanency on  business and how i am pushing for bills with sustained growth 
rt  housegop  ✓ supporting the military ✓ combating the opioid crisis ✓ delivering historic tax cuts our focus has always been  and cont…
good governance = good government  thank you  theiia for 75 years of promoting effective  efficient governance   iia75 
rt  repdebdingell   repdavetrott we must protect great lakes at any cost  other options for nuclear waste facility are feasible and must be…
with this bill  it s hardworking american taxpayers that win 
pleasure to attend the berrien county health department s friend of public health award ceremony today  we honored…
rt  senatorshoshana  and  republicanstudy has a big section on occupational licensing reform and it is so good
it is your right to defend yourself and your family 
rt  lopezgovlaw  honoring the body of work & legacy of our friend — retiring congresswoman  roslehtinen and irlteam    
rt  housecommerce  full cmte convenes first of two markups on legislation aimed at combating the opioid crisis along with consideration of…
i voted no on the tax bill today to protect long island and ny  while the bill passed  i will continue the fight 
rt  westerncaucus  great news today as  realdonaldtrump s administration cancelled another political  anti-mining action by the obama admin…
  househomeland delegation examined last point of departure airports and aviation security in jordan & germany --&gt …
rt  speakerryan  great news→ at 3 9%  the unemployment rate is at it s lowest level in nearly 20 years  with tax reform  the  work force is…
mike pompeo will be an excellent secretary of state  he has the background  experience  and tenacity needed for thi…
do you agree with  realdonaldtrump s plan to rebuild america s broken infrastructure 
learn more about my bill to help more americans have a safe place to live & call home   lihtc 
last week  i dedicated my weekly update to the life and legacy of reverend billy graham  i was honored and humbled…
rt  speakerryan  from the beginning  the obama-era iran deal was deeply flawed  my full statement ↓
 repdonbeyer silence   not only will chairman bishop be in puerto rico this weekend  here is a rundown of *just so…
we honor our law enforcement today for their service to ensure our safety  thank you  law enforcement appreciation day
more great news for small businesses and communities across our country as a result of  realdonaldtrump s tax cuts 
rt  alcreditunions  alabama credit union advocates had a great meeting with  repmobrooks  credit unions  cunagac 
today on peace officers memorial day we remember the brave men and women who have given their lives serving their n…
rt  foxnews    repkevinbrady   we shouldn t settle for just an excellent start  we think we ought to break the culture in washington… we th…
rt  westerncaucus  standing room only at our  westerncaucus roundtable in az last weekend to discuss water  mining  public lands  infrastru…
good news  tomorrow the house votes on the resilient federal forests act to reduce the risk of devastating wildfire 
icymi - yesterday i spoke with  outnumberedot s  harrisfaulkner about my concerns with the administration s immigra…
awesome night at the banquet for life in rolla  i got to donate my government shutdown salary to an amazing organi…
some  aumontgomery nursing students came by today during their trip to dc with project serve  project serve takes n…
at what point does all this troubling info become enough  we can appoint a special counsel for a nonsense collusion…
rt  housecommerce  live now  sub health reconvenes day two of the hearing on  combating the opioid crisis  prevention and public health sol…
rt  speakerryan  today  the  uscapitol flags are lowered to half-staff in honor of our country s law enforcement who have given their lives…
great support from real people to  potus trump s outer-borough straight talk at un yesterday 
happy birthday to our third president and one of my greatest heroes  thomas jefferson  may we strive to uphold his…
just now  i introduced the  houseappropsgop transportation and housing bill for fy19  here are some details about…
today marks the start of black history month 
ready to join  cnbc to discuss mark zuckerberg s testimony  and what s next 
rt  lancasteronline  lloyd smucker  we need common sense  not hyperbole  to guide guns debate [opinion]
brutal civil war in south sudan – my house colleagues are calling for an immediate armsembargo
today  the house passed  nwpaa  to modernize our nation s nuclear repository system  prioritizing the safety of peop…
happy birthday oregon  on february 14  1859  or became the 33rd state in the union  14 years after my ancestors arr…
rt  repcarbajal  excited to start the mark-up of the national defense authorization act  honored to be part of the armed services committee…
 tbt  to my stop  tysonfoods in dexter just a couple of weeks ago  today the company announced  500- 1 000 bonuses f…
 reptimbutler  wmbdnews  ilroute66 almost across the finish line 
this week is national police week  honoring our courageous law enforcement officers who put their lives on the line…
great to be at the north western electric cooperative annual meeting this evening at edon northwest school 
states already have an infrastructure in place to help support  snap  recipients in employment & training programs …
rt  artacevedo  today we join the family & colleagues of  houstonpolice sergeant steven a  perez  he paid the ultimate sacrifice on august…
 mscharliejohnso that number is correct as well 
rt  springfieldnl  gathering friends partners with church to offer place for food and friendship
joining  seanhannity on  foxnews at 7 00 pm mt to discuss the intelligence committee s initial report on the russia investigation 
it s time to reform the irs 
thank you  mr  speaker  it is truly an honor of a lifetime 
happy new year  i hope everyone in  ga12  has a blessed 2018 
from  cbsnews  how three different households will fare under the tax cutsand jobs act
tune in at noon to see  potus message to  march_for_life participants  i m proud to see ou…
rt  housevetaffairs  house passes legislation to improve veterans  burial benefits 
acting us forest service chief  sec  zinke and sec  perdue participate in bipartisan  house and senate discussion o…
it appears that high-level rogue individuals at the fbi tilted the scales of justice for political purposes  whethe…
the pentagon should be held to the same level of accountability as other federal agencies when it comes to spending…
the hearing is starting now  watch live here 
rt  repmarkmeadows  proud to help introduce a bill today expanding the child tax credit for pregnant mothers  many thanks to my colleague…
wondering how you can start a small business  the u s  small business administration can help answer some of your q…
happy teacher appreciation day to all the hardworking and passionate teachers out there  including my wife julie  th…
rt  foxnews    jim_jordan on fisa memo   tomorrow when this memo comes out  the american people i think will see very clearly what the fbi…
rt  ajholda   kingwoodnews  humbleisd west point appointees at  humbleisd_khs senior honors night   humble i s d  judgetedpoe
some members of the alabama aviation council stopped by to discuss aviation issues impacting our state  thanks for…
bush & obama found it necessary to deploy the national guard to temporarily secure the border   potus is again havi…
last wednesday we were reminded that violence  hopelessness  and a lack of respect are far too prevalent in our cul…
rt  shorenewstoday  lobiondo wants public hearing on atlantic ocean drilling proposal
questions abut harvey resources  my staff and i have the information gathered in one place ➡️
  hurdonthehill  our veterans deserve a state of the art scheduling system  they deserve an interoperable and longi…
he is risen  from our family to yours  have a happy and blessed easter   ga08 
during  natresources meeting earlier today i received some important news 
happy thanksgiving to everyone in  nc10   from hardworking families and small businesses  to the men and women servi…
rt  joannamrod  big news   repcurbelo leading group of republicans in effort to force immigration debate & votes on four proposals – inclu…
this is exactly why i introduced the scrap act  hr 4981   reprokhanna  this bill would end lifetime perks for retie…
i recently had the opportunity to visit with the pampa lions club to talk about issues facing folks in our area 
⚡️ housescience weekly wrap-up ⤵️
today is national prescription drug take back day  safely dispose of unused or expired prescription drugs until 2 0…
rt  rxsummit  we are streaming  billclinton live on facebook now   rxsummit
 fosta    my  sesta  amendment must be signed into law immediately to put an end to the knowing facilitation of onlin…
this veterans day  take a moment to remember the sacrifice it takes to keep this great country safe and free  we sa…
rt  datacoalition   two of the most important it reform efforts of the last 10 years  the d a t a act and the federal information technology a…
black hills lifeflight came by the office this week  incredibly grateful for their lifesaving work 
schumer shutdown purely political   gop already at table discussing daca and other immigration issues …
 davidkrauss  davidkrauss yes  we ve been working on it  it was restored at 4 pm today
thanksgiving is a time to reflect upon the things for which we are thankful  today  i am especially thankful for…
happening now  celebrating the legacy of civil rights pioneer barbara johns who  67 years ago this week  led a stud…
i hear you and agree  working with my colleagues on  waysandmeansgop to preserve both parts of the pace act 
former wwii navy fighter pilot  georgehwbush has been admitted to houston methodist  president h w  bush is a tenac…
great event highlighting the tax cutsand jobs act today in florida  watch what  realdonaldtrump &  secretaryacosta ha…
cotton is the lifeblood of our region  sharing the stories of our hardworking producers paid off and has provided c…
so great to be with the women from  nfrw this morning  i am always so inspired by their continuous dedication and h…
returning to washington this morning for votes  calling into  1400wond  acpresscronick 4 10pm to talk latest news i…
looking forward to spending time with  vp mike pence this afternoon to discuss the successes of the tax cuts and jo…
i know our police have a very difficult job  but just watched the video of arrest of nurse wubbels by officer payne  incredibly disturbing 
1 samuel 3 10 then the lord came and stood and called as at other times   samuel  samuel   and samuel said   speak …
rt  housegop  rt to agree → there are too many tax brackets in our broken tax code 
rt  ilfertchem  it was a pleasure to have congressman rodney davis in clinton illinois today to visit ifca and tfi member marco fertilizer …
sharing highlights from the august district work period today  thx to those who took time to meet with my staff & i…
too many police officers lost their lives in the line of duty this past year  today  we welcomed their friends  fam…
  houseagnews is dedicated to serving all of rural america  energy production directly impacts our nation s farmers and ranchers 
iran is a bad actor  and the iran deal was flawed from the beginning  great decision by  potus today  my full state…
your analysis & most of the facts are based on a 2016 report on a different bill  our framework came out last month…
for too long  government regulations have hindered banks  and credit unions  ability to offer small business loans …
as always  starting my week with d s & r s over coffee to find common ground on gun control-- hoping we can bring b…
tune in at 10 am  chairman  tomcoleok04 & the lhhs subcommittee hold a hearing on the fy19 budget for  hhsgov…
pleased by great turnout at our job hunting workshop today  here s to sw wa folks getting better jobs soon  and job…
read more about my work to stop sanctuary states here 
today  reverend billy graham became only the fourth non-governmental person to lay in honor in the capitol rotunda…
 strugachik the bill invests millions in funding to address and stop violent and gun crime  including more than  2b…
doral-based sunshine gasoline distributors president max alvarez thanks  potus for taxreform  says he s been able…
taking it back to christmas in 1960  foxandfriends  this is me  left  with my late mother  right  and her friend  d…
u  s  sanctions  like declaring state sponsor of terrorism  and increased economic pressure  against north korea ar…
rt  speakerryan  →half of  deptofdefense s civilian workforce has to be furloughed  →training for reserves has to stop & guardsmen have to…
happy birthday to my colleague from fl   repdennisross 
rt  housecommerce  chairman  repgregwalden sub health chairman  michaelcburgess and sub oversight chairman  greggharper on trump administra…
congratulations to my good friend  scott county sheriff dan mcclain  on being confirmed by the senate to serve as u…
rt  sentoomey  this vietnam war veterans day  i ask that everyone take a moment to say thank you to those who fought in vietnam  my staff and…
just spoke on the house floor about these important bills  this is another step towards ending modern-day slavery a…
 eclancy  tpm my duty do what i promised my voters &not to be intimidated into changing positions by a national effort to negate election
i ve joined  repjohnfaso &  reptenney in urging  fema to reconsider granting aid to  ny24  & upstate ny communities…
the california high-speed rail project has gone far off the tracks  according to a new report  the bullet train is…
rt  speakerryan  it s time to check your check  starting this month  90% of americans will see bigger paychecks as a result of the tax cuts…
america s infrastructure needs to be fixed  i applaud  potus for moving forward with a comprehensive infrastructure…
rt  repmccaul  today i had the opportunity to question  secnielsen on closing legal loopholes and securing our border  watch here 
we joined hundreds of our constituents from our diverse district celebrating the 16th international festival of lan…
south dakota has the nation s highest rate of working moms  my goal is to make their lives just a little easier  re…
good to see the firefighters and first responders at fire station 7 in lincoln  we appreciate your service to the c…
rt  rep_stevewomack  watch  the joint select committee on budget and appropriations process reform holds its first public hearing with  djh…
press conference  gregg harper on new working group on employing people with disabilities  via  youtube
watch  the joint select committee on budget and appropriations process reform holds its second public hearing to di…
 otd   arizona became the 48th state admitted to the union  happy 106th birthday  what a beautiful state that we li…
want to keep up on the latest legislative happenings in washington and news from across  va05   check out our weekly…
don t forget  congressional art competition submissions are due may 2nd  our theme is  legendary louisiana   and i…
rt  greenvilledn  congressman  repmoolenaar rides along with edmore mail carrier  tours greenville health facility 
happy birthday  usnationalguard  from emergencies at home to defending america abroad—answering the call since 1636…
recently  the centers for medicare & medicaid services  cms  placed a two year suspension on their  direct supervis…
rt  jim_jordan  1  did the fbi pay christopher steele  author of the dossier 
number of days since the house of representatives sent the senate all twelve appropriations bills funding the gover…
met today in washington with mayors and legislators from puerto rico to discuss the need to expedite the full recov…
glad to be home this morning and share a dc update with  brbizreport leadership breakfast  let 2018 be the year w…
we need to do more to encourage energy innovation g o p energy solutions
remain aware of your surroundings and report suspicious activity or packages  stay safe texans 
i am proud to support lloyd s efforts and to call him a friend  a big thank you to lloyd for his continued service…
i am grateful  having french heritage  for the opportunity to escort french president emmanuel macron to the joint…
more coverage of our questioning of mark zuckerberg yesterday 
spent time with roscoe high school students and discussed why rural america makes america great  go rural america …
chatted with some students from bethany academy in bloomington this morning  these 11th graders are excited to host…
in a drastic change from the obama administration  president  realdonaldtrump s north korea strategy of peace throu…
rt  ndss  big thanks to  greggharper for coming to be part of today s press conference  time to end law syndrome
 mariabartiromo  morningsmaria  foxbusiness  dagenmcdowell  bobnardelli  robertwolf32  repblainepress…
rt  foxbusiness    replouiegohmert on trump s approval rating   i think they re going to get better and better    i think it s fantastic wh…
matilda campbell-reidhead turned 10 today and came to capitol hill with her mom  lindsay  and sisters anna and amel…
attention high school students  congressional art competition entries are due next friday by 5pm to my district off…
 2/2  below is a list of permanent drop-off sites and a list of temporary drop-off sites that will only be open tom…
rt  frankgluck  from  leeeoc  don t return to your neighborhoods immediately after the storm  wait for confirmation that it s safe 
you can watch it live thursday starting at 10am from our hearing page   housejudiciary…
regulatory relief is vital to ensuring nebraska hospitals can focus on their primary job – treating patients 
rt  housecommerce  live now  sub environment hears from  epascottpruitt regarding the fy2019  epa budget &gt &gt 
when congress considers infrastructure investment legislation  public water and water transport infrastructure should be considered  1/2
 greggharper e&c will stream this hearing live on facebook – visit our page on may 8th at 10 am to watch this impor…
texas  6 other states call for the end of daca program
tax reform was built for agriculture  read more&gt &gt  ag week
news  the  ustreasury today announced new sanctions against russian cyber actors for interference in the 2016 elect…
american people  i look forward to this matter being thoroughly investigated and congress doing what is necessary t…
this legislation is the companion to my bill that was passed in the house last month and authorizes  50 million for…
larry kudlow would be a great choice to be director of the white house national economic council  larry is a pro-g…
at 12 30 pm congressman  michaelcburgess will be managing the rule on h r  806 - ozone standards implementation act  watch live on  cspan 
in hydetown crawford county for this afternoon for a court of honor for titusville eagle scout blaise bromley  nsa   nesa 
what have the democrats proposed to militarily deter the russians   the 80s called  they re asking for their foreig…
thank you  veterans  our freedom  protection from foreign threats & peace of mind comes from those who have served …
this is a beautiful reminder about how precious and wonderful life is  congratulations to lucas on being named the…
today i spoke at  jimmcaleese s defense forum about the two year bipartisan budget deal congress recently passed to…
i enjoyed welcoming 49 new american citizens friday in fort wayne 
i m proud to have led the effort to pass the bill that provides these funds to help louisiana continue rebuilding a…
congratulations to  sammyldavis1946 on receiving indiana s highest honor  the sachem award  from  govholcomb today …
honored to be one of eleven members of congress to be recognized as a taxpayer super hero by citizens against…
wishing you and your family a blessed easter sunday 
residents of redstone village have been busy volunteering for organizations like the red cross  habitat for humanit…
drug abuse can happen when leftover prescriptions are mishandled at home  thank you to  deahq for holding today s p…
we are now considering h r  5009  jessie s law find all bills from today s full cmte markup here &gt &gt 
happy 26th birthday to my daughter  kate  i am so proud of the amazing young woman you have become  i love you 
h r  4684  ensuring access to quality sober living act of 2017  as amended  has been reported to the full cmte by voice vote 
fbi takes  salacious and unverified  dossier to secret court to get secret warrant to spy on a fellow american  and…
no agency is above questioning  realease the memo
rt  accoc  thank you rep   darrellissa for leading the charge on residentialrecoveryreform and speaking to us &  contractcities  we look f…
rt  shopfloornam  breaking  georgia family-owned manufacturer lands largest contract in company history  credits tax reform for  creating m…
 cncs  has jeopardized the security of its members and communities by consciously placing them in unsafe situations …
eight bills just passed out of the veterans  affairs committee  read chairman  drphilroe s statement 
  hurdonthehill  welcome to the first hearing in a series of hearings on artificial intelligence  this series is an…
icymi  here s my interview with  morningsmaria  mariabartiromo on  foxbusiness  we discussed the u s  embassy openi…
excited that construction is underway at the new thomas ewing junior high in lancaster  the new building will be a…
rt  repgosar  this national park week check out one of the three national parks in  az04   grand canyon n  lake mead nra  pipe springs nm  …
last week i met with  fmlyhlthwst to discuss various health related issues  including the opioid epidemic and how t…
honored to deliver  westerncaucus weekly address
on floor to note that national prescription drug take back day that collected nearly 1 million pounds of prescrip…
tonight s vote also keeps the government funded  pays our troops  and helps ensure our national security 
will be joining  kilmeade on  foxnewsradio today at 11 20  be sure to tune in  you can listen live here
hurricane preparedness resources and contacts
happy birthday to my mother-in-law  carol sloan 
we are preserving choice for our nations veterans  thank you to all who have served  sotu 
last week i led a bipartisan delegation to  summitamericas  the successful visit underscores our commitment to stro…
  jimpressoffice   the supreme court should exercise judicial restraint and allow the legislative branch to settle this issue  
happy to chat with third district 4-h students this morning  enjoy the rest of your trip to our nation s capital   4h 
rt  oudeptpsych  local representative tom cole  tomcoleok04 was recently recognized for his support of neuroscience at nih and nsf 
failure by goodell/nfl  cry about not being respectd  zero on playrs not standing 4 anthem  attack potus 4 defending flag  ratings suffering
rt  cdgermano  house passes deal to end shutdown we are thankful to our congressman  doug lamalfa for his support a…
i joined 106 of my house colleagues in sending a letter to president trump urging him to focus on addressing specif…
rt  inhousegop    replukemesser stopped by the statehouse today to talk with our interns about how he became interested in public service a…
rt  usnationalguard  photo of the day   njnationalguard soldiers exit a  usmc uh-1y huey helicopter during a joint training exercise
after 5 30 am dc vote in erie by 10 for constituent mtgs &  mba  manufacturing & business legislative luncheon
looking forward to visiting this new opioid memorial – a moving tribute to those who have struggled with opioid add…
this morning  energy and commerce held a hearing to discuss federal efforts to combat the opioid…
too often  american taxpayers are on the hook for government failures  the grater act increases taxpayer protection…
rt  usip  join us on april 17th for a bipartisan congressional dialogue with representative  jahimes and  repstevepearce on countering the…
thank you to the  alzoklahoma for having me at the memory gala  i m truly honored to be the recipient of the mauree…
tomorrow  tues  march 13 at 12 30 pm  chairman  repgoodlatte conservative hispanic leaders will hold a press confer…
today  secelainechao reminded us that ronald batory was nominated for federal railroad administrator back in july …
rt  libertycaucus  vote alert  hlc statement on h res796  the rule for  hr1625   consolidated appropriations act for fiscal year 2018
in honor of tax day tomorrow  let us be thankful for the real benefits and savings received from  potus s historic…
rt  petehegseth  utter disgrace  vets deserve the best  not this  give them a choice  cc   foxandfriends &  realdonaldtrump
stopping by the lma mid-winter conference to give a federal update 
congrats to  congressmanhice  he will be a strong voice on  hascrepublicans for more than 100 000 georgians serving…
rt  thepressofac     replobiondo wants public hearing on atlantic ocean drilling proposal
thrilled to see folks from the standard motor products facility in mishawaka here at the capitol with  memadc  we d…
rt  glfop  we are proud to support  rodneydavis   opioid prescription verification act   our nation is currently facing an epidemic of opio…
incredibly proud to have an inspiring representative from new mexico as a guest of  potus at the  sotu 
passed the house → the fostering innovation act  which i introduced with  repsinema to cut red tape and help hoosie…
rt  superiorpolice  large incident in the area of stinson and hill  do not enter this area  if evacuation is in order  we will let you know 
rt  markweinerdc    repjohnkatko visits europe  middle east to examine airport  shipping security  ny24 
honored to be named the ninth most bipartisan member of the u s  house in 2017 by  thelugarcenter  working in the m…
live with  clayaiken and  carriesheffield on  boldglobalmedia
tragic news from ca  this is a devastating example of the sacrifices made daily by our military & their families  p…
the comments about  senjohnmccain are outrageous & unacceptable  it s a sad day in this country when wh officials a…
rt  housejudiciary  icymi  house committee [unanimously] passes [bipartisan] bill to toughen h1-b visa rules [and protect american jobs] ht…
i m pleased to share that ashley  a perry hs student  is the winner of our 2018 congressional art competition  in a…
  mrsb1stgraders thanks for your question  ask buddy
did you know that there are 9 9 million women-owned businesses in the u s   1 million of those businesses are in te…
rt  stevescalise  the small business optimism index just hit a 35-year high 
after over 30 years of a broken and complex tax code  americans are excited to say goodbye and good riddance to an…
please join me in praying for a quick recovery for steve scalise  congressional staff and police who were shot and/or injured today 
great to have the jenning s family in washington from apple valley- enjoy your tour   ca08 
about to join  wolfblitzer on  cnn  tune in 
icymi  tonight i joined  marthamaccallum on  foxnews to discuss the latest on qualcomm  watch my interview here 
rt  natresources  not only was  anwr  a victory for the people of alaska  all americans will benefit from increased domestic energy producti…
rt  libertycaucus  vote alert  hlc statement on  hr38   house leadership s anti-second amendment legislative package
visited mennen arena in morristown to mark morris county s 15th annual national night out 
 waysandmeansgop is taking important steps to fix our broken tax code  next thursday  we will discuss our pro-growt…
 a vibrant scientific workforce and breakthrough discoveries enabled by nsf investments sustain  accelerate  and tr…
the tax cutsand jobs act is a huge win for hard working middle class families  more than 2 6 million americans have r…
i didn t support the iran deal when it came through congress and am glad we have a president who agrees  thank you…
nothing in our laws prevents americans from paying more taxes than they are required  checks can be made out to the…
rt  housescience  april marks 60 years since president eisenhower proposed  nasa to congress  read more from  nasahistory about this histor…
rt  repdonbacon  the 115th congress has made ending human trafficking a priority  in 2017  the house passed 17 bills that protect children …
 not0ntherug_man hi mike--please call our office 202-225-2190  nothing in her inbox from you  she is happy to help 
a busy day in the  houseappropsgop  we passed legislation supporting michigan agriculture today  here are the detai…
beautiful event last night to celebrate the endless accomplishments of  roslehtinen  she has fought for so many  he…
i truly believe there is no better choice for secretary of state than my friend mike pompeo--one of the most though…
we re changing the game  for every one regulation  we re cutting two  while we re changing the game and setting con…
thank you fire chief bruegman for coming by my office today to discuss our shared goal of supporting the orange cou…
sanctuary cities put innocent americans in danger because of their misguided sense of duty to illegal criminal alie…
rt  duncanareaecdev  thank you congressman  tomcoleok04 for visiting duncan machine & showing your commitment to oklahoma manufacturing …
informative fema briefing this morning on relief efforts in puerto rico and us virgin islands 
last year  i introduced the recovering america s wildlife act  congresswoman debbie dingell and i continue to work…
thank you to greg switaj of jersey mike s who is on the board of the fellowship of christian athletes and all the b…
thank you will friedman & jade davis from  portofcleveland for stopping by yesterday  the port & cuyahoga river are…
over the weekend the united states  in coordination with our allies  took decisive action against the nefarious reg…
 the labor department reported friday that [the unemployment rate] fell to 3 9% — inching closer to territory not s…
rt  reporterjoe  new hasc member  reppaulmitchell offers thanks for the inclusion of his language on the soo locks waterway   fy19ndaa  via…
senate democrats continue to show their contempt for the rule of law by blocking  sentoomey amendment on…
rt  secshulkin  good  whitehouse round table on petsfor vets w/  laraleatrump   repdesantis   secretaryzinke   humanesociety   kellyannepol…
prayers for the crew of the u s s john s mc cain & their families  we pray for the safety of the missing & for the health of the wounded   usnavy
rt  houseappropsgop  chairman  usreprodney commends house passage of emergency funding legislation  urges swift senate passage
rt  amchameu_sda  the eu-us thrive together  the us can t be first without europe  presenting the 2018 survey to  repjoewilson  repdandonov…
 nancyatheart - thank you for the honor and all that you do
rt  aarpohio  more focus on ohio s 1 5 million family caregivers  thank you  repjimrenacci for cosponsoring raise family caregivers act  now…
this week i am pushing hard to permanently eliminate the misguided wotus rule 
this saturday  april 28th  is national prescription drug take back day  to find the collection site closest to you…
rt  houseagnews  claim   1b investment is not enough  2018 farm bill triples the investment per recipients  maintaining the status quo does…
tonight i will vote to crack down on sanctuary cities  if a city ignores federal law  shouldn t get fed      sayfie
spent some of the morning with the american red cross writing christmas cards to our troops serving overseas  we ca…
rt  houseforeign  tmrw 9 30amet  consideration of  replahood resolution supporting efforts to bring 2026 fifa world cup to canada  mexico &…
my full statement on today s tariff announcement 
h r  4174 will track the effectiveness of federal agencies through data analysis 
rt  nothingbutnets  our n b n summit advocacy day is off to a great start   thank you  repdavidyoung for meeting with our champions simon est…
today is  mfgday  thank you to all of the dedicated american manufacturers  m f g day17
i ve introduced t r e a tact to end the 16 bed limitation  potus rightly identified as outdated   read  more about this…
i have assembled a work group of leaders in the veteran community to create a framework for improvements that can b…
i m proud to sign onto the discharge petition with several of my gop colleagues to allow votes on a series of…
rt  teamcavuto   is it the federal elected official s responsibility to in effect bail out some of these states that have been irresponsibl…
rt  housegop    repmullin  no one is a better steward of their money than the hardworking people who earn it  the tax reform law will let y…
a wonderful opportunity 
house obamacare repeal bill saves half a trillion dollars  i ll help pass it this week 
critics of the tax cuts and jobs act are wrong  in april  the government took in a record monthly budget surplus of  2…
hundreds of kansans and thousands of americans from across the country are in washington today marching for the rig…
rt  jecrepublicans  gdp = dragon energy  chairman  reperikpaulsen on bea s estimate of q1 2018 gdp   americans are better off today than t…
 tamu sane nancy downing addresses forum  it s time to demystify rape kits  rape kits must be available to victims…
rep  posey s statement on irs abuses  politics
great talking with so many folks from  mi06  this week 
when the economy roars  every american wins   maga  tax cuts
religion  speech  the press  and so much more  thankful for 226 years of these freedoms  and those who had the fore…
talking to  grahamledger tonight on  oann re  mueller investigation  bordersecurity and more  tune in at 7pm central 
our hearts are w/ mexico city & all of mexico as it works to recover from the devastation of yesterday s early morn…
rt  houseagnews  tune in   10am et to see house ag hold its committee markup on h r  2 2018 farm bill  farmbill  sn… 
it isn t too late to send in a question  i ll start answering them this week
today is national ag day  upstate new york farmers are irreplaceable contributors to the local economy and produce f…
i hope by bringing awareness to cystic fibrosis we can find a cure for not only this disease but all rare diseases 
on the way to the sub energy & sub environment hearing to discuss the nuclear regulatory commission s fy19 budget …
congratulations to rockford-native heather nauert   statedeptspox  on being named under secretary of state for publ…
earlier today i had a great visit to reliable architectural products  they are the largest employer in geneva count…
rt  waltonoptions  if you have a concern about current legislative issues   congressmanhice is hosting a telephone town hall meeting thu 2…
good questions by  orrinhatch  pleased to hear  secnielsen say  dhsgov is working with the private sector to employ…
icymi  i m working hard on juvenile justice reform and getting it signed into law  working across the aisle along w…
rt  scottsburgmc  mrs  bray s senior english classes skyped with u s  rep  trey hollingsworth  r-in 9th district  after students sent lette…
i ve enjoyed my time working alongside  rephensarling and i wish him the best of luck 
our staff is hosting a tax prep workshop tomorrow  thursday  march 22 at the  mdpls west kendall regional library …
today is the day  the house will vote on the tax cuts and jobs act to deliver what taxpayers need – bigger paychecks a…
 marqgrossman  aclu wrong  i introduced legislation to that end last year  would u send jews to hitler to ensure no religious consideration
rt  goodwillnmi  thanks  congressmandan for visiting the goodwill inn today  goodwill traversecity northernmichigan
at approx  9 35 am  edt   we will begin consideration of h r  218  my king cove land transfer legislation  tune in…
today is national day of prayer and this year s theme is  unity   which is inspired by ephesians 4 3   make every eff…
📸 icymi  yesterday   repdandonovan led a field hearing examining how to secure high-risk urban areas against the th…
rt  myclevelandnews  babin  2017 was year of accomplishments
as christians  we celebrate good friday bc of the crucifixion of our savior who bore our sins on the cross  we cele…
due to the tax cut and jobs act  walmart has great news for u s  employees  increase in min hourly wages  bonuses …
rt  trish_regan  tune in now to intelreport   blakeburman  repmcsally  npetallides  giannocaldwell  newsedward  marcshort45  jmfrees…
rt  heardonthehill  the republican team had its first practice since june 14  2017  when a gunman opened fire on them on the same field in…
the bill also includes major victories for georgia  it protects our water rights  directs critical funding toward…
rt  thebattonline  update  mia miller was named the first female mascot corporal friday  after a run around campus with corps of cadets com…
rt  houseappropsgop  the committee is now considering the fy 2018 labor  hhs & education appropriations bill  watch live 
rt  housecommerce  3️⃣4️⃣0️⃣ to 7️⃣2️⃣  nwpaa 
rt  cfjacksoncounty  foundation president dan davis speaks with 9th dis rep  trey hollingsworth and connor lentz of the congressman s staff…
this hearing has started  watch live here👉🏼
this week s column reviews our efforts in  waysandmeansgop to make the irs more efficient and customer-friendly …
rt  keprtv   repnewhouse urges for state of emergency declaration due to rattlesnake ridge landslide &gt &gt 
great news  because of the tax cuts and jobs act  small business owners are  more optimistic than ever  according t…
rt  secshulkin  looking forward to appearing before  housevetaffairs today at 10am to discuss caregivers and the state of  deptvetaffairs…
wishing a blessed and happy mothers day to all  especially the mothers in my own life--my mom  my wife  and my daugh…
i am always inspired by the american legion and american legion auxiliary  thank you for your service to our countr…
thank you to the great teachers here in  il16  & across the country for all they do  day after day  to give students…
u s  cuts  global warming  gases faster than anyone else  but media ignore it →
congratulations to george de la cruz of cane bay high school for winning this year s congressional art competition 
great question  i think  epascottpruitt sums the agency s mission up well in his back to basics agenda  you can rea…
sound science must be the cornerstone of sound policy  read my op-ed this morning here  via…
rt  housescience   vp  repbrianbabin  spacenews_inc  [chair  lamarsmithtx21 s] american space commerce free enterprise act     accomplishes…
thus the war began and later the second amendment enacted  supreme ct justices have armed security  how hypocriti…
we make this so hard  let s just do what we said we would do  that ll be good policy for the hard working families…
 speakerryan has given his all during his speakership  his legacy as a legislator and leader will live on in the ho…
congratulations to our new secretary of state  mike pompeo  i know mike will honorably serve the american people in…
smart pro-growth policies like the tax cutsand jobs act have paved the way for america s 29 million neighborhood entr…
   a nominee couldn t be appointed now for the next term – the president would need to wait until the current term concludes 
rt  speakerryan  to the men and women around the country who work in this government  the military  and law enforcement  thank you for your…
given the stakes of this election  if paul ryan isn t for trump  then i m not for paul ryan 
  secretarysonny joins the house ag committee this morning for a hearing on the state of the rural economy  you can…
just out  republican study committee releases fy 2019 budget  a framework for unified conservatism
rt  grassleypress    chuckgrassley   senjoniernst and  reprodblum press army corps for answers on cedar rapids flood project funding
 fcodeley  thejohnsonpost  politico i do - so far  no evidence of collusion  but nice try changing the subject 
rt  westerncaucus  new this land is your land video highlights  markamodeinv2 s district & a proposed 2 8m acre mineral withdrawal --&gt 
this is a sad chapter in our history that should never have come to pass  two months ago  after the disturbing alle…
 the merit act  introduced by rep  barry loudermilk  r-ga   back in january of 2017  should be brought out of mothb…
in an era when faith in the system is waning  it is important the 115th congress take steps to restore the confiden…
it s a treat to have a  copsdoughnuts location open up in delta township  welcome 
abraham lincoln  one of america s greatest presidents  was born 209 years ago today   with malice toward none  wit…
icymi  here s my interview with  cvpayne on  foxbusiness 
 luciferous_22 i agree 100%  that s why i ve introduced legislation to end taxpayer-funded settlements of sexual ha…
sc   1 in basketball  football and baseball 
in a survey conducted by  expedia  cooperstown was named the second best small to medium sized town to visit in ame…
in the 20 years i ve known ken isaacs  samaritanspurse  he has always prioritized needs of refugees & disaster vict…
the alaska delegation sent a letter to  secretaryzinke today  i will continue to work to ensure that exploration &…
today  we heard from witnesses at a hearing exploring ways to examine the strength of federal education policies &…
it s time for the  tx23  congressional art competition people s choice awards  vote for your favorite artwork by lik…
rt  dupont_john    lpnews1898 livingston parish schools closed thursday 
 hr4  will help the united states be the best place in the world to do business  learn more at…
the investigations into the hillary clinton and the presidential campaign revealed egregious levels of misconduct a…
rt  repandybarr  last night  the senate took a positive step toward addressing dodd-frank s regulatory overreaches by passing its own bipar…
 one reason i m doing this is i want more of my buddies out leading other local businesses to see it and take care…
i will continue to work tirelessly to deliver results for floridians  and ensure your federal dollars are seen back…
we are live at our hearing on the oversight of positive  ptc  implementation in the united states  for more info  ch…
mission was to send strong signal not just to assad but others that would use chemical weapons in armed conflict …
rt  secretaryacosta  america s job market is strong  a report this morning from  usdol shows the lowest 4-week average of jobless claims si…
erin  here s what i actually said   i think their goal was chaos  to say that we have seen or read evidence that  w…
it s been great working with students from the  weissschool in palm beach gardens to raise awareness of nasa s cube…
rt  globalipcenter    ip  is critically important  that s why my message from indiana s 2nd district is  protect ip   thanks   repwalorski…
please join senator tim scott and me for our facebook live today at 10 00 am  we will be discussing our new book  u…
icymi  my  wtaw1620 segment discussing the government funding bill  planned parenthood and more
ted cruz  jim bridenstine push back against climate change alarmists with  american energy renaissance act  tcot
71% of americans in the 18-22 year old range do not qualify to serve in the u s  armed forces  yesterday i joined…
rt  houseappropsgop  chairman  usreprodney commends house passage of a resolution to continue government operations and prevent a shutdown…
rt  lindseygrahamsc  great to meet with members of the  scchamber along with  senatortimscott and  tgowdysc  south carolina is a great pla…
rt  chasingearhart  what a glorious day  we just got word from  iamchrisjw about this  a very special thank you to  mcatchisonglobe for the…
we re working to help everyday folks  especially the middle class  and the small businesses that they rely on to ke…
in addition the bill includes a change that may result in a small increase in coastal restoration and hurricane pro…
rt  des_electronic  our president  bobdagostino will be testifying on behalf of  necanet     tune in  dagostinoelectronic
i would like to offer my heartiest thanks to all teachers especially those in the 32nd congressional district  teac…
celebrating frederick douglass200 birthday today  the lion of anacostia had a big heart- fought for freedoms for all …
november is national healthy skin month  it s important to take care of the largest organ in the human body  your ski…
rt  esopassociation  love these kinds of visits  kudos for inviting  reprodblum and kudos to him for visiting in person with your employee…
the u s  house of representatives is back in session  get important notes and see what bills will be considered in…
today  on national ag day   texascorn dropped by to discuss issues important to their farmers across our great stat…
join us tonight beginning at 7 20 p m  edt for our seventh  va05  interactive town hall meeting of 2018  sign up for…
vets shouldnt suffer b/c of where they live  bills passed today expand & improve care for 17th districts 78 000 vets
rt  davemistich    repmckinley questions facebook ceo on network s role in opioid crisis 
i applaud  secretaryzinke for heeding the calls of  flgovscott and our fl congressional delegation and taking flori…
finished a great day of drug free m o at  skylineproud this afternoon  thank you to all of our speakers and schools …
the  natlparkservice is kicking off national park week tomorrow with free admission to v a05 s own  shenandoahnps …
too many infants enter this world without having a fighting chance of avoiding the pain and suffering caused by add…
excited to see the minnesota timberwolves heading to the playoffs  i ve enjoyed watching the wolves w/ my family ov…
icymi  chairman  drphilroe examined  deptvetaffairs implementation of appeals reform  watch his full opening statem…
de tocqueville once stated when looking for the greatness of america that  not until i went into the churches of am…
talking  ia01  ag community issues  and a little bit about iowa state football  with  landolakesinc
having only a few hours to read and digest huge bills is an absurd way to run a government  you d be upset if your…
i m incredibly impressed with the talent michigan students demonstrated at the 2018  frcteams world championship  t…
with all the complexities in the world  now we have something called ai  it can be used for great good  it can be u…
the best news i ve received today  12thman gigem whoop let s go aggies 
just the mere announcement of imposing high tariffs on materials we use every day has had an impact on the stock ma…
honored to present greensburg s william deiwert  a korean war veteran  the presidential unit citation  he is a true…
be sure to text  tax reform  to 50589 or visit to learn more of how this tax plan allows am…
legislation takes steps to protect taxpayers and restore trust in the irs
visiting south central career center in west plains  amazing facility where missourians can learn everything from s…
protecting the interests of american workers and american citizens is what a  potus is supposed to do  finally we h…
icymi  watch chairman  rep_stevewomack s full  squawkcnbc interview about the budget request submitted to congress…
school closures due to potentially icy weather
this morning i met w/ whitehall high school 10th graders at the u s  capitol  they came prepared with excellent que…
check out a running list of companies nationwide that are providing benefits to its employees & investing more in o…
icymi -  medcitydenton has been designated a level ii trauma center  making it the first and only hospital in dento…
i remained in washington throughout weekend & will remain until government opens  my offices are open but appreciat…
stream live now 📺 hearing on  enhancing retirement security  examining proposals to simplify and modernize retireme…
breaking → the schumer shutdown is finally over 
thanks to tax reform and historic economic growth  small businesses are increasingly raising employee wages …
today  17 of my house colleagues joined me in nominating  realdonaldtrump for the 2019 nobel peace prize 
thanks to the  homedepot team in redmond for the warm welcome to your store  because of tax reform  home depot is r…
unsc res 2334 undermines the peace process  threatens israel s security & enables the anti-semitic bds movement 
thank you  wralbleslie for stopping by to discuss the legacy of our north carolina brother  reverend billy graham …
good luck to wheelersburg h s  in the upcoming national science bowl finals  team won the south central ohio region…
joining  delossjahnke on  farmweeknow talking us-china working group  trade  and the passage of the farm bill out o…
rt  hascrepublicans  welcome to the night shift  connorobriennh fy19ndaa ndaa
president trump ended president obama s executive immigration order last september & requested that congress pass a…
today marks the start of black history month  an opportunity for all of us to reflect and celebrate the accomplishme…
rt  speakerryan  because of tax reform  90% of workers will see more money in their paychecks  at our tax talk earlier this week  kasey tol…
thanks to low taxes  less regulation and balanced budgets  indiana has the third best economic outlook in the count…
 we pray for your truth and love and peace to reign in our country and in our world   - minister jeremiah tatum  tn06 
rt  nobelprize   they re really the reason that we are here at all   today  all three 2017 physics laureates honoured the huge  ligo / vi…
here are the details on  michiganstateu s  frib  
watch  repbyrne speak at the start of today s hearing on the opioid epidemic
this week in the  financialcmte  we re discussing 17 bills  including one i introduced   hr2255-  the home act  whic…
as a senior member of the house ag committee  the farm bill is important to me  great to meet…
breaking news  we ve been informed that udoka s mother s visa has been approved 
rt  stevescalise  update  100  companies are paying their hard-working employees more and investing more in their communities as a result o…
rt  johnny_joey  i love what  darrellissa is doing to protect the constitutional liberty of americans in term of asset forfeiture and immin…
congratulations to  centralstate87 s honors students 
he breathes new life  so that we can live    free  have a blessed easter 
rep  sensenbrenner will be on  newstalk1130 with  jayweber3 this morning to chat about what s happening in congress 
rt  housecommerce  here s where you can watch this morning s hearing with  facebook ceo mark zuckerberg  💻 website 
join us wednesday  may 9  beginning at 7 20 p m  edt for our seventh  va05  interactive town hall meeting of 2018  s…
looking forward to working with my friend and former colleague  new  nasa administrator & fellow navy pilot  jim br…
important that reagan republicans stand with  potus trump and pass clean debt limit increase 
rt  steveknight25  this week is national police week  my 18 years on the lapd was an incredible honor  take a moment this week to thank an o…
release  westerman votes to enhance anti-human trafficking laws ar4 arnews nwanews arpx
what s going on  cfpb  while their mission is noble  this thread highlights why director mulvaney has important wor…
fy2017 - social security spending will increase by 3 3%   faster than last year b/c beneficiaries received a 0 3 co…
  repcurbelo  this bill is a common-sense proposal that could mitigate some of the violent tragedies being seen in…
proud to lead my colleagues in an effort to force a debate and votes on four different immigration proposals on the…
it s a beautiful day in southwest virginia  and because president trump is acting presidentially and not politicall…
bureaucrats in sacramento want to waste  170 million on a taxpayer-funded experiment to protect fish that are alrea…
pleased to present ross perot with the 2017 lifetime achievement award at today s 2nd annual worth honoring luncheo…
congrats  erwinutilities on receiving a grant for the downtown erwin entrepreneurs business grant project 
this is simple  when disaster strikes  our veterans should not be forced to suffer  the bipartisan veterans educati…
it s an honor to have so many of our nation s police officers at the capitol for police week and national peace off…
for the last week  i ve had the opportunity to visit with iii corps soldiers leading the coalition fight against is…
as we wrap up small business week  i want to thank the many small business owners that support our economy and enric…
caught up with sean mcnear  director of regulatory affairs for  bluebuffalo  to talk about the great facility in…
now we must work to apply max  pressure on iran until it agrees to irreversibly dismantle its illicit nuclear infra…
 newhouse  mcmorris rodgers announce nearly  2m to support columbia basin project  via  kndukndo
 icymi  -  houstonchron  politicians must work together in harvey recovery houston strong  tx07 
dave reichert has led with honor  my statement regarding the announcement of  davereichert retirement 
i appreciate administrator  epascottpruitt for approving north dakota s application  i am confident our state s exp…
rt  waysandmeansgop  americans don t have to wait to see positive changes from taxreform  the tax cuts are helping them now – not in 10 ye…
i had the privilege of meeting with 2 wonderful principals from wa-08 with  naesp &  nassp  we had a great conversa…
24 opportunity zone designations here in southwest michigan alone thanks to the tax cuts & jobs act  mi06  --&gt 
rt  houseagnews    conawaytx11  throughout this farm bill process  i have sought in good faith to work with the ranking member in the devel…
check out my video recap of our recent bipartisan  househomeland delegation visit to the middle east & europe --&gt 
the reason former educator  virginiafoxx supports school choice is simple 
 this means small businesses  where almost half of america s private-sector workforce is employed  will have more m…
great meeting in washington office with local 7 bricklayers and allied craft workers union  yesterday  building tra…
 we re talking about innocent human beings   who are here through no fault of their own    reppeteking
 he is not here  but has risen   may you and your families have a blessed easter 
it keeps getting better –  lowes plans for up to  1 000 bonuses because of tax reform  these are not crumbs for har…
i was saddened to learn of the passing of mark chew  longtime pastor and former denton city council member  he will…
it s always impressive to see the level of artistic talent we have here in virginia  and our art advisory board se…
walorski shares feedback from hoosier businesses impacted by tariffs at hearing  committee examines tariff effects…
rt  abensonij    repjeffduncan will be taking part in tomorrow s  housecommerce hearing with  facebook head mark zuckerberg  duncan said ea…
 potus  hhsgov mr  azar knows the department of health and human services inside and out  and will work with congre…
president  realdonaldtrump has unleashed a new era of american energy dominance
what a day celebrating nationalreadingmonth  thank you  libnofcongress for visiting  oh05   also - ty to…
this weekend on lone star politics  i caught up with  juliefinenbc5 and  gromerjeffers to discuss the economy  chip…
this saturday - april 28th - is national prescription drug take back day  join me in fighting the opioid epidemic b…
 democrats have spread far and wide the false claim that families making less than  86 100 on average   tax reform
we cherish barbara bush s association with south carolina  having attended ashley hall school in charleston  and we…
a shutdown means our troops will work without pay  and 9 million children from low and middle-income families will…
estoy profundamente preocupado por la seguridad de la valiente activista  marthabroque por aparentes amenazas de mu…
this month  the centers for medicare & medicaid services  cms  will begin mailing new free medicare cards to all pe…
even as partisan divide on immigration at times seems tougher than ever  it s been incredible to see lawmakers from…
  virginiafoxx   betsydevosed  and  senalexander in  realclearpolicy   all families should be able to choose the be…
rep  sensenbrenner s op-ed on civil asset forfeiture & the doj proposal to expand the program is up now via  thehill
proud to introduce legislation with  repperlmutter to make the  cfpb guidance process more transparent 
from  nytimes   there are 39 pages in the labor department s february report on the employment situation in the uni…
rt  waysandmeansgop   nancypelosi   nancypelosi we want to draw your attention to this letter excerpt from the non-partisan cbo  republican…
tomorrow  the subcommittee on health  employment  labor  and pensions holds a hearing to explore  usdol s proposed…
i was delighted to talk to my friends from the  texasfarmbureau this afternoon 
join me in congratulating g a09 s emmi schakat on her acceptance at  westpoint_usma and jack haller on his admissio…
arkansans are fed up with the government spending more than it takes in  which is why in march  i asked house leade…
great discussion at good shepherd hospital in hermiston today on combating the opioid crisis  it is my top priority…
tomorrow  i will be in dunkirk to kick off the 16th annual march for meals with  _mealsonwheels
praying for the family and friends of cadet kaleb estes today 
rt  housegop  relief is headed for utility customers in these 48 states  see the full list now 
we had a great time in halifax county with  garlandcomer and the virginia tobacco growers association  thanks for…
rt  r5_fire_news  looking for applicants with the heart of a wildland firefighter  and an online resume   apply  us…
those who come to work in the halls of congress need to feel confident that harassment of any kind will not be tole…
we are forever in their debt  & they deserve our utmost respect  for this reason  we have to have a leader who unde…
i am forever grateful for his guidance on the budget committee when i was first elected to congress  but most impor…
thanks to our pro-growth policies and passage of the tax cuts and jobs act  the american economy is booming with the l…
thank you sharon and the gonzales rotary club for inviting me to discuss traffic and infrastructure concerns  the…
on international women s day  let us honor the many women  both past and present  who have paved the way for women…
rt  waysandmeansgop  just passed  house approves final bill to overhaul our nation s tax code for the first time in 31 years  next stop →  …
joined cedar grove south end engine company 3 for their pancake breakfast  always great to find out what on first…
i m honored to receive the spirit of enterprise award from the  uschamber  small businesses are the cornerstone of…
thankful to live in a country that practices religious freedom every day  on national day of prayer we recognize the…
i m happy to see bipartisan support for my legislation  the mortgage choice act  that passed the house today to hel…
small businesses are the backbone of our economy  small business saturday
pleased to present my extension of remarks to the village of wayne to congratulate them on being named one of the s…
this is what cindy & i looked like the last time america had tax reform- in 1986  with the fy18 budget resolution p…
thanks  nscsafety   whitehouse  and  usinterior for bringing this important memorial to dc  together  we will comba…
rt  speakerryan  this year america took big steps towards becoming a more perfect union  here are 17 photos from 2017 
letter to the editor sent today to the san jose mercury news in regard to story about yosemite
spoke to the first two periods of mr  krill s senior government class this morning at edgerton hd  students were en…
even the  potus agrees   nobody  read the fy18 omnibus bill  members of congress need time to read legislation bef…
sharing a brief video message with my e-newsletter subscribers
rt  housegop  you can t deny that the tax cutsand jobs act is benefitting americans in big ways  1  nearly 83 million americans are seeing lo…
rt  wtol11toledo  congressman walberg hosts a panel discussion on combating the opioid crisis in monroe county - h…
icymi  yesterday  i joined  varneyco on  foxbusiness to weigh in on potus in california and immigration  watch my…
rt  readyharris  hurricane preparedness week | are you insured for a hurricane  find coverage at hurricane prep hu…
senator long is an extraordinary public servant  and i m honored to call him a mentor and friend  thank you for you…
the fifth circuit court of appeals vacated the department of labor s  dol  fiduciary rule  an obama-era regulation…
shipbuilding is a sign of our nation s resolve  355ships
national pet day is special for many of our veterans  like butch from  oh15   and his service dog  stella  passing th…
rt  petegwc  glad to be able to update  warrendavidson on our work today and how ohio companies are impacting humanity   wagnersubaru  grea…
these cub scouts are about to become boy scouts  congratulations to armona pack 432 and thanks for letting me help…
  rephensarling has been a friend & colleague for many years  and leaves big shoes to fill  i wish him all the best in his future endeavors 
enjoyed speaking at the  semmustangs  ffasem student and parent annual ffa banquet in sumner about the importance o…
great to have  iastate_pres wendy wintersteen at the u s  capitol today  we talked about the important agriculture…
we celebrate  schoolchoicewk because every child deserves an effective  challenging  and motivating education 
honored to receive nypd sgts benevolent association heroism award from sba pres ed mullins  ed & i denounced anti-p…
this month  i received a letter from secretary of defense  james mattis  thanking me for my support of the consolid…
  repmarkmeadows  today  we are holding a hearing to examine the issue of improper payments  particularly within medicaid 
breaking  fiscal year 2019 legislative branch appropriations bill released
snap asset tests have not been updated since the 1970s  the farm bill raises asset limits so participants can put a…
my deepest sympathies and prayers are with my friend  tomcoleok04  his staff  and sean s family and loved ones as t…
rt  rickjensennd  congressman kevin cramer on with us now  listen at link below            
40 questions special counsel robert mueller needs to answer now
rt  repgallagher  joining  hughhewitt at 7 35am et to talk news of the day  listen live here 
great day in pittsburgh with  vp and  keithrothfus celebrating the success of the tax cutsand jobs act  glad to discu…
as i told  teamcavuto on  foxnews this morning  i will never apologize for championing america s greatness & nation…
the senate just voted to proceed to my bill   fosta   this legislation will give victims a pathway to justice and en…
starting soon  chairman  robert_aderholt and the agriculture subcommittee hold a hearing on the fy19 budget for…
as we honor national police week  we salute the men and women in blue who risk their lives to save ours  thank you…
rt  970wfla    seanhannity news roundup the budget deal raises spending caps by  300b in 2 years  freedom caucus    repdavebrat     repsco…
2 7m american children have an incarcerated parent  non-violent drug offenses account for roughly 50% of the federa…
i was present for nearly every minute of his two interviews  those  reporting  on his two interviews were not prese…
fantastic evening with my fellow  vfwhq members  i am humbled to accept the  vfwhq 2018 congressional award  we mus…
our south dade farmers and migrant workers play an essential role in putting food on 🍽 in  fl26  and across the coun…
my full response to tonight s powerful state of the union address by president  realdonaldtrump …
rt  idot_illinois  light to moderate snow is currently moving east through northern illinois and should reach chicago by later this afterno…
happy birthday to the  usairforce  thank you for 70 years of dedicated service to our country 
rt  freedomworks  the penny plan is a chance to balance the budget and rein in out-of-control spending  tell your representative/senator to…
with the signing of  cpia  into law  legislation i co-authored with  repadamschiff  our youth-serving organizations…
judiciary chairman  repgoodlatte speaks live at 10am on fox news with  mariabartiromo on  sundayfutures  doj 
crazy weather here in mn this weekend  i had to break out the snowplow to help leigh dig out of this mess… april  s…
3  it is too soon to talk about changes and reforms to the appropriations process  but there is no doubt that major changes need to be made 
great conversation with mps about tax reform today  under the plan introduced  a four-person middle class family wo…
the great news keeps coming  see what other companies are giving out bonuses and raising wages because of…
great news this am as n  korea has released the 3 americans the regime had been holding hostage  very pleased for t…
important conversation this morning about the rfs  cafe  evs  innovation  and consumer demand  change is happening…
rt  linedata  what s the word from dc  today rep  warrendavidson talked data   trading crypto with the boston securities traders assn  a…
main streets across america  like in  grapevinetxcity  will benefit from a simpler tax code  tax reform tuesday
rt  whitehouse  mr  speaker  the president of the united states     sotu  
 your premiums will go down   truth  premiums and deductibles are on the rise under obamacare 
speaking about lagoon solutions at capitol hill conference this morning
rt  the_citizen    repjohnkatko elected co-chair of moderate gop group  by  robertharding 
companies like dma holdings are opening up shop and creating good paying jobs in our community because of the proxi…
i m live with  abc22fox45 now to discuss the p e r s i s tagainst m s tact to combat sexual assault in the military and all…
most of all  iran is a state sponsor of terrorism  furthermore  the deal is dangerously flawed as it expires and se…
accordingly  today  repthomasmassie and i introduced a bill to restrict the u s  state department and the u s  agen…
allegations that the obama administration purposefully undermined law enforcement efforts against hezbollah in orde…
 schools shouldn t side on guns  read more via  the_robesonian 
chairman bishop joined  laurasullivanpr to discuss the ongoing crisis in puerto rico  watch the entire documentary…
currently in  natresources for a legislative hearing on my bill  h r  3846  the power counties act
each day  american workers  taxpayers & families are burdened by excessive regulation  the r e v i e wact curtails that 
rt  bread4theworld  to endhunger by 2030 takes will and resources  says  repchrissmith at bread lobby day 
honored to attend the dedication ceremony of the rex gearhart memorial garden at virginia high school in bristol to…
representatives from veterans service groups and the  va  will be at both of my veterans information workshops to an…
many thanks to long island s 106th rescue wing from the new york air national guard for their heroic rescue efforts in texas  great job 
  completecollege  america faces college completion crisis  failure to act threatens our economic future  g o p future
need a passport  saturday  september 10 the atlanta passport agency will celebrate passport day from 10-3pm 
today  on world down syndrome day we celebrate those around the world living with down syndrome  we celebrate their p…
rt  goodwillcaphill   congressmandan thanks for visiting  goodwillnmi & your support of goodwill  hope you enjoyed seeing the mission in ac…
celebrate idaho day  president lincoln signed the act creating idaho territory on march 4  1863  william wallace …
proud to facilitate another good jobs fair  thank you to the dozens of employers & all who came to learn about job…
farm bill  al03  ag
rt  waysandmeansgop  yesterday  chairman brady spoke at  heritage about the success of the tax cuts and jobs act and a possible taxreform pha…
after april 17  goodbye to the old  broken tax code  hello  economic revival  - chairman  repkevinbrady in  usatoday
icymi  my thoughts on tariffs and the best approach to school safety watch  connect to congress  kutv2news
rt  housegop  rt to recognize military appreciation month 
good luck to spearfish high school this weekend  they ll be representing south dakota in a national competition on…
significant tax and regulatory reforms by the president and congress  combined with tremendous reductions in u s  e…
 librarycongress announced the date for the annual national book festival – sept  5th in d c  will you be attending 
rt  axios  president trump   when i make promises  i keep them  
nice to meet w/ these alaskan students from south anchorage hs on the house steps 
 the jake laird act  named after an indianapolis police officer who was shot & killed in 2004 by a man who struggled…
rt  ulalaunch  stephen flach  peter poppleton and jacob williams of l3 avionics  a u l a rocket team partner  met with rep   warrendavidson to…
rt  edworkforce   i am proud to introduce this legislation to help children in harm s way   -  repguthrie
rt  nebraskachamber   rep  smith heading to montreal for nafta negotiations 
check out my column in the  heraldtribune on protecting police from cop killers  sayfie
  wsj  the number of americans filing new applications for unemployment benefits fell last week to the lowest level…
rt  californiard   repdavidvaladao   usdard california state director kim dolbow vann  and  selfhelpent ceo  tcollishaw speak to home owner…
  repdianeblack   over the last several months  lawmakers in both chambers have laid the groundwork for historic ta…
proud to see  realdonaldtrump signing an important piece of legislation to help fight sex trafficking into law toda…
clarinda and i wish you and your family a very merry christmas 
thank you to the community for your generosity on behalf of  riverton_high teacher mac frischknecht  who died of a…
rt  speakerryan  first lady barbara bush was a force who loved her family and our country passionately  the flag at the  uscapitol flies at…
this isn t a game  i encourage my friends on both sides of the aisle to take the health of our kids  our national s…
rt  speakerryan  following tax reform  87 million americans—and counting—across 48 states   dc  are set to see lower utility bills  this is…
the irs has updated their withholding tables  so you can now use this link to calculate how much money you saved th…
rt  houseappropsgop  the military construction  va appropriations bill has been favorably reported by the subcommittee on a unanimous voice…
so many faces i love in one picture ❤️  good job at the track meet booker👊🏼 runlikethewind
it was an honor to speak to missourians who made the trip to dc for the march for life  we must continue to work to…
rt  housecommerce  live now  sub d c c p convenes hearing titled  do not call  combating robocalls and caller id spoofing  &gt &gt 
rt  usedgov  we are kicking off teacher appreciation week  join us in celebrating all the hard-working teachers in our lives  tell us about…
rt  michfarmbureau  congrats  congressmandan &  repmoolenaar on assignments to many agriculture subcommittees  good for mi farming 
had an insightful and productive hour long conversation this morning w 2nd dist high school students stella and el…
starting at 2 pm   secelainechao testifies before  mariodb and the transportation/hud subcommittee on the fy19 budg…
missing brooke and the girls from dc today but couldn t pass up the opportunity to share this pic from swearing in…
congratulations to  cityoftwinsburg environmental commission member daisy walker for being nominated for the…
thank you for stopping by  appreciate everything you do for ohio communities 
great meeting today with dr  ben carson and sen  rand paul
i am saddened to hear of the passing of former abilene mayor fred lee hughes  fred lee was a true public servant  g…
rt  speakerryan  for all the noise and fury  we are a family  an attack on one of us is an attack on all of us 
happy to welcome some extremely talented songwriters from nashville to the house today  thanks  nsaiofficial for sh…
rt  astro_ellen  with directors of  nasakennedy and  nasa_marshall discussing progress on  nasa_orion  nasa_sls and ground systems with  re…
another great example of taxreform increasing opportunity   mcdonalds announced it is significantly expanding educ…
thank you to independence community college for hosting trio leaders from southeast kansas for a great discussion o…
rt  markweinerdc  house passes  repjohnkatko   reptenney amendments restoring help for cities  ny22   ny24   cdbg 
2/4    resulted in the devastating loss of innocent lives and has left so many with questions that can t be answered  i commend the…
the house just passed  hr4712  the born-alive abortion survivors protection act  which i proudly co-sponsored  this…
 housecommerce energy subcommittee hearing explores future of transmission with star witness former  ndpsc commissi…
congressman griffith s weekly e-newsletter 3 30 18 topic  hallelujah 
epa withdraw of wotus rule restores commonsense to our national reg system & is good news for texans 
this teacher appreciation week we are reminded of how lucky tennessee is to have the most incredible  hard-working &…
apple  inc  announces 20 000 more jobs  repatriation of cash   350b committed to the us economy over five years  an…
rt  abramskl   it is imperative to get the tip report right   repchrissmith  i couldn t agree more  endtrafficking douglass t v p a
guess what s heading to  potus  desk  my adult day health care bill to help severely disabled vets has been signed…
rt  waysandmeansgop  tomorrow   usdol  secretaryacosta will testify before the committee on how members can work with  potus and the admin…
it was great to be with members of the oklahoma army national guard s 45th infantry brigade on veterans day 
immediate mandatory evacuation for parts of lake jackson
the tax cuts and jobs act repealed the obamacare individual mandate  in its decision upholding the law  the u s  su…
lots of encouraging news in the february jobs report  including 313 000 jobs added and unemployment remaining at a…
minnie is very disappointed w/  stevecollinssj
rt  gregfenves   lamarsmithtx2  thank you for your service to texas & the nation and support of science
 celliott406 reformed means funded  need more funding sources  will strengthen the program 
today the house votes on the  fy18ndaa   hope everyone can come together to pass this critical bill  our warfighters deserve our full support
got the entire family together for the hanford ffa ​annual 5k and flapjacks run this weekend   nationalffa is an aw…
sending my thoughts to the deputies injured in sebastian county  i hope they all have a speedy recovery  thank you…
for hardworking taxpayers  the day has finally come  the most meaningful taxreform legislation in over a generatio…
i m glad everyone  usembassymne is safe  we have to do all we can to ensure the safety at our embassies around the…
was happy to spend time  inl yesterday looking at some of their important national security work 
today  a bipartisan majority in the house passed  hr3697   giving law enforcement more tools to keep our streets & f…
thank you to  gpghcc for having me as your first friday speaker  i was happy to talk about how tax reform is creati…
 tptuley  housebudgetgop please try this  or feel free to visit my website or facebook wher…
 3/3  the problems on capitol hill are many  returning to pork barrel spending would make them all worse 
marion co residents  if you have suffered loss or damage to your home or business  please visit this link to apply 
rt  speakerryan  proud to introduce a bill yesterday with  tgowdysc   repderekkilmer   farenthold   senbrianschatz  &  pattymurray 
rt  usarmycentral   we ve got the best  we ve got the brightest  and just being here today shows that to me    judgecarter and  reprwilliam…
rt  senatorshoshana  dear  republicanstudy  💗💗💗💗💗💗💗💗💗💗💗💗💗💗💗💗💗💗💗💗💗💗💗💗💗💗💗💗💗💗💗💗💗
exactly 
rt  realdonaldtrump  five most wanted leaders of isis just captured 
chairman  petesessions proudly voted to make necessary reforms to the  va   read his statement here 
rt  transport   hr4  isn t all about aviation  it also contains the disaster recovery reform act  which will help our communities be better…
 jeisrael  thinkprogress just for the record  the phrase of choice is  pumping sunshine  with a  p   listen carefully 
dan  a small-business owner from rochester hills  shared with me today that as a result of taxreform he invested i…
from everyday american families to small business owners  taxreform will positively impact your life and make a re…
news  listening tour sends lawmakers to timber automation story by  thesenrec…
rt  whitehouse  it s been one year since president trump took office  and he is  putting america first  making real change in washington  a…
on the 76th anniversary of the surprise attack on pearl harbor  we honor the courage and sacrifice of the…
disappointing to see dominican republic bend to the will of china and cut ties with our democratic ally and friend…
my statement on iran below and online here 
great visit and lunch with the folks at elkins senior center   ar3 
 danleibson the voters in my district know my record  u r not attacking me u r arrogantly demeaning voters for not agreeing with u
for 50 years  peaceincsyr has played an essential role helping others realize their potential  i was honored to spe…
rt  housejudiciary  the constitution subcommittee will hold a hearing tomorrow on class action lawsuits for those with intellectual disabil…
rt  houseappropsgop  starting soon  chairman  robert_aderholt and the agriculture subcommittee hold a hearing on the fy19 budget for  us_f…
congratulations to  chloekimsnow on her gold medal victory in the women s halfpipe finals at the peyong chang2018 w…
one of the many benefits of the tax cutsand jobs act is the creation of new job opportunities for kentuckians  since…
happy small business week  be sure to shop local and help fuel america s 29 million small businesses 
rt  rxsummit    rephalrogers  there is a shortage of treatment workers in rural areas  so when people realize they need help  they can t ge…
a tremendous and amazingly unique example of grace and dignity who gave so very much to america  tina & i send our…
 a good teacher can inspire hope  ignite the imagination  and instill a love of learning   i m thankful for our te…
it s always a pleasure to visit with levy county sheriff bobby mccallum  local leaders  and farmers  we had a great…
great to hear about the work  2harvest is doing to end local hunger in minnesota  their organization relies on our…
🚨  repratcliffe and  hurdonthehill gaveling in now ↓
great news for the badger state  our pro-growth policies like reducing red tape  cutting taxes  and promoting entre…
rt  healthylakes  last week we endorsed  repmikebishop s resolution designating the week of memorial day as great lakes week  we live aroun…
 this is a great community    people are friendly & remember who you are when you meet them  that s a great thing …
rt  houseappropsgop  icymi  earlier today  the defense subcommittee held a hearing to conduct important oversight on the budget for the  us…
on this day  in 1732  our first president  george washington was born  as the father of our nation  he led our coun…
important to note 
rt  repstefanik  icymi  the margin protection program  mpp  is failing dairy farmers in my district   repabraham and i sent a letter to hou…
rt  sarah_verardo  we are really lucky to call many members of congress dear friends  congressman richard hudson is at the top of the list …
great to visit with auburn university student  hanna morrison today  hanna  a sophomore at…
rt  jecrepublicans  *new time* don t miss the joint economic committee s hearing on wednesday at *2pm*   how the innovation economy leads…
live  talk radio town hall with  scotthennen on  wzfgradio  looking forward to your questions and comments 
very grateful 
icymi  my  kbtxnews brazos valley this morning segment discussing border security  daca  facebook data and more
celebrating national peanut month by eating a handful of  georgiapeanuts  i m proud that georgia is the number one p…
rt  senatortimscott  every single person should be respected  every single woman should be respected  because of  senjoniernst &  senatorsh…
the fed typically raises rates to prevent inflation and overheating  what are your thoughts on raising interest rat…
my comments as submitted to  secretaryzinke in opposition to the proposed national park fee increases 
pleased to announce jenna piatt a senior at union local hs has won this year s congressional art competition in our…
i enjoyed spending wednesday morning w/ suwannee american cement plant manager tom messer  he gave me a tour of the…
icymi  i did not hold back in telling  potus  realdonaldtrump what our veterans want to see in their next…
great visiting with  fivesensesil this afternoon to hear how tax reform has helped this local small business and to…
it was an honor to congratulate sion cavana  chs_br who has accepted his appointment to the us airforce academy and…
rt  speakerryan  reverend dr  martin luther king  jr  made america look up  and look within  by his works  we saw the great promise of the…
 aura is pleased to see that the search for life elsewhere in the universe continues to be supported by the committ…
obama s agreement with iran -- a big mistake  via  youtube
rt  montanachamber  small businesses honor rep  zinke with  spirit of enterprise  award   
  interior  as chairman of interior appropriations subcommittee  i m glad we were able to pass the fy18 funding bil…
northeast indiana continues to lead the way  a recent report by  lifeatpurdue found that 4 northeast indiana counti…
ag lynch is a political arm of the administration/isn t capable of being chief enforcer of justice  clinton emails
bloomberg gov   everyone complains about the weather  house does something about it   bgov
we ll never forget the courageous men that fought to liberate from tyranny  sacrificed everything for victory …
 repanniekuster  repevanjenkins  2/4  maine has tragically been disproportionately impacted by the opioid epidemic …
today  we pause to thank & honor our veterans  these sentinels of freedom personify the words alexander hamilton on…
congratulations to  reptomemmer  the winner of this year s minnesota hotdish competition 
thanks to leaders from  amtrak  aar_freightrail and other industry stakeholders who joined my  houseappropsgop subc…
rt  transport  what is wrda  why does it matter  the water resources development act authorizes america s water infrastructure - a critica…
the north country matchmaker is a great opportunity for businesses to meet with representatives from federal  state…
rt  vp   2/2    the bold and growing resistance of the iranian people today gives hope and faith to all who struggle for freedom and agains…
rt  reptomemmer  i voted with  housegop to pass hr 4771 so community banks can do what they do best  assist main street america  help local…
rt  repmaloney  thank you to my friend & colleague  repedroyce for your service  it has been an honor working with you  here s hoping we ca…
 ricebag  diamondenvelope  repbillfoster when half of my district  nearly 372 000 workers  commute every day  it s…
lifting in prayer all those impacted by last night s shooting - for comfort  peace & healing  my heart breaks for those who lost loved ones
yesterday i visited madix  inc  for a tour of their facility  among many other items  madix manufactures product sh…
the use of chemical weapons can never be tolerated in the civilized world  i commend president trump for leading th…
rt  robertharding    repjohnkatko shares stories of auburn  cny overdose victims to build case for anti-drugs bill
rt  justinamash  today is the last day in  amashoffice for our deputy chief of staff  executive director of the  libertycaucus  and my frie…
rt  usahockey  for the third consecutive winter paralympics  team u s a is golden  🇺🇸🥇
read more about this maine jobs bill here  mepolitics
rt  dan_biles   pascosheriff  repgusbilirakis managed to jump into a photo with the two stars  repgusbilirakis &  pascosheriff - thanks aga…
great to be at msu college of engineering today with  stevedaines
rt  talk1073  what is  repgarretgraves up to  find out on d c current on  ambr 
enjoyed speaking at the small biz  lunch and learn  event in jackson today  thanks to  sbagov   univwestalabama …
rt  housegop    nfib  the historically high readings indicate that policy changes – lower taxes and fewer regulations – are transformative…
chairwoman granger s defense budget is a wise sale  says  startelegram editorial board 
🚨according to  ustreasury our debt is now at  20 5t🚨 chairman  repmarkwalker   as we approach our next debt ceiling…
i introduced the puerto rico humanitarian relief act to provide puerto rico w/ extended relief from the jones act →
the sikh american community has been an integral part the united states for 125 years  we join more than 500 000 si…
   this bill urges support for this program so that students across the country can follow in their footsteps and d…
rt  stevescalise  under the tax cuts and jobs act  american families keep more of what they earn and are benefitting from a booming economy  b…
go nova lets march nova
happy st  patrick s day  may your troubles be less and your blessings be more and nothing but happiness come thro…
rt  secretarysonny  hard to see from aerial shots  but at the bottom of each tree is a pile of fruit that irma knocked down  florida citr…
today at 3 15pm central will talk to  eagleedmartin on  theanswerstl  we will discuss my 40 questions for mueller …
rt  riponadvance    repfrenchhill   repmoolenaar   replahood   repmimiwalters  &  repdonbacon tout strong support for  cte  reform bill
rt  housegop    secretaryross  the tax cutsand jobs act signed into law by  potus in december is already benefiting american families  worker…
no child should feel unsafe at school  the stop school violence act will help identify threats and prevent acts of…
the house just passed the fy18 omnibus  which provides funding for critical central valley programs  ➡️ law enfo…
i have heard from numerous small businesses in  tx32  about how the tax cuts and jobs act has helped them grow their bu…
ruminski preserves our community s history through stories and historical tours & eubank inspires his students & th…
happening now   gopoversight s interior subcommittee hearing   regulatory reform task force check-in  
glad to have the chance to sit down this afternoon with student leaders of  um_asum at  missourisandt 
angel of anzio  via  youtube
today s  scotus  ruling doesn t change the fact obamacare has failed to live up to its promises to american families
rt  outnumberedot  what a lineup at 1pm   royblunt  senatorcardin  repleezeldin  stephenfhayes  repjimbanks  mdubowitz &  davidtafuri…
6  why and how often did doj lawyer bruce orr meet with dossier author christopher steele during the 2016 campaign 
today we remember the 32 lives lost and the lives forever changed at virginia tech eleven years ago 
reminder  join me for a facebook live town hall today at 11am  tune in and submit your questions here 
we are now considering h r  5261  teach to combat addiction act find all bills from today s full cmte markup here…
holt cat broke ground in  georgetowntx this week  this new development will bring many new jobs and grow the centra…
as a veteran  i want to thank the work of the  americanlegion for all that they do for our communities  i m gratefu…
rt  foxandfriends   this may be the worst bill i have seen in my time in congress  - jim_jordan reacts to the  1 3t spending bill
 but as president of the united states  my highest loyalty  my greatest compassion  and my constant concern is for…
talking tax reform this morning in rocky river with  ivankatrump  u s  treasurer jovita carranza  and…
rt  housecommerce  sub health announces details for this week s markup of legislation aimed at combating the opioid crisis &gt &gt 
rt  reptrey  our local family farms are this country s original small businesses  today  as part of national small business week  i sat dow…
thanks for stopping by and sharing the important role libraries play in our communities
 secnielsen tired of abuse in our immigration system  securing americas future act has the tools to combat asylum fr…
last night i went on  msnbc for a spirited discussion with my friend  alivelshi about the schumer shutdown  time fo…
rt  libnofcongress  i m having a fun time doing story time with rep   boblatta at the  waylibrary with these adorable first graders 
happy birthday  usairforce  thank you to our air force men and women for your service  a fbday airmen
thank you to all of our vietnam veterans for your service to our country   va10  vietnam war veterans day
rt  speakerryan  the late rev  billy graham will lie in honor in the u s  capitol rotunda today  here is how you can watch the service at 1…
great to have phillips co commissioner lesley robinson in dc talking ag  she s a loud advocate for montana  mtpol
the february report was the biggest beat against expectations since december 2009   
met with john glenn hs student nick meinert and his parents today to talk about nick s options to serve in our mili…
i want to thank the may museum & park  and  eastcarolina  s history department for their hard work and collaboratio…
billy graham was an incredible man of god who touched the lives of millions of people  he led a ministry of love an…
i m discussing the recent mountainburg tornado with  5newsapril  cc   5news ar4
tonight the rules committee will have a late night considering h r  1  the tax cuts and jobs act  to learn more abo…
time for u s  politicians to follow lead of potus & pm may  call these terrorists  islamist   put aside pc & petty partisanship  this is war
rt  scottwongdc  darin lahood   this tax bill plays in peoria 
saturday  april 28th is national prescription drug take back day which aims to provide a safe  convenient  and resp…
 c4mac absolutely  here you go 
rt  acktobda  budgeting annually - at both federal and state/local levels - for the anticipated annualized cost of natural disasters as we…
happy 90th birthday mr  chairman  your leadership continues to influence and inspire so many  myself included  wish…
enjoyed talking to some of the good folks at the bulldog country cafe in colmesneil  texas 
  houstonchron  texas unemployment rate falls to record low
rt  scotttparkinson  in this op-ed in  dcexaminer   republicanstudy chairman  repmarkwalker highlights the major policies conservatives wan…
 benshapiro house freedom caucus gives a voice to countless americans who feel that washington does not represent t…
we need taxreform bc our broken tax code favors special interests over american families
in  sunsentinel with  senrenegarcia  asking about citizenship on the census will reduce participation and may make…
rt  houseforeign  at the wildlife conservation society s event celebrating world wildlife day   repedroyce talked about u s  efforts to end…
day 14 for 31 reasons4 tax reform→ we can repeal the death tax that is hurting ohio families  farmers & businesses 
rt  governorkayivey  i have issued a state of emergency following the severe weather that impacted parts of our state yesterday evening  yo…
our bipartisan proposal will make a sensible fix to the original 1994 law so that the same protections for victims…
rt  foxnewsinsider    darrellissa rips  jerrybrowngov    agbecerra   making my state less safe  and endangering others
 to improve prediction  the use of physics-based data assimilation and ensemble models is our future  the main prob…
rt  chescochamber  eye on congress2017 thank you to  repryancostello  repmeehan  repsmucker & r host rajant public service chamber of influe…
thank you  potus for offering a comprehensive plan to fix our nation s infrastructure  looking forward to working…
michigan has 500  radio stations supporting 1000s of jobs  that s why i support the local radio freedom act 
rt  houseappropsgop  want to know more about how our bill makes america more secure  --&gt 
rt  jecrepublicans   we all know america to be an economic powerhouse  we are blessed with vast and bountiful land  energy resources  and m…
i met with student leaders from  utaustin and  texastech to discuss higher education and  big12conference student p…
icymi → opinion in  morningconsult on h r  2077  the restoring the patient s voice act  which i introduced with…
tom mcclintock  time to take default off the table
appreciate  repandyharrismd stopping by to talk w/  ohiofarmbureau county presidents on immigration  visa issues …
today  nihdirector testified before  houseappropsgop labor  health and human services  education  & related agencie…
rt  grmedinachamber  wonderful lunch with insightfulwomen presented by  repjimrenacci  words of wisdom & motivation shared with colleague…
for too long we ve failed to provide our military with the resources they need to keep us safe  this morning s pass…
rt  vp  happy birthday   flotus  you re an incredible first lady for our nation and karen & i are blessed to call you our friend  have a gr…
tune in live for today s strategic forces subcommittee hearing titled   fiscal year 2019 budget request for nuclear…
happy mothers day to all the hardworking and wonderful moms out there  one day isn t enough to celebrate the sacrif…
west virginia is the epicenter of the opioid epidemic  the failure of these companies to take responsibility for th…
rep  posey s statement recognizing veterans day
space is a new frontier  and so are the laws governing it
more information on february s jobs report 
looking forward to seeing the houston  astros today at the  whitehouse  go astros
rt  steveknight25  this week is national police week  my 18 years on the lapd was an incredible honor  take a moment this week to thank an o…
here s an in-depth look at how the snap program helps the american dream more attainable  from my desk to yours --&gt 
tomorrow  town hall meetings in fairview  1pm  and cherokee  3pm  – details here ➡
rt  housecommerce  live now  sub oversight convenes hearing on  the drug enforcement administration s role in combating the opioid epidemic…
tax reform will help tennessee families by allowing you to keep more of your hard-earned pay and bringing good-payi…
rt  markamodeinv2  today  at a  houseappropsgop financial services hearing on the fy 2019 budget  i asked  mickmulvaneyomb about the  inter…
the  deptvetaffairs has released a new welcome kit to assist recently discharged servicemembers and veterans lookin…
our thoughts & prayers are with my friend  stevescalise & others injured this morning  thankful for the incredible service of  capitolpolice
members from across the country agree - america needs a farm bill  from farm policy to nutrition  to conservation a…
jones and onslow counties  tomorrow at 5 30pm  i m hosting a teletown hall event to hear from you  you can call dir…
absolutely wrong conclusion for all intelligence & reporting i ve seen  also against clear near-unanimous bipartisa…
great tour of  ocusoft this afternoon to discuss the benefits they are seeing from the tax cuts and jobs act  ocusoft…
 icymi   this week  higher education leaders sent letters in support of the  prosper  act to chairwoman  virginiafoxx…
passing the long-term  comprehensive  faa  reauthorization act of 2018 is essential to maintaining a safe and effici…
rt  heardonthehill   we   would like to honor the first responders and victims of the recent terror attacks   -  repjoebarton  cbg 
a cr is an extension of the horrible omnibus  which i thought we weren t going to do again  why not insist on 12 s…
it was an honor to visit with the  mcsoflorida k9 team in ocala  these dogs are incredibly intelligent  hard-workin…
  realdonaldtrump put forth an american first agenda to build a safer  stronger  and prouder country   sotu 
central florida authorities are asking for blood donors to help victims of the terror attack in orlando 
rt  repmarkmeadows  important story  when a lead fbi investigator  peter strzok  discusses his personal relationship with a fisa judge  the…
georgia saw it s crime rate drop 21% from 2005 to 2016  how did they do it  prisonreform
rt  repmimiwalters  bonuses and bigger paychecks aren t the only benefits of tax reform  rate payers across the nation are seeing lower uti…
 pwirish agreed 
rt  librarycongress  latest news  veterans history project reaches milestone  the library of congress veterans history project tod   
also on this day 1967  the first boeing 737 was rolled out for use  aviation
rt  wilxtv 
as a coach and educator  tom andreasen is part of the fabric of the  carsonsenators  i m pleased to see him honored 
please join me today to remember the many lives tragically lost during the holocaust  holocaust remembrance day never again
recognizing the southern piping company  via  youtube
enjoyed touring the new  selfhelpent subdivision in wasco today and meeting with families building their homes  we…
i m glad i got to see members of the alabama military officers association today  thanks for meeting with me 
rt  houseforeign  chairman  repedroyce welcomes president  emmanuelmacron to u s  capitol
very moving 
as a cpa and member of  waysandmeansgop committee  so glad to have  potus in ohio talking about tax cuts and our ef…
 raeberries77 we have a constitution and it says that congress  not the president  declares war  short of war  we…
schumer shutdown
while democrats shut down the govt to protect illegals this week   housegop voted to keep the government open  supp…
met with bill woolf  who was a leader in the fairfax county police department on battling human trafficking and who…
during motorcycle awareness month  the congressional motorcycle caucus is helping bring people together to discuss…
93 to 1  that was the vote to confirm james comey as the fbi director in 2013  thank you  randpaul 
enacting pro-growth tax policies will directly lead to more economic prosperity for every single american  while h …
headed down to a  houseappropsgop full committee markup of the fy 2019 energy  water  and agriculture appropriation…
on martin luther king  jr  day  we remember the leadership of this american hero  almost fifty years after his deat…
from greg m  ohlendorf of  firstcbt   the quarterly call report has increased to some 80 pages supported by almost…
i m grateful to members of the  indylegion who stopped by today to update me on va services and programs and discus…
randy was on the train and is not injured  his family is back in illinois  he asks for prayers for all involved  es…
rt  repcheri  i started nearly a year ago & am so proud of the bipartisan coalition we ve brought together to stop sexual harassment  gretc…
buying inexpensive food at the risk of endangering our children is never an option  that s why my colleagues and i…
this morning  sub health examined four public health bills  watch my questions from today s hearing 
rt  housevetaffairs  last week  chairman  drphilroe joined  americanlegion  along with  reptimwalz  petesessions  darrellissa  to celebrate…
governor abbott activates entire texas national guard in response to hurricane harvey devastation -
megan did everything right  she reported to the hospital for a rape kit- the rape kit remains untested  the sheriff…
rt  stevescalise  almost 5 000 helicopter pilots and crew members died in the vietnam war   markamodeinv2 s bill will create a memorial for…
argentina is now open to u s  pork  more markets for iowa s goods means economic security and growth for our econom…
at 2 pm est the committee will resume our hearing on the make america safe and prosperous act  watch live here 
rt  farmerbart  congratulations sem ffa chapter  awesome recognition banquet and a successful year  thanks also to congressman adrian smith…
happy anniversary to the best person i have ever known and the best thing to ever happen to me - 28 years ago today 
friday morning  i participated in a panel dialogue with local officials  community leaders  and  usdard assistant t…
the trump administration s updated conventional arms transfer policy is important for u s  foreign policy  i am wor…
rt  housegop  rt to wish the  usarmyreserve a very happy birthday  u s a r birthday110
time to make a decision    
this morning i stood up for ohio farmers as i brought concerns from my district to a  waysandmeansgop hearing on th…
it s important to recognize the incredible sacrifice these veterans made for our country  and last week s event was…
yesterday  i had a proud army mom moment as my son raymond became a company commander  he has worked hard for the h…
this week is national small business week  small businesses are the economic engines that create jobs and expand our…
 we have ended the war on american energy – and we have ended the war on clean coal  we are now an exporter of ene…
rt  houseagnews    repmarkwalker  what is humane about keeping people trapped in poverty  our goal should be how do we help people transiti…
verizon has announced that it will donate  400 million over the next five years to support stem programs after…
our open house in alpena today was a great success  thank you to all who were able to stop by 
the winners of this year s congressional law enforcement award for exceptional achievement deserve our recognition…
updates to our country s infrastructure are long overdue  this year s  faa  reauthorization ↴ ✔️restores us aviatio…
we may look a little alike 😳😳 we had a great time at the state tournament in rapid city last…
as i have said before  vladimir putin is a dangerous thug  we must continue to stand with our friends in the face of russian aggression   2 
the house just passed  reploudermilk bill to institute a more thoughtful approach to regulation and foster a more r…
we need to keep the american dream alive for dreamers  i march to tell my colleagues  let s get to work 
thanks to meredith for the kind intro & for all her hard work at black mountain savings bank  thanks as well to…
careful on the roads this morning    some dense fog on the drive down to beaufort  i ll be hosting coffee w/your co…
  robwittman   repwebster and  repgarretgraves have led the charge to modernize outdated fishing regulations throug…
in three rivers to see the progress on what will be the landmark taphouse and grille in downtown  will be a fantast…
the  doj  subverted congress by rerouting settlement money to activist groups  today  the house votes to stop these unconstitutional actions 
i d like to welcome the tens of thousands of law enforcement officers to dc who have come to participate in nationa…
rt  housegop  2018 is already off to a great start → 200 000 new jobs and increased wages for everyday americans all across this country …
at 1 00 pm the committee will meet to consider the further extension of continuing appropriations act  2018  watch…
this morning i ll be on  cbsnews  facethenation with  nancycordes to discuss mueller s indictments  the florida sho…
from helping families purchase their first home to providing credit for small businesses  small banks & credit unio…
it s time for the house intelligence committee to vote today to releasethe memo  i have read the memo  when public …
the congressional app challenge has begun 
icymi  last week i was able to question  stevenmnuchin1 on the growing federal debt  we can no longer ignore this i…
rt  wo_art  big day for woart  4 of 12 pieces in  rephuizenga congressional show are  westottawahs artists 2 of top 18 in the state at mich…
my statement on the passage of  housebudgetgop budget 
in ohio  action is being taken to end trafficking  i m wearing blue today in support of these efforts  wear blue day…
this deal gives our military more of the resources they need  something everyone should support  spending gaps and…
i m in washington to fight for colorado values like hard work  independence  and family  colorado day
  potus will address the american  farmbureau federation s annual convention at 4 p m  today  tune in here 
all i could think of was how happy those calves were going to be to get fresh sprouted barley…
 kuarkauffman look forward to talking with you when you re back from vacation 
as we rebuild our nation s military  i am glad missouri will play a leading role with continued production of the f…
congrats to  jake_dalton of spanish springs on being named to the 2016  usagym team  best of luck in rio   rgj  nv02 
during a state and foreign operations deliberations  there were important exchanges about foreign aid - shifting fr…
this year we had 51  tx32  students participate in the congressional art competition  i was delighted to congratulate…
heads up - severe weather is headed our way  make sure you have a plan to stay safe in the event of a tornado in yo…
thank you for stopping by  anne  the congressman enjoyed listening to your experience with the  cbyxppp and was hap…
the documentary traces the causes behind the unprecedented growth in the use of prescription opioids and the devast…
last day to vote on your  facebook favorite  in our congressional art competition 
today we lost a true man of god who inspired millions with his words of faith and wisdom  billy graham was an extra…
my statement on president trump s new american strategy for afghanistan
on this small business week  we salute all the job creators making our economy stong again  great news from today s…
  tgowdysc  the equals act implements necessary reforms to benefit federal employees and advance the quality of our…
rt  speakerryan  the day has finally come  this afternoon  the house will vote to cut taxes for hardworking americans and reform our outdat…
thanks  maria  these  crumbs  amount to real money for american families   realdonaldtrump s tax reform is putting…
important conversation at the  uschamber us-cuba business council roundtable with my colleauges rep …
while i appreciate mr  lausch s efforts  the inspector general for the doj has all of the relevant documents  why n…
on floor to speak about how  ymca  organizations helps people & communities learn grow thrive in more than 10 000 neighborhoods
today  my op-ed in the deseret news addresses school safety  i am listening  and  like you  i want meaningful solut…
congratulations to judge gorsuch  the 113th justice of the supreme court   scotus 
  meribethturpin ask joe wilson
it s a myth young people only communication through electronics   they crave face to face interaction  terrimcclements  pwc_llp g o p future
about to talk to  cvpayne on  foxbusiness about all the breaking news this week   varneyco
my latest on  secretarysonny s recent visit to north dakota and our farm bill priorities 
the house passed the weather research & forecasting innovation act  a bill i intro d to improve lead times for stor…
congressman griffith s weekly e-newsletter 9 25 17 topics  healthcare and foreign affairs
i may be a loyal fan of the dawgs  but we sure do need  georgiatech in  ga03   thank you for stopping by the office
discussed the manchester terror attack and the russia investigation on cnn yesterday 
for this young woman the pain & suffering is not over  the process of seeking justice is about to begin  repdesantis
rt  tgowdysc  while democrats may want every committee of congress to investigate the same fact patterns  it isn t a prudent use of resourc…
our goals for taxreform are to make the code  ✅affordable ✅simple ✅competitive ⬇️
costs for medicaid expansion under obamacare are unsustainable  medicaid is an essential program & will continue but not w/ enhanced funding
the president s budget request for fiscal year 2019 has been delivered 
praying for a speeding recovery for our wonderful  flotus   melaniatrump
rt  rolliesampson  thank you  reprichhudson for supporting service members  discussing milbenefits chapter61 s b poffset and meeting with…
was great to meet you all and learn about all the great things you do 
yesterday  i had the opportunity to meet with 14 ohio college presidents from  aicuohio  it was great discussing is…
delivering a fairer  flatter tax code through tax reform begins by lowering rates & doubling the std  deduction …
great to be back in presque isle county today to visit the  lampreycontrol biological station 
great to meet this year s indiana house and senate interns yesterday  what a talented group of young hoosiers 
rt  thesafetychick  if you or someone you know is being stalked take a moment to listen to this podcast could save a life 
rt  speakerryan  perpetrators of sex trafficking have used bad actor websites like backpage to expand their reach  pleased to see legislati…
 ldtc17  is breaking for lunch and will return at approx  1 45 pm with use of semantic web in national parliaments 
1/2 rep  lewis wants folks to know the following   i m fine compared to  tragically  the truck drivers  and thankfu…
the house is voting today on a  housecommerce bill that will help turn more brownfields into economic centers  or…
 docshanep great  and good luck 
rt  speakerryan  happy birthday to my good friend   stevescalise  glad to have you back in the people s house 
happening now  i am chairing a  gopoversight subcommittee on interior  environment and energy field hearing on the…
learn more at or text  tax reform  to 50589 to see what else the tax cuts and jobs act is doing…
this police week  i am especially grateful to capitol and alexandria police officers who ran toward danger at a bas…
 thejohnsonpost  politico apparently restating the law makes you a nativist  it s a simple statement of the law  al…
rt  normeisen  i am honored to serve as cocounsel representing a bipartisan group of clients including  repwalterjones &  tedlieu to end su…
great to see students from bishop neumann in wahoo  go cavs  wahoo  neumanncavs
rt  edworkforce  chairwoman virginia foxx  r-nc  commemorated the fourth of july by viewing original documents…
today i supported the students  teachers  and officers preventing  stop  school violence act  this bill directly ad…
at the  thewilsoncenter celebrating its new initiative  power and parity in women s leadership  it was a pleasure t…
rt  navalinstitute    usnavy reestablishes u s  2nd fleet to face russian threat  plan calls for 250 person command in norfolk -- usni news…
very proud of our  il16  students at rochelle hs   the week of us  is such an impressive and positive way to spread…
rt  ushousehistory  despite some unfinished work  the  new   and current  house chamber opened  otd  in 1857 
rt  ocj_ohioagnet  congressman bob gibbs is hosting  ohiofarmbureau county presidents for a farm forum  including speaker paul ryan  -ty  o… 
rt  fiudc  thank you   mariodb  roslehtinen  repdwstweets  repcurbelo  repteddeutch  loisfrankel  reprooney  reptedyoho  repmattgaetz  repg…
on this day in 1834  the very first u s  railroad tunnel was completed - east of johnstown  pa  cc   natlparkservice
a major issue throughout 2017 has been whether or not we should build a southern border wall  i want to know where…
got an update from elkhart manufacturer americana tire and wheel on the impact of steel and aluminum tariffs on loc…
last night  i voted to keep the government open & extend child health insurance for 6 years for 279 kids in baker c…
i want to say thank you to all those who participated in and attended my summit on human trafficking in columbia th…
watch  my remarks today mepolitics
i will not stand by when unelected judges ignore scientific consensus & threaten the idaho way of life  house to a…
drones & govt regs need a rethink  drones can be used in disaster recovery efforts  need smart regs to allow that 
the men and women of our law enforcement community risk their lives every single day to keep us safe  i know this f…
2nd place-  aurora  by my tran  maroa-forsyth high school
today s  isis  attack in paris is another reminder that we must remain vigilant in the war on terror  we stand with…
rt  westerncaucus  congratulations to andrew wheeler  the just-confirmed deputy administrator of  epa and  epascottpruitt s now-top deputy …
the hikewith mike step challenge is in minneapolis  this budding metropolis of 400 000 residents ranks as america s second most fit city 
on international womens day we celebrate pioneers  trailblazers  moms  daughters  sisters  wives  all of whom have s…
rt  housegop  for far too long  the deck was stacked against entrepreneurs & smallbiz owners -- that changes with the tax cutsand jobs act …
rt  hascrepublicans  chairman  mactxpress on low defense budget outline number  we can and should do more      fy18… 
sometimes it s nice to unplug & enjoy the outdoors  find your park
dams and fish can coexist  and after more than two decades in the courtroom  let s let scientists  not judges  mana…
charter schools make a world of difference in the lives of students  families  and their communities  join me in ce…
from start to finish  it can take federal agency management more than one year to dismiss a poor performing employe…
on law enforcement appreciation day  a message to the men and women who protect us  thank you 
joined with my michigan colleagues tonight to talk about the benefits of the new tax cut law  more jobs and bigger…
it is important to keep in mind that this does not necessarily affect the work of the special counsel related t…
thank you for stopping by 
tomorrow  members of our committee will be asking questions of acting  cfpb director mulvaney about the c f p b s sem…
enjoyed another great nebraska breakfast with  senatorfischer   sensasse   jefffortenberry   repdonbacon  and a roo…
i ll be on the neal larson show  kid 590  at 8 00 am mt to discuss guns  immigration  & other news of the day  tu…
awesome february jobs report   313 000 new jobs  economy is ripping  more people are working  & america is winning 
join me and  lizmacdonaldfox at 5 15 to talk about the f i s a memo and economy 
rt  secretaryzinke  excited to kickoff the big economic report for outdoor rec industry  7 4 million american jobs  billions in revenue   t… 
rt  beckyelder22  thank you katie  congmikesimpson for meeting with us about   shotatlife together we can make a difference  kids can make…
my colleagues and i urge ambassador lighthizer to maintain the investor-state dispute settlement  isds  in nafta  w…
happy my staff could attend the school bus driver appreciation day event in minnesota  congratulations to bill drig…
 the fy 2019 budget request also includes  105 million in quantum computing to address the emerging urgency of buil…
this top to bottom audit is the largest ever conducted and continues the process of applying accountability at all levels of government 
rt  thejusticedept   so if you re going to come to this country  come here legally  don t come here illegally  —attorney general sessions d…
yesterday  i had a great time with many friends at the waxhaw christmas parade  thank you to everyone who braved th…
america is ready for tax reform 
sunday commemorates the continental congress  adoption of the stars & stripes as the official us flag  happy flag day
congressman griffith participated in the announcement that  1 5 million had been awarded to the pocahontas exhibiti…
rt  repkinzinger  in honor of the house voting on  nwpaa  today  here s a  tbt  from june 2017 when  housecommerce reported this to the full…
rt  restoredelta  thanks to  repgarretgraves for coming on delta dispatches last week  he joins  jacqueshebert and  smaloz to talk about th…
hello perpetual war  serious problem in constitutional amendment to balance budget that house will vote on this wee…
1/2 my prayers are with our law enforcement involved in the shooting in hbrg this morning  especially the family of…
i look forward to learning what the french and british already know  the detailed basis for the attack  we should a…
excited to join the  stevegrubershow tomorrow morning at 6 45 to talk tax reform  we re ready to put this bill on…
as chairman of the house  transport coast guard and maritime subcommittee  i know the men and women serving in our…
didyouknow idaho has the only great seal designed by a woman  emma edwards green won a competition sponsored by th…
e&c announces details and bills for final full cmte markup on legislation to combat the opioidcrisis
to all the loving  dedicated moms out there- like mine- happy mothers day 
speaker ryan has humbly served with great honor  integrity  and distinction  see my statement below 
rt  coxtl  the 📖 from  cges_elementary made it to the dc office of  repjeffduncan to show our ❤️ for school libraries  nlld18  scaslnet ht…
congratulations to one of my previous teachers  lilly pimentel  on being honored w/ the kings county farm bureau pr…
i m joining  squawkcnbc in just a few minutes to talk about today s  housecommerce hearing with  facebook s mark zuckerberg 
great to be with you   wsu_cougar_pres 
rt  gopleader  vicious attacks against our men and women in law enforcement must end  this week  the house will vote to increase penalties…
what other spots in northern michigan do you think should be on this list 
in cause you missed it yesterday  golden plow farmer rancher tax reform farm bill biodiesel stop the h i t…
rt  americanewsroom  listen   billhemmer  repgoodlatte discuss the immigration reform proposal
though the exact date of birth is unknown  frederick douglass chose feb 14 as his birth date  douglass became a rev…
rt  timesgazette  with the company celebrating its 50th year in business  u s  bob gibbs visited minnich on tuesday morning as part of the…
headed to the house floor with my colleagues for a prayer and the pledge  then the speaker and minority leader will speak 
 srservicesinc - the honor was all mine  thank you for all that you do 
icymi - fy18 interior bill invests in  nj  highlands - land conservation to protect water supply for many across nj 
the tragic opioid epidemic touches every corner of our country  and  housecommerce continues to push for bipartisan…
rt  nra  many of us choose to own a gun for hunting  for sport  or for protection  and that s our right – protected by the plain language o…
rt  mariodb  yesterday  i hosted the annual congressional art competition reception for florida s 25th district  83 pieces of original art…
i m disappointed the rules committee didn t accept my commonsense amendment to protect your right to privacy  here…
it was a pleasure meeting with the students and teachers from asheville s temple baptist school yesterday as they v…
too often  students experiencing a mental health crisis fall through the cracks because teachers and administrators…
many friends of these north texas veterans never made it home from duty  let s make sure their sacrifice is never f…
the senseless violence in las vegas is gut-wrenchingly horrible and beyond unspeakable 
rt  secretaryzinke  wildfires are personal to me  we must manage dead and dying timber to prevent these deadly and devastating fires  here…
in memory of sacramento county sheriff s deputy danny oliver and placer county detective michael davis
godspeed  john glenn  a true american hero 
protecting american citizens is among my top priorities  but security does not have to come at the expense of ameri…
my washington & mays landing offices are open and ready to assist south jersey residents  i remain in dc for votes…
tune in live at 11am to watch the coast guard and maritime transportation subcommittee hold a hearing on the review…
i will vote for the continuing resolution  but let s not confuse this for success  funding the government of the g…
just in  chairman  repstevechabot submits statement to  housevetaffairs on behalf of america s veteran-owned small…
rt  cvpayne  making money with charles payne guests  dloesch  heytammybruce  fordoconnell  thedcvince  lizpeek  ashpratte  pnjaban  markmec…
rt  waysandmeansgop  tomorrow is tax day and the good news is this is the last year you will have to file using the old  broken code  check…
always good to see  appstate chancellor sheri everts 
rt  speakerryan  we are just 5 days away from tax day  when you submit your tax returns this year  you re saying goodbye to our old tax cod…
last week i toured the agri-business child development in batavia  i enjoyed meeting some of the kids and learning…
rt  paulhuangreport   confucius institutes don t have to be banned  but they have to be identified so students  parents  and administrators…
rt  cgmstech  thankful for mrs strong & hanson for their work with  roco_crosby
rt  njdotcom  lobiondo on leaving congress   at a certain point it s got to end 
this week i met with agriculture leaders in manistee county to discuss the many challenges they face  as we talk wi…
rt  foxnewsinsider  pa rep  mikekellypa  dems relying on  gruber effect  to win public opinion on shutdown
op-ed  california needs more water storage as the climate changes  yes  that means dams
ways and means passes walorski measure to strengthen irs it accountability –&gt 
rt  annaready  need a ☕️  come in to  kwiktrip and meet their clerk for the day  reptomemmer n a c s in store  nacsonline
no better way to honor military appreciation month & san antonio s 300 years of rich history than with the  npca s v…
rev  dr greene from the second baptist church of toms river asked me to address his congregation at their special s…
the  faa  reauthorization act of 2018 is a step forward in upholding the gold standard for our nation s…
rt  congressionalac  congressional app challenge announces partnership with  kidscodems  tech   code  kids can code h…
martha & i had a great time with members of the  huntsvillealcoc &  dmcchamber during their annual 3-day washington…
no american should see brown water coming out of their faucets while the federal government is building gardens & b…
rt  edworkforce  watch 📺 on the house floor  chairwoman  virginiafoxx talks about opioid solutions close to home
congratulations to my friend  bob dole  on receiving the congressional gold medal - the nation s highest civilian h…
make sure to tune into  970kfbx in the next 10 minutes to catch my interview with charlie o toole from this weekend…
i addressed the annual consultation of the religious liberty partnership  a group that works to improve religious f…
in recognition of the 50th anniversary of the vietnam war  i will be hosting a special commemoration event for sixt…
as an avid supporter of our community health centers in the 1st district  it was great to meet with you and discuss…
did you know that an appointment to a us service academy is the equivalent of a  400 000 scholarship  register for…
joined  flgovscott  state legislators and law enforcement to sign strong new fl anti-drug bill  fentanyl is poisoni…
hate groups & groups that promote violence & anarchy have no place in our society 
welcoming pocatello s newest addition to their business community  boise based allied business solutions
rt  repdonbacon  more good news following passage of taxreform   the total amount werner is putting back into its business  from raises to…
icymi 
yesterday  members of the bipartisan women s caucus further addressed & discussed the ways congress can work w/our…
peace ranch does great work there to help veterans struggling with ptsd- all at no cost to the vets   peaceranchtc
have you checked your inbox  look for my latest e-newsletter where i highlight my travels around  ga10  during the s…
icymi  i spoke with  greggjarrett on  foxbusiness to discuss the letter i sent with several colleagues calling for…
you can watch my full speech on the bipartisan 21st century irs act here 
today our nation s leaders are celebrating the national dayof prayer and you can view the event here 
rt  kimstrassel  1  why isn t the  mostly  unredacted grassley memo front page news  here s why  because it confirms the nunes memo and blo…
casework staff from our office receive thousands of constituent requests each year about  va  issues   repcurbelo is…
this is the last tax day before pennsylvanians will file under the new tax code implemented by the tax cuts and job…
thank you for all that you do in our community 
no child should be aborted simply because they are considered less than perfect  last night  i spoke out against a…
 human trafficking is a hidden crime…even if it is happening right in front of us   check out the  dhsbluecampaign…
congrats to qiuhong zhang  mandarin teacher at  tritonsnda  on being named  honored s march honoree  read more abou…
manufacturing and smallbiz optimism levels are among the highest in history  according to  shopfloornam and  nfib …
rt  austinscottga08  access to high speed internet service is much more than a quality of life issue  it s also an economic issue  the 201…
did you know that small businesses employ over 50% of new mexico workers  this small biz week  let s show our apprec…
the house passed three important bills this week to combat human trafficking 
it s also fitting that this historic action took place 70 years to the day that president truman recognized israel…
our local airports can pull from  500m provided to airport grants  our community will receive needed funds from  4…
joining  foxbusiness shortly with charles payne to discuss the house tax reform plan  please tune in 
teen raises money for ymca shelter  helps feed fellow students  nc06 
i ll be on  jimmymathisshow on  wbalradio at 11 30 to talk tax reform  listen live here 
we need to restore accountability within the va  our country s veterans deserve the absolute best care possible  we…
i have offices located in rogers  fort smith  and harrison  but i understand that many constituents aren t able - o…
thanks to kaitlyn  a  jmu journalism student writing for  curiomagazine  for stopping by my harrisonburg office on…
i extend my deepest thanks to col  bradley mcdonald for being a true partner and leader in our community  additiona…
in case you missed it  we need a balanced approach to border security and fixing our immigration system  the securi…
if we get the government out of the way  startups innovators  and entrepreneurs can thrive  that s why we passed th…
on floor to mark tax day2018 as the last time americans will file under the old system  starting tomorrow 2/3 of a…
it was great to meet with cheryl  a school nurse in pa06 who is also the pa director for the national association o…
rt  govtrack  committees 🆗 d h r  5141 by  roslehtinen yesterday  united states-israel security assistance authorization act of 2018
next week → the house will vote to reauthorize the  faa  and give  fema the tools and oversight needed to strengthen…
proud to see communities like key largo choose to build smarter and stronger  f l keys must continue to lead in inno…
despite claims to contrary  obamacare is failing as coverage contines to implode  aetna to obamacare  we re out 
thanks to the tax cutsand jobs act this will be the last year of the outdated tax code  tax day
it was an honor to host the celebration for the national eye institute s 50th anniversary  proud to work with my fr…
my family and i have had the privilege of seeing the work being done at f l keys  turtlehospital first-hand  how inc…
we must get the afterr appropriations act to  potus  desk asap to help rein in this reckless spending 
in recent weeks  our warfighters have been held hostage over short-term spending measures that inhibit daily operat…
i was on daybreak this morning to discuss the airstrikes in syria & the future of the affordable care act   abc27tv
helpful info for folks rebuilding after harvey -  fema mitigation specialists will be providing tips  information…
the tax cuts and jobs act overhauls america s tax code to deliver historic tax relief to everyday americans 
thank you to  repmartharoby for hosting visit to 187th fighter wing and maxwell-gunter afb in montgomery  alabama 
icymi  yesterday during a  financialcmte hearing on the state of the economy  i had the chance to talk about how ta…
icymi   repgoodlatte and  grassleypress comment on congress s failure to reform the deeply flawed and fraud-ridden…
great article by the  bctimes on my trip to the beaver valley nuclear power station  this power plant provides hund…
big thanks to security state bank in hammon for inviting me to  take your lawmaker to work week  
read  secelainechao s testimony before the committee here 
china and russia are modernizing their attack submarines and ramping up production  to meet today s threats  we mus…
rt  whitehouse  earlier this morning  president trump welcomed home three american returnees from north korea   they are really three incre…
the storm is expected to make landfall within the hour  be safe out there  sayfie
today  rev  billy graham lies in honor in the united states capitol rotunda  the last private citizen to lie in hon…
passed  today  potus signed into law the  fy18ndaa   ✔️ largest pay raise for troops in 8 years  ✔️ rebuilding our…
about the home in downtown grand ledge is one of the many amazing small businesses in  mi07  who drive our local eco…
proud to see my hero  colonel  repbradwenstrup  awarded with the army s distinguished soldier s medal at a ceremony…
watch the house homeland hearing titled  examining the president s fy 2019 budget request for the transportation…
icymi - my recent interview with  newsradiowjpf covered the ongoing gun debate  tax reform  and my travels around t…
if you are unable to attend and would like to contact our office  please visit
big news   edworkforce chairwoman  virginiafoxx and i just introduced the  prosper  act  read more …
rt  jecrepublicans  don t miss the joint economic committee s hearing on wednesday at 1pm   how the innovation economy leads to growth   ch…
happy birthday   repmgriffith 
idaho lost a great statesman and conservationist last night  kathy and i send our thoughts & prayers to former gov  cecil andrus  family 
  button0703 thanks for your question about taxes  visit for more info about the tax cuts a…
kyler interned in my dc office this semester with the congressional internship program for individuals with intelle…
news  5 yr extension of dependent care assistance program added to tax bill  will allow families to continue to benefit from child care fsas
rt  hascrepublicans  debate on the  rulesreps rule on  fy18ndaa  led by  repbyrne - tune in on  cspan -
very important the fcc is looking into this issue   nygovcuomo has been diverting these funds for years  new yorker…
some members of the alabama beverage association stopped by my office today to discuss their  balance calories init…
live  chairman  mactxpress talks foreign policy w/  foxnewssunday - what s next on the korean peninsula - where do…
after receiving letters from students   edinburg junior high  i decided to visit & hear from them what steps we can…
housing for the elderly is funded at  632m  vouchers for disabled citizens is funded at  390m  and housing assistan…
another sign that the tax cuts and jobs act continues to create positive growth   ups announced  12 billion in inve…
on this day 1987  the speed limit on us interstate highways was increased to 65mph in limited areas   photo shows cu…
the congressional art competition is back  if you a high school student in  ar3  and are interested in entering in th…
parents  when you first found out you were expecting  did you start dreaming of who your child would grow up to be 
rt  us_stratcom  congrats to  uscybercom  on its elevation to 10th  deptofdefense unified cocom  they join the 9 existing permanent commands…
  repsinema & i introduced  acdc  to give the american people & american companies more tools to defend themselves o…
rt  stevescalise  breaking → congress just voted to cut taxes across the board  come 2018  you ll see more money back in your pocket 
my district staff has mobile office hours in taylor & jefferson on thursday  may 10th  taylor county  10 00am-12 00…
rt  reptipton  tonight  i was proud to vote for legislation that will increase the penalties for websites that promote and facilitate sex t…
claim  those on snap who are required to work do work  fact  only 30% of able-bodied individuals are working   snap… 
both are big wins for utah 
have a blessed easter 
critically important for south jersey economy  without clean beaches & water  no visitors or tourism     appreciate…
joined former dea agent and constituent steve murphy  who inspired the netflex series narcos this morning on…
thank you  academicsplus for the tour of your new school in maumelle  enjoyed talking to 6th graders about their an…
rt  mc_endalz   rodneydavis  thank you for leading the way as a co-sponsors for the bipartisan b o l d alzheimers act  hr 4256   viewing alzh…
i attended the victoria partnership meeting this morning  where we discussed harvey recovery  victoria regional air…
wonderful news about congressman  stevescalise 
rt  vp  before this year is out  we re going to cut taxes across the board for working families  small businesses  and family farms  pence…
rt  netanyahu  i met with florida gov  rick scott  a senatorial delegation led by lindsey graham  and a congressional delegation led by joe…
the mark released today would put our navy on the path to make our way to a 355ship fleet  more on the seapower an…
rt  erinburnett   mad dog  is a  term of endearment  for dod nom genl mattis   we need a warrior in the dept of defense  says seal congress…
rt  bush41  today   repmccaul &  johncornyn  with the support of the entire texas delegation  applaud the house & senate passage of their r…
as a member of the house agriculture committee  i am extremely proud of the hard work our committee  led by fellow…
today → senator tim scott and i will be live on set with  cbsthismorning talking about our new book  unified  which…
looking forward to joining  shannonbream tonight on  foxnews in the 11 pm hour to discuss north korea & potus trip  tune in 
this epa leadership team listened to our community and acted to fix this blight and hold responsible parties liable…
🤥 🤥 🤥
the u s  house s tax cuts and jobs act is a good deal for southwest washington taxpayers  and i will support it  a fam…
the us govt was designed to engender temperance & withstand the headwinds of caprice  i m proud to lead this bipart…
the house just passed a spending bill for the remainder of fy18  i m proud to have led a group of bipartisan member…
may the fourth be with you
rt  markweinerdc    repjohnkatko wants federal commission to look at mass shootings  gun laws  ny24 
joined mayor  swbrindle & others at the westfield pal today to see its youth mentoring program firsthand  i took qu…
south dakota is rocking the march2the summit  both men s and women s teams are in the championship games  🏀
good news unemployment rate is below 4%   the tax cuts and jobs act is working  with so many people in the workfor…
rt  kvue  it s time to begin moving toward a merit-based immigration system  sotu 
happening now  discussing syria with  johnmuirwtaq  tune in here 
today  subcmte chairman  peterroskam announced a health hearing on may 8th to examine ways to improve the medicare…
who most need help putting food on the table  i thank  conawaytx11 for his good work on this bill  and i look forwa…
earlier this week  i had the opportunity to visit  mbciauthority to see and hear first-hand the investments being m…
we must maintain and improve the infrastructure that will set these men and women up for success from the field  on…
i m proud that next year every american will be able to see even greater benefits of the new and improved tax code …
help for florida s farmers and growers is on the way  thanks to  secretarysonny and  adamputnam for helping distrib…
hurricane matthew is a dangerous storm  prepare now to protect yourself  family and pets  matthew n c ready n c
during national police week we honor and express our appreciation for the men and women who dedicate their lives to…
this week we remember a man who fought with incredible strength and conviction for what he knew was right  martin l…
tune in  i m joining  haljaytweets and  brianestridge on  wbap247news this morning at 8 15am ct
a beautiful place with beautiful people  i pray for puerto rico during this horrific storm 
next week  the committee will host a hearing on  uscbo s budget and economic outlook on thursday  april 12  watch i…
rt  fbcoem  tornado watch for fort bend county until 9 00 p m  this means conditions exist which could cause tornadoes and you should be pr…
an idiotic immigration article in  the hill   cardona has penned at least 7 false statements & utilized most of the…
today i m touring fort drum w/army sec  dr  mark esper  earlier  i met w/ military spouses and discussed topics imp…
credit unions from  ia01  packed my office today  they are happy with the passage of the tax cuts and jobs act and d…
full house in emancipation hall to celebrate the  oss  and award a congressional gold medal  watch live at…
rt  housegop  talk about a happy meal… tax cutsand jobs act 
  mschlapp  acuconservative i have always said   if you vote for your district and vote with your conscience  you l…
as matriarch of the bush family  barbara led a life of public service dedicated to serving her country  my thoughts…
very important work being done to save lives and stop the flow of illegal drugs each and every day by the  uscg …
great to see so many families out cleaning up the publicland shooting range in utah co  changeyourrange…
community health centers are vitally important  especially in areas i represent across e/se ohio
griffith blasts senate for government shutdown
rt  govabbott  emergency preparation supplies are tax free april 28- 30  learn more about items that qualify 
yesterday  i had the pleasure of joining  nashvillecorps and  tvanews to view progress & receive updates on the…
zeke had an exciting time hearing from  potus in person today at the  housegop and  senategop retreat 
rt  sentedcruz  i am proud to join my colleagues  johncornyn and  replouiegohmert in introducing this bill to award don and deyon stephens…
next week  the committee will hold a hearing on  deptvetaffairs implementation of the veterans appeals improvement…
did you know that idaho has the longest main street in america  from last chance to valley view  main street in isl…
horrified by the recent chemical attack in syria  potus understands that the assad regime must be held accountable…
  potus   we want every american to know the dignity of a hard day s work  we want every child to be safe in their…
i was thinking during this morning s sd sunrise coffee how grateful i am for the people i get to meet because of th…
check out the quill project--  u v u s matthew holland worked with  uniofoxford1 prof  nicholas cole to offer a new pe…
the title x program has become a personal piggy bank for planned parenthood  the nation s largest abortion provider…
happy birthday   pa  
proud to support local small businesses on small business saturday and every day  thanks to john draude  owner of dr…
glad heritage agrees--supporting the status quo is no longer acceptable  the time for real reform is now  a i r ract
proud to introduce the mobile mammography promotion act  it will increase access to breast cancer screening in  mo03 
ohio farmers rely on the u s -korea trade agreement  ohioag
rt  ims  the speedway high school marching band kicks off the  uwci parade at  ims  🎶🙌  uwci100 
rt  jim_jordan  4  did the fbi validate and corroborate the dossier 
all good texans know well to rememberthe alamo  but do you know about the other four missions at the san antonio mi…
 1/2  obama wants to bring gitmo detainees to us/elsewhere despite  odnigov report nearly 1/3 of released detainees return to terrorism 
paul  age 11 from modesto  walked a letter into my office about the voting age and taxes  thank you paul for your l…
some bipartisanship in washington  dc today— the stop school violence act of 2018 passed through the house with ove…
rt  brentbozell  facebook brings in jon kyl to probe political bias  launches civil rights audit - -  washtimes
always wonderful to meet with constituents  catherine montague traveled to d c  to visit & see french president…
rt  whitehouse   tonight  i call upon all of us to set aside our differences  to seek out common ground  and to summon the unity we need to…
i spoke w/  ktbs news about how the budget bill that i supported will have a direct impact on our military families…
give me a break  israel is our partner and this is the right thing to do 
day 11 for 31 reasons4 tax reform→ taxpayers are spending more than 8 9 billion hours each year complying with the ir…
at penn state ohio state wrestling meet at psu with great nephew tyler we are
rt  bakersfieldnow    repdavidvaladao announces nearly  29 million in  hudgov funding for district 
i had the opportunity to speak on the house floor to honor former first lady barbara bush  to those who knew her  t…
looking forward to supporting chairman conaway as we discuss this year s farm bill  ag  al03 
happy national ag day to hoosier farmers  ag day  in09 
each year  i sponsor a district-wide high school art competition to recognize the immense talent of so many young p…
  enquirer   kroger uses trump tax cuts to expand tuition reimbursement to part-time workers  tax reform
barbara bush is the epitome of strength & class  please join giulia and me in praying for mrs  bush and the entire…
new mexico is in a fight for the future against texas at  ussupremecourt  ag balderas chose a friend with limited b…
on this day in nevada history  reno was officially founded in 1868 
rt  cabc_co  we are looking forward to our roundtable today with the congressional delegation in montreal on the margins of nafta negotiati…
 capteyepatch - our national motto   in god we trust  behind potus obama at his last sotu  god bless america 
make the most out of your summer vacation and find your park in  tx23   learn more about the eight incredible natural…
huge group in town representing the  iowarecs - thanks for stopping by 
h r  3144 by  cathymcmorris will save taxpayers  16 million and protect fish by preventing a potentially deadly env…
check out the impressive works of art submitted to the congressional art competition from high school students acro…
christmas came early this year as the house  senate  and now the president have all signed the tax cuts and jobs ac…
rt  mcb_quantico  a u s  marine candidate participates in the endurance course at the officer candidates school  marine corps base quantico…
we need to stay focused on the va s sole mission to serve our veterans  i m thankful for dr  jackson s service  & r…
you can watch my opening remarks last night in support of my successful amendment prohibiting or from unfair tolling
the caa reform act protects employees  holds members accountable for their actions  streamlines the adjudication pr…
rt  jefffortenberry  nebraska is privileged to have so many communities focused on supporting small businesses  the haymarket is just one s…
it was great to meet our 2017 congressional app challenge winner hayden nichols from blountstown high school  hayde…
 happy easter from the blum s  may we all rejoice today and everyday in the life giving resurrection of jesus --pic…
tax reform is helping businesses across  ga03   shred-x in griffin is just one example  you can learn more about tax…
rt  randpaul  it s a good thing we have republican control of congress or the democrats might bust the budget caps  fund planned parenthood…
rep  leonard lance toured the fairmount fire company in long valley this week  lance  a member of the congressional…
now  tune into  financialcmte hearing -  federalreserve chairman jerome powell testifying for the 1st time  will gi…
special thanks to charlie from novelty who finished his internship in our d c  office this past week  i wish you th…
a busy week of townhall meetings continues today  starting in butler  more info at  wi05 
it s an honor to be recognized by the family research coucil  i m pleased to partner w/  frcdc on issues important…
rt  speakerryan  good news→ business optimism is at a record high following tax reform  which means increased wages and job creation 
rt  financialcmte  house passes long-term reauthorization of flood insurance program ➡️
congratulations to the countryside high school students who won the congressional app competition  the app they dev…
lower tax rates gives main street a raise  by sending less money to washington more can go to growing local busines…
very proud of my good friend and fellow 2010 house class member mike pompeo for being nominated to serve as secreta…
our current immigration and border security issues have been inherited from past clinton  bush  and obama administr…
 as we rebuild america s strength and confidence at home  we are also restoring our strength and standing abroad   -  potus  sotu 
rt  housegop  let s get down to the facts on the tax cutsand jobs act ✅ 90% of americans will see bigger paychecks ✅ business confidence is a…
glad to talk about the great work congress has done to combat human trafficking at the  americanmothers convention…
california families can t afford the gas tax hike  especially while the state continues to waste money on projects…
rt  speakerryan  here s the deal  there is a better way to fix health care in america 
rt  repgoodlatte  proud that passage of h r 1865 is having an immediate impact on websites advertising prostitution  several shutting down…
1 samuel 26 23 the lord will repay each man for his righteousness and his faithfulness  for the lord delivered you…
as a direct result of the tax cuts and jobs act  more than 2 million american workers are receiving bonuses and pay…
rt  housecommerce  live now  sub energy and sub environment convene hearing on  fiscal year 2019 nuclear regulatory commission budget  &gt &gt  h…
america faces fiscal challenges  and it is time to address them in a meaningful way  we are committed to tackling our debt no budget no pay
join me in saying goodbye to this outdated tax code  tax day2018
engaging conversations happening with students in  ascensionparish  great questions on coastal restoration  net neu…
  potus continues his strong leadership on prison reform policy that would increase public safety  lower recidivism…
rt  houseappropsgop  the military constitution & veterans affairs subcommittee is holding a hearing on the  deptvetaffairs request to repro…
rt  markdtooley  honored to speak  wheatoncollege on persecuted mideast christians alongside  rephultgren  ptnassif  indefchristians w/kris…
cuban independent labor activist  ivanlibre was brutally punched  kicked  dragged    detained while trying to prote…
rt  pkdfoundation  advocacy never stops  see tips from  pkd  advocate liz c about getting to know elected officials ➡️
join me and  happeningnow on  foxnews at 11 10 to break down yesterday s  fisa702  vote in the house 
it was a joy to visit  thirdstreetec yesterday and read one of my favorite books to the students   house mouse  sen…
congratulations to the upson-lee knights on continuing their 63 game winning streak to take home the state champion…
it s great to have a  potus who listens to the federal delegation & locally elected officials & who has the courage to make necessary change
my first read of the day   no discounts for dreamers  via  washtimes
tune in at 3 30pm to  newsradio570 where i ll be joining  petekaliner to talk about what s happening in congress an…
trump  did the right thing and he did it in good timing  which is important in these deals   said rep  duncan hunte…
 angrynidaho  craighdurham lol if you think that it wouldn t be much easier to get 50 votes than 60 votes 
it s time for bold  pro-growth taxreform that works for all americans 
big hearing tomorrow  make sure to tune in as  financialcmte members get answers to your questions regarding the…
wonderful afternoon in grand rapids at the centennial gathering for boy scout troop 215  president gerald r  ford a…
safety first  safety last  safety always  av technology has the potential to save thousands of lives every year  th…
rt  reppaultonko  i am deeply grateful to  repmiketurner for his support of  hr4005   medicaid reentry act  bill helps states provide med…
genna camiolo s story is so inspiring  i am proud to support the childhood cancer star act  thank you kristin cam…
on this day  107 years ago  former president ronald reagan was born 
rt  jecrepublicans  our chairman s oped extols the benefits of taxreform  check it out 
chag sameach 
thank you to the patriots who risked all for this nation  today we honor your service & sacrifice …
rt  ocregister  californians don t deserve a tax increase
more than 160 companies have come out and announced bonuses  wage increases  and reinvestment in the u s  economy—a…
comey said clearly and publicly that the president is not under investigation by the fbi 
we lost a long-time greeley resident this week  here are a few of my thoughts on randy bangert  in the newspaper he…
i want to express my sincere thanks to  jerrybadershow for his years of service to conservative ideas on the northe…
to be clear  this was essentially a  17m earmark and more misplaced protectionism   
what tax reform means for you and your family  more jobs  fairer taxes  and bigger paychecks  tax reform
  thenoahring ask buddy
this week  the department of treasury released new withholding tables following enactment of the tax cuts and jobs…
rt  dailycaller  congressman wants answers to usda s kitten killing
excited for the continued positive changes that tax reform has made for hoosiers fed ex  repjimbanks…
my statement on the omnibus 
rt  rvvoyles  asked about state of farm bill   rodneydavis says he s a lil less optimistic about its passage  blames dems for not wanting t…
 basisscott hi scott  thanks for the question  i actually led a group of 85 other house republicans asking for a fi…
yesterday i spoke with lee matthews on  newsradioktok  we talked about macron s address  north korea  and the forth…
i was honored to attend  kystateu spring 2018 commencement this morning  thank you for having me  dr  brown 
i understand not every democrat senator believes the schumer shutdown is wise policy or political strategy    time…
rt  hurdonthehill  college affordability for the next generation - a national security issue millennial task force g o p future  goppolicy htt…
2 samuel 14 24 however the king said   let him turn to his own house  and let him not see my face   so absalom turn…
rt  waysandmeansgop  statement  chairman  repkevinbrady on the february 2018 jobs report ⬇️
my team and i appreciated touring ellwood city forge to see firsthand how quality steel products are made  we also…
the taylor force act is on the verge of being signed into law by  potus  the legislation would stop american taxpay…
📺 stream live  hearing on bureau of indian education
not only do i endorse this tweet s message  i praise  potus for not using the misguided  an historic    magga  makin…
 iamstevent musicians deserve to be paid  passing musicmodernizationact makes that happen  …
this legislation takes important steps to prevent future boondoggles  restore accountability  and modernize the irs s outdated it systems 
just announced  march community office hours these office hours offer the opportunity for  ga12  constituents to re…
icymi  check out this story in the laker about my opioid summit 
meeting lisa rhodes was truly inspirational  her son was diagnosed with muscular dystrophy  thank you lisa for taki…
this week is small business week all across the united states  please be sure to support  tx01  small businesses by s…
i am grateful for the men and women in blue who have answered the call to serve and protect  remembering the fallen…
it was great to be there  thanks for having me   ca08 
rt  houseappropsgop  the fy18 omnibus makes the largest investment to date - approximately  4 billion - to fight opioid abuse  which  potus…
rt  benshapiro  what s in the giant omnibus package  i have no idea  neither do the members of congress  it s significantly longer than the…
as usual   sethcropsey has it exactly right  current shipbuilding plans are inadequate to the challenge ahead of us…
another step closer to passing pro-growth tax reform that will protect the american dream for hardworking families…
check out the article on the iron mountain va http //t co/kfelspfwox
it was great to visit with members of the american rental association from alabama today and discuss their industry…
mike rondini addresses his daughter megan rondini s rape and subsequent death  megan s story is heartbreaking but h…
i signed onto this letter to have the conscience protection act included in the fy18 spending bill  it s important l…
today  i supported a tax bill that i believe is the first step towards growing our economy and creating jobs  we mu…
rt  repseanduffy  about to join  ingrahamangle on  foxnews with  repchrisstewart to discuss the intel committee memo  release the memo
spoke w/ american physical society on programs that support minorities & women in physics they focused on the  brid…
announced some good news today about the music modernization act
i have sent a letter to  dhsgov urging the department to reverse course & allow jones act waiver to aid recovery ef…
millions of americans rely on this important program & millions more pay in w/ the expectation of future benefits 
in addition to addressing opioidabuse  i m glad to see the be best initiative by  flotus will help our next genera…
we need to restore power to sexual harassment victims on capitol hill  my bill  the victims  voice and transparency…
god bless the brave marines who endured the bloody battle of iwo jima  their hard-fought victory  73 years ago tod…
build it 
i m proud to report that included in this government funding bill is a 6-year reauthorization of the children s hea…
 wrda  - a critical moment for tahoe and the west  water for california  fire protection for tahoe
here s a tbt  the last time there was major tax reform  i was a page in the  ohiostatehouse  time for some changes…
rt  the_news_herald  world war ii veteran gets service medals from congressman dunn
tonight  president trump gave his first state of the union address  outlining the accomplishments of his first year…
rt  thetrcp  we re thrilled to see  natresources consider hr 2591 today  which would modernize the wildlife restoration act to improve stat…
 cvogtmann lol  it takes a lot of jigawatts for time travel 
want to know how much hard-earned money your family in the second district will save thanks to tax reform  the aver…
rt  housecommerce  e&c announces two full cmte markups on legislation aimed at combating the opioid crisis &gt &gt 
rt  arkcattlemen  thank you for your support and generous hospitality  congressman 
i voted  no  on the omnibus today  this bill does not serve the interests of  md-01   and it is irresponsible to rus…
thank you  neptuneoem for acting swiftly to prevent loss of life during condo fire in ocean grove  prayers for the injured & displaced 
rt  rsaconference  cybersecurity is national security -  secnielsen  dhsgov  rsac 
  housegop taxreform enables the american people to 
thanks to  realdonaldtrump  american energy is surging  after a little more than a year of  potus  leadership  we…
rt  stevescalise  on immigration  let s get back to merit & rule of law  i support  repgoodlatte &  repmccaul s bill because it actually…
congrats to  oronoschools men s hockey on their semi-final ot win to advance to the championship 
we look forward to mr  zuckerberg answering our questions & providing answers to the american people  helping all o…
rt  drphilroe  good news  according to the  usdol  tennessee s unemployment rate for all veterans has dropped 2% from last year  read more…
rt  manateeschools  congratulations to carrie ling  braden river es  and nelson lopez  palmetto hs  for receiving congressional teacher awa…
today at 10 am → deputy attorney general rosenstein testifies before  housejudiciary  watch live at…
rt  globalhealthorg  thank you   repadamsmith &  reptedyoho for your leadership on increased transparency & coordination on the proposed re…
proud to be back at my alma mater  sucollegeoflaw as 52 new americans in our community became citizens  including 1…
rt  judy_meiksin  naomi halas  rice u  texas  with  congculberson on first congressional visits day with mrs – prof  halas is seated in lyn…
thank you for stopping in for coffee 
last week  my office had the honor of listening and recording some of our district s veterans for the veterans hist…
i spoke with  kilmeade on  foxnewsradio this morning about my recent investigative trip to niger as well as the fig…
tax reform discussion today with the  ohiochamber and marietta area chamber of commerce & local small business owne…
sec  mattis ends with a stark warning to  hascrepublicans   congress must take action now    i ask that you not let…
rt  gonzaga_prez  thank you  repnewhouse for your work on addressing this critical issue  daca  immigration reform
for the full story follow this link →
skol  
75 000 children in my congressional district depend on chip for their healthcare  it s time for congress to stop pl…
this morning i spoke at  daytonregion s annual dc fly-in about opioid epidemic   wrightpattafb  & combatting russia…
rt  usembassyseoul  both  sencorygardner and rep   mactxpress met with  news_na  speaker chung to get their thoughts on foreign policy issu…
on our telephone town hall last night  i asked constituents what they thought about president trump s proposed infr…
rt  repmikejohnson  have you noticed more money in your paycheck  thanks to taxreform  more hard-working americans are keeping more of the…
we are one step closer to creating a fair & simple tax system that will boost economy & allow pennsylvanians to kee…
rt  whmi 
i agree with president  realdonaldtrump - the iran deal was  one of the worst and most one-sided transactions the u…
today and every day   hard to believe it s been 16 years  september11
 lafanatic2  indivisible_oc  repedroyce  repmimiwalters  darrellissa r u ln la  if so that explains y ure so political naive about oc voters
expanding access to affordable housing is also emphasized in this legislation  cdbg grants are funded at  3 3 bill…
this is an important and fair agreement for u s  airlines  airlines support jobs and economic activity in michigan…
congrats to karen & chef charlie abowd of cafe at adele s in carson for being finalists in the  nvra s running for restaurant of the year 
in the 26 years since quill  the virtual impossibility for states to collect sales taxes they are lawfully owed has…
congratulations jennifer havens  i look forward to working with you on health care issues impacting rural iowans  t…
chairman  repmarkwalker   despite wave after wave of reckless and dangerous obstructionism by democrats  house repu…
icymi  questioned the acting administrator of the  deahq today in a  housejudiciary hearing focusing on challenges…
tax reform ✅✅✅
as part of the ongoing effort to address the opioids crisis in southwest washington  please consider joining…
rt  siemensii  great insight from  reppaulmitchell on impact of reform on industry growth and workforcedevelopment  mi a18
due to the number of inquiries i need to let everyone know that natalie and i are on the train involved with the cr…
our budget process is broken  that s why i have introduced h r  5442  a fast-tracked executive rescission review  a…
join us on tuesday  april 24 at 7 00 p m  edt for our sixth interactive town hall meeting of 2018  listen live at…
there is no doubt we need more money to support infrastructure in the capital region but we can t keep spending mon…
rt  speakerryan  there is a better way to grow our economy  and it starts with getting government out of the way 
joining  kevinwallradio at 12 30 pm et  9 30 am pt  to discuss my hopes for the 115th congress  tune in 
rt  jeff15bennett  thanks for all the support  reppoliquin and for giving  maryasselin her first moxie   ovacinfo  livestrong  acscan …
playing politics with our troops    mcconnell slams reid for delaying consideration of ndaa
despite the horrific event that took place just 10mo ago  it was comforting to be back on that field with my teamma…
today is a great day for americans  soon  hardworking taxpayers and job creators will receive the biggest boost thi…
the historic u s -france alliance is as strong as ever 
in gate city last night  congressman griffith spoke at the scott county chamber of commerce annual dinner  he also…
 steve_rostron hispanic caucus and curbelo support open borders  not sure their position is within the mainstream o…
today during our  housejudiciary hearing  my friend  marshablackburn shared her personal experience w/ online censo…
rt  houseforeign   urgent reforms are needed to make u s  international food aid programs more efficient and effective to save more lives …
  upn_adam ask bill johnson
i had a great visit with students from john s  davidson fine arts magnet school to receive an update on their hydro…
tax reform works ➡️  bill mooneyhan  of mooneyhan s auto service in west columbia  announced he is adding a new bay…
join the  houseagnews listening session to hear from the communities affected by the 2018 farmbill
rt  speakerryan  last year  we passed historic tax reform into law  this year  we ve got to close the skills gap so america s workers can g…
a quick stop to meet with mitchell co  auditor  mr  lowell tesch in osage  both of us work hard to watch your tax d…
on this day  we remember the courage of the texas settlers who declared independence from mexico 182 years ago  we…
absolutely pathetic  putin & the russian & iranian regimes bear full responsibility for enabling assad & aiding i…
vietnam helicopter crewmembers account for nearly 10% of all vietnam casualties – i m proud to support these heroes…
the farm bill touches every segment of my district  i m honored to fight for our hardworking agriculture producers…
reminder   il16  deadline for the 2018 congressional art competition is tomorrow  this competition recognizes young…
it was great to join coach nick saban and the alabama crimson tide at the white house for their almost annual celeb…
i always enjoy getting to meet with  gafarmbureau young farmers  thanks for stopping by my d c  office this week to…
rt  budkennedy  texas   reprwilliams  rogerwilliamstx  his aide  zackwb and a great read on the congressional baseball shooting  nearing an…
rt  sldomurat  deputies lightitupblue for world autism awareness day   mecksheriff   autismspeaks  specnewsclt
we are working to spur economic growth and have added more accountability for unelected bureaucrats by making any m…
interview on cbs this morning - is essential air service wasting taxpayer money  via
dream report➔the u s  added 313k jobs in february  the most since october 2015 and the 89th straight month of gains…
 mckinley suggested that the federal grid watchdog was not adequately addressing the economic impact its action  or…
i will work closely with the bipartisan great lakes task force and other members of congress to ensure more funding…
i hope you can join me 
south jersey is home to thousands of military members  we depend on them and they must be able to depend on us  the…
today  i held a veterans resource fair at the greenville american legion that served as a one-stop-shop for veteran…
senator schumer may want a shutdown  but i ve decided not to participate  my focus remains on serving you  my const…
spending some time today remembering those we lost on september11  never forget
punxsutawney phil let us down  six more weeks of winter  not my groundhog
this week is teacher appreciation week  with two of the best high schools in the state of michigan located right he…
visited  noyeshospital in dansville this afternoon  thank you to ceo amy pollard and the team at noyes for a great…
unfortunately  the departure of sec  rex tillerson adds to the chaos & turmoil of this administration  tillerson is…
h r  3528  every prescription conveyed securely act  as amended  has passed the full cmte by voice vote
watch rep  toddrokita deliver his statement at the start of today s subcommittee hearing on  strengthening welfare…
hurricane harvey  how north texans can help
rt  housecommerce  hey folks  we re taking a quick break due to votes on the house floor  we ll be back shortly  zuckerberg hearing
rt  repdlamborn  joining w/  reptrentfranks &  repjbridenstine in urging fellow republicans to support a strong national sec  budget
 speakerryan just announced he will retire at end of his term in order to spend more time with his family  i will a…
passage of faa reauthorization was also a win for residents of the lowcountry as it included fema reforms focused o…
join me on  foxnews w/  mariabartiromo in a few minutes  we are talking about the economy & the  financialcmte hear…
 we know that weakness is the surest path to conflict  and unmatched power is the surest means of our defense  …
glad to see the  epa delaying implementation of  wotus  rule for 2 yrs while it looks for ways to reduce regulatory…
another williams county stop as i chatted with mayor kidston in pioneer  he gave me an update on economic developme…
prime time  divisional game  what more could you ask for   let s go   chiefs  chiefs kindgom
don t forget to vote for your favorite piece in our 2016 third district art competition 
remember  friday  february 16th is the last day to submit an intent to participate form for the 2018 congressional…
the cr & debt ceiling package created by the u s  senate ignores expectation that our gov plans for the future like we do here at home  3/4
today  i joined  reploucorrea in offering bipartisan support to secure robust funding for the  oc  intelligence asse…
if you sincerely believed that nuclear death was raining down upon you  only to find out you got your calendar mixe…
rt  housegop  more bonuses  more jobs for this country  more take-home pay → the tax cutsand jobs act continues to make more of a difference…
rt  reagandefense  live now   frosedc moderates  rndf  panel 5 on military health  streaming   dhadirector  jerrymo…
watch live 
on this day 50 years ago our nation lost a great leader  dr  martin luther king  jr  today we honor the life of dr …
appreciated the opportunity to have a conversation over lunch with many small business owners and regions bank offi…
rt  whitehouse  watch live as president trump delivers remarks at the american farm bureau federation s annual convention 
  potus  any bill must also streamline the permitting and approval process -- getting it down to no more than two y…
here is what i am doing to combat the threat of north korea 
it is smallbusinessweek  a week to celebrate the nearly 30 million small businesses across the country that serve…
excited about the unveiling of this historical marker at  ohiou_ch to commemorate an educator and a trailblazer  jo…
tune in to  cspanwj this morning  i m on now to talk about the 2018 farm bill with  cspanmcardle
rt  yhn  alabama rep  mo brooks   the purpose of the second amendment is to ensure that we have a republic  alpolitics by  jeremywbeaman h…
rt  herrerabeutler  let s leave the management of our salmon runs & hydropower energy to the scientists  not a judge  on the house floor ye…
happy national ag day  grateful for the farmers and producers in  mi07  who contribute so much to our local economy a…
rt  davita  thank you  repseanduffy for your support on advancing integrated care for dialysis patients by cosponsoring h r  4143  dialysi…
rt  houseagnews  house members from across the country praise 2018 farm bill  congressmangt  repbobgibbs  repabraham  rephartzler  reprickcr…
this small business week  owners and workers have something to rejoice about with the tax cutsand jobs act  now  small…
  theleegreenwood helps  randpaul  bradwenstrup mayor reinersman  sheriff korzenborn  a ton of neighbors  and me w…
during my 30 years as a prosecutor and criminal court judge  i had the privilege of working alongside some of ameri…
we need trade policies that put us on an even playing field
happy mothers day day to my wife  brenda  and all the wonderful mothers out there  your hard work  compassion  and…
happy 70th  israel  proud to join israelis in the united states and around the world celebrate israel70  honoring…
deeply saddened to hear of the passing of the great man of god billy graham  his teachings have been a light to the…
washington does not have an income problem  washington has a spending problem  w/  potus  historic  15bill…
rev  ernie mills and the durham rescue mission have been extending a helping hand to   
rt  foxnews    tgowdysc on unmasking of gen  flynn   that s not only a breach of protocol  that s a violation of the law   tucker
rt  reparrington  the farm bill impacts every part of our district  from cotton farms to cattle ranches  and community banks to co-ops  htt…
rt  housegop  thanks to the tax cutsand jobs act   wellsfargo and  fifththird are raising their minimum wages to  15  this means well-deserve…
house budget moves us long way in the right direction and closer to morning again in america  proud to vote yes 
repeal and replace
mccain is one of the toughest men i know  he s never been one to shy away from a fight and i don t expect him to do so this time 
our thoughts and prayers are with first lady deal   governordeal  and their entire family during this time 
spoke on the dennis prager show with dr  sebastian gorka about persecuted religious minorities and the possibility…
before today s hearing  read how  cncs  has failed its members and the vulnerable populations it serves on the issue…
icymi  here is my weekly newsletter - the hill report 
the good news keeps coming for smallbiz   franchising411 announces franchise owners have increased wages for its…
excited to welcome a fellow radio talk show host  and our vice president  mike pence  to minnesota today  mn02
  wsj   manufacturing industry has strongest jobs increase in three years 
rt  hascrepublicans  coming up chairman  mactxpress joins  mariabartiromo to talk national security - tune in at 10
i m live at  saishopkins with  rokhanna to discuss our failed foreign policy  particularly in afghanistan 
sad to say goodbye to a wonderful woman and role model  barbara bush  condolences to my friends  jebbush  jebbushjr…
while tom and i were saddened to hear of reverend billy graham s passing  we rejoice that he has gone to join the l…
icymi   detroitnews editorial -  merry christmas to taxpayers  
i met with the national humanities alliance to discuss funding for the arts and humanities  new york 19 has a large…
rt  repwesterman  release  westerman  bipartisan members of congress introduce bill for veterans exposed to agent orange
the  natlparkservice announced free entry on four days this year to all national parks  january 15  april 21  septe…
thank you to dr  merrick and dr  philip of the dupage medical group for coming out to washington to speak at our he…
the bi-partisan megan rondini act requires hospitals to have a safe – sexual assault forensic examiner –available 2…
rt  transport    rep_hunter s q&a during the first panel of today s coast guard hearing  housetransport
rt  txhistcomm  this texas independence day marks the 182nd anniversary of when texas revolutionaries  including sam houston and josé anton…
historic progress is being made on the korean peninsula  and  potus deserves the lion s share of the credit for cre…
last week i introduced h r  4429  the cormorant control act  to address cormorant depredation in mi01
this week  we honor america s fallen law enforcement officers who made the ultimate sacrifice  thank you to the bra…
teamed up w/  sendeanheller to intro a bill to spur economic development & promote conservation in pershing county 
rt  preservationact  great recap of last week s reception thanks  repmckinley  repbrianhiggins  reptenney  repden…
happening now  the first oversight hearing with  uscbo in the house budget committee  tune in via  cspan →…
  potus and the republican majorities in congress are taking steps to cut wasteful spending and restore our fiscal…
 leschwartzberg i voted against it 
on wednesday  joshua mason  a french language teacher at morgantown high school  will join us for french president…
today  on world autism day  we raise awareness to the hurdles of living with autism and the need for continued advoc…
rt  justinamash  you re going to hear and read the false  tired assertion that the war powers resolution  or act  allows the president to t…
first up h r  2623 lessening regulatory costs and establishing a federal regulatory budget act 
2 revealing moments came from fbi director s testimony at  housejudiciary -- 1 was from rep  marino via  wsjopinion
this once-in-a-lifetime opportunity will give these teachers and four of their students the chance to work directly…
honored to hear from french president  emmanuelmacron at today s joint meeting of congress  it is so important for…
this morning s field hearing in puerto rico is streaming here 
spoke at  usip encouraging an immediate armsembargo to prevent genocide and ethnic cleansing in south sudan
former president obama s disastrous nuclear deal with iran gave the islamic regime hundreds of millions of dollars…
rt  ivantaylortv  esta noche a las 11 en  univision23  despliegue de banderas nicas y consignas solidarias con multitudinaria marcha en m…
my first read of the day   wwii navajo code talker roy hawthorne sr  dies in arizona at 92  
mike rondini testifies  because megan s assault was called a  special inquiry   her case will never be recorded as…
rt  hcfcd  news alert  harris county flood control district to remove sediment from four channels that drain into federal reservoirs
today the house fulfilled our duty to provide our troops with the resources they need to keep americans safe  now t…
at 5 pm tonight the committee will meet on h r  2936 - resilient federal forests act of 2017 
pleasure to attend a groundbreaking at  southflmuseum in bradenton today and spend some quality time with inquisiti…
rt  phmschools   google  googleforedu online safety roadshow how to be internet awesome made a stop at  smsspartanpride today  along with  rep…
rt  horaciog  thank you  repgoodlatte &  repjerrynadler for introducing the comprehensive music modernization act that will fix the broken …
today we honor the life and legacy of the late reverend billy graham i am heading to the capitol rotunda now to pay…
on  dougwrightshow speaking about my bill to stop taxpayer obligations to perpetrators accused of sexual harassment…
great to be with atlantic live to discuss io t and the role of congress - we re live now   atlanticlive…
if the allegations against roy moore are true  he should immediately withdraw his name and no longer pursue public service in the senate 
rep   cathymcmorris and my bipartisan bill to protect columbia and snake river dams was approved in the u s  house…
today  wrote letter to sec  tillerson saying do not close anti-semitism office  shutting office = step backward for…
thankful to the veterans who have served our country and for the opportunity to focus on their casework today at o…
rt  lincolndbalart  incredible how the media gives importance to the castros  servant diaz canel  don t they remember dorticos was  preside…
the hot springs va is a very special place  the success stories there speak for themselves   secshulkin should visi…
date night at the st  malachy knights of columbus trivia night  fun time with brownsburg neighbors and parishioners 
rt  senatorreganpa  great time yesterday raising awareness & supporting the leukemia & lymphoma society  we r all in for ashlyn   reploubar…
 repubcollege
and in those conversations  they detailed steps that congress can take to help ensure the safety and wellbeing of o…
congress held a special ceremony today to honor mlk jr  s life  marking the 50th anniversary of his death  he belie…
yom ha atzmaut samaech  happy 70th independence day to the state of israel 
rt  abc7gmw   gmw  recap   repcomstock and former dea agents tackle america s opiod crisis  abc7autria
happy national cereal day to our friends at general mills  thank you for being such an asset to western new york  no…
this week  chairman  repmccaul presented  dhsbluecampaign executive director mick mckeown with the red line of the…
izzy is such an inspiration  she can count on me to continue to work on bills to help treat & cure childhood cancer 
icymi  chairman  mactxpress joined  cspan newsmakers to discuss the  fy19ndaa   ndaa  - watch below 
congrats  kevinharvick  rodneychilders4 🔥 🔥 on fire  2 in a row  nascar   fs1
barbara bush was an exceptional first lady who symbolized grace and character not only in the political arena  but…
congressman griffith discussed compounded medications with doctors and fda commissioner gottlieb at today s…
great meeting with mark foltz  owner of bugabug pest control in rosenberg on his dc visit today  we discussed the f…
you have big cleats to fill  frank  looking forward to seeing you develop into a pro-bowl lineman 
🔜 hearing at 10 00 a m  to examine challenges facing  dhsgov s consolidated headquarters project at st  elizabeths …
primaries are already underway  and there are only nine months until the general election  our investigation has co…
took alternative transportation to wv  praying for all those involved in the accident 
this month s terror threat snapshot via  househomeland --&gt 
rt  robertharding  blooms  bridges and broadband   repjohnkatko s plan to bolster america s infrastructure  ny24 
this is great news for hardworking families across arkansas and america  thanks to taxreform  we ll see lower util…
rt  repronestes  this week is national school choice week  a celebration of allowing students the opportunity to flourish  every student is…
house passes legislation to combat human trafficking
i participated in a  housecommerce roundtable today with families impacted by the opioid crisis 
there s a silver lining to tax day this year-- in addition to the tax cuts we passed late last year  this week  we…
on tuesday  april 3  senator tim scott and i will launch our new book  unified  how our unlikely friendship gives u…
if we get to the point where we no longer have an ability to claim the protection of our rights of conscience – & o…
rt  sbalist  it is true that love saves lives  while tens of thousands will march in remembrance of the millions aborted  may we all consid…
keep it up  brooke 
rt  usaidffp  on this day in 1912  the first cherryblossom trees were planted in washington  a gift of friendship to the u s  from japan …
did you know that the new tax code preserves the mortgage interest deduction to incentivize home ownership for midd…
remember obama  red line  for syrian chem weapons 3 yrs ago  read more about assad s latest horrible attack
this week s member spotlight   repjohnfaso discusses the mandatory spending challenge  watch now ⬇️…
in order to better support our veterans as they transition from uniformed service to civilian life  president trump…
meritmonday hr559
important development in nuclear security  the university of nebraska is collaborating with the los alamos national…
 natresources subcommittee hearing on wildfire prevention health of forests  safety of commuities  forest mgmt poliy
the term emergency is truly warranted w/ recent tragedy  but another emergency we continue to ignore is that of uns…
at 3am this morning continuing to work through the new american health care act  housecommerce  ahca 
 when we say opportunity is for you  they don t believe opportunity is for them  how do you break that cycle and ge…
honored to welcome  yoyo_ma and  kencenprez to corona today as part of the  kencen arts across america campaign  i e…
appreciated the opportunity to attend the 7th annual welcome home vietnam veterans day ceremony today in h ville wh…
 the assertion of that principle  at that time  was the word   fitly spoken  which has proved an  apple of gold  to…
chair  repcharliedent  this bill funds our veteran health care system to ensure that our promise to care for those…
the tax cuts and jobs act is a win for the 1st district of iowa   ia01 
curbing north korea s missile and nuclear program is paramount to national security    
my thoughts and prayers are with our neighbors in texas and everyone who has been affected by hurricane harvey 
fire progression map 
rt  usunrome  we were thrilled to host students & faculty from  abac_college last week for a discussion on how  usunrome works w/ the rome-…
following my visit to lima  peru this past weekend for the  summitamericas  it was a pleasure reuniting with the mi…
beginning monday  april 23   femaregion3 will join  vdem in amherst  campbell  craig  and pittsylvania counties…
how quickly  senatedems forget 
rt  militaryofficer  our new york m o a a storms team met with  reptomreed on the house speaker s balcony today  we appreciate the time to dis…
americans deserve to know whether the previous administration weaponized the department of justice for political pu…
rt  rephuizenga  the bills that the house  financialcmte has proposed discussing w the senate are wildly bi-partisan and a number are unani…
spoke in favor of a resolution to require sexual harassment training for members of congress & staff  the federal g…
had the opportunity to tour a house built by chippewa valley technical college students in river falls  amazing wor…
when it comes to pro-family  pro-growth tax reform  our goals were straightforward  we wanted more jobs  fairer tax…
  jrj3514 thanks for your question  ask buddy
took in the sights at the north haledon day & car show in passaic county 
rt  speakerryan  good news→ the house unanimously voted to provide much-needed tax relief for american manufacturers so they aren t penaliz…
this morning i commended nancy kohler & george brennan of the seaford  lionsclubs on organizing another successful…
rt  realdonaldtrump  democrats are smiling in d c  that the freedom caucus  with the help of club for growth and heritage  have saved plann…
rt  senatordole  not to name drop - but i was honored to be with  senatorburr &  senpatroberts to introduce director pompeo at his confirma…
welcome back to indiana  vp pence  america s economy under  realdonaldtrump and mike pence is strong and continues…
 gettysburgnmp law enforcement ranger john sherman has been honored as  officer of the year  throughout the nps  th…
my amazing wife marie & i would like to wish everyone a very happy valentines day as well as a blessed ash wednesda…
i ve heard j boehner tell  knife story  many times  once as my best man   my wedding  knife gets a little bigger &…
thankful to  repjeffries for partnering in this 
rt  reprobwoodall  rebuilding our outdated  over-capacity infrastructure is going to require the kind of major reforms that we have laid o…
rt  repstefanik  at yesterday s  hascrepublicans hearing  i asked our witnesses to share their strategies for combating the foreign influen…
great way to start the day—volunteering for our local salvation army  i m continually impressed by the services our…
 people are hurting because of obamacare  obamacare is in a free fall  so we must act  
thanks for having me  it was wonderful to catch up with some great friends 
rt  speakerryan  more good news→ 1 3 million more americans in the midwest will see 3% lower energy bills as a result of tax reform 
  facebook s announcement to open a data center in new albany is great news for  oh12  jobs 
over his lifetime  rev  graham met presidents and world leaders  but he never lost the common touch  to his family…
rt  housegop  taxpayers should be treated fairly  their disputes should be handled objectively  and their issues should be resolved quickly…
tonight i voted for bill to allow terminally-ill patients the option to receive drugs that have passed the fda s ba…
rt  cathymcmorris  pleased that chair  conawaytx11 led the  houseagnews to passage of a farm bill that keeps america s farmers and ranchers…
on ronald reagan s birthday  i like to reflect on one of my favorite quotes of his   freedom is never more than one…
rt  unitedwaymiami  a5  we re so grateful that  repcurbelo has our back  he s the sponsor of the  vita  permanence act and an awesome suppor…
today s indictment reiterates what  realdonaldtrump and i have been saying all along - while we have known for some…
president trump is showing the world the strength of the u s  and the importance of this to our allies in the region 
i encourage you to read what middle class americans said about the importance of an extra  40 in their paychecks du…
rt  kansaschamber  thank you  repkevinyoder for your support of  kansaschamber  our members and the 10 of thousands of kansans they employ …
rt  speakerryan  jacksonville  fl has a great team focused on hurricane irma recovery  we ll work together to ensure resources are in place…
it s time the tax code worked for businesses in our communities  not against them tax reform
rt  houseappropsgop  the homeland security subcommittee approves its fy18 appropriations bill on a voice vote 
last friday i was on  news9 talking about how we need to prevent mass shootings like we prevent terrorist attacks 
happy birthday  louisiana  in honor of the anniversary of louisiana joining the united states  check out these clas…
i am glad to see legislation pass the  housevetaffairs committee to restore benefits to blue water navy veterans  t…
as  houseappropsgop transportation chair  i m glad to see tiger funds are going to good use right here in fl  this…
rt  natresources  utility bills across the country are dropping  why  tax reform 💡 
have questions about the tax cuts & jobs act and what it means for michigan  send them here using hashtag ask tim o…
want to keep up on the latest legislative happenings in washington and news from across  va05   check out our weekly…
a job means so much more than a paycheck  the dignity of work is what gives us a purpose and empowers us to build a…
it is wrong for us to send our best young men and women into harm s way without the resources they need  asking the…
 this series of hearings was a good idea  it s brought out a lot of information  and i would encourage you to do it…
reminder  the congressional art competition deadline is april 17th  if you know an artistic high school student in…
  aggie_gr willing to battle any and all weather to meet with our great research constituents  
today  premera announced that  as a result of the tax cutsand jobs act  it is investing  200 million to improve healt…
last year  my bill preventing the use of social security numbers on documents sent by the federal government was si…
rt  nasa  live now  watch live as  potus trump and  vp pence participate in a signing ceremony for the space policy directive – 1 at the  w…
before heading back to washington  was glad to stop by  textron/ arcticcat_snow in st  cloud to learn how their bus…
rt  aarpms  state director   kimberlylcampb3 & state president gwen prater thanked u s  rep    greggharper for sponsoring raise family care…
rt  houseagnews  happy national ffa week  house ag f f a week i can we will f f a  conawaytx11
proud to lead a bipartisan letter to  jensstoltenberg expressing support for macedonia s admission to nato …
rt  housegop  there are countless ways that the tax cutsand jobs act will be better than our old and outdated tax code  here are our the top…
icymi  this weekend  i attended  summitamericas in peru  more on this from  craasch in  stltoday  summit peru
rt  hurdonthehill  our  natlparkservice currently faces a nationwide deferred park maintenance backlog of more than  11 billion  and  147 m…
rt  ccxsports  maple grove s boys basketball team is headed back to the state tournament  the crimson beat buffalo 66-52 in the section 8aa…
rt  nemaupdates   nemaupdates  gridwisedc & grid innovation caucus brief congress on cutting-edge electrical infrastructure invest for e…
rt  gopleader  finally  the defense funding we need ⬇️
the house just passed my bill to address misguided capital standards  with my common sense change  banks will hold…
i m thrilled to welcome our new hhs secretary and fellow hoosier  secazar  who s testifying before the ways and mea…
with nearly 80% of filers my district already claiming the standard deduction  my constituents will receive one the…
 icymi   i introduced a bill to provide accountability after the gold king mine spill left the health & livelihoods…
the senate is ground zero for the resistance movement  obama s secretary of state appointments received only five  …
it is with great pride that i congratulate  along with the rest of the alabama delegation   senshelby as he begins…
next year  we will see the individual health care mandate disappear  90 percent of americans will see greater take-…
americans and businesses alike are becoming more confident in the outlook of our economy following tax reform  with…
live at 10am   mickmulvaneyomb testifies before  reptomgraves & the financial services subcommittee on the fy19 bud…
according to the  nytimes  we haven t had this much success with our national unemployment rate since the 1960 s  j…
are you or someone you know on the job hunt  then please join us in two weeks at our spring jobs fair  there are ov…
it s tax day  with the  fairtax  april 15 would be just another spring day  abolish the i r s
this week is national teacher appreciation week  many members of my family are all proud teachers  i thank you for th…
  potus   north korea s reckless pursuit of nuclear missiles could very soon threaten our homeland    sotu 
robert hayes and i are ready for the eclipse  our offices will be open though  no one is going home early  😃
i m always proud to stand up for our alabama farmers and can t wait to see continued progress on the new farm bill 
check out the quill project--it is a new way to study the constitution  and  uvu is working with  uniofoxford on i…
so great to see all the hardworking folks at  iflymia  their smiles give me more energy than a shot of cuban coffe…
rt  doe_sc_nsb  congratulations to baton rouge magnet high school  baton rouge  la  for their 1st place finish at their regional science bo…
also the  hearing  you attended was nothing but partisan grandstanding  the text of the tax reform bill wasn t even…
congrats to all of the 8th district basketball teams who are headed to the final four  the neelyville girls  basket…
rt  lindsayaellis    justinonwenu  rice s student body president  talks about rice s  critical thinking in sexuality  course as a model tha…
rt  readyharris  hurricane preparedness week | what should be in your hurricane kit  hurricane prep hurricane stron…
rt  austinscottga08  the 2018 congressional art competition is here  visit my facebook page & like your favorite artwork  the picture with…
these numbers speak for themselves  this is what happens when you have a businessman in the white house  and republ…
rt  edworkforce  on teacher appreciation day and every day we are thankful for the millions of teachers across the country who inspire ameri…
the congressional art competition submission deadline is quickly approaching  the art competition is a great way fo…
fema extends hotel housing waiver for harvey survivors  new checkout date  oct  24 full update   
they also believe in giving back to our local community and josh phelps  president of winchester metals  began the…
meeting announcement  the committee will meet on wednesday  november 15th at 12 pm to consider h r  1 — the tax cuts and jobs act 
number of days since the house of representatives sent the senate all twelve appropriations bills funding the gover…
our country has a spending problem  we need to fix this for our children and grandchildren s sake 
 safe  fast  reliable  and modern infrastructure our economy needs and our people deserve    realdonaldtrump
in 1988  in my hometown of hot springs  a crisis pregnancy center was formed to assist young parents and protect in…
rt  reason  bill introduced to stop civil forfeiture funding of dea marijuana eradication program
i gave house leadership plenty of time to bring other commonsense bills to the floor through regular order  but now…
rt  rephartzler  happy tax day  tax reform will leave this tax season behind and make life easier come next year  learn more by texting  t…
rt  housecommerce  here are the goals behind reforming medicaid through per capita allotments 
critics said middle class wouldn t get a tax cut–they were wrong  they said businesses wouldn t pass on benefits to…
rt  housegop  137 economists agree → the tax cuts & jobs act means more jobs and bigger paychecks for you and your family  taxreform
happy 242nd birthday  u s  navy 
addressed  transportworker members during their annual conference on the importance of infrastructure investment an…
this week s enewsletter is out  get information on upcoming mobile offices  service academy information night  and…
i commend chairmen  tgowdysc   repgoodlatte  and  devinnunes for their pursuit of the truth and their determination…
merry christmas  have a wonderful day celebrating the birth of jesus  also  please join me in saying a special pray…
icymi  the opioid problem is devastating our state  we should not underestimate the effects on our communities …
 _beeeeebo y do u not see that christian r targeted for erradication while other faiths targeted for subjugation 
congratulations nd marine corps league on your charter  and thank you for your service to your country and comrades…
 on behalf of the boeing company  i would like to express our support and appreciation for the house science  space…
 granthamcsf  the_resa_nelson  sheffielduni i sure did  thank you  keep up the great work 
please join lola and me in praying for the victims  their families  the first responders  and medical professionals as we await more details
after three days of an unnecessary government shutdown  i m pleased to see the games have stopped  it s time to m…
chairman  petesessions supports bipartisan jobs bill to put americans back to work --&gt 
as this tax plan is implemented  working americans should ignore the spin  check their paychecks  and see that they…
my deepest condolences go out to the family of a great californian  george deukmejian  a proud armenian-american  g…
rt  housegop  good news → this is the last year you will ever have to file your taxes with our old  outdated  and broken tax code  who else…
on this tax day2018 the economy is already stronger with projected revised upward from 2 0% to 3 3% through q4 2018…
e j  mcmahon and the  empirecenter hit the nail on the head in their analysis of how damaging the senate democrats …
rt  unitedwaysca    repdavidvaladao thank you again for restoring vita funding for fy18  thank you for seeing how v i t aworks
  robert_aderholt  the bill provides a  3 1b direct appropriation to assist  us_fda in protecting and promoting public health 
rt  housegop    potus  atop the dome of this capitol stands the statue of freedom  she stands tall and dignified among the monuments to ou…
obviously  today is a sad day for me personally and for our conference  but  speakerryan s selfless leadership has…
rt  ttucr  happy birthday  repdianeblack  thank you for all of your hard work for our great state 
my friend rep  ruppersberger and i had a great time at the at the national council of county association executives…
always good to get back to daufuskie and particularly this past weekend for the grand opening of the frances jones…
rt  housegop  there are countless ways that the tax cutsand jobs act will be better than our old and outdated tax code  here are our top 5   …
it s  take your children to work day   looking forward to soon welcoming all of the junior members of our press cor…
releasing the three american prisoners was an important show of good faith by north korea to build trust ahead of t…
according to left-leaning tax policy center  91% of middle-income taxpayers will see a tax cut  every single democr…
 20 trillion in national debt is a dubious & dangerous milestone that was all too avoidable  my full statement here 
rt  pd_schools  fine arts friday  congressman adrian smith visited to recognize audrey j  for placing 4th in the congressional art competit…
join  mariabartiromo & me on  foxbusiness  morningsmaria in a few minutes 
today the house passed important bipartisan legislation to modernize the irs and put taxpayers first  click here to…
congratulations to mike pompeo on being confirmed our 70th secretary of state  secretary pompeo is the leader we ne…
we are always grateful for the men and women in blue who have sworn to protect and serve our communities  this week…
i ll be celebrating national small business week by visiting small businesses across the third district  be sure to f…
minnesota is the world s 1 health tech cluster in the world thanks to companies like  medtronic who are behind som…
rt  repleezeldin  new special counsel necessary re fisa abuses & misconduct related to how/why clinton probe ended & trump-russia probe beg…
otd in 1916  jeanette rankin was elected the first woman elected to congress 
many thanks to the  pagrangepr  including vince phillips of mechanicsburg  who came to dc to discuss the farm bill…
a recent  cdcgov report shows that the opioid epidemic has not slowed down  my bipartisan sofa act will help stop t…
at 12 30  replizcheney is managing the combined rule for h r  1917  blocking regulatory interference from closing k…
   nrlc pro life members ask at every meeting i attend  why we can t get a vote on hr490  the heartbeat bill  natio…
fbi briefing re  parkland raised more questions than it answered  we should have more answers 20 days after the sho…
as deanofthe house i want to echo  speakerryan s congratulations to  repmarcykaptur for her years of dedicated serv…
anyway  we do have culture  it s called the houston livestock show & rodeo-the worlds largest  for 15 nights a yr …
don t miss out  sign up today to receive my enewsletter ---&gt 
one case of sexual harassment is one case too many  we need to get these reforms right and ensure we are paving a p…
my co-chair  repmcgovern and i have been working to help these iranian minorities who are fleeing an oppressive reg…
rt  natresources  happening now  oversight hearing on the next century of our national parks
this morning in our  hascrepublicans hearing  i discussed the way russia incited fear on the campus of  mizzou in 2…
rt  foodbankwma  anti-hunger policy conference in washington d c   congressman glenn thompson   congressmangt   giving talk on preserving s…
icymi  i recently returned from a north country business delegation to ottawa  ontario where we discussed the share…
the funding bill we passed today contains many wins for  mi06   full funding for the glri  funding to continue addre…
release  chairman  lamarsmithtx21 s remarks on administrator pruitt s scientific transparency announcement…
as i ve said before regarding the mueller investigation into president trump  i believe that we ought to let the pr…
our strength is our people  not our government  the entrepreneurial spirit and drive of hardworking men and women…
rt  waysandmeansgop  new letter to treasury  increasing the tax burden on family businesses won t grow the economy  there is a better way h…
tune in to  meet in the middle   101 5 kgbc fm / 1540am  this morning at 8am  i ll be discussing hurricane harvey relief and recovery 
great comment by  justinonwenu we must work together to change the culture that allows sexual assault to occur  or…
 robwittman and i remembered virginia tech president emeritus charles steger on the house floor this evening 
the hearing has started  watch live here --&gt 
lance  a member of the house ethics committee  was the first n j  member to support the comprehensive rewrite of th…
individual states like maine  each with their own unique communities  know best how to administer their welfare pro…
today  the subcommittee on workforce protections examined the polices and direction of  msha_dol  read the recap ↓
in 2018  here are some of the words most commonly associated with the old tax code  ❌ old ❌ outdated ❌ burdensome…
in light of a commitment by doj to open 75 new immigration courtrooms   reppeteking & i sent a letter to director o…
on friday we visited  goresmeats in stephens city to tour their longtime retail shop and family butcher business an…
interested in applying to a service academy  my office is now accepting applications  learn more below 
mike pompeo is the right person for secretary of state  excellent choice by the president 
until now  federal resources were spent rebuilding the same structures in the same disaster-prone places  my polici…
congratulations to boonton twp on their 150th anniversary and to the west point band for their fantastic performanc…
this morning  i spoke with news leaders in tyler  thank you for allowing me the opportunity to speak w/ you 
i m saddened to hear the news of barbara bush s passing  the former first lady served our country with grace and st…
 icymi    bill delivers tax relief for new mexico  via  thenewmexican —&gt 
my response to  potus   sotu  address -
it s only january 3rd & the tax cut and jobs act is already helping hardworking americans  regions joins a host of oth…
 speakerryan didn t seek the position  but he answered the call and provided steadfast leadership to the house of r…
what true democracy looks like
the common sense nutrition disclosure act is what it says—a much needed policy update that provides consumers with…
kudos to  theacademyolp & the woodland school of  warrenschoolsnj for being designated blue ribbon schools 
an early morning at the hancock county farm bureau policy development breakfast  i spoke about  wotus … 
hope to see you at the camden office open house on monday  march 26th from 4-5 30 pm 
the  housecommerce hearing is about to begin  we look forward to mr  zuckerberg providing answers to the american p…
congratulations  umichbball on a tremendous season  it was fun to watch you come together as a team and go all the…
reflects the needs of this industry  the agriculture and nutrition act passed today by  houseagnews sets forth the…
congressman griffith s e-newsletter 12 21 17  christmas stories
rt  rachaelmbade  just in   repstefanik & freedom caucus rules guru  repmgriffith will nominate  stevescalise for whip i m told
senator cochran announced his retirement this afternoon  read my statement below 
i wrote a letter w  repteddeutch to secs  tillerson & mattis warning against a permanent iranian presence in syria
companies like  att know that less regulations are better for business and better for consumers  we are committed t…
our current water infrastructure system was designed in the 1950s to serve 20 million people but now serves around…
presented today with a bill that provides tax cuts for the vast majority of working families in my district and whi…
rt  houseagnews  our u s  agriculture industry is as wide and diverse as its people and plays a vital role in ensuring our nation continues…
2018 farm bill ag  al03 
in my role on  houseappropsgop energy & water subcommittee i will question  secretaryperry as he testifies on the…
i met with ems responders from upstate new york who were on capitol hill to advocate for their legislative prioriti…
if we gained anything that day  it was a stronger sense of community  families and communities wrapped one another…
israel is our greatest ally in the middle east  i commend president trump for officially recognizing jerusalem as…
you can read my opening statement from today s hearing here  healthcare medicare
today i asked facebook s mark zuckerberg several questions about what standards facebook uses to censor user conten…
rt  househomeland  this national police week  we honor those who have lost their lives in the line of duty  thank you to all of the brave me…
today is world hemophilia day  learn more about this disorder via the kentucky hemophilia foundation   whd2018 
day two of the talk small yall small business tour is underway with a roundtable discussion with community bankers f…
pres  trump made a wise decision to reimpose sanctions on iran  iran deal was not deterrent to nuclear weapon  it w…
rt  nacwa   repbobgibbs speaks on value of protecting great lakes at  wateralliance water future briefing cleanwaterinvestment
i just read the  houseintelcomm memo  this report needs to be released  americans deserve truth and transparency  t…
rt  congressdotgov  recently presented to the president -  hr4511  by  repchrissmith
i ll be on the neal larson show  kid 590  at 9 05 am mt to talk taxreform & news of the day  tune in here  idaho
congratulations to the us women s hockey team on your gold medal win  you make us proud  usawomenshockey olym
rt  stevescalise  proud to see my hero  colonel  repbradwenstrup  awarded with the army s distinguished soldier s medal at a ceremony today…
that s not to mention the expanded opportunity they ll enjoy as the economy flourishes  too 
rt  foxnews    jim_jordan   before we got these text messages we all suspected the fix was in on the clinton investigation  now that we ve…
rt  waysandmeansgop  tax cuts are helping american families in all 50 states from sea 🌊 to shining sea🌊  how  ⬇️
economic growth requires strong infrastructure along our waterways  h r  5688 - the bill  repcheri & i introduced w…
allowing our businesses to invest in their workforce is a crucial part of the tax cut benefit 
the irs website malfunction this tax day was a perfect example of the frustration americans have with the agency  t…
what a game  geaux tigers   lsu 
a fema disaster recovery center is now open in beaumont  7am-7pm  located at 3871 stagg drive  via  bmtenterprise
sorry  mmschocolate  i ve been slacking  i ll step it up for next year…
400  companies expanding employee benefits  4 000 000  americans receiving special bonuses  80 000 000 americans…
know before you travel   ca08 
i was honored to attend the upper delaware council 30th annual awards ceremony on sunday afternoon  thank you to ud…
and the irs still doesn t know whether the employer reported & paid the correct amount of payroll taxes w/o doing an audit
sounds like secretary mattis has been doing some reading in  txnatsecreview lately 
rt  tonettewalker  icymi   repgallagher and i wrote a column about how wisconsin is leading the way in trauma-informed care 
rt  cbnnews    repdianeblack pushes for added protection for pro-life healthcare workers
talking with nexstar -  potus s message reminds us to stay connected to the people we serve   sotu 
can anyone defend getting rid of 60% rule in the senate while also advocating for a 60% rule  in the house and sena…
rt  andreabitely    repannwagner did an amazing job with the  fosta  bill   miattygen schuette has added this as a tool in the fight against…
csx must take substantive steps to resolve this serious situation  and i m holding them to it 
established by president reagan  national day of prayer takes place each year on the first thursday of may  on this d…
rt  speakerryan  today s incident was a terrible tragedy  we are grateful for the first responders who rushed to the scene and we pray for…
in honor of international womens day  i want to celebrate my beautiful wife  dee dee  i m so blessed to have you in…
today  potus signed  hr1865  into law to provide law enforcement the resources they need to combat the online sex tr…
yesterday afternoon  i toured deseret cattle & timber in gulf county  deseret has been expanding in north florida o…
rt  houseappropsgop  starting soon  the committee is marking up the fy18 agriculture and energy and water funding bills  watch live 
don t forget my constituent services day this friday from 10 30am-3 00pm in courtroom c of the pasquotank county co…
felt this morning s earthquake all the way in roger mills county  currently monitoring any reports of damages throughout the 3rd district 
good morning  here is my weekly newsletter  utpol no on omnibus
independent investigations must be assured that they have the authority & public confidence to see their investigat…
 2/2  rather than focusing on the money our military and border security need  dropping a  1 3 trillion spending bi…
sub d c c p held a hearing today on protecting consumers from robocalls  caller id spoofing  and telemarketing scams &gt …
yesterday a member of my staff attended the cuyahoga falls state of the city led by  mayorwalters  it was great to…
i had the privilege to visit with veterans today at  cpvaloroutdoors and listen to their concerns
never forget that on september11th we saw the best of america respond to unspeakable terror 
rt  fiu  now through march 27   uber is offering 50% off uber pool or express pool trips to & from mmc  up to  10 per trip   use the code f…
today we remember and honor the survivors and the 11 million people  including 6 million jews  who were murdered du…
i was honored to welcome maj  gen  carrelli  brig  gen  schindler  and the  panationalguard to the us capitol today…
more than 50 000 taxpayers in my district who get the family credit will get to keep even more of their money thank…
rt  drewbordner  gull lake student senate addressing school safety with  repfredupton  kzoosheriff senatorobrien  glhsreflection  donjeastm…
here is the freshman class of the 114th congress taking their class photo on the steps of our nation s capitol 
great to see pontiac make the  choosytraveler list of  7 picture-perfect small cities & towns for your summer road…
cutting needless regulation has unleashed our economy   sotu 
today on the longest day let s recommit to supporting the 170k people suffering w/ alzheimer s in nj  the 5 5 mil ppl nationwide and  endalz 
today  i hosted almost 200 people at my 16th coffee w/ your congresswoman in s  glens falls  i appreciated hearing…
subcommittee chair  jimpressoffice   this was a preventable tragedy  it was a preventable tragedy because law enfor…
rt  speakerryan  this is one of the best economic environments in years  yet businesses are struggling to find qualified workers   potus s…
thank you for coming to nd and for preaching  newsongbismarck  
today  on the 50th anniversary of the assassination of martin luther king jr   we honor this courageous man and his…
are you an  ok2  veteran in the claremore area in need of assistance  stop by my claremore office on tues 3/13 to me…
from brick and mortar shops to industrial manufacturers   va05  is home to a wide variety of small businesses that f…
rt  mviser  democrats have managed to accede to republican demands  demoralize their energized base  give a disengaged president a win  and…
happy birthday to our nation s third president  thomas jefferson  one of our founding fathers who was the principal…
today s announcement about the brick va clinic project is simply unacceptable  while the va works out these contrac…
rt  facesofee  huge thanks to e&w chair  congmikesimpson for supporting energy efficiency appropriations in the fy18 omnibus  your support…
congratulations to tripp self of macon  the new u s  district judge for the u s  district court for the middle dist…
washington has a spending problem  if we don t act  this burden is going to fall on our children  →
rt  socalopinion  congress must take back its war-making powers
submissions for the 2018 congressional art competition are in  and we need your help picking this year s winner  →
tax reform is paying off in utah  these companies giving employee bonuses  larry miller companies  dominion energy …
on this day lincoln was born  & 100 years ago  the lincoln memorial s cornerstone was laid  learn about lincoln here 
rt  rephensarling  sounds like shutdown schumer is preparing to put our national defense and military community at risk – hope dems will ch…
tomorrow is tax day2018  here are some reasons i m celebrating the end of the old tax code—and welcoming then new o…
the telesur network is to venezuela what russia today is to russia  a propaganda outfit masquerading as a news orga…
today i voted for the championing healthy kids act  it s similar to program i helped start in fl - kidcare   chip 
rt  houseappropsgop  today  the committee released its fy18 labor  hhs  and education funding bill  read a summary 
don t miss mobile office hours this monday  my office will be available to help constituents with problems with med…
 eruss57 actually  i did vote against the omnibus  here is my statement on the vote
i m talking to  getaustinrhodes on newstalk wgac now  95 1 fm  am 580 and streaming live at tune in 
congratulations to christian bertoni  a junior at hallettsville high school for winning the 2017 congressional app…
new video  bruce westerman discusses vote against omnibus spending bill on  kvre929fm radio ar4 arpx arnews
just had a very good meeting with larry clark  vice president of brentwood cheerleaders & football inc  i thanked l…
45 years ago today  the  nasa apollo13 crew made it safely back home thanks to the amazing work of so many talente…
chairing  transport aviation subcom hearing 10am today on aviation safety examining recent close calls/emergencies…
march is national women s history month  today  we pause to celebrate the contributions of women in the commonwealt…
i joined  kfdmnews to talk about proposed steel & aluminum tariffs  what s going to be key here is implementation/p…
tune in to  ffweekend at 7 15am central  will be weighing in on the new texts between strzok & page …
rt  farmwater  thanks to  replamalfa   casenatorjim &  j_gallagherad3 for their help securing federal   for critical ca water storage as we…
rt  nationalgrange  you re very welcome mr  chairman  and again  thank you for your work on behalf of agriculture and rural americans and b…
great meeting w/ wendi and bill from  acscan in my freehold office  their commitment to cancer patients   families…
boeing is investing  54 million into communities  including reforestation efforts follow last year s tragic wildfir…
congratulations to my friend & former national security advisor  nsathompson45 on her senate confirmation as under…
this bill will facilitate better clinical data on non-opioid alternatives so doctors have more prescribing options…
tonight  i voted to reform the national flood insurance program  no longer can we allow this federal program to dra…
u n  ambassador  nikkihaley was strong today in her repudiation of syrian leader al-assad suspected deadly chemical…
i was glad to speak with lee matthews on  newsradioktok earlier this week  we talked about the events surrounding t…
another reason why the united states should leave the un – after using chemical weapons against its own citizens  s…
rt  mibigshow  i uploaded a new episode   fred upton  u s  congressman  r  st  joseph  repfredupton stop school violence act   on spreaker h…
huge  western p a s own  nextier bank is giving all of its employees  1 000 bonuses directly because of the  histor…
 otd  in 1944  the allied forces stormed the beaches of normandy  part of the largest seaborne invasion in history …
the first real signal trump was running was april of 2015 in south carolina  the russians would not have been any q…
my wife robin and i were onboard the train  but we are both safe  praying for everyone involved 
rt  sbalist  thank you president trump for following through on your promise to appoint pro life judges  as a judge on the 5th circuit cour…
potus  declared nationwide rural broadband expansion a priority       the order also comes after six months of lobb…
rt  annahasdirt  congressional leaders combat food waste  repdavidyoung  chelliepingree food foodwaste
my ky house colleagues  repandybarr   repguthrie   kycomer & i urge senate democrats to put our military & children…
today marks the 50th anniversary of the day president johnson signed the fair housing act into law  this important…
rt  housegop    cathymcmorris  we have nearly ten million women-owned businesses in america  nearly three million that are owned by women o…
this week  schools across the country are teaching their students about the importance of being healthy  eating goo…
glad the brown family could come visit my office before their capitol tour  its great to see young constituents alr…
this will be game-changing for all of the small businesses in  tx10   just last week  my staff met with mike hlozek…
the nebraska state historical society  which is the only statewide organization dedicated to sharing and preserving…
 nancypelosi   nancypelosi we want to draw your attention to this letter excerpt from the non-partisan cbo  republi…
the congressional art competition is quickly coming upon us  if you haven t already  head to my facebook page to vi…
the 4 pm meeting for consideration of h r  4478 - fisa amendments reauthorization act of 2017 has been postponed su…
2 of my favorite north dakotans   cj_wentz &  clintromesha at the coin toss  superbowl  we are proud of you both …
rt  ohiopoliticsnow    pattiberi is one of  speakerryan s picks for the committee on the fiscal 2018 national defense authorization act  ht…
rt  wmaldc   icymi    replouiegohmert analyzed & explained his mueller report on the  larryoconnor show click here to listen gohmert dossier…
the release of three american hostages from north korea is proof that our strong foreign policy is yielding real re…
we need taxreform bc our broken tax code is a drag on america s economy
rt  nationalautism  thank you co-sponsors of kevinand avontes law and  repchrissmith  jimpressoffice  maxinewaters for their leadership  htt…
i was not on board the amtrak train that collided with a vehicle in virginia this morning  i returned home to nevad…
rt  reptrey    rollsroyce  employer of over 4 000 hoosiers  announces a new employee benefits package funded by tax credits from the 2017 t…
april is autism awareness month  autism awareness month represents an excellent opportunity to promote autism awaren…
yesterday  i️ introduced hr 4267 to support entrepreneurs and the impact they have on our local economies in  oh15 … 
jay - deeply sorry to hear about marian s passing  please have your grandpa jack contact mike francis  my veterans…
rt  speakerryan  great news→ the house just passed an overwhelmingly bipartisan  comprehensive overhaul of the irs  this restoration of ove…
may is military appreciation month – a time for americans to reflect in gratitude on the service and sacrifice of th…
our nurses are on the front lines of providing care to our communities  without a healthy community  there is not a…
i had a great sit-down with members of the pickaway and ross co business communities  here are some of my takeaways 
it was a pleasure to speak with  officialrfdtv about the farm bill this week and how it maintains crop insurance  a…
the r e i n s act will help curb costly government overregulation so that we can get back to growing our economy & crea…
thanks for having me   ia01 
stopped by the abilene gives event at the community foundation of abilene to discuss how important it is for the co…
there s one day left to apply for an internship in my washington  d c   sioux falls  rapid city  or watertown offic…
i enjoyed meeting w/  usagsessions this morning  we discussed the federal prison system  including facilities in ky…
congressman pittenger invites the community to celebrate and encourage local high school artists by helping select…
we cannot continue to wait for the house to act to help d r e a mers  i joined my gop colleagues in signing a discharg…
just recorded interview with  nolabelsorg radio to air on  sxmpotus ch  124 this sat at 10a   sun at 2p  talked abo…
i was on  tcnt  this morn w/ holly harris of  usjusticeaction to discuss the bipartisan work i m doing on juvenile j…
i introduced a bipartisan resolution w/  repanthonybrown to celebrate the 100th anniversary of latvia  estonia  and…
today  i voted for an  8 billion aid package to assist those impacted by hurricane harvey 
i enjoyed speaking to the  hfmaorg winter meeting in indianapolis this morning about the latest with health care in…
i had a wonderful evening honoring our nation s heroes at the greater dallas military foundation s north texas mili…
during one of my talk radio town halls  i learned of a fargo veteran who is advocating for the heroes of the u s s …
more than 80% of americans support requiring work-capable adults to participate in a job or training program at lea…
thanks to  repmullin for joining me for this important question 
   to discuss an action plan for addressing the ethnic cleansing and genocide of the rohingya people  i have cospo…
7  buyout homes flooded beyond repair  i support homeowners  decisions to pursue a buyout and will work with my col…
thank you to  ncfarmbureau and all the great people of chatham county who joined us for our  crops to congress  eve…
today is international angelman day  my oldest son  teddy  has  angelman and he inspires me everyday  learn more at…
talking solutions to transportation issues across nova w/  repdavebrat and  timkaine  fredregchamber
  jd_grom - re  deemed repatriation    revenue increases used to pay for increased spending is big government  the…
congress is back in session and voting on a few bills out of the  financialcmte today  more information here 
in the 21st century  broadband access is critical  i m proud that my provisions & others i supported were included…
 3 of 10  celebrate idaho day  the great seal of idaho was designed in 1890 by emma edwards green  the only state…
rt  usarmy  today is military spouse appreciation day  this day started in 1984 when president ronald reagan recognized the importance of sp…
rt  nitalowey  joined  repmaloney   reppeteking  &  repjerrynadler to call on  usdol to reconsider its stance on link between chronic lymph…
rt  fairimmigration    reppittenger  r-n c   introduced h r  5663  the make sanctuary cities pay for the wall act  this legislation would d…
watch education & workforce committee chairwoman  virginiafoxx honor barbara bush and her work to remove the shame…
rt  ktvz  speaking on the house floor monday evening  rep  greg walden  r-ore   called for action to clean up nuclear waste that is sitting…
talking with minnesota law enforcement officers about the abby honold act  officers must have the tools necessary t…
help with groceries  happy mother s day to me    except i don t…
visited with  mo07  folks with the missouri emergency nurses association this afternoon  we discussed emergency heal…
rt  texastribune    conawaytx11 is hoping to pass a politically tricky farm bill  farmers in his district are counting on it 
rt  4freedominiran    reptomgarrett  we should make it clear who the majority of the victims of iranian horrific crimes against humanity w…
the opioidepidemic affects our community in many ways  a recent report details the startling cost in lost economic…
rt  usglc  so honored to be with  opicgov and  repedroyce this evening to celebrate 2x initiative to invest  1b in advancing women around t…
backtheblue the thin blue line act  h r  115  which amends the federal criminal code to make the murder or attempt…
we are now considering h r  5687  securing opioids and unused narcotics with deliberate  sound  disposal and packag…
followed up by a well-stated response from new mexico  gov_martinez who takes seriously her responsibility to uphol…
numbers 6 24 the lord bless you  and keep you  the lord make his face to shine upon you  and be gracious to you  th…
joined the  libnofcongress in reading  make way for ducks  to students from toth elementary school at the…
rt  reperikpaulsen  thank you to incentive services in edina for inviting me to learn more about their business and the benefits they ve se…
wishing our good friend & ally israel a happy 70th independence day  yom haatzmaut israel70
rt  mannahhorse    vernbuchanan is helping people fill sandbags
rt  repcloakroom  the rep  adrian smith  r-ne  { repadriansmith} amendment no  68 was adopted by voice
rt  housecommerce  sub health announces markup on legislation next week to combat the opioid crisis &gt &gt 
chairing the subcommittee on communications and technology hearing on  closing the digital divide  broadband infras…
great video about tax reform
rt  trinitywildcats  congratulations to our beloved  coach rags  for being inducted into the alabama sports hall of fame this evening   ahs…
i m deeply saddened to learn of the passing of my colleague congresswoman louise slaughter  she was a tireless advo…
 starbucks will use some of the savings from the new u s  corporate tax cuts to give domestic employees pay raises …
how does tax reform help you  ask me questions using ask rep ferguson or text  tax reform  to 50589
today s third district thursday photo is of the comer museum and arts center…
rt  tvg  kentucky congressman  repandybarr joins  cbredar and  calebtvg on set  keenelandracing and talks about initiatives that he is work…
benjamin franklin said   it s not what you earn  it s what you save   proud to join ridge high school students in…
the news out of florida is heartbreaking  i m praying for the innocent victims and their families  and grateful for the first responders 
i m headed back to iowa to meet with my bosses - the folks of iowa s third district  the house passed some of my le…
a stafford business shares how tax reform gave them the opportunity to invest in their employees  their business  a…
the vote that i cast this morning reflects my unwavering commitment to support the men and women of our armed force…
  potus delivered a strong report on what has been accomplished in his first year and reaffirmed we have every reas…
follow the  cnbc feed to learn more about companies across america already investing in their employees because of…
thank you vfw bert fuller post 9578  alpine for allowing me to stop by and talk shop  it was great  semper fi
with our economy booming  the time has never been better to develop our workforce   potus s order today is an impor…
i have also spent significant time and resources in africa working to strengthen communities that are filled with s…
my first read of the day   san diego votes to join trump administration s lawsuit against california s sanctuary ci…
the  improving access to remote behavioral health treatment act of 2018  discussion draft legislation has been repo…
during national police week  we are reminded of the daily service and sacrifice of those who protect our north texas…
rt  waysandmeansgop    repdianeblack   during my nearly seven years as a member of the house  republicans have been committed to modernizin…
rt  benalteneder  thanks  repgosar for visiting  azcorrections and az corrections industries where reducingrecidivism is the goal by devel…
 houseappropsgop back to work tonight  check in on what we ve done for  nj  so far in my weekly e-news 
rt  nssga  happening now  nssga member bill schmitz testifying before  housesmallbiz on the importance of federal infrastructure funding &…
rt  foxbusiness    replouiegohmert   it is tough for this president and this attorney general to get things done when you ve still got obam…
scenes from this morning s hearing on aviation safety 
glad to attend today s groundbreaking ceremony for the  google data center in bridgeport  it s great to see more hi…
lila  you are a godsend to the babies we can save and to all who will share in the joy they bring 
great to join  sbagov for the small business week awards  a special congratulations to the winners from the first d…
the bill passed by the house last week includes my amendment to recognize the hangar at smith field as the national…
thank you to vietnam veteran jim felker  oneniner66 for his service and the opportunity to record his story for the…
 workforcega thanks for the question  no need to register beforehand  we don t have a final list of companies yet b…
today  i spoke on the house floor in support of my bipartisan bill to repeal the  ipab   watch 
breaking  the house continues to rein in the least accountable agency in washington  the  cfpb  today  we passed sj…
i m wearing my orange ribbon today in support of multiple sclerosis awareness week  and for those living with ms in…
rt  1055werc  icymi jt talks with   usrepgarypalmer this morning on alabama s morning news
rt  riponsociety    repcharliedent   repmarkwalker &  repscottperry discuss areas of agreement within  housegop … and challenges ahead - ht…
gitmo is the best place to keep dangerous terrorists securely detained so they can t return to plotting attacks on americans   sotu 
the rpc millennial task force hearing is live now  g o p future link 
on this tax day  we celebrate the doubling of the child tax credit from  1 000 to  2 000 that puts more money into…
happy mother s day to all of the wonderful and dedicated mothers in texas and across the country  i wish you a very…
we passed the stop school violence act  which provides federal grant funding for evidence-based training to prevent…
today  a common sense solution to reckless regulation forced upon hard-working americans r e v i e wact  housejudiciary
congressman griffith s weekly e-newsletter 8 28 17
unrigging america s broken tax code through taxreform means american workers and families keep more of their money…
thankful  fema has decided to extend the transitional shelter assistance program for puerto rican families in flori…
thank you to all of the marylanders who attended my town hall in joppa last week  if you were unable to attend  you…
my friend  reppoliquin mistakenly believes the pats will win  sblii  &has foolishly wagered maine lobster rolls agai…
this past thursday i had a great time at the wabash valley right to life dinner 
had the pleasure of hosting our annual us service academy night last night  it s an honor to meet these future lead…
posey s bipartisan plan to help estuaries with critical needs heads to the president s desk
from advocacy groups to military leaders  last week was chock-full of meetings  i greatly appreciate the constructi…
 tbt  to joining  kellyannepolls at the washington examiner s  women who lead  event to discuss how women in washing…
thank you  usairforce  secafofficial for meeting with me last week to discuss the  122fighterwing in fort wayne  th…
i had the opportunity at  republicanstudy to thank special agent david bailey for his courageous actions   baseball…
i strongly support the iranians  peaceful calls for democracy  freedom  and human rights   read  my full statement 
rt  edworkforce  the fed government has played too large a role in education for far too long  -  repguthrie on h j res58
rt  theendosociety   tomcoleok04  disease is more expensive than a cure  rally med res
tune in now   nih budget hearing with  nihdirector 
rt  cspanradio  5pm et live  washington today  the latest on the continuingresolution  w/ lisamascaro  repandyharrismd  pkcapitol  tom_win…
i haven t read france s or britain s  constitution   but i ve read ours and no where in it is presidential authority to strike syria 
rt  healthylakes  thank you for standing up for our great lakes and the  glri   repgallagher  we will look to our congressional champions to…
the good news continues   aflac is investing  250 million  to strengthen its workforce  promote growth & enhance it…
rt  2abct1ad  the iron brigade was honored to host  judgejohncarter from texas  31st dist  and  reprwilliams from texas  25th dist  they re…
we need taxreform bc the current code is too complex and too costly
well if it s not auburn  i m glad it s georgia go dawgs u g a football friday
icymi  this morning  the committee held its annual members  day hearing  check out chairman  rep_stevewomack s full…
rt  cathymcmorris  here s what taxreform means in michigan from  reppaulmitchell   repwalberg   repfredupton   repmikebishop  &  repjackbe…
today  we honor special deputies george yeaman jr & john mines who will be added to the king county sheriff s offic…
thank you jim 
rt  moblum  agree   repsmucker  we must change grading a school based on the number of students who goto college   we must support & celebr…
rt  nimhdirector  discussed suicide prevention  integrated care & smi with mental health caucus today  thanks   repjohnkatko  gracenapolita…
rt  eucopresident  today 14 eu member states decided to expel russian diplomats as direct follow-up to  euco  discussion last week on salis…
70 million acre feet water stored on colorado river only 10 million stored on the sacramento cadrought drought
rt  spacecitychick    oceaneering hosted houston area suppliers for an open house today where  congculberson thanked the team for their wor…
looking forward to watching another  isubengals in the  nfl with the  seahawks well done skyler   n f l draft
rt  speakerryan  good news→ by a vote of 407 to 10  the house just passed the stop school violence act  which gives law enforcement  school…
last week i visited  jcbna in pooler to discuss how the tax cuts and jobs act is benefiting our local workers and b…
thanks i love getting up there  our mountains are truly a beautiful place- you re lucky to call them home   ca08 
rt  healthylakes  thanks for standing up for our great lakes and the  glri   repjackbergman  as you say  congress has the chance to restore…
i took to the floor with several of my colleagues to highlight house accomplishments and call on the senate to act 
it s never too late for justice 
had a productive meeting with this group  they are in town to advocate for research funding at…
one of the best ways to lift people up and provide more opportunity is to connect them with good-paying  family-sus…
chairman  repmccaul reacts to  potus  first state of the union  read excerpts from his release below ↓  sotu… 
tonight the house has once again voted to help ensure our troops our paid   chip  is renewed for 6 years  & harmful…
rt  houseagnews  good read   wsjopinion makes the case that the best way to keep the economy growing is through welfare reforms to improve…
as lsu and oschner work toward a partnership  it is my hope they will take this opportunity to put into writing ass…
privileged to speak in support of secure rural schools and pilt  issues of real importance to  az04   on top of th…
wishing everyone a happy easter sunday 
the memo prepared by the house permanent select committee on intelligence must be declassified and released to the…
my staff and i are proud to wear blue on law enforcement appreciation day  today and every day  we are thankful for…
happy veterans day to all the men and women who have served and continue to serve our nation  thank you for your se…
watch live  sub energy hearing on electric transmission infrastructure issues -&gt 
today marks the 76th anniversary of the doolittle raid  where my friend lt  col  dick cole & 79 other brave america…
rt  repmccaul  this is why i have introduced the securing americas future act with  repgoodlatte  read more here  ht…
rt  speakerryan  great news → jobless claims are at the lowest level since 1973  ↴
let me be clear  house members do not feel bound to resolve the differences in daca & immigration before the next f…
the shooting in parkland florida is beyond tragic  our prayers go out to the loved ones whose futures were taken so…
reminder - the deadline for 2018 congressional art competition submissions is monday  april 16 at 5pm  please clic…
thanks for having me 
i oppose lifting the ban against importing african elephant trophies  we should not encourage the hunting and sla…
arkansas lost a fine man today  whether it was fighting for his constituents or battling cancer  greg standridge le…
rt  novatechcouncil  the apprenticeship model is going to be disruptive in the tech sector and will transform the tech talent pipeline  req…
rt  tjonesreporter  just in  west baton rouge parish announces early dismissal times for students today   theadvocatebr
met in the capitol yesterday w/ ny-1 advocates of  parentprojectmd to help raise awareness and support for ongoing…
rt  beyondreasonr   repwebster told us on  newsradio1025 that he has read the f i s a memo and it should be released  says the dems and fbi ar…
rt  cspan    househomeland hearing on emergency alert system – live online here 
the  usarmyreserve celebrates its 110th year of proud service to our country today  happy birthday  u s a r birthday110
today is the 381st national guard birthday  thank you to the servicemembers that answered the call to serve our coun…
past time for 2nd special counsel re fisa abuse & how/why clinton probe ended & trump-russia probe began  rt if agre…
from my family to yours  happy thanksgiving  🦃🍂👪🇺🇸https //t co/rcynu506a4
getting ready to join  americanewsroom live at 9 05am  tune in 
rt  ecpatusacarol  thanks  repannwagner for moving this bill to protect children from being sold online 
zarif claims us violated jcpoa  no specifics  he claims iran abided by jcpoa  untrue  unlike zarif  here are detail…
on this day 1860  1st pony express riders left mo/ca  the cross-country trip took about 10 days  pic is original fly…
over 195 000 ohioans are receiving relief today thanks to the tax cutsand jobs act and that s just the start  busines…
watch  saturday  april 28  2018 is national prescription drug take back day  you can visit my website to find a col…
the  ndaa  that  hascrepublicans and  hascdemocrats recently passed out of committee helps increase the size of the…
rt  theaward   it s the kind of accolade that will carry with him for the rest of his life   mactxpress  kamrlocal4news earned it
wishing an amazing mom who has the biggest heart ever a happy mothers day  she loves and supports all of her childr…
rt  sydneywpde  preserving history through the veterans history project  today  reptomrice sat down with lt  clebe mcclary to make sure his…
rt  housegop  we know all of the anxieties and stresses associated with tax day  but we have good news → this is the last time you ll file…
thank you  usacehq lt col  bliss & dahle for working to mediate nj s back bay flooding  a complete study will make…
we fought for the 4th amendment today by voting to require search warrants to surveil american citizens  unfortunat…
rt  johncornyn  good  officials  all backlogged sex assault kits have been sent for testing
when i came to congress  there wasn t a single community health center in my district  now there are many  that s…
rt  repfredupton  economic progress  thanks to taxreform via  detnewsopinion
st  nickolas  constantine  & helen greek orthodox church in roseland hosted their 6th annual greek festival apprec…
in the last 5 days of 2017  i am counting down 5 ways our new tax code will help americans  today  at 5     1/2 
excellent news  i remain cautious at what promises the kim regime will make and stand by  but the return of these t…
thank you  driaballochlaw &  ndss for your leadership
the  realdonaldtrump administration is taking illegal immigration seriously  it s about damn time we had an adminis…
discussing cedar rapids flood wall and other projects in my district and mississippi river with army corps of engin…
enforcing our immigration laws and securing our southern border is paying off 
rt  readyharris  hurricane preparedness week  may 6-12  2018  is your time to prepare for a hurricane  hurricane pr…
 as we express our gratitude  we must never forget that the highest appreciation is not to utter words  but to live…
we were next door neighbors in rayburn - brilliant  hard working  great personality - we came in congress together…
 potus and his decision to keep gitmo open for the most dangerous terrorist detainees will make america safer 
thank you to matt and aunie for having me on your show this week   realtalk995 alabama…
we started our markup at 10 30am  it s now after 4 30pm  democrats have spent six hours focused on non-germane amendments     cont
the latest edition of  work week with congressman faso  has been sent to subscribers  read the latest edition here…
rt  georgepbush  my grandmother s entire life was focused on others  for my grandfather  she was his top adviser and confidante  for her…
rt  dailycaller  report  deficit will be much higher than initially projected for 2016
200 000 jobs were added to the economy and wage growth exceeded expectations in january  we must continue to advanc…
these hearings absolutely should happen 
met with  indivisibleneia activist cindy garlock  darwinrules on topics of education & the  right to try   good res…
230 years ago  our founding fathers signed & ratified the most important document in our nation s history  happy constitution day 
rt  eagles  a victory monday unlike any other  fly eagles fly
rt  chadpergram  hse gopers expected to post text of  1 2 trillion spending bill tonite  hse will likely pass the bill thurs  all but a han…
live stream of  goppolicy law enforcement task force hearing up at national police week
  baltimorepolice  police hold a unique position  have best platform to restore old concept  it takes a village  lt russell police week  bpd 
i ve introduced s h i e l d sact to close a gap in  deptofdefense s practice of reporting prescriptions  including regar…
grateful to  habitatindiana  sjchabitat for their efforts to fight poverty and give hoosiers  especially our younge…
rt  repmarcykaptur  we have 47 cosponsors for our bipartisan bill to make big banks work for main street  rt if you agree we should resto…
on this day in history  the father of the constitution was born in  va01   happy birthday  james madison 
if you need a briefing on our tax bill  feel free to call my office  this bill is a tax break for all  for example …
will be holding a town hall meeting tonight in roseville at 6pm info at
the information-enabled battlefield represents a new frontier for warfare in the 21st century  at today s…
the omnibus includes  5 million to implement conservation efforts through the delaware river basin conservation act…
federal employees should not have a different set of rules than americans that work in the private sector  read mor…
on the second day of the new congress  my bipartisan bill - to bring taiwan back into the  who - passed the house 
a 2017 paper looked at how the holdren-directed agency plans were coming along 
rt  pzf  just in  apple will give employees a bonus of  2500 in restricted stock units due to the new tax reform law - cnbc
today  we honor all those who lost their lives  and we remember how our nation came together in the face of tragedy 
rt  theswampseries  the wait is over     watch episode 2 of the swamp now  today s troublemakers ==&gt   reprodblum  reptomgarrett  repkenb…
i had a very productive discussion today with nags head mayor ben cahoon regarding beach renourishment and fema ass…
rt  repkevinbrady  passed  tax cuts and jobs act  long awaited relief for hardworking americans is on the way 
corpus christi international airport will be holding a tsa precheck enrollment event from 1/23 to 1/25 
the federal government should not be limiting consumer choices as hardworking americans strive to meet their retire…
thank you to our fine interns for your hard work  dedication  and service to the people of western  pa   i wish you…
it is imperative congress understands the severity of humantrafficking & sextrafficking in our communities  we mu…
my prayers are with  stevescalise  the staff  capitol police  and all those affected by this morning s incident 
walmart to pay employees in michigan  11 9m in bonuses  tcja 
great to visit with so many at the livingston parish chamber business and community expo   livingchamber…
spent this morning with the south carolina small business council  we discussed the benefits of taxreform and talk…
rt  potus  hello  repmarkmeadows and all of the students at robbinsville hs  pursue your dreams & never give up   usa🇺🇸 
griffith statement on attack at republican baseball practice
my thoughts and prayers are with the victims of this tragedy at fiu and their families as first responders work to…
wow  congratulations  graduates  looking forward to seeing continued growth at  troyunews - go trojans 
it s giving tuesday  as a reminder  you can drop off new and unwrapped toys for the toys-for-tots foundation at any…
chairwoman  virginiafoxx on  potus   sotu  address   president trump knows the value of hard work  he understands th…
the service & sacrifice of our troops is incredible  thank a soldier  sailor  airman or marine this armed forces day
the queenofthe hill rule is a way that everybody who has an opinion on this issue can bring it to the house floor a…
icymi  here s my 40 questions for mueller published on  lifezette today 
rt  yellowstonenps   otd  in 1903  president theodore roosevelt laid the cornerstone for the arch that welcomes people to yellowstone s nort…
✔ starbucks ✔ disney ✔ home depot announced this week they will give bonuses and employee pay increases because of…
 martyalen  cmarymac realize 48th cd voters know dana rohrbacher & by a wide margin continue re-elect him despite lib/left clammer
engaging dialogue continues in this clade x pandemic crisis response exercise as we discuss how to best help americ…
my prayers are w/ the amarnath yatra pilgrims who were victims of the jul 10 terrorist attack  religious freedom is the bedrock of liberty 
i am proud to have led a bipartisan effort recently to provide  eastersealsor with increased resources to continue…
it s been confirmed that a c-130 military cargo plane crashed outside of savannah  georgia  and two deaths have bee…
instead of paying the highest taxes of any first-world country  pass-through businesses will be in line with our other global competitors 
getting ready to join  teamcavuto on  foxnews to preview  realdonaldtrump s  sotu  and discuss how we can build on a…
proud of the bipartisan work that  repjimcooper    reptedbudd   repkathleenrice and i did to introduce the…
overall  the new korus is a victory for free trade  which levels the playing field and reinforces our bond with a c…
i ve introduced a bill to ensure marijuana-related businesses have access to the banks & can operate under state la…
it s small business saturday  shopping small can make a big difference in  ca21  so be sure to get out and shop smal…
appreciate the strong partnership we have had over many years  flight attendants are critical frontline for aviatio…
rt  kilmeade  hope hicks told congress her email was hacked -  repleezeldin reacts on  foxandfriends
passed → right to try gives patients with terminal illness the freedom to search for new solutions by accessing alte…
honored to speak at  awakeamerica  s capitol connection today  awakeamerica
 we make this so hard in congress  let s just do what we told the voters we would do  
rt  ducksunlimited   nawca2018  leaders in the house are  repthompson  repdonyoung  replowenthal  replamalfa  appreciate all you do for con…
i believe in individual liberty  free markets & limited government  working w/ trump admin & like-minded members  w…
terrorism is on the rise  we must allow our very capable law enforcement officers to do their job   varneyco
the 2018 farm bill invests in opportunities for work-capable  snap  recipients to find work or access skills and job…
yesterday  i spoke on the floor to honor the centennial of america s entry into wwi  watch 
congressman griffith s weekly e-newsletter 5 7 18 topic  working to keep schools safe
it was an honor to present pfc josiah  don  lower with the six medals he earned for his service during world war ii…
rt  therealnmma  boaters  anglers thank  robwittman for co-authoring the modern fish act to modernize outdated regulations 
great talking to  juliebanderas on  foxnews this morning  we discussed the  fbi  raid on trump s attorney  mueller i…
 hrintuitive once legislation in process of becoming law public needs to know how their rep votes to decide keep or replace next election
rt  nascar  checkered flag   kevinharvick dominates at the  monstermile and wins his fourth race of the season  📈 
icymi  rep  allen discusses trump  economy after state of the union address →
at yesterday s  housecommerce hearing on facebook  ceo mark zuckerberg told me that their audit of 3rd party appli…
rt  foxnews    repmccaul explains how investigators located the texas bomb suspect   this is one of the best law enforcement responses i ve…
rt  topekafire  we re at the ag hall from 1000 to 1 with  replynnjenkins come see us to to learn how to make a difference in your community…
calling all registered nurses in  ga12    vaaugusta will be holding a hiring event on wednesday  jan 17th from 3 30…
today  we celebrate the many faiths that make up our great nation religious freedom day
on april 6th from 10 30am-3pm  a number of my staffers will be hosting a constituent services day in courtroom c of…
if you missed last night s special order on tax reform  you may have missed the latest good news about the…
1  with lower tax rates at all income levels  americans in every community will be able to keep more of their hard-…
rt  sbalinda  the  orlandobaking small biz used their  sbagov 504 loan for a new warehouse  innovation center  training center  and an empl…
rt  repblainepress  my statement on senate passage of s  2155  the economic growth  regulatory relief and consumer protection act  ⬇️
rt  speakerryan  great news→ the house just passed an overwhelmingly bipartisan  comprehensive overhaul of the irs  this restoration of ove…
this was a textbook example in how the people s house is supposed to operate  i didn t get everything i wanted in t…
navigating the federal bureaucracy isn t easy – so we often intervene on constituents  behalf to find solutions or…
rt  housetermlimits  did you know only 27 of 435 members of congress are on the term limits caucus  how can this be  term limits drain the s…
thank you to all who watched  attended  helped  and played in the game  it was a night we will never forget 
thank you to the  indianaepilepsy for their important efforts to support groundbreaking research and provide life-c…
i m so sorry to hear of the passing of birmingham tv legend bill bolen  growing up in haleyville  he was a mainsta…
happy mother s day to my wonderful wife kelly and to all hoosier moms and grandmas who provide endless love and sup…
rt  cnsnews  manufacturing jobs up 31 000 in february  263 000 since trump took office  cnsnews
 cfpb  senwarren  repmaxinewaters if consumers really were getting caught in a  debt trap   the data would show con…
thanks to jim hartshorn and robb smith from the american legion in colorado for stopping by this week to discuss ve…
rt  farmweeknow  on  rfd today  we ll talk with  delossjahnke at the  comclassic  with  ilsoybean association about the farm bill  with  re…
at 2 pm   reptomgraves and the financial services subcommittee hold their second budget hearing of the day …
in a fitting tribute to america s pastor  reverend billy graham lies in honor in the rotunda at the united states c…
honoring longtime congressional employee alice mccall
chairman  petesessions proudly supported a measure to put an end to settlement slush funds  read his statement here 
happy to see the society of neurointerventional surgery   snisinfo  as we discussed their get ahead of stroke campa…
tomorrow  march 6 around 5 40pm  depending votes   i m hosting a teletown hall for citizens of camden & pasquotank…
since 2001  pakistan has received nearly  34 billion from the american taxpayer  in that same time frame  pakistan…
rt  speakerryan  in the 3 months since tax reform  we re already seeing  ✔️small biz grow & invest ✔️bonuses for more than 6 million worker…
tonight marks the start of hanukkah  the eight-day jewish festival commemorating the maccabees  victory over the gr…
just finished meeting w/ the oh association of broadcasters discussing issues important to the broadcasting industr…
regulations = ⇧housing costs  ⇩home ownership  not working for families & working-age americans —&gt  hearing this am…
icymi  tax cuts will strengthen the economy  this is really a great day for america  people are going to keep more…
rt  repratcliffe  tomorrow at 2pm  hurdonthehill and i will chair a joint  househomeland &  gopoversight cyber subcommittee hearing on  dh…
had the privilege of talking with  mikiebarb for the  nytimes the daily podcast about the russia investigation  gun…
  iubloomington  these programs have lowered student borrowing costs by 18% over 3 years  saving  65 million  g o p future millennials  2 
fees waived saturday at idaho s 10  natparkservice sites for national park week  take your family to yellowstone o…
yesterday i hosted my second youth leadership summit to discuss leadership opportunities with juniors and seniors e…
i ll be live on twitter at 4 30pm today - use the hashtag ask bill johnson to ask me a question about anything that is on your mind
rt  foxnews    tgowdysc on anti-trump text messages   the notion that three [fbi] agents would be conspiring or plotting on how to handle t…
rt  waysandmeansgop  breaking → the house just passed the tax cuts and jobs act – bold tax reform that will create more jobs  increase payc…
my thoughts are with our sailors aboard the u s s john s mc cain   it s time for an investigation 
congrats to laura rose  winner of the congressional art competition from ok s 4th district  fourth district friday…
  navient  college completion before&after students borrow for college is critical to borrower success   millennials g o p future
out with the old  and in with the new - today marks the last tax day americans will ever file under our 32-year-old…
rt  michaelcburgess  today the  housecommerce sub health is marking up more than 60 bills to combat the opioid epidemic  as we seek to tack…
today  i visited  airmethodscorp  a leading emergency air medical provider based in greenwood village  due to…
the farm bill was the topic of discussion as brad etheridge and ashley hughes gave me a tour of etheridge cattle co…
rt  houseappropsgop  chairman  usreprodney  by the end of the week   houseappropsgop will have held nearly 75 budget hearings  the power of…
 meredithiler  theleegreenwood  randpaul  bradwenstrup  helpingahero great to meet you yesterday  you re doing som…
reminder  tomorrow is national prescription drug take back day  an opportunity to safely dispose of unused drugs at…
my office is hosting an information session on fema recovery assistance until 1pm today  phscedu north campus 
i always enjoy seeing members of the boys and girls club when they come to dc  thank you for taking time to visit 
the american people work hard  today  we passed the first step in tax reform so americans can start keeping more of their own money 
i will be hosting a second series of town hall meetings  please click below for more -
big changes are coming to i-83  to help keep the public updated  penndot is holding an open house on thursday  marc…
contratulations  cariijn we are very proud of you back here in utah usspeedskating  2018olympicskor  teamusa…
don t forget to  like  my facebook page to view the latest photos and updates on nc-13 
thank you to our law enforcement officers who serve and sacrifice to keep our families and neighborhoods safe …
had to show  iowacorngrowers our corn stalk here in my dc office - thanks for stopping by 
today s  tvt  goes to u s  army lt  col  kamal singh kalsi  one of the first sikhs to receive a religious exemption…
rt  edworkforce  tomorrow  the subcommittee on health  employment  labor  and pensions holds a hearing to explore  usdol s proposed rule to…
tax cuts and jobs act is for taxpayers at every rate  typical family of 4 in  oh07  see  2 289 cut …
 reperikpaulsen  waysandmeansgop thank you  excited to get to work with you and the rest of the committee 
rt  apparelfootwear  appreciate  repadriansmith meeting with us today  we hope the senate sees the urgency of gsp renewal too  thank you  …
i am extremely concerned about reports that the administration is considering a 95% budget cut to the office of nat…
rt  cchsra  california s  replamalfa discusses  cahsr  project  capand trade w/  kfiam640 s  johnandkenshow   ca   e… 
cathy - agree goal not only find out what happened w/ russian meddling but how to prevent future attacks  always sa…
 rep  susan brooks  r-ind   has long been the point-person on the hill for indiana s struggle against opioids  an u…
h r  5202  ensuring patient access to substance use disorder treatments act  has passed the full cmte by voice vote
110 years of keeping america safe and free – happy birthday to the  usarmyreserve  u s a r birthday110
texas leads the nation in miles of roads and we continue to grow as a world-class destination for business and tour…
it s great to have you back 
teamed up w/ smokey_bear & bishop elementary for firepreventionmonth  these 1st graders are ready to do their part…
my remarks on the president s  sotu 
rt  aircraftcarrier  thank you rep   conawaytx11 for your support of a strong 12  aircraftcarrier  usnavy 🇺🇸
joined  potus in las vegas today to visit victims  first responders  &  lvpd   encouraged by the outpouring of suppo…
rt  repandybiggsaz  i joined  housescience chair  lamarsmithtx21 in an op-ed about our work to hold the nsf accountable for its use of taxp…
via the  enquirerjournal  voting underway in congressional art competition
rt  housegop  it s official → the schumer shutdown is almost shut down 
i am proud to have introduced the navy seal chief petty officer william  bill  mulder  ret   transition improvement act of 2018      
i commend texas law enforcement officials & their federal counterparts for their hard work & success in finding the…
we thank the members of the  usairforce who break barriers & defend our freedoms every day  🎉🎂 air force birthday…
fly your flag today on the national vietnam war veterans day  now an annual celebration which honors the men and wo…
tune in → i m joining  foxbusiness   varneyco to discuss border security at 8 45am ct
rt  foxnews  amid government shutdown  here are the lawmakers who didn t receive a salary
rt  agnewsdaily  no room for farm bill complains if offer no amendments  you cannot choose to complain about something you have no process…
ty 🙏 to the people of  pa15  for the trust you ve shown in me  time & again  after my family  representing you & ca…
what are your top priorities for 2018 
from my family to yours  i wish you a very blessed and happy thanksgiving2017 
proud to officially congratulate two schools in  pa03  for each winning the 2017  natlblueribbon award  the students…
keep up to date w/ my work in washington for the people of  nj  by signing up for my weekly e-newsletter here 
looks like we ll be seeing some of  tx23  & the alamo city in the big apple at next year s macy s thanksgiving day p…
tune in to  620wtmj at 3 20 ct to hear my latest interview on tax reform and what s next on the better way agenda 
thank you to everyone who came out to my veterans care fair at the  nationalguard armory in waterloo this afternoon…
we are now considering h r  5684  protecting seniors from opioid abuse act find all bills from today s full cmte m…
it was wonderful to catch up with kyle from topeka  who is currently on duty with the national guard in arlington …
today  our nation comes together in prayer for continued blessings and that we overcome the challenges we may face …
united launch alliance atlas v has successful launch from the cape tonight
rt  houstonisdgov  a big congratulations to  hspva world geography teacher ms  jennifer chase for being named a winner of the  humanitieste…
i am pleased that the trump administration has made a federal disaster declaration for the 4 alabama counties that…
live now  on the  ingrahamangle  repgoodlatte lays out fair immigration reform which means securing our borders and…
i joined chairmen  repedroyce   repstevechabot  &  petesessions in calling for the end of shark fin sales  we canno…
on this day in 1952  the first airplane landed at the geographic north pole  more info here 
of course the best grilled cheese sandwiches are made with cheese from america s dairyland  happy…
i am deeply saddened to hear of the tragedy in charleston  please join me in praying for all those affected  prayers for charleston
rt  hascrepublicans  chairman  mactxpress comments on a week of deadly military accidents - readiness  fy18ndaa  ht…
our economy is thriving  we have 6 55 million job openings and 6 59 million unemployed people  that is why we are i…
🚨breaking🚨  repgoodlatte  nadler  collins  jeffries  issa  johnson  smith  deutch  introduce music licensing package
 lwherron  reprohrabacher guess that what they taught u at berkeley 
no one looks forward to tax day  but this year there s some good news  tomorrow is the last time americans will hav…
rt  repstevepearce  glad to join my colleague  reppittenger at the parliamentary intelligence security forum this morning  as chairman of t…
rt  justinamash  when they set the new government funding deadline a few days before christmas  you can be confident that the final bill wi…
just finished up with a press conference at the  whitehouse with  potus to celebrate the benefits and results  seen…
shutting down the government is never a good idea  today  on the house floor  i urged congress to vote on the conti…
soon   cathymcmorris and  repkevinbrady will join me for a tax talk with everyday americans who are benefiting from…
our thoughts and prayers are with the family  friends  and teammates of jaylen lott  a senior at lowndes high schoo…
rt  washtimes   ask yourself  whom do you trust to run an efficient high-tech service   asks  repbillshuster infrastructure
thank you for your hard work helping families in mi01 
thanks to  housegop s pro-growth policies like lifting regulations and cutting taxes  we re seeing good news everyw…
julie has been heading up sd public broadcasting for more than a decade  great to touch base about what s next for…
great event this morning at immokalee technical college  i-tech  for a tax preparation event about the  irs…
rt  johnliddy   streetwise_mba graduates participating in a roundtable w/  sbalinda  repjohnkatko  reptenney at  thetechgarden
 the small business network is a large network and again it is the backbone of our economy   talk small yall ar4…
in  thehill  the administration s decision to terminate  tps  for hondurans is a great economic loss for our so fla…
we can all make a difference to fight the flu and help our friends and family stay healthy  my column in today s…
 barjhall  marcorubio  senbillnelson it is a priority  my understanding is that there s sufficient funding to conti…
joining  shannonbream now on  foxnewsnight   foxnews
the president needs to nominate a commissioner without further delay  and once he does  the senate should move qui…
i want to extend my thoughts and prayers to our friends in toronto and all of canada in the wake of yesterday s attack  toronto strong
rt  housegop  do you know how many companies have increased their minimum wage because of the tax cuts & jobs act   cvs → raised their mini…
photos from last week s vietnam veterans commemoration in woodstock  va06  are now live  it was a wonderful afternoo…
exiting opportunity to talk with fed vice-chairman about regulatory burdens imposed by international standards like…
check out last night s headlines    the media got this one right  democrats chose to draw a line in the sand to pro…
to our vietnam vets  your sacrifices are not forgotten  today we come together as a nation to thank you for your d…
bipartisan efforts underway bob  today s news reaffirms that nothing is set in stone yet on issue of drilling off n…
rt  13wrex  major donation  the boys & girls club of rockford receives a  5 000 donation to go towards education opportunities
rt  benyc    repspeier   brucepoliquin   repryancostello   sengillibrand and  repanniekuster introduce the me too congress act 
it s public schools week and yesterday i met with the illinois parent teacher association  great to discuss educatio…
so great to be with legendary actress &  bgsu alum eva marie saint - 93 years young - at a viewing in bgsu gish fil…
excited to meet with walmart employees in mullins this morning who will be receiving these bonuses   sc07 
reminder  april 6th is the deadline to submit your art to the congressional art competition  more details at …
the mobile act will expand access to mobile banking and better ensure those living in areas without a physical bank…
great to catch up with my friend ag sessions this morning at the conservative opportunity society breakfast in wash…
posey to host 2016 congressional art competition with indian river lagoon theme
icymi    mcdonalds  citing the new u s  tax law and the tightening job market  is expanding its 3-year-old educatio…
best part about joint sessions of congress  elevated oxygen levels in the house so senators can make it down the a…
medicare and social security are critical to the health and retirement security of our seniors  i am humbled to rec…
aplaudo al  statedept p compromiso de proveer fondos adicionales p asistir a venezolanos refugiados en la región  a…
 housejudiciary thanks to  repjerrynadler  repdougcollins  repjeffries  darrellissa  rephankjohnson  lamarsmithtx21…
wishing you and your family a blessed and happy easter 
i voted against tax bill  the  10k salt cap is not enough for most liers & will devalue our homes by 10-15%  while…
voted no on the omnibus  h r  1625 – consolidated appropriations act  this week  statement on the legislation 
new  just voted for the largest troop pay raise in 8 years  no one deserves a raise more than the brave men and w…
as congress debates the farm bill this week  the house has an opportunity to permanently eliminate one of the worst…
rt  speakerryan  the  deptvetaffairs needs to be refocused toward effectively serving our nation s heroes  that s why this week  the house…
rt  cathymcmorris  go team u s a  🥇🇺🇸🥇
i offer my condolences to the bush family and to the nation in the loss of first lady and first mother barbara bush…
rt  repjimrenacci  under 4%  the lowest point since 2000 in addition to adding 164 000 jobs  the unemployment has finally dropped below 4%…
u s  rep  ryan costello tackles student debt of those in public service
great discussion this week with the  credityounion about their efforts to protect member data  promote thrift and p…
rt  accessiblemeds    repmckinley thank you for sponsoring the fast generics act  your letter to  realdonaldtrump as he prepares to speak t…
i had the chance to show brigitte dietz from  illinoisstateu & grace merrett from  illinois_alma around the capitol…
reflecting on the importance of easter  my trip to the holy land  and standing with our ally  israel 
rt  repmarkwalker   the idea that the top 1 percent will benefit the most from the republican tax bill is often the go-to talking point tha…
enjoyed seeing the students of valmead elementary school  bright young people with a phenomenal group of teachers 
rt  lopezgovlaw  honoring the body of work & legacy of our friend — retiring congresswoman  roslehtinen and irlteam    
happening now   potus delivering remarks about historic tax reform  watch here 
proud to join my colleagues during  sotu  in chanting  usa    
rt  hharrarbrc11   repsmucker reads to pre-k students at the together community center 📚 pre kfor pa  brctv11
we are 15 months into  realdonaldtrump s 1st term in office  if the special counsel still doesn t have any evidence…
it was a pleasure to visit with xavier degroat from michigan during autism awareness month  xavier is an inspiring…
now seeking fall interns in my washington office  more info here   nv02 
law enforcement officers dedicate their lives to preserving the safety of others and answering the call of duty  t…
rt  foxbusiness    reparrington on nafta   the president was right to say after 20 years we need to update and modernize and get a better d…
thx  caitlyn_jenner for the beautiful post with my son  transrigo and tribute to our activism  i will always fight…
the acu educates voters  elected officials and opinion leaders as to why conservative principles work better  and w…
rt  whitecoatwaste  thx  reptommarino &  repryancostello for a  work to end secrecy  waste & abuse in govt dog testing labs  sign here  htt…
talking private sector and state innovations to offer more flexibility in workplace g o p working4 women
  time recently named st  peters  missouri as the 15th best place to live in the country   mo03 
tune in  i m about to join  sundayfutures with  mariabartiromo to discuss the latest with iran and north korea 
starting at 10 am  labor  hhs subcommittee chairman  tomcoleok04 chairs the subcommittee s fy19 public witness hear…
 conniekennedy i think helping spread public information is a reasonable approach  especially when it comes to visi…
no one had a clearer understanding that problems can often get solved by individuals acting with god- and that some…
billy graham s faith inspired a nation  read more in my weekly column 
awareness great but fl growers need relief now  save our citrus  secretarysonny  mickmulvaneyomb  realdonaldtrump
a trailblazing school in my congressional district   ywpamonarchs  made the  usnewseducation rankings of the best h…
american companies are investing in american workers and delivering on bonuses  higher wages  more jobs and better…
chairman  repkevinbrady   with more financial freedom  families will be able to take that beach vacation or put ext…
farmers truly are the backbone of this country  working hard sunrise to sunset to ensure we have food on our tables…
rt  kcstar  gop picks yoder to chair influential homeland security appropriations subcommittee
today in bloomington  i spent a few minutes w/ the brave men & women ensuring everyone s safety at memorial stadium…
had the honor of speaking at the eric zapata 5k today in kalamazoo and presenting tourniquet holsters to…
i have to give  potus &  secpompeo a lot of credit for securing the release of these three americans from north kor…
vice president pence s message is simple  the american economy is booming – and we re just getting started   thank…
rt  foxbusiness    repjimrenacci on regional banks   if it wasn t for those small community banks and for the credit unions and that banks…
rt  cj_wentz  she said yes  and now maddie and i both got us a ring 💍😎 can t wait to marry my best friend  god is doing some amazing things…
because of the tax cuts and jobs act  parts of monroe now labeled  opportunity zones   read more in  monroenews →
pleased to have played a role in developing this provision to ensure all producers and ag industry can see the ben…
great decision by  potus 
joined  us1radionews yesterday to urge constituents in the f l keys to utilize the hurricane tax relief deductions t…
collins and fcc commissioner o rielly call on new york to stop diverting 9-1-1 fees -
quick reminder  our office will be hosting the second of two u s  service academy forums this saturday in lubbock 
congressman griffith s weekly e-newsletter 11 27 17 topics  no surprise here – green climate fund is a boondoggle …
thoughts & prayers are with  stevescalise & others injured this am  grateful for the  capitolpolice & their bravery  my staff & i are safe 
rt  ncnationalguard  april is the monthofthe military child and tomorrow  april 13th is purple up day  an opportunity to recognize and honor…
rt  replukemesser  icymi  i joined  sandrasmithfox on  foxnews yesterday after the house passed a tax cut plan to give working hoosiers a p…
i would like to wish you and your family a very merry christmas 
thank you to incentive services in edina for inviting me to learn more about their business and the benefits they v…
rt  fiu  -fiu classes resume monday -8th street closed from 107th avenue to 117th avenue indefinitely  all 8th street entrances to mmc are…
fy18 omnibus  what you need to know   tx07  houston
it s planting season  yesterday  i spent some time in the field and heard from the farmers how the farm bill helps…
wishing each and everyone of you a very happy easter
rt  housecommerce  here s where you can watch this morning s hearing with  facebook ceo mark zuckerberg  💻 website 
i started the morning off at breakfast w/ the u s  global leadership coalition where we had a productive discussion…
originally designed as a tool to protect the environment   nepa  has become a tool of obstruction  and in many cases…
we must support women of afghanistan  who after yrs of being banned from public space  have persevered & progressed in extraordinary ways
i had the honor of working with patti grace smith to advance commercial space issues  she will be greatly missed 
today marks the third in a series of  housecommerce sub health hearings examining bipartisan health solutions to he…
appreciate meeting with ga assoc  of health underwriters in my d c  office this week  each person s health care nee…
looking forward to seeing everyone from  al06  at my two town halls next week 
rt  repmarkmeadows  starting off the day at  cpac 2018 on radio row with  jim_jordan  a time for action
it s time to move spent nuclear fuel out of  oc  & to a permanent storage site  here s what i m doing to accomplish…
tonight  the house passed the no assistance for assad act  a bill i cosponsored  read more on how the legislation k…
the stench involving fusion gps keeps getting more odious  fusion is at the heart of democrat-media-russia complex 
the house of representatives just voted to pass two bipartisan financial services reg relief bills  read about them…
h r  529 will allow computers to be included as a covered education expense 
rt  utahsenate  happening now   repmialove speaking to the senate your session utleg utpol
rt  repmikecoffman  thanks  leoshane  as chairman  i am proud to lead the debate  watch the  fy19ndaa  markup live here 
every child deserves a chance at life  currently  the united states is one of only 7 countries that allows abortion…
today  i had the pleasure of touring and visiting  fabfoursinc plant in lancaster county to discuss…
incredibly grateful for the 500  farmers  ranchers  & members of the food industry who came out yesterday
it was great to meet the vanantwerp s today in my dc office  they traveled all the way from benzonia  michigan to visit washington 
bad and unfair trade deals have hurt our state and have put maine workers at a disadvantage in the past  we need to…
rt  wawheat23  thank you  repnewhouse for the great visit today on trade  farmbill and infrastructure   we thank you for your service  whe…
in a few weeks on april 28   deahq will hold its spring national prescription drug take back day  this is an opport…
tune in to  foxnewsradio today at 5 35pm central  will talk about immigration  border security and more  listen in…
 this bill takes the crucial next steps to rebuilding our military and reforming the pentagon  our nation owes the…
great discussion today at the  pickawayrossctc about issues affecting our business climate and economy  thanks to e…
 2 886 is a lot of money  check out how the tax cutsand jobs act is putting families in western  pa  first 
today we honor the leaders of our great nation  happy presidents day
the establishment of our embassy in jerusalem was aided greatly by the superb work of  usambisrael david friedman …
assistant mad  co  da jay town is an excellent choice for us attorney for the northern dist  of alabama 
i commend  spacex on the successful launch of the falcon heavy rocket today at  nasakennedy   this is a great achie…
community health centers provide healthcare for over 24 000 people in  wi08   last night in the house i voted for—an…
take action against the opioid epidemic by dropping off unused and unwanted prescriptions on this saturday s nation…
rt  houseappropsgop  the house appropriations committee is getting our work done on all 12 appropriations bills in record-breaking time  ht…
rt  speakerryan  the tax cuts & jobs act is a monumental reform of our country s tax system and the house is doing it the right way  throug…
 the reduction in the federal excise tax has allowed us to hire additional staff  increase our whiskey production …
rt  flcitrusmutual  growers need federal relief to sustain iconic industry  tomrooney  secretarysonny  mickmulvaney…
it was an honor to support our troops today at the  redcross holiday mail for heroes event  our servicemembers serv…
armed americans are the best defense against armed terrorists
 praizeguy thank you for your service  happy veterans day 
i believe our students will help us find solutions to keep our children safe in school  i sat down with…
rt  pafoodmerchants  pfma and its members participated in a roundtable discussion with  congressmangt at the  centralpafb yesterday  the co…
the open skies agreement protects airline jobs  slcairport—promoting open and fair air travel w/o government inter…
 we owe it to those who serve and fight for our freedom every day to ensure they have the necessary tools and suppo…
dianne and i are praying for our good friend francis  he s tenacious enough that he can beat this 
 ca08 
they have been in business for over four decades  processing and distributing metals to commercial and residential…
rt  transport  the trucking industry is poised for a revolution through innovation  learn more about it this morning at our roundtable on…
thanks  supertalk and  paulgalloshow for all you re doing today  palmerhomems so they can continue to change lives 
today  70 years after the u s  recognized israel as an independent state  we finally recognized a longstanding real…
if you can t get an answer from a federal agency or have been treated unfairly  my office can try to help &gt &gt &gt 
today at 10am ➡️ subcommittee hearing on a more effective and collaborative osha  details 
terrific meeting today with old friend luis fortuno  former congressman and former governor of puerto rico  discuss…
exactly 
updated  i ll be on your world with neil cavuto on fox news around 4 30pm this afternoon  charles payne is guest ho…
it was an honor to address the  whitemanbcc this afternoon while at  whiteman_afb and officially announce to them t…
rt  waysandmeansgop   we will send a clear message to all who are hurting because of this law  that message is  relief is on the way    rep…
rt  houseappropsgop  read summaries of the 12 appropriations bills included in the fy 2018 omnibus here 
tax reform ✔️ extra income ✔️ small business confidence at an all-time high ↑ ✔️ 45 year-low unemployment rate ↓…
rt  baydistschools  jinks book club and congressman dunn     a bunch of book lovers   jinksprincipal  drnealdunnfl2
thank you to local leaders  mishawakamayor david wood and nappanee mayor phil jenkins for a great discussion about…
on the national dayof prayer  we remember that we are one nation  under god  pray for your family  pray for your lea…
as we are seeing right here at home in  fl25   the tax cutsand jobs act is helping individuals and families pay bills…
congrats to the 33 grads of the drug court program in athens county  these programs can change lives & communities 
thank you avery and  homedepot team for the welcome and conversation  always great to be in inver grove hts and exc…
rt  repgrothman  happy national small business week to the 29 million small businesses that are the backbone of our economy and our communit…
we re excited to have  johnscrazysocks  autismspeaks  autonomyworks &  autismsociety testify before the committee t…
a huge thank you to our plano and frisco police as well as the fbi for keeping our north texas families and our com…
rt  cuna   breaking   cuna backed mobile act just passed in the house with a 50-10 vote  thank you  reptipton for your leadership on this …
veterans from storm-impacted areas who require immediate assistance may contact  va health resource center disaster hotline  1-800-507-4571
congratulations arkansas leader christopher caldwell for being confirmed as the federal co-chairman of  deltaregional 
on  the bear - 98 1  with omelette and coates now in traverse city
praying for the bush family during this difficult time  our nation mourns the loss of a patriot  strong leader  and…
sending my prayers to manhattan  the victims  and their families after this apparent act of terror 
sandbags  water dams at the ready as locals wait to see how high water affects mississippi  atchafalaya…
rt  reploudermilk  great news for small community banks and credit unions  my bipartisan bill  h r  4607  will decrease regulatory paperwor…
rt  sheriffcsm  this proposal is a great step to ensure our local governments have access to the funding they need  i appreciate congressma…
thanks to everyone who joined me at my norman town hall meeting  i always appreciate hearing your concerns & questi…
rt  housegop  thanks to the tax cutsand jobs act  ✅ 4 million americans have received bonuses ✅ 500  businesses have delivered new or expan…
ive read the memo from house intel  & am shocked at the corruption  ive signed onto  repmattgaetz s letter to…
sad to see a thanksgiving tradition come to an end  but looking forward to enjoying it one last time  wishing you a…
 indivisibleca48 no reason to be concerned  the election is over  trump was elected president & is now doing what he promised to do 
 casey__weiss do u really take a poll to decide what u think true or accurate  how about making a point about specific points of contention
coming up on anniversary of my bipartisan privacy bill - the browser act  1 regulator & 1 set of rules for isps an…
it s time to change the rules in the senate  go nuclear  or to force senators to speak on the floor to sustain a fi…
  sonewjersey thank you for taking the time to join me in my hamilton office  i enjoyed learning more about special…
i m hosting an alzheimer s summit next week  join me to learn more about the symptoms  support and newest research 
solid scotus victory today for  potus trump and common sense  national security before pc 
at 5 pm the committee will meet on h r  3697 - criminal alien gang member removal act  watch the hearing live here 
rt  libertycaucus  vote alert  hlc statement on amash amendment  u s a r i g h t s act  to  s139   fisa amendments reauthorization act of 2017
rt  austinscottga08  if you or someone you know is interested in learning more about internships with my washington  d c   tifton  or war…
rt  foxnews    reppeteking   what s happened here to a president of the united states - a duly elected president - should never happen agai…
it s time for the president to stop saying  no  and start saying  yes  to new solutions  energy trade  sotu 
rt  secretarysonny  sandwiched between two aderholts  chairman  robert_aderholt and his father judge bobby aderholt 
griffith bill to promote closed-loop pumped storage hydropower advances
spoke to the blesch intermediate school in mi01 today  hey  realdonaldtrump  dominic  4th grade  told me to  say…
true  you might not have gotten much but you still have this long piece of paper 
  waysandmeansgop will be discussing our plan to reform the tax code this morning 
the house just wasted ten minutes talking about the congressional baseball game  
rt  repdianeblack  this is what tax reform is all about → helping taxpayers  especially middle-income families & small businesses  put more…
enjoyed catching up with pam hogan  executive director of the kids rock free program  and discussing the important…
the committee stands in recess subject to the call of the chair 
today  the house passed the mortgage choice act to change a  cfpb rule to help more low & middle-income people acro…
so the obama doj can open a legally questionable investigation into the trump campaign—allegedly based on a campaig…
rt  alzdelval  staff & advocates thank  repryancostello for leadership & support of increased funding for alz research  cosponsorship of pc…
my prayers are w/ all affected by the devastating event in sutherland springs  texas today 
attn  bull shoals  my mobile office will be at bull shoals city hall on wednesday  april 18th  learn more here …
as fort bragg s congressman and an advocate for military families  i was honored to help with & attend this special…
the future farmers of america from columbia county visited our tallahassee district office this week  these leaders…
icymi  latta throws support behind great lakes restoration initiative - the lima news it s important that the glri…
last week  the senate brought us one step closer to fixing our nation s broken tax code  read my  nc10  weekly newsl…
tax reform is giving more than  crumbs  back to americans  more than 400 companies have increased employee benefits…
congratulations to mid-atlantic  maine-endwell ll  for winning the  littleleague world series   llws   usa 
update  the hearing will reconvene at the end of the current vote series 
day 4 for 31 reasons4 tax reform→ our current broken tax code makes it harder for main street employers to create job…
rt  mikekellypa  this is an appalling revelation  i m glad to have joined  repdianeblack & others to request this study  and proud to be an…
rt  housecommerce  live now  sub d c c p convenes hearing titled  do not call  combating robocalls and caller id spoofing  &gt &gt 
such an honor to award distinguished service cross to family of wwii pow joseph lafleur - a great louisianan and tr…
rt  californiard  thank you  selfhelpent   usdard california state director kim dolbow vann today joined  repdavidvaladao to tour the she…
had a great meeting yesterday with ambulance providers from ky-02  thanks for keeping kentuckians safe 
  mrsb1stgraders thanks for your question  ask buddy
i enjoyed spending time with residents of the solon senior center this morning  special thank you to the senior cen…
last night  i was honored to host one of my favorite events of the year  my annual reception to honor local student…
just joined the house in supporting the rights of the people of iran—many of whom are protesting a corrupt and opp…
rt  repdianeblack  icymi  107 of my colleagues joined my letter to  speakerryan   gopleader &  stevescalise urging them to do everything in…
rt  americafirstpol  icymi   vp pence   keithrothfus  and  mikekellypa joined us friday to talk about the real impacts of tax reform on the…
the taylor force act will stop every penny of american taxpayer dollars from funding the palestinian authority s sy…
great press conference today in washington with jon stewart rallying opposition to budget director  mickmulvaneyomb…
thanks to the tax cutsand jobs act  companies across the country are investing in our communities & economies …
rev   billygraham dedicated his life to the service of god  delivering the good news of god s love & forgiveness to…
today s thirddistrictthursday photo is the welcome sign for lineville  clay co  al03 
rt  justinamash  a reminder that just last month  the republican and democratic establishments rammed through a reauthorization of unconsti…
let s all follow  mindycorporon example and create a wave of positive change for the future  let s make a ripple an…
just a recap from the  sotu  on  potus s leadership on prison reform  i m working with the wh and have introduced th…
removing the snake river dams would be harmful to our communities  the environment  and our economy  hydropower dam…
get your applications in &gt &gt &gt  it s the last day to submit your artwork for the 2018 congressional art competition  l…
happy birthday to my favorite president and true symbol of perseverance  abraham lincoln 
looking forward to speaking  kslaw cybersecurity & privacy summit this evening   acdc 
reminder  hope to see you tonight at the athens-limestone public library for a town hall & legislative update  look…
  cathymcmorris  dams and fish can coexist  and after more than two decades in the courtroom  let s let scientists …
the president of the franklin county area development corporation expects massive growth and higher wages after the…
icymi  quashing bureau s payday rule is a win for low-income americans via  thehill  cfpb 
tomorrow marks the start of regular firearm season for deer in michigan 
spoke with employees in montgomery county on how the tax bill will help middle-income families and job creators in…
i was awarded the spirit of enterprise award by  uschamber  i am proud to support bills that help our businesses cr…
as a grandmother and a nurse  it is utterly appalling that we have to pass legislation to save babies left to die …
house passes three bills to reform regulations affecting energy
rt  realdonaldtrump  on behalf of the american people  welcome home 
rt  rodneydavis  special agents bailey  griner  & officers battaglia  jobe & jensen  congrats on receiving the medal of valor & thank you …
lk  lack of lab sciences & upper level math hindered my ability to complete education through online or military campus options  g o p future
rt  crohnscolitisfn  thanks  repryancostello for your leadership on behalf of  ibd  patients 
thank you fields family for stopping by 
congressman jim bridenstine hails passage of the s p a c eact
chairman  repmarkwalker on the newly released omnibus 
in recognition of national police week  i want to honor officers gary michaels & christopher ryan morton  clinton po…
stark state college will offer a free 10-week summer program for students interested in a career in the oil and gas…
joining all americans in celebrating the life and legacy of dr  martin luther king  jr 
rt  methowheadwater  thanks  repnewhouse for supporting the methow valley s waters  community and economy  methow…
q  what did castro s cubans use to farm before oxen  a  tractors 
check out my op-ed in  thehill today w/  heritage s james sherk about the employee rights act →
rt  housecommerce   what we re voting on tonight is a six year  fully funded children s health insurance program  a yes vote says you re fo…
rt  ntu   when earmarks were allowed and encouraged  bills passed on shady favors and chumminess rather than their merits  this practice he…
omb director mick mulvaney is here on the hill this morning with the president s  15 billion rescission request for…
rt  speakerboehner  news   repmcclintock of california to deliver this week s republican address 4jobs 
appreciate being able to spend time with rotarians from  oh15   their service to our community is inspiring 
spoke  nuclearpolicy seminar on nonproliferation  the importance of the gold standard   the need to pass my bill w…
rt  blondefarmer_wa  thank you  repnewhouse for the effort of helping your fellow farmers keep their customers  90%  wawheatgrowers deliver…
must-see information below 
it was a pleasure to meet with hoosier students from randall t  shepard leadership and law academy from evansville…
rt  cal_fire  ranch fire [update] off ranch camp rd   el dorado county  is now 140 acres & 40% contained  mandatory evacs lifted
 the american people deserve better   read my full statement on the release of the f i s a memo memo day --&gt 
  repmarkmeadows  the administration identified three key drivers of this transformation  information technology mo…
as a result of the tax cutsand jobs act being signed into law   verizon has announced employees will receive 50 share…
rt  housecommerce  media advisory  chairman  repgregwalden to join press conference on  chip  at 5 45 in the capitol &gt &gt 
 since the tax reform package was signed into law  our economy has experienced its most robust growth rate since 20…
today we recognize all of the amazing women making a difference across the globe  happy international womens day  
we promised a fair and simple tax code  more jobs  and larger pay checks  and we delivered  be sure to text  tax r…
what defenders of the status quo call  pathetic  and  crumbs  is  to most people  the opportunity for a better life…
rt  realdonaldtrump  honored to have republican congressional leadership join me at the  whitehouse this evening  lots to discuss as we con…
thank you to all of nevada s police officers who are dedicated to keeping our communities safe and secure  national police week  nv02 
rt  foxnews    patrickmchenry   [rev  billy graham] had relationships on both sides of the aisle    for generations  
since 2009  oklahoma honor flights has flown roughly 2 000 veterans to visit washington  dc
today  alachua  bradford  & union counties were awarded a major disaster declaration for individual assistance  fema
had the opportunity to visit norris cylinder in h ville today where they produce a wide range of industrial gas cyl…
congratulations to the men and women of letterkenny army depot on 75 years of operational excellence supporting am…
a pleasure to visit with secretary zinke and hear his vision for restoring our park land   secretaryzinke
rt  repgoodlatte  pleased to welcome  keithrothfus back as a member of  housejudiciary  he previously served on the committee  & his experi…
rt  crtv  watch   repdesantis shares w/  natemaddencrtv his insider perspective on serious allegations of sexual misconduct on capitol hill…
rt  speakerryan  fact → the typical american family is about to receive an  1 182 tax cut 
the subcommittee on highways and transit will hold a hearing on  long-term funding for highways and transit program…
congratulations to former razorback  andrewlgolf on his first pga tour victory—the valero texas open  go hogs    wps  valerotxopen
release  fix nics bill to strengthen gun background check system signed into law →  repcuellar  johncornyn fix n i c s
great to meet these guys with the alabama emergency managers today  left to right  jonathan …
today i spearheaded a bipartisan letter to the u s  small business administration in support of  onetoughnerd s dis…
during the obama administration  our nation has seen  1 trillion cut from our military and national defense  tcot
visit or text  tax reform  to 50589 to see what the tax cuts and jobs act is doing to help you…
new social security statistics have been released  340 251 nebraskans receive social security benefits  out of a to…
rt  repkevinbrady  live now  tune in to  squawkcnbc to hear the  gopleader and i discuss tax day  squawkonthe hill
swing for the fences   tx25  
cynthia & i are saddened to hear of the passing of barbara bush  she was a remarkable woman who stood by her convic…
rt  cspanbus  just a few moments from our amazing ceremony here in iowa recognizing our national grand prize  studentcam winners  congratu…
  mrsb1stgraders thanks for your question ask buddy
my statement on the final passage of the budget -&gt  tax reform
psalm 34 19-20 many are the afflictions of the righteous  but the lord delivers him out of them all  he keeps all h…
tx14 - your grace  courage  and resolve in the face of harvey is an example and source of encouragement around the nation 
rt  drphilroe  thank you for having me   herrerabeutler  it was great to be there 
it s groundhog day and it looks like we ll have 6 more weeks of winter… thanks a lot punxsutawney phil 
legislation to rename the post office at 111 market st  in saugerties  ny after late-rep  maurice hinchey passed th…
fisa is a vital tool our intelligence community needs to protect american citizens & troops overseas  it includes s…
rt  fema  we created an irma rumor control page to help you verify what s true and what s not  visit it here 
on floor to honor the civil air patrol  cap  & the contributions this civilian auxiliary makes to our great nation …
rt  repdavidvaladao  with tax day upon us  irs related scams are on the rise which is why the house will vote on several bills this week to…
secretary mattis at hasc tomorrow - chairman  mactxpress focused on readiness
the social security administration has announced a 2% cost-of-living adjustment for 2018   socialsecurity
new year  new tax code → the tax cuts and jobs act retains important deductions for high medical bills  mortgage inter…
rt  senmikelee  my thoughts and prayers are with the american service men and women in harms way tonight  i look forward to hearing from th…
the 2016 little league world series starts today in williamsport   llws 
celebrate national park week on saturday and visit one of the many national parks in  va01  for free  find your park…
next month  i ll be hosting a small business workshop in sanger  stop by to learn from local experts about starting…
my statement on the deal brokered by president trump that addresses the ever-changing pricing of renewable identifi…
glad to join in the ribbon cutting for the new offices of nobletech solutions  a h ville firm founded in 2013 that…
pleased to meet larry from  villageofge this morning  thanks for taking time to speak with me about heart recovery 
  repgregwalden has assembled a great team of leaders and staff at  housecommerce to tackle obamacare  i m ready to get to work 
rt  foxnews    stevescalise   i strongly support the work that chairman nunes and his entire committee have been doing to uncover the truth…
recently hosted a tele-town hall to hear your thoughts  answer your  s  & discuss important fed issues w/ 1ks of gr…
on with  shannonbream to discuss why mark zuckerberg needs to get familiar with the browser act  and work with cong…
for months  the world has watched in horror as defenseless men  women  and children were murdered in cold blood by…
it was a privilege serving with  speakerryan  he carried on the tradition of jack kemp in reaching out with a messa…
looking forward to an informative hearing w  secelainechao  we re working together to rebuild american…
rt  mariabartiromo  coming up now   tgowdysc  morningsmaria  foxbusiness supreme court hearings intellegence leaks
my full statement on the release of the memo --&gt 
elise is not just a role model for young women  she is a role model for all  even middle aged men who sit beside he…
texas ranks 1 in the nation for number of cattle and calves  and our state s cattle industry alone has a  10 5 b…
on veterans day  please join me in honoring all the men and women who have given so much to keep our nation safe
rt  rileytopping  such an honor to have my congressman   reppittenger  as a sponsor of the puppers act and supporter of  whitecoatwaste 🐾🇺🇸…
rt  sierra_nf  morning update  railroad fire is currently estimated at 5 800 acres and 15% containment  with 823 personnel assigned 
live now on the  housefloor speaking in support of my bill  the s e n s e act  that will clean up the environment  sa…
the first town hall meeting of 2018 is in the books  thank you to everyone who participated  next up is new berlin…
rt  freedomcaucus  hfc sent a letter on wednesday urging  realdonaldtrump to veto the omnibus over a lack of wall funding  among other issu…
thank you  ivankatrump for your continued advocacy on this issue &  potus for signing  fosta  into law  survivors a…
my small business tour of ar4 with senator  johnboozman is about to launch in el dorado this morning  it s going t…
recently  the white house has discussed reconsidering the u s  entering the tpp trade agreement  mainers can compet…
en  dlasamericas  quiero que mi legado sea uno de servicio a nuestra comunidad de so fla y como una persona simple…
when eighth graders from abraham lincoln middle school in selma wrote to me - i thought it was time for a visit  th…
support grows for  housescience s nasa authorization act of 2018  here s a glimpse of what they re saying 
the military was emaciated under the obama administration  and now it s time to fund our troops   foxnews
rt  speakerryan  tomorrow  rev  billy graham will become only the fourth person in our nation s history to lie in honor in the rotunda of t…
congressman griffith s weekly e-newsletter 10 2 17  tax reform delivers for the american people
my statement on  hascrepublicans passage of the  fy19ndaa  →
shumer shutdown seeks amnesty for illegal aliens  while denying gov t services to taxpaying citizens  time for demo…
according to the national human trafficking hotline  north carolina ranks among the top ten states across    
rt  waysandmeansgop  happy three month anniversary to the tax cutsand jobs act 🎉
rt  secretarysonny  china s announced duties of 179% on u s  sorghum is clearly a political move  international grain market is about the f…
rt  waysandmeansgop  america s tax code is too complex & outdated   housegop is delivering a better way forward on pro-growth tax reform ht…
this week we celebrate national public safety telecommunicators week  thank you to our dedicated local 911 dispatchers…
every day that congress kicks the can down the road  real people are hurt  we need to act on  daca  
proud to join  sentedcruz   senmikelee  and  jim_jordan in this op-ed  congress is facing a defining moment on the…
attention all high school artists  the submission deadline for the  ny21  congressional art competition is quickly a…
i m proud to be a part of this bipartisan effort to increase transparency in government spending …
veterans have earned the right to access quality care that meets their needs  read more here 
225 years ago the bill of rights was ratified to ensure the protection of our individual liberties  happy…
🚨 reminder  today is the final deadline to apply for hurricane harvey relief  🚨https //t co/jrmclfjryr
the current governing trend of short-term solutions and budgetary instability is detrimental to the security of our…
starting soon  in today s hearing  chairman  rep_stevewomack and members will learn about  uscbo s process for cost…
rt  cathymcmorris  because of taxreform  more than 87 million americans will see their utility costs reduced  that s more money in your po…
i m glad  realdonaldtrump made the decision to withdraw from the failed iran nuclear deal  see my full statement be…
putting aside release the memo for a minute  might i suggest a read regarding our efforts to fight offshore drillin…
update  with the support of  potus  a group of my freshman colleagues & i officially introduced a constitutional am…
this week i honored clinton police dept officer ryan morton in a speech on the house floor  he and fellow hero clint…
rt  benwsyx6    repstevestivers is meeting with schools  child services and other social services about how to help kids affected by the he…
thank you to howard and the  koch_foods team for the thorough overview and tour  great visit   oh08 
exactly  per  ismurray   the spectacle of two people turning up at a major government bureau claiming to be its act…
rt  sbagov  public service recognition week honors the men and women who serve our nation as federal  state  county and local government em…
rt  citygrandrapids  city commission seeking applications for city manager opening
pro-growth  pro-jobs  pro-family  ohioans benefit  despite the rhetoric  taxreform
rt  alabamaema  nate is now a hurricane plan ahead
release  sbc examines the small business travel and tourism industries
rt  repdonbacon  i served nearly 30 years in the air force- 16 assignments and retired as a 1 star general  i saw our military s performanc…
rt  cathymcmorris  don t forget  text taxreform to 50589 to be the first to see our new taxreform plan 
we are working to ensure veterans get the care that they have earned  v a accountability
what an inspirational story about a marine veteran who lost both of his legs in afghanistan and just completed 31 m…
read what  energy s  slaclab uncovered using its synchrotron radiation lightsource ⤵️
rt  housegop  a little snow won t stop us  votesonvotes 
during today s sub energy hearing on the north american energy trade  congressman griffith asked how we can keep jo…
icymi  here s my interview with  varneyco this morning on  foxbusiness re  paul ryan  bordertroops &…
anyone s political views are game for criticism but the comments from a wh staffer directed at john mccain cross a…
rt  pnpcbc   we want to have these settled    rephuizenga weighs in on the speed of  nafta  negotiations and the trade irritants slowing dow…
rt  wsj  unemployment rate fell to 3 9% in april  a level rarely reached in past 70 years  u s  added 164 000 jobs 
when congress acts  we need to be sure we ve finally got social security on the right track 
griffith introduces amendment to reform congressional budget office
at yesterday s  housecommerce hearing  u s  secretary of health & human services alex azar said he would allow…
wishing our friends in israel a happy 70th independence day  america is proud to stand with our cherished ally 
rt  gopoversight    usrepgarypalmer  many of us have seen firsthand the consequences of excessive federal regulation  by way of lost jobs …
mike pompeo will do a great job as secretary of state  he s smart  tough  and works his tail off  congrats to mik…
in a letter led by rep  leonard lance  n j    nineteen house republicans are pressing speaker paul d  ryan to sched…
 essential  air service amendment vote this morning in house
 chriswinsit you view everything this congress = destroys democracy  bill releases small community banks from dodd-…
release  support grows for the nasa authorization act of 2018
here s a good summary of the letter nine sw wa lawmakers & i sent to  govinslee re  oregon s tolling scheme 
2/2 i pray whomever perpetrated this - yet another cowardly and senseless act of violence - is brought to judgment  my staff and i are safe 
everyone needs to be on the same team if we re going to win this fight against heroin trafficking 
the plant and the coal mine that serves as its fuel source support over 825 direct jobs  and almost every one of t…
the house has passed 40  financial deregulatory bills  and the financial choice act  this congress  glad to see…
unemployment claims fell to the lowest point since 1969– taxreform is changing lives 
on the floor talking about why the democrats have to stop playing politics with our military  and pass the cr 
  farenthold  over the last two months  the committee has heard from a number of agencies about the progress they h…
howdy  tx14 - our telephone town hall is about to begin  let s get started  i m excited to hear from you  🇺🇸☎️
thanks to  okpca for visiting with me today 
happy fourth of july  today and every day i am proud to be an american 
rt  hascrepublicans  live   9 30 chairman  mactxpress joins  americanewsroom to talk north korea & other national security issues -  fy18nd… 
late last night  the house armed services committee passed the fy19 national defense authorization act out of commi…
african american women are starting businesses at record rates  since  07  there has been a 66% uptick in business…
october is national domestic violence awareness month  i believe that no woman  man  or child deserves to suffer from domestic violence 
w/drawal from iran agreement provides opportunity to establish more stable  equitable solution so iran doesn t deve…
rt  scccl  thanks to  repsanfordsc for opposing risky offshore drilling off the south carolina coast   the issue for me has ultimately alwa…
so it seems like this editorial was based off of wrong information  looking forward to a correction soon 
today the house will vote to prevent online sex trafficking and break through the chains of this modern day slavery…
today i proudly supported for the third time legislation to fund our military for the full year  it is time for…
johnstown lost a dedicated community leader this week  ed cernic  sr  will be sorely missed for his love and commi…
rt  foxnews    repmcsally   we finally have a president who has the will and desire to secure our border  
i always enjoy beginning the legislative work week here in dc with a tour  if you and your family are interested in…
it s small business week  so i thanked  firsttire for driving our strong  tx22  & fort bend economy  our job creators 
it s alarming the fbi found clinton was  extremely careless  in handling classified info but recommended no charges
yesterday  i was selected to be inducted into the ok hall of fame  i am grateful & humbled by this amazing honor 
sat down with mahoning co  commissioners and artist ray simon this am  ray s new artwork for the courthouse will be unveiled soon 
north carolina dairy farmers are some of the hardest working people i know  met with many of them in asheville earl…
hallelujah  he is risen  happy easter from my family to yours 
mitch mcconnell should ensure more of  realdonaldtrump s nominees are quickly confirmed by scheduling a vote on…
rt  uscapitol  rt to thank the u s  capitol police for their service  law enforcement appreciation day
2018 is just the start of the new fair and simple tax filing system  thetax cutsand jobs act saves you time and mone…
rt  asagrassroots  thank you  congressmandan for meeting with members of asa this week  follow friday  ff 
wishing you and your family a blessed easter 
this is the second of five final votes the committee is scheduled to take during this markup 
i just voted to fully fund our military for the fourth time  it s time to get back to regular order …
blanket tariffs threaten to undo the positive effects of tax cuts and regulatory reforms by raising costs for ameri…
 soleilani  indivisibleca30  indivisibleca48 tweets r about whatever participants focus on  i focused on hypocrisy of anti-trump feminists
rt  reptrey  tax reform stories from  in09  → hoosier families and businesses across indiana s ninth congressional district have already fel…
rt  repwebster  rt if you re excited to say goodbye to this 32-year-old tax code 
good to be in mountain brook to celebrate the opening of the mayor terry oden police and fire…
did you know that oklahoma is one of the leading producers of tires in the us  it was great to visit the  michelin…
will always be grateful for  speakerryan s friendship  positive leadership  & work on landmark 21st century cures i…
it was a great honor to be in israel for the historic  long overdue occasion of moving the us embassy to israel s c…
 housecommerce has an important hearing this morning with  facebook ceo  mark zuckerberg  to discuss transparency a…
reminder for national poison prevention week  poisoning remains the leading cause of injury-related death in the u …
the window to protect the great lakes from asian carp is closing  this week   repschneider and i led a bipartisan e…
wow  madoff victims fund hasn t paid out a cent but firm in charge of victims  money has been paid millions  sayfie
let s all take time to express our thanks to the men and women in uniform who protect our families – and honor all…
very proud of haven cofer  haven is one of my appointees to the  navalacademy
rt  georgepbush  my grandmother didn t just live life  she lived it well  and the sorrow of her loss is softened by the knowledge of her i…
it is common sense that the census should ask whether a person is a citizen  american citizens deserve to know how…
rt  vp  grateful for the support of  speakerryan   repkevinbrady & the entire  housegop for passing  potus  historic pro-growth  pro-jobs t…
rt  robertbluey  must-see video   jim_jordan makes a passionate plea to his fellow republicans   we make this so hard  let s just do what w…
my statement on the passing of first lady barbara bush 
tax reform
jobs  jobs  jobs thanks to the tax cutsand jobs act 
rt  gopleader  you deserve the truth  here is why the fisa memo matters ↓
i connected with joey mclaughlin of  wtax yesterday  you can listen to our discussion here 
please note the traffic ban due to the severe winter storm heading through our region  stay safe 
  usatoday   adp  businesses added solid 204k jobs in april 
voted for the hire more heroes act today which will make it easier for vets to find good-paying jobs 
interesting article following our recent  gopoversight hearing with  usgao  we need to give employees within federa…
celebrated constitution day w/  pa06  students & reflected on importance of constitution  which guides our democracy
are you opposed to  senschumer  d-ny  s plan to shut down the federal government because the funding bill does not…
happy independence day to the greatest state in the nation 
tax reform our economy is growing  wages are growing  take home pay is growing    who could be opposed 
we have seen the success of the bay program through clearer water  more oysters and more blue crabs  demonstrating…
the bills that the house  financialcmte has proposed discussing w the senate are wildly bi-partisan and a number ar…
national police week s first major event was a memorial service in 1982  where 120 survivors and supporters of law…
tune in  9 25  chairman  mactxpress is joining  foxnewssunday to talk north korea iran deal & the  fy19ndaa   ndaa 
icymi  here is a great example of the kind of assistance my reno office provides to  nv02  each day  learn more here
reminder  the fema disaster assistance registration deadline has been extended to november 30   fema
rt  repmialove  i m proud of the 37 bipartisan bills the  financialcmte passed this congress--including my bill that makes it easier for …
texas energy providers are taking initiative in reducing the cost of service to consumers because of tax reform
big shifts in china  consolidation of the regime is part of a growing trend towards authoritarianism across the wor…
rt  conservreview  mt  mboyle1 house republicans 2 pressure senate judiciary members 2 oppose loretta lynch nomination
on this international holocaust remembrance day  we remember the 6 million jews killed during wwii & we renew our vo…
rt  westerncaucus  take a look at our list of priorities for the appropriations omnibus package congress is wrapping up  highlights  bett…
do you think  thinkprogress knows that the u s  ambassador to the u n  represents the u s  to the world  not the ot…
for an arkansas family  purchasing a home is one of the most important events  and the last things they want are hi…
rt  whitehouse   sotu  
i m proud to support my friend   repfrenchhill s  important bill to provide meaningful regulatory relief for our co…
honored to start the congressional e-commerce caucus with my colleague  reppeteaguilar  read more here 
join my live interactive event happening from 4 30 - 5 30 pm et  call in by dialing 877-299-5762 at 4 30 pm  or str…
check out my latest in  militarytimes
under this pavement is a new waterline for hoyt street in the city of dunkirk made possible by  hudgov cdbg funding 
if i can laugh at this  i hope you all can too  happy 2017 
kicking off national police week with minnesota fraternal order of police  our nation s law enforcement will always…
i spent part of my day at  rogersstateu seeing 150  middle & high school students fly drones and compete against ot…
a lot of people in our country just don t believe we build anything anymore  they ll say there s no manufacturing l…
we talked about ways we can support our state s paper products industries and fight unfair trade mepolitics
enjoyed today s law enforcement task force hearing and all of the insight provided by our expert witnesses 
rt  stevescalise  hard to believe it s been almost a year since the attack on the congressional baseball game practice  as we honor police…
absolutely right 
today i hosted a meeting with community faith leaders to discuss the federal services available to them and their c…
i was deeply humbled and honored to present mrs  bettie boehringer with the medals her late husband earned serving…
watch live   waysandmeansgop hearing on challenges social security faces when deciding disability benefits 
enjoyed the opportunity to meet with students from  icaeatonrapids this week and talk about civic engagement and th…
i strongly oppose yosemite fee increases and expressed strong objection to  secretaryzinke 
joined dominic adkins today in venedocia memorial park  his eagle scout project was the installation of this 105 mm…
icymi  i spoke with  bloombergtv to discuss the scotus immigration ruling  syria and more  watch here ➡️https //t co/hz39dmfylp
household income still below 2007 level  hearing tomorrow to take a deep dive into the problem   solutions  economy
today marks the beginning of small business week  where we celebrate small businesses who employ more than 75 millio…
  baltimorepolice  police are best served when they work with the communities in a partnership  lt russell police week  bpd  l e task force
rt  gopleader  you deserve the truth  here is why the fisa memo matters ↓
at 10am  the committee will hold a business meeting to assign  repconorlamb to hvac subcommittees  this morning s m…
over 100 years ago  the ottoman empire forcibly deported and killed over 1 million innocent armenians  today we rem…
heroes are everywhere 
these tariffs will also have downstream impacts on other wisconsin goods—from our manufacturers  all the way to bee…
the markup scheduled for 9 a m  this morning will proceed as planned  follow along on our livestream  which will be…
rt  1470wmbd  lahood talks trade and farmers
rt  alzlongisland   alzlongisland is very thankful for your support   reppeteking  too many  longisland families are facing alzheimer s dis…
at the beginning of rosh hashanah  heidi and i extend our best wishes for a happy and healthy new year  l shana tova 
chairman bishop  150 years ago the golden spike united the country  it s time to preserve it  utpol
gabriela did well at the easter egg hunt this afternoon  happy easter he is risen easter sunday
we owe it to our college athletes to build a better system that incentivizes them to finish school  rewards their a…
rt  housegop  ✔ more bonuses ✔ more benefits ✔ more jobs it s true… more is better
i had the privilege of meeting with kate reed  the new president of st  joseph s children s hospital  we discussed…
great meeting at phillipsburg high school this morning where i answered questions from nearly 100 students on issue…
  kirkwood_athletics wins 80-77  great game - two excellent teams  kirkwood moves to 9-0 in league play 
it s a crime to lie to doj/fbi  ppl do it & then get charged for it  should mccabe be held to a lower  same or high…
the individual mandate is one of the many crippling aspects of obamacare  it has got to go  proud to join my collea…
today in salem  i sat down with local women in business  managers  job creators  and employees to hear their concer…
proud to pass legislation that will reform the outdated laws governing sexual harassment in the congressional workp…
started am at  usda  with secretary of agriculture sonny perdue & members house committee on agriculture for recept…
right now ➡️ i m live with  connellmcshane on  foxbusiness  teamcavuto discussing bordersecurity and the iran deal
i joined my colleagues to call for the postponement of the august district work period so congress can continue to…
 realdonaldtrump s peace through strength policies are working  he should be recognized for his work to denucleariz…
spoke w/  kilmeade yesterday on  foxnewsradio about renewed calls for gun control after the recent tragedy in vegas 
happy national poultry day from  ga09   the poultry capital of the world   chickencouncil
great to meet w/ my veterans  advisory committee to discuss issues that affect our active military and veterans w/…
rt  repryancostello  i ve been working w/ colleagues on funding to combat the spotted lanternfly  today  usda announced  17 5 million for p…
rt  hascrepublicans  live   10 - chairman  mactxpress leads hasc hearing on assessing the fy19 budget request & acquisition reform progress…
what issue are you most interested in hearing the president discuss tomorrow night   sotu 
 freedomworks imma put   down that the sponsors of this constitutional amendment voted for the omnibus 
working with the white house and  realdonaldtrump against the forces of  no  in washington to make america great ag…
today the house acted to stop obama admin s last-minute regulatory oppression by passing midnight rules relief act→
immigration should be based on merit   maga 
i m calling on  speakerryan   gopleader  &  stevescalise to include the conscience protection act in the omnibus & a…
yesterday  waste management announced plans to give  2 000 in special bonuses to about 34 000 employees …
h r  5009  jessie s law  as amended  has passed the full cmte by voice vote
it just keeps getting worse     the earliest trains could operate on a partial system…would be 2029  five years lat…
had a productive meeting with  usambcanada kelly craft about improving  nafta  to ensure the best deal for american…
nancy mcfadden was a passionate and admired public servant  i am deeply saddened to learn that her battle with canc…
i m honored to have the opportunity to serve our military and our nation s great veterans  in this new capacity …
pleasure to speak w/  okcchamber this afternoon  discussed farm bill & issues before the financial services cmte 
rt  wrvonews  statement from  repjohnkatko on his yes vote 
i ll be on  bloombergtv in a few minutes to talk about tax reform and american jobs 
⚡️house science weekly wrap-up ⤵️
i ve been all around the district this week  and today i had the opportunity to visit central carolina technical co…
 a wife of noble character who can find  she is worth far more than rubies  her husband has full confidence in her…
thanks to the tax cutsand jobs act  today we celebrate the end of our 32-year-old tax code 
also on this day in history on april 25  1859  ground was broken on the suez canal  shortening the nautical route betw…
rep  sensenbrenner continues his busy week of townhall meetings today starting in waterloo  full schedule at…
trump s top economic advisor is now the excellent  larry_kudlow who will direct our free enterprise economy through…
rt  repshimkus  for 7 years i ve collected stories from my constituents about obamacare  i ve shared many of them in cmte  on the floor &…
it was great to sit down with a  mi11  constituent  troy high graduate  and university pennsylvania student  lena  l…
it s great seeing  sunyjefferson offering a new course to help our student veterans share their experiences and pur…
 jdhattin you can learn more about what s in the bill here  and read the bill and report li…
last week while in iron river i had the chance to tour lake shore systems  inc  to see the work they are doing for…
last night  the house passed the justice served act of 2018 in honor of national police week  a bill which directs f…
national park week starts tomorrow with free admission to all national parks to celebrate  be sure to check out yos…
good to see  exxonmobil joining the growing list of companies bringing investment and jobs back to the u s  since t…
i m asking about best practices when it comes to financial institution security--something of utmost importance to…
rt  aeylon  thank you congressman  warrendavidson for supporting the travel & tourism industry  powerof travel  dch18 
on holocaust remembrance day we recall and honor the memory of millions of jewish and other victims who were preyed…
will be taking more questions from my twitter followers today around 5pm  be sure to use ask bill johnson 
rt  neilwymt  rep  hal rogers among many pushing for safer schools
rt  sbalist    1 5 billion in taxpayer dollars is going to the big abortion industry  abortion is not family planning  abortion is family d…
former first lady barbara bush was a powerful  passionate voice for her family & our country  my thoughts & prayers…

i ll be hosting a  conference call with your congressman  tonight at 6 00 p m  cdt 
rt  conginst   i am encouraged that we continue to have productive discussions about and broaden our understanding of the problems with th…
rt  mariabartiromo  start smart tmrw 6-9am et  morningsmaria  foxbusiness w  dagenmcdowell john negroponte frmr amb to honduras mexico …
rt  airandspace  today in 1959  nasa introduced the first u s  astronauts  the mercury seven  walter m   wally  schirra jr   donald k   dek…
great to meet with the florida chapter of the  awwaace to discuss our shared priority of cleaning our water and upg…
glad to be joined by  raul_labrador   repgoodlatte  and  repmccaul today to discuss their bill to secure the border…
read this week s long s short report about rolling back regulations 
rt  stevescalise  statement from jennifer scalise 
as another u s  election approaches  it s important to keep the pressure on vladimir putin and his thugs  new sanct…
i was proud to work with my  houseagnews committee colleagues to pass the 2018 farm bill out of committee  it is the…
rt  anca_dc  breaking  armenian caucus co-chair rep  dave trott announces - to a sustained standing ovation  at today s capitol hill observ…
on this tax day  let s hear directly from the states on the tax cutsand jobs act  kansas - wichita railway services…
further action is required to ensure we maintain appropriate oversight of the military s response to these often-tr…
america has leverage  and his name is  realdonaldtrump 
for the past 106 years   girlscouts has inspired millions of girls to lead and make the world a better place  happy…
chairman  repmarkwalker   today s vote reaffirms the intrinsic value of all life  the born-alive abortion survivors…
 150 billion ransom paid to release 4 americans  expect more hostages to be taken by terrorist regimes 
very excited about the tax cuts and jobs act  a once-in-a-generation opportunity  learn more  tax reform
 stevescalise welcome back 
rt  ingrahamangle  here s an idea   realdonaldtrump shd tell mcconnell to adopt the goodlatte-labrador bill in the house  ends  doesn t jus…
rt  deptofdefense   i remember everything  all of it     just like it happened yesterday   a pearl harbor survivor recalls his memories fro…
rt  natresources    interior is celebrating national park week with free entrance to all national parks on saturday  april 21  find your par…
rt  househomeland  yesterday  chairman  repmccaul &  househomeland members heard from local  state  and federal officials on lessons learne…
i m live on  wowofortwayne with  wowopatmiller  listen here ➡️
✅ lowest unemployment level since 2000 ✅ jobless claims near a 48-year low ✅ small biz optimism at record highs ✅ b…
today   thecolumbian nailed it when it comes to oregon s tolling scheme  i encourage you to read their editorial 
now  listen to my colleagues  repgosar  repseanduffy  reperikpaulsen and rep  collin peterson on  knsi →
talking to  larryoconnor today at 3 30pm ct on  wmaldc re  secretary of state news and more  tune in 
the tax cutsand jobs act   ✔️lets you & your family keep more of your hard-earned money ✔️makes our economy globally…
women can be our own worst critics and won t commit until we feel we are 100% prepared  that attitude is holding us…
great story in the wsj  while the deficits caused by mandatory spending is concerning  the tax cutsand jobs act is gr…
after already increased prices  double-digit premium increases for obamacare participants coming next year  foxnews
rt  energydepsec  earlier this week i toured our offshore energy infrastructure with  housegop whip  stevescalise and  shell_us  because of…
congressman perry offered the following statement upon learning of the passing of former congressman bill goodling 
i applaud president trump s decision to walk away from the iran nuclear deal  iran needs to be held accountable for…
voting is now open for our annual congressional art competition s  people s choice award   vote here …
considering the true meaning of love and compassion should fundamentally change the way we approach the women and m…
 davidedenden macedonian people must decide how to end their turmoil  i just made suggestion they should follow example of czechs & slovaks
pleased to see this step fwd on banning bump stocks  which i have supported banning since learning more about them…
either way 
thanks to h&h farms in vicksburg for having me out today to discuss ag issues & tour their 3rd generation farm …
rt  rjcormanrr  we were proud to host  repguthrie of ky s 2nd district for a tour of company headquarters this morning  freightrail
rep  sensenbrenner statement on the anniversary of september 11  2001  never forget…
rt  1059knrs  at 4 05p on  rodarquette   repchrisstewart joins rod to discuss the latest news in the north korea saga 
last night  32-year-old cal fire engineer cory iverson selflessly sacrificed his life while battling a fire so that…
south dakota has the highest rate of working moms in the country  these 3 ladies and others like them make life eas…
  repmcsally appeared on  foxnews this morning to discuss tomorrow s  househomeland hearing on  cbp s  33 billion p…
rt  lopezgovlaw  honoring the body of work & legacy of our friend — retiring congresswoman  roslehtinen and irlteam    
from our littlest valentines to yours  happy valentine s day to everyone in  ga12  
letting liu xiaobo out of prison does not mean he is free  china must allow him the freedom to seek medical care i…
we must find a solution to provide daca recipients certainty  while securing our borders  eliminating the visa lott…
thanks for stopping by 
today  and every day  we must remember the heroism and sacrifice of the americans who served in vietnam …
proud to support the stop school violence act to provide our local law enforcement and school officials with the re…
furthermore investigation by special counsel mueller must be permitted to finish & findings made public  i support…
i was on  foxnews   foxandfriends over the weekend to discuss the u s  strike on syria  listen here 
tune in  chairman  repkevinbrady will be live with  varneyco to discuss taxreform and trade 
the tax cuts and jobs act gives low & middle income families  job creators  & the overwhelming majority of constituent…
i pray for the medical staff treating her and i pray that god will comfort her during this time 
happy easter he is risen
video   repannwagner   repandybarr   reppoliquin   reploudermilk  and  reptomemmer share stories of taxcuts making…
momentum continues to build for my new immigration reform bill   realdonaldtrump has praised it   numbersusa has e…
i am happy to announce that i will be hosting another 4 town hall meetings  hope y all can make it to one   tx06 
due to the later than projected start time of the house floor vote series this afternoon  the committee will now co…
thanks for having me this morning  great to be with you 
today sub health held a hearing on the opioid crisis  watch my opening statement 
one smallbiz owner recently told  waysandmeansgop   i need taxreform right now  
always a pleasure to see my friends from humanities nebraska   humanitiesne humanities
my statement on the passage of the tax cuts and jobs act 
more exciting news for ontario airport  great to see the airport add new routes for inland empire travelers as a re…
rt  aarpadvocates  thank you  repdavidyoung for meeting with  aarpiowa  aarp2018 
fy18 national defense authorization act passes the house
happening now  celebrating the legacy of civil rights pioneer barbara johns who  67 years ago this week  led a stud…
as i ve thought about the parkland shooting  it s become clear to me we need to do more to prevent these tragedies …
congratulations to noah for receiving this prestigious award - you are a true hero   3/3 
can t wait to see what this ambitious group of young professionals will accomplish in our community   oh15 
today s sanctions crack down on putin s inner circle & show the kremlin their brazen behavior won t be tolerated  a…
high school students and teachers in  tx25  - the annual congressional art competition has officially begun  click b…
great to join the team at ordnance brewery for a tour of their facility today  because of the reduced federal excis…
thanks to the  mi08  veterans who joined my quarterly veteran advisory board mtg  i m grateful for these conversatio…
rt  socalopinion  heading off terrorism  it s a fight that requires cooperation  guest commentary by  reppaulcook 
rt  houseagnews  the 2018 farm bill provides states options and flexibility to best service  snap  recipients in their states 
i enjoyed visiting the wiregrass museum of art today  it was especially great to talk w/ students from grandview el…
thank you  potus for standing up for national dayof prayer2018  i m proud to stand with our nation s leaders to supp…
my friend rep   cloriabrown will certainly be missed  she was a tireless advocate for her constituents in south cou…
mr  lipps  usda   gopoversight hrg   the employment & training program is about helping people find long-term stabl…
strengthening career and technical education is critical to developing a skilled workforce in michigan  thanks to t…
rt  shazamnetwork  thank you  repdavidyoung for meeting with  iacommunitybank in d c  for  icba capital summit18
firefighters have always been there for our communities  great discussion on how fire stations have continually off…
proud that passage of h r 1865 is having an immediate impact on websites advertising prostitution  several shutting…
more details 
today  14 million u s  jobs are supported by trade with mexico and canada  and 125 000 small and mid-size american…
rt  mariabartiromo  pelosi channels mlk to slam failed balanced budget amendment  reprwilliams  morningsmaria  foxb…
rt  ssnalerts  bill from  repgusbilirakis   usrepkcastor targeting medicare fraud builds momentum on capitol hill 
rt  usoofnc  in just about an hour  more than 300 expecting militaryfamilies will fill this gym to hear a presentation on crib safety and…
🎉new year  new tax code → our bill maintains incentives for charitable giving  helping americans support the causes…
rt  americanewsroom  watch   sandrasmithfox  repseanduffy on president trump talking taxes at an event at the wh
rt  dberrygannett     greggharper tells me there s a lot left to do before the end of his chairmanship of  houseadmngop  he s decided not…
enjoyed discussing the benefits of tax reform at  southwestair in dallas and how we can help bring people off of th…
will talk to  kenmatthews  filling in for rush today  on the  rushlimbaugh show  tune in around 1pm central 
today we celebrate religious freedom day 
rt  usaid  on world malaria day are you ready to beat malaria  we are  read about  pmigov investments to end malaria in our 12th annual report…
rt  usnavy  future u s s gerald ford departs naval station norfolk for acceptance trials -  file pic 
thank you to everyone who came out for our veterans workshop today at the griffin/spalding chamber of commerce  it…
real results for the american people 
pushing forward with the musicmodernizationact bringing it the house floor this wednesday   how congress can right…
wishing the state of  israel a happy and joyful celebration of their 70th anniversary of yom ha atzmaut  israel independence day  israel70
 lwcf  supports 6m jobs  raises  39b in revenue & protects 5 million acres of land  i cosponsored hr 502 this week t…
  potus   for this reason  i am asking the congress to end the dangerous defense sequester and fully fund our great military    sotu 
today is gold star spouses day  honoring the sacrifices of military spouses  gold star spouses day
icymi  i spoke with  onpointradio about rolling back regulations  check it out 
i agree  this is why i introduced the do your job act last year  because in what other job would you grant yourself…
proud to join president trump today  whitehouse as he declared the opioid epidemic a public health emergency …
 ff   jahimes
rt  sbalist  [thread] here s a list of all the u s  senators  u s  reps & pro life orgs calling on president  realdonaldtrump to defund p p…
do you want to pay off some of your student loans  or maybe send your kids to soccer camp  thanks to the…
rt  lkatzenberg    taskandpurpose reports that air force technical sgt  john chapman will be posthumously awarded the medal of honor  he s…
rt  foxandfriends  rep   mikekellypa on clash with rep  maxine waters  arguing on the house floor about white versus non-white and man vers…
happening this morning  the rail subcommittee will hold a hearing to examine the stb reauthorization act of 2018 li…
the economic development subcommittee will explore lessons learned from the devastating 2017 wildfires on tuesday …
rt  namiadvocacy  thank you  rep   tomcoleok04 for being a mental health champion   namiok
small business optimism is at an all time high thanks to tax reform  main street businesses in north texas and all…
rt  replynnjenkins  more good news on tax reform right here in kansas
rt  cbsnews   it s just common sense if you do what s in the best interest of the u s  to allow the daca students to stay in the u s  and e…
idf destroys 9th hamas tunnel in less than a year  marking why u s  security cooperation with israel continues to b…
last night  the u s  senate passed legislation i introduced to rename the chillicothe u s  post office in honor of…
rt  greglarsonwdoe  during a conference call today   reptomreed discussed topics such as the opioid crisis and school shootings 
i d like to thank  repjimmygomez for his work on the  great  act  together  we can make our government more transpar…
happy halloween  trick-or-treating safety tips from kentucky state police 
they don t call him the secretary of offense for nothing 
rt  waysandmeansgop  today at 1 15pm the full w&m committee will hold a markup of fy19 federal budget views and estimates letter  detailing…
today  i questioned  deptvetaffairs secretary robert mcdonald on va budget shortfall  real reform must accompany any bailout of va 
 koconews covered waste watch no  7 yesterday 
 seong-ho s story is a testament to the yearning of every human soul to live in freedom    potus  sotu 
happening now  french president  emmanuelmacron is addressing a joint meeting of congress  tune in to watch it live 
rt  childrensatl  thank you to the georgia congressional members who sent staffers to scottish rite for our congressional staff day 
✅ regulatory relief ✅ tax reform what else can we do to help industry grow and people succeed   virginiafoxx has t…
i had a great time discussing the constitution with the kids of south ocala elementary school today  principle step…
last week  i joined agriculture leaders from the area to get an up close look on how arizona farmers are using tech…
this is going to make a big difference for everyday americans 
this saturday  4/29 - north texas us service academies forum  hs & middle school students & parents welcome  8a-12p…
press enterprise editorial  with every passing day  the california bullet train can only make sense if you re makin…
there are 1 2 million employees in indiana who work for small businesses  because of  potus s tax cuts  small busin…
rt  jdprose  new   keithrothfus statement on paul ryan 
i added a video to a  youtube playlist obama s agreement with iran -- a big mistake
hopi tribe chairman tim nuvangyaoma  i cannot stress enough the severity of the financial consequences for my trib…
happy national agriculture day  secretary perdue just introduced vp mike pence  bill northey finally in dc & in fro…
great news  my bipartisan bill to help severely disabled vets  by expanding access to adult day health care  just p…
about to join  ingrahamangle on  foxnews- tune in 
rt  stevescalise  the fact that  reptrentkelly and all of us on that ball field last june survived  is a testament to the power of god and…
to rebuild trust  we need to hold facebook and other companies accountable by demanding they live up to the values…
 the bonneville power administration argued in u s  district court that in a typical spring  the lost generation [d…
great seeing students from spartanburg day school and bob jones academy in dc this week  not pictured …
thank you for your support  uschamber 
the heinous crime of human trafficking is far too prevalent  and i m pleased that  potus signed the allow states an…
good news  today is the last day of our broken tax code  thanks to the tax cutsand jobs act families in minnesota and…
add  mcdonalds to the list on companies expanding benefits as a result of taxreform 🍟  almost 500 companies now  
📱i m proud to join  repannaeshoo to introduce the national non-emergency mobile number act  this commonsense …
rt  househomeland    potus   for decades  open borders have allowed drugs and gangs to pour into our most vulnerable communities    sotu 
to say this is an honor is an understatement  my humblest thank you to the vietnam veterans of america texas state…
joined spectrum news today to talk about a host of issues including the economy  cybersecurity  opioids  and workfo…
read how one of our national labs  livermore_lab is developing a new generation of stem leaders→
i had a wonderful evening with my beautiful valentine  my wife karen 
rt  housegop    reptrey  the impacts of tax reform don t stop at the door of one person or business    more jobs are created  more innovati…
enjoyed meeting the ne alabama indivisible group  even though we may disagree on some issues  we all want to make…
rt  vp  during my meeting w/ venezuelan opposition leaders  i announced critical assistance to support venezuelans forced to flee their hom…
there is good news for americans this tax day  chairman  repkevinbrady and majority whip  stevescalise explain ⬇️
serving as a member of the united states house of representatives has been the highest privilege and honor of my li…
met with  alzgreatermo members today in sedalia to discuss the importance of finding a cure so we can  endalz 
graves on why he voted against the budget deal  via  youtube
this week  we approved 15 bills on a wide range of topics including reg relief for community financial institution…
sex trafficking is an appalling criminal enterprise  closing the paths and punishing the perpetrators is the only w…
congratulations and happy valentine s day to lucas and katie  while you might not have something this special in…
i have said time and again that america should be the best place in the world to do business  last night  i voted t…
posey awards congressional medal of merit to local high school students
pleased that the application by va  has been selected for the unmanned aircraft system integration pilot program -1…
america is back  it s an exciting time in local communities throughout georgia & all over the nation  gapol
🔜 hearing led by  repscottperry to examine how  dhsgov can improve contractor employee vetting  watch live here …
tune in as the full committee examines  deptvetaffairs caregiver program at this morning s hearing 
rt  halostrow  thx  repfredupton  rephuizenga  rep  justinamash  and  sensasse for a fantastic day of lobbying & teaching today - and watch…
great to chat with forest lake hs students who participated in the  sifmafoundation capitol hill challenge  these im…
 fy19ndaa  readiness subcommittee en bloc amendment package number one passes 
i believe it is the constitutional responsibility of congress to address the daca issue 
rt  njaudubon   replobiondo did it—helped wildlife—again by co-sponsoring the recovering america s wildlife act  if passed  nj s funding4 w…
happy national siblings day from the smucker brothers  it s a joy to host 6 of my 11 siblings in dc today 
rt  waysandmeansgop  listen in live  chairman  repkevinbrady is talking with brian kilmeade on  foxnewsradio at 10am about how we are helpi…
had a great town hall with  tx08  teachers and administrators last night  their insight into how to secure our schoo…
thank you to the captains for clean water for your vital work to clean up our estuaries and for stopping by to talk…
today is the last day texans will have to deal with our old  broken tax code  after the tax cuts and jobs act was p…
it was an honor to attend heritage sunday at saint smyrna baptist church in newnan this weekend to celebrate…
 2/2  voted today to stop obama from transferring gitmo detainees 
there s still time to apply for a fall internship in my dc office  applications are due 8/7
rt  theaward   the emphasis on four diverse program areas is intended to mold a well-rounded youth   congressman  kencalvert presents truly…
 lvtrumpsh8 within 60 days i will hold a telephonic town hall in which more will participate with less chance for disrupters to interfere
rt  vp  while servicemembers enlist  it s families that reenlist  we have the finest & strongest military in the history of the world becau…
rt  denveropinion    repmikecoffman writes it s time for president trump to say  you re fired  to va secretary shulkin
great to join the nc association of county commissioners breakfast this morning   nc10  has commissioners from…
as co-chair of the house adult literacy caucus  it was a honor to give remarks at our meeting this week  thank you …
amazing lifestart village in  midvalecity helps women in bad situations move beyond abuse w/life skills parenting s…
rt  reparrington  back in the chair this morning to seek solutions that better support our veterans 
rt  frates  happening now  i talk to  repseanduffy about his pick to replace house speaker paul ryan  why he supports trump and the real po…
icymi  i wrote on  medium about the work we ve done in congress to support our north country dairy farmers  and the…
it was such a blessing to speak with 8th graders from christ lutheran school this afternoon and share with them som…
rt  wyandottedaily  yoder to introduce bill to name quindaro town site a national historic landmark
this week i want to ask you guys about congressional reform and other efforts to  drain the swamp   watch below for…
i will miss  speakerryan  especially our policy discussions  but i fully understand his reasons for retiring and ha…
 wages have not increased fast enough to keep up w/ cost of housing    thetvanhook  habitattucson g o p working4 women
rt  housejudiciary  chairman  repgoodlatte responds to the ig s investigation into potential abuses of the foreign intelligence surveillanc…
voted for the water resources development act of 2016 today  read my full statement here 
thornberry statement on blm s admission of error in red river surveys
great to meet up with you today  kelliemeyernews to highlight seth s visit as part of take your child to work day  seth…
 thanksusa is offering great scholarship opportunities for children and spouses of our brave military members 
as a longtime friend & supporter  i appreciated the opportunity to visit with ambassador to the united nations…
my national security fellow  bionikmatt5 will be on  foxandfriends at 7 50 to talk about his experience at the…
 poppyloushop anyone can arrogantly claim 2 be voice of my constituents  that s why we have elections  the decision was made & u lost
a great tribute to father joseph lafleur from  theadvertiser  la05 
rt  reproybalallard  breaking  my gop colleagues  repjeffdenham &  repdavidvaladao have joined as cosponsors of my dream act  i welcome all…
talking about north korea and the swamp on  foxbusiness in a few minutes- tune in 
words that describe our old tax code   old  outdated  burdensome  confusing those have gone out the window along w…
rt  indianarla  look forward to working with house ways & means member  repwalorski on restaurant depreciation restaurants2018 🇺🇸
it was an honor to meet the real life heroes  alekskarlatos & spencer stone from 1517 to paris  tonight  whitehouse…
rt  rvpromagazine  indiana rep  walorski pens letter to trump on aluminum tariffs  mentions how one company s expansion was suspended 
great news  walmart has announced they will raise hourly wages and provide bonuses to their employees all thanks to…
as usual another bullseye  making team shuster look good  👌
toured act construction equipment in winston-salem last week 
rt  reprwilliams  tune in   9am ct ↓
please keep matt  fellow michigander and oakland county native  in your prayers 
it was an honor to serve as an official teller during today s joint session of congress to count electoral votes for potus 
an honor to receive the 2018 spirit of enterprise award from the  uschamber  amazing to see the progress we ve made…
barry wood and gerald dennis from the  americanlegion met with rep   justinamash and our staff in february to discu…
 cfpb if  cfpb is going to regulate  it needs to do so with appropriate data  unfortunately   senwarren &…
i will be voting tonight to support funding for community health centers  where millions of americans get care  inc…
good to see raleigh ranks as one of the best cities in the u s  for military veterans 
today  my house republican colleagues and i kept our promise to the american people by passing the…
this morning  french president emmanuel macron will address a joint meeting of congress  to watch along  click here…
thank you for your service 🙏🏻🇺🇸
rt  repjohncurtis  small businesses aren t just the backbone of utah  they play a role in our everyday lives  for this small business week…
 one highlight of the trump admin s plan that will benefit states like  ok  is that 25% of the direct federal fundin…
rt  houseagnews  the 2018 farm bill makes key provisions to support our troops  s n a pmatters
sarah from coppell  bottom right  got a treat yesterday while touring the  uscapitol  my friend and fomer colleague…
did you know  in today s society fewer americans are smoking and lung cancer rates are declining  yet the disease r…
watch live now 📺 subcommittee hearing on osha
the military construction  va subcommittee will mark up its fy19 appropriations bill tomorrow at 9 am  learn more a…
joining  newsguy760 at 3 05pm to talk taxreform ahead of tomorrow s vote  tune in 
want to learn more about how tax reform is helping you  text  tax reform  to 50589
join me at 4 05 on  afterthebell to talk about the landscape in washington this week   foxbusiness
we have another busy week ahead of us in the house  take a look at what we will be voting on here 
congress has long maintained that jerusalem is the capital of israel  and i applaud  realdonaldtrump for again keep…
thanks to our tax cuts and jobs act  small businesses are increasing benefits for employees  investing more in the eco…
rt  foxnews    repleezeldin   [president  realdonaldtrump] is able to do potentially what past presidents weren t able to do  he would actu…
the proposal blocked by senate democrats last night funded  chip  for 6 years at the biggest funding levels  ever  o…
u s  confirms two more freed gitmo inmates rejoined militant groups via  thefiscaltimes
today  we advanced legislation that made significant improvements to the choice program  empowering veterans with t…
started off the week with a coffee hour in manchester  thanks to everyone who joined us today to discuss growing pa…
pleased to see that  potus signed  hr1865  into law today  this critically important bill will help put a stop to on…
i fully support and applaud the president for his swift and decisive action against bashar assad and the syrian reg…
heidi and i wish everyone a wonderful thanksgiving holiday  as we sit down at the table with friends and family le…
it s official  obama paid ransom money to iran—a state sponsor of terrorism  we demand answers iran ransom read more
since the beginning of 2018  i ve held 16 town halls  one in each county of the third district  holding these help…
thank you to roll call for covering our office s efforts to expand access to cochlear implants and other hearing de…
happening now  on my way to the house floor to vote on the stop school violence act  stay tune for a presser shortly after votes    
during national nurses week  take the time to extend a special thanks to your nurses  they provide the highest leve…
the bipartisan stop school violence act will help make our schools safer so our students can focus on learning 
i ve never been more concerned abt the tenor of political debate in america & how we treat each other  must unite for peace charlottesville
rt  kytv  this just in  springfield runner finishes top 10 in boston marathon 
the memo is out - and it needs to be  it certainly seems that obama justice dept officials let political bias influe…
rt  repjohncurtis  the tax cuts and jobs act is a game-changer for every day american families 
on this day in 2005  the  airbus a380  the world s largest passenger airliner   made its 1st flight  aviation
a russian govt  that has shown it is working to undermine our democracy & our alliances across the globe   7/7 
 drive by  lawsuits in too many cases do not lead to ada compliance – they lead to costly demand settlements or bus…
the work lydia contributed to the underground railroad - and the abolition movement at large - is reflective of the…
rt  district271  great story about  jfkeagles students  pen pal project 
beginning with a proclamation by president john f  kennedy and followed by a joint resolution from congress in 1962…
chairman  repmccaul applauds  potus and  dhsgov s deployment of the national guard to the southern border …
every day  brave men and women put on their uniform and go to work protecting our communities  they live with the k…
kudos to  flgovscott and the florida legislature for taking action against the opioid epidemic  more than 64 000…
dee dee and i are wishing everyone a very happy easter as you celebrate this sacred day with your family and loved…
joining channel 10-san diego at 8 00 am  pst  to discuss north korea  see you soon 
 yourfriendjoey why are you dragging the clinton foundation into this  sassywithmassie
my first read of the day   republicans call for doj investigation into comey  clinton  lynch  strzok and page  
we voted last night to remove unnecessary bureaucratic red tape for terminally ill patients and their families  thi…
rt  iiicorps_cg    reprwilliams &  judgecarter s visit to baghdad concluded with a discussion with service members from i i i corps and  cjtf…
rt  sam_granville  tonight on  bbcworld news america with  lauratrevelyan    repbuddycarter reacts to facebook ceo mark zuckerberg s secon…
passed  the most comprehensive overhaul of the  irs  in 20 years  ✅tax payer first act  hr5444  ✅21st century irs a…
i am heartbroken by the horrific tragedy at the veterans home in yountville  my prayers are with the victims & thei…
good to see  cantonchambr &  scorementors working together to launch  business owner forums  for small businesses 
spoke on  housefloor about the great work  casafamiliainc does providing affordable housing  vocational training  …
excited to see  govwalker taking advantage of a provision in the tax reform bill that allows for the creation of ec…
congratulations to my dear friend and fellow co-chair of the fl delegation  rephastingsfl for 25 incredible years o…
rt  houseagnews    austinscottga08  the question is—how do we help give people a path off gov t programs  the more people work  the more th…
this morning  i joined  nbcuniversal for the grand opening of  telemundo s state of the art telemundo center  allow…
 scontrerasgcs  gcschoolsnc thank you for your strong leadership during this crisis 
my office is following the crash of a puerto rico air national guard c-130 aircraft near savannah  ga   and our tho…
my full statement on working in a bipartisan way to keep our kids safe  mepolitics
rt  hascrepublicans  chairman  mactxpress & hasc republican members to host a press conference on the budget agreement - 4 15 pm - studio a…
it is always great to bring families from across  ca45  together in  dc   today  i welcomed the bayles family from si…
rt  housegop  rt to agree → 4 million workers getting bonuses is hardly armageddon 
rt  flprism  grateful for the opportunity to update  reptomreed on the strides we re making to protect our finger lakes  coffeewiththe cong…
my heart goes out to the two helicopter pilots who lost their lives at fort campbell  our servicemen and women put…
 richardrubindc well  at least the corners of the room are 90 degrees    math pun
today i had the opportunity to speak at the d a r e  graduation at the…
truly humbled to be the recipient of  usafmc s inaugural problem solvers award  i began my 1st term in washington c…
happy mother s day to all of the moms who are raising our next generation  we thank you for your sacrifices and unc…
god bless albuquerque police officer ryan holets and his wife rebecca  who adopted the child of a homeless  pregnan…
rt  cnbc  manufacturing ceo survey shows record high optimism on prospect of tax reform
what a winter it has been - missouri is iced over  everyone stay safe out there  winter storm hunter
i d say traveling to north korea to secure the release of 3 american prisoners of north korea is a good thing…
will be on the 📻 with  wiod s  jimmycefalo shortly to discuss the discharge petition i filed yesterday to move forw…
rt  foxbusiness    replouiegohmert on  comey   it s just laughable to hear him talk about about character  
friday s crime hearing has been postponed until further notice 
chairmen  repgoodlatte and  tgowdysc release key takeaways from the parkland shooting after a meeting with fbi depu…
i m in studio at  fox26houston with  tomzizkafox26 to talk about how tax reform works for texans and texas business…
we had a lively and productive nebraska breakfast this morning with  senatorfischer   sensasse   repdonbacon …
i can t overstate the importance of our community health centers  the care that t x23 s 38 chcs provide is vital fo…
rt  rephartzler  to wrap up small business week  jay and stephanie rehagen  owners of second generation family business dan s rv sales in w…
rt  govricketts  thanks to the tax cuts and jobs act  20 communities across nebraska now have another tool to help attract new investment and…
indian river shelters - not open yet  check their status at
touring the  utarlington nursing school s smart hospital this afternoon  very innovative education for nursing stud…
did you know that a typical middle income family in texas will see a  2 185 tax cut as a result of the…
 obamacare is anything but affordable and the cost is falling on the backs of hard-working americans 
rt  waysandmeansgop  we re working hard to create a fairer  simpler tax code so americans can keep more of their hard-earned money & bring…
rt  lickinghealth  thank to  pattiberi for speaking about the  newarkohpolice nari program at the international oberdose awareness day rall…
rt  natresources  one of the major conservative victories of the tax cutsand jobs act opens up part of  anwr  for responsible energy productio…
proud to attend  kunews chancellor girod s inauguration today in lawrence  always great to be back at my alma mater…
i don t think anyone appreciates sunshine & blue sky as much as us in the pnw  with the start of the warm weather …
whether you re in  tx22  or a galaxy far  far away  may the4th be with you 
i spoke about the e-verify program and other immigration policy reforms on  fullmeasurenews with  sharylattkisson -…
i welcome fellow alabamian and  thejusticedept attorney general jeff sessions  testimony today  tune in 
rt  nature_wonks   i m not sure i ve ever seen a bill passed congress that had such broad bipartisan support    mikecrapo says about the  f… 
rt  jslovegrove  15 house dems voted in favor of  mactxpress s bill to protect private landowners along red river  11 are from texas -- the…
rt  usmc  73 years ago today  marines on iwo jima raised the flag atop mount suribachi  semper fidelis 
 otd  in 1931  the  star-spangled banner  was designated as our nation s national anthem  read about it here 
tonight  i voted  yea  for the right to try act  read my statement here 
g a09 s sgt  joseph britte of the  cogpolice protected our community for more than 20 years  and i had the opportun…
other common threats our countries share  structural deficits due to non-competitive tax codes  slow economic growt…
honored to have spoken to the  fedamerhospital conference about how medical professionals  all levels of government…
i ll continue supporting our farmers and working with stakeholders on the ground to resolve these extremely importa…
great turnout at this morning s service academy day in charlotte  i m so proud of these young men and women who wan…
 1 5 billion in bonuses    and counting  tax cutsand jobs act
rt  mzaandco    repjasonlewis more laws don t necessarily make us safer  working on a bipartisan juvenile justice reform bill in  ushouseof…
rt  waysandmeansgop  chairman brady joined  teamcavuto to talk about the importance of trade to keep our economy growing ➡️  we want to bui…
icymi  rep  marino votes to protect pennsylvania industry
reminder that congressional art competition deadline is at 5pm this monday  april 16  looking forward to seeing wha…
 bobbyjoe1974 like this 
rt  teamcavuto  house ways & means committee chairman to neil  we should be looking everyday at how we can make our tax code more family fr…
miller welcomes new & returning gop members of the committee on house administration for 114th congress
  interior kicks off national park week with free entrance to all national parks tomorrow  saturday  april 21 …
in this week s farm bill friday   reptrey visits  poehamps farm and emphasizes the importance of getting a farm bil…
it was a beautiful morning with my friends at the national day of prayer prayer breakfast hosted by leadership rowl…
moving the american embassy to jerusalem is long overdue 
today is day 3 of the schumer shutdown   senatedems are still holding our government funding hostage  but all of m…
today i welcomed  secretarysonny of  usda to guin  al where we discussed how important agriculture industries are t…
president trump will be delivering his first state of the union address tomorrow evening  to join me in the excitem…
live now  sub d c c p convenes hearing titled  do not call  combating robocalls and caller id spoofing  &gt &gt 
i m very proud to release my annual report for 2017 for all  pa03  constituents to read & share with family & friend…
 readytorelax
 tbt  to small business saturday this past november in chagrin falls  it was great visiting local businesses with the…
i made a commitment to my constituents that i would work to break washington s addiction to spending  that s why i…
  msnbc enters crazy territory with  jheil suggesting  devinnunes is a secret agent for russia  tin foil hats for all my friends 
some great news from the associated press  tax bill beginning to deliver bigger paychecks to workers 
the american people deserve answers about clinton  mueller  and the fusion gps dossier  it s time for attorney gene…
a short bit ago the house passed a continuing resolution  cr  to keep the government open over the next month throu…
the most important role of our government is to protect and preserve the rights and liberties of americans  today …
thanks to the tax cuts and jobs act of 2017  opportunity zones provide tax incentives for private investment in low…
rt  aahoa  this morning  aahoa vice chair  jagrutiwps is testifying about the state of travel and the hotel industry before the  housesmall…
on this holocaust remembrance day  we remember the millions of innocent men  women  & children who were victims of n…
 c_culper  joebobmr both dems and gop subverted origination clause before obamacare and continue to subvert it  it s sad 
please be safe this weekend as our region continues to deal with flooding in many areas 
rt  ivankatrump   charter s workforce is key to the success of our company  our commitment to pay every employee at least a  15 per hour in…
i want to thank the  ctylakeelsinore council for standing up for the safety of our neighborhoods and allowing local…
rt  rachellmillard  great hearing from texas  nationalffa state vp colton snedecker at today s listening session  houseaglistens
rt  housecommerce  icymi  sub d c c p examines efforts to combat robocalls &gt &gt 
i am monitoring the situation and encourage everyone to follow  oronoschools and  policeorono for latest updates
great visit to precision clinical laboratory  a local small business who has been servicing community since 2016  s…
like i told facebook s mark zuckerberg at today s  housecommerce hearing  it seems like there s still a challenge w…
israel is one of america s strongest allies & it was my pleasure to visit w/ our us ambassador to israel  david fr…
my op-ed in today s  postandcourier   
rt  realdonaldtrump  we are delivering historic tax relief for the american people  tax cutsand jobs act
as a member of the great lakes task force  i ve been a strong advocate for the glri  which made this possible 
i am truly saddened to hear the news of bucky s passing  he was an honorable man who will be remembered as a champi…
my statement on  speakerryan 
happy san jacinto day  on this day in 1836  texas forces won the battle of san jacinto  concluding the texas revolu…
for the seventh year in a row  i have saved taxpayer dollars allotted to run my congressional office  bringing the…
horrific to see another attack on law enforcement in our backyard  join me in praying for these four officers as th…
americans feel this loss in their wallets every single day  we need a better way to fix our economy  via  markets
human trafficking is a devastating crime  and it s incredibly important to me end it  i m proud to push for progres…
yesterday during my tour of the montrose regional airport  i learned all about daily operations and had great discu…
strong free trade policies are important for the central valley agricultural industry  ca21  agriculture
holocaust remembrance day &every day we remember 11m ppl including 6m jews murdered during humanity s darkest days
rt  dcexaminer  trey gowdy demands opioid strategy from office of national drug control policy
distributors shipped hundreds of millions of pills into wv  bad doctors and pharmacies running pill mills are being…
 moonex looking forward to it 
pleasure to meet with  aarp and  aarpfl today on protecting social security  medicare and other programs important…
rt  repstefanik  at yesterday s  hascrepublicans subcommittee on readiness hearing  i asked our witnesses about the impact of our nation s…
i could not vote for a budget that eliminated the ability of nj families to deduct state and local taxes  — l l 
not only is today the last day to file your taxes  it is the last day you will file under the 32-year-old tax code …
californians need tax relief too  today i wrote imploring members of the tax conference committee to restore the st…
as congress prepares to vote on the upcoming farm bill  i recently hosted a meeting with my agricultural advisory c…
 safesocializinn  epascottpruitt  kencalvert  epa  congmikesimpson  tomcoleok04  repdavejoyce  repchrisstewart…
rt  ledgeking    repbrianmast was one of several fl lawmakers to vote against the  1 3 trillion spending bill that passed the house thursda…
live  seapower & projection forces  fy19ndaa  markup - led by chairman  robwittman watch at 1 30 pm here 
yesterday  i spoke at the supreme court in defense of religious liberty  listen here  justicefor jack…
proud to cosponsor  reptrey s p o l i c e act to promote public safety by ensuring officers  ability to respond in the t…
rt  missprice220  hey  check out my students and their news debut  purple team rocks go mounts
rt  femaregion6  🐶🐱 pets need an emergency supply kit too  view what items should go in it  pet preparedness get re…
high school students  families  teachers and parents living in florida - or anywhere else - should never have to have this experience 
great to see you today 
chairman  drphilroe urges minority leader pelosi to support bipartisan  bicameral agreement on  deptvetaffairs refo…
rt  oktag_26  had a great week in dc visiting with our oklahoma delegation  appreciate all of them taking time to discuss relevant oklahoma…
it was a privilege to take part in the white house made in america roundtable to support products made here at home 
w/ passage of our tax bill  americans can keep more of what they earn  but some politicians are now upset because t…
assad  and countries like iran and russia  which continue to support this mad man  must know the days of america s inaction are over 
students from st  paul lutheran school in fort wayne stopped by the u s  capitol today and i caught up with them be…
 hrintuitive we have just completed the discussion cycle  it is called the election  now is the time to implement what decided in election
griffith announces u s  service academy nominations
rt  repdrewferguson  wishing a wonderful teacher appreciation day to the talented educators across  ga03  who are committed to educating futu…
today at 10 00 am  the committee will kick off its hearing series with  uscbo  a vital and nonpartisan congressiona…
rt  ebyernacd  thanks to  congressmanhice for meeting with  nacd_rd members this afternoon  n a c d re a c t
 govabbott gave an update on hurricane harvey relief & funding at the rockport chamber lunch this afternoon  last w…
rt  redcross  dozens of shelters are opening along the path of hurricane harvey  to find a location  visit 
stuart residents— due to a backup generator failure  the city of stuart has issued a boil water notice  as a precau…
i strongly support israel  and i m proud that so many in south dakota do as well  🇮🇱🇺🇸 thanks to aipac for stoppin…
using innovative telehealth tech to connect patients w/ remote emergency physicians can reduce expensive hospital v…
today  i m taking part in the 45th annual marchfor life  joining the hundreds of thousands of mothers  fathers  bro…
barbara bush was a lady through and through with a quick wit to match  her humor  kindness and spirit will be dearl…
january 11th is international human trafficking awareness day  all it takes is one person to notice what is going o…
it s national police week  a time to honor & thank the men and women in blue who put their lives on the line to prot…
if a heartbeat is detected  the baby is protected  iowa senate has passed the heartbeat bill that ends abortion for…
today  i voted with  realdonaldtrump and secretary mattis to keep america safe and secure  we passed a bill to rebu…
thank you  reperikpaulsen for speaking to support action on  daca 
correction  tune in to kusi  channel 51  at 7 30 am  discussing many important topics this morning 
good piece by  dr_inserra in  dailysignal on why we need to legalize certain active cyber defense capabilities to e…
i m proud to sponsor h res  77 - establishing an academic competition in  stem  fields among students in u s 
the john fornetti dental center did some great work last month by offering free dental care to 42 veterans  veterans
the senate should quickly confirm  potus  realdonaldtrump s  noaa administrator nominee barry myers
calling  jackpattietalks on  wvlk to discuss the latest good news from the tax cutsand jobs act  check your paycheck …
read this article    then laugh at the irony that i m tweeting it to you 
joining  reppeteolson and  reprokhanna to discuss tech policy and the  selfdrive  act this morning at  bgov…
what a great story   hurdonthehill  loving all the optimism we re seeing from smallbusinesses thanks to taxreform 
rt  housegop  our economy is thriving in ways we have not seen in years thanks to our pro-growth policies that are focused solely on improv…
read  full letter to secretary of defense mattis urging support for the dod to select the fort custer training cent…
it has been a long time coming -- but we ve finally delivered historic tax relief to the american people & we re al…
icymi  the irs is giving taxpayers an extra day to file due to computer glitches via  cnnmoney
collins stands with the families of flight 3407 on 9th anniversary -
this morning  i participated in an armed services hearing examining security challenges in  usafricacommand  i m es…
appreciate  potus s commitment to rebuilding our military  it is crucial for our men and women in uniform to have…
rt  freedomworks  the penny plan is a chance to balance the budget and rein in out-of-control spending  tell your representative/senator to…
lorenzo bates  speaker of the navajo nation council   the long-term continuation of the power plant and mine will c…
i fully support  philbryantms selection of cindy hyde-smith to be our next united states senator  read my statement…
rt  housejudiciary  the constitution is clear  every american has the right to express his or her views and religious beliefs  we are bles…
house passes legislation to repeal ipab board
happy mothers day
i m urging the census bureau to notify towns about canvassing activity  this issue was brought to the my attention…
 thefix if he is totally wrong if he claims gop doesn t want to take steps like demanding photo id  to prevent voter fraud
rt  repjenniffer  nothing beats the aroma and the flavor of puerto rican coffee freshly brewed by an expert  the view of nature from a balc…
  susannasilvan thanks for your question  check out ask buddy
rt  repandybarr  it was a pleasure to meet with local bourbon county business leaders at  hartfieldandco this afternoon for a tax reform ro…
rt  lpvrop  join us in celebrating the bestof2017 🇺🇸 repedroyce visits rop programs at  losaltoshs 
richard valdez from  davcalifornia stopped in to discuss improving veteran services and access to benefits 
rt  latimes  track the key details on southern california s fires
chairing the terrorism  nonproliferation and trade subcommittee hearing on grading counterterrorism cooperation wit…
goodbye to the days when taxpayers had to live under a burdensome tax code that did not work for them  and hello to…
tax reform stories from  in09  → hoosier families and businesses across indiana s ninth congressional district have…
i applaud  potus action on addressing the nation s opioidepidemic  this is a national emergency that must be dealt…
happy 70th anniversary to america s dear friend and ally  israel  our nation stands with you and wishes you a happy…
i believe the american people deserve transparency  which is why i support president trump s decision to…
recently  my good friend  former u s  rep  and nebraska governor charley thone  passed away  i wanted to commemorat…
sorry i missed you this time 
thank you to all the men and women in uniform who protect and serve our communities each day  happy national…
snow arrived in the gorge last night  maybe a white christmas 
rt  jessicadomel    mactxpress s bill would end dispute over red river land   via  amarilloglobe  privatepropertyr…
good work by  fbi and local law enforcement in making arrests in this horrific situation  the  fbi has attacked chi…
i join everyone across maine today in praying for corporal cole and his family and thanking him for protecting our families and communities
today s the house voted to fulfill  potus  commitments & help rebuild the u s  military  give our troops a raise  i…
if you live in the bull shoals area  stop by on wendesday to my mobile office and visit with my staff …
enjoyed meeting w/ kentucky  cufi today  israel is our strongest ally and friend in the middle east 
rt  fdrlst    jim_jordan and  senmikelee have a plan to prevent another disastrous spending bill from happening again 
rt  houseappropsgop  the house has approved the fy18 omnibus on a vote of 256-167  this is great news for our armed forces and for our coun…
because our hard working teachers spend so much of their own money to provide daily necessities for their students …
reason one  it lowers the tax rates for all americans 
great to join the bend band of brothers for their weekly breakfast at jake s diner this morning  and provide an upd…
last night   realdonaldtrump honored a true american hero  we knew that staff sergeant justin peck was an extraordi…
tune in now for the inaugural bipartisan congressional dialogue at the u s  institute of peace 
thanks to members of the  michfarmbureau for stopping by to discuss ag issues and the farm bill 
 sscjocoks   sscjocoks  you serve on the federal and state affairs committee  but have never bothered to reach out…
rt  taxreformer  460 examples of taxreform good news – raises  bonuses  expansions  401k hikes
thank you to the nebraska state patrol and other first responders for your critical work during this week s dust st…
on this day in 1743  our third president  thomas jefferson was born  a fun fact about thomas jefferson  he was an a…
beach erosion is threatening many homes on puget island & cape horn  ty to the residents & county commissioners who…
may is military appreciation month  we honor those who have served our country and their family members  join me in…
community health centers are vitally important to many of our communities  it was a pleasure to visit today with st…
rt  amarillochamber  what regulations negatively affect your business   mactxpress wants to know  email and voice concerns to
rt  foxbusiness    repdougcollins on potential phase 2 of tax cuts   now we are starting to get to some of the fine tuning pieces that allo…
  pharmacistsrx ask buddy
it was great to meet you too  kylekashuv  you re doing amazing work  we need your voice and the voices of other stu…
u s  held  400 million until iran freed prisoners  aka - ransom via  wsj
chairman walker in  dcexaminer  fix our broken immigration system without giving in to amnesty 3 promises in3 months repeal reform secure
thanks for stopping by today 
bill clinton calls obamacare  craziest thing in the world   yep—look at this crazy mess  we have a plan to repeal…
rt  repbyrne  i joined  repmarkwalker and other  republicanstudy members in calling for the repeal of the individual mandate in the final …
today s markup is in the house armed services hearing room due to water damage to the committee s main hearing room…
rt  brithume  there is none so blind    the overwhelming majority of republicans in both houses voted to fund the government  in the senate…
rt  repdonbacon  putin s russia is a clear threat  this is not a partisan issue  congress and dod are taking decisive steps to deter russia…
our favorite tennessee restaurants couldn t do it without the foodservice distributors working around the clock to…
honored to recognize  isd742 superintendent willie jett for receiving the minn s p r a leadership in communication awa…
reminder that  bobbyscott and i are working hard with my friend  chuckgrassley to get juvenile justice reform passe…
we ve been working hard to bring choice  stability  and innovation back into health care to help increase access an…
the white house has released a statement of administrative policy for the bill pending before the senate  if passed…
in 2015  392 arkansans lost their lives to drug overdose  we re losing our friends  classmates  and family members…
rt  drphilroe  did you know  thanks to tax reform   4 billion in bonuses have been given to hard-working americans across the country  the…
terrific conversation w sal panico  a bethpage resident & korean war era vet  who stopped by my office to say hello…
sumter co opened a pet friendly shelter at the sumter county fairgrounds  for details call 352-569-3190 or visit
rt  nwshouston  5-6 inch per hour rain rates for the southern portion of the line now  impacting portions of galveston and brazoria countie…
thank you to mount vernon kiwanis for the invitation to address the club yesterday  i appreciated all the questions 
coming next week  consideration of my amendments to ban horse slaughter  protect endangered species and fight red…
thank you to the courageous men and women that dawn the shield daily protecting our communities  thin blue line…
data transparency is critical in higher education because our students deserve to know program outcomes before they…
tune in at 10am for the committee s hearing on the denver replacement va medical center and chairman  drphilroe s f…
congratulations to all of the  uwayscc volunteers of the year  your contribution to better the communities we live…
please be alert  my prayers are with the victims and their families   atx 
this is bittersweet news for all of us as we remember otto warmbier with great sadness  yet great pride in his life…
rt  ktla  12 republican house members voted no on the gop tax bill  including two from california   darrellissa and  danarohrabacher
  joshuadavis77 is making traverse city and northern michigan proud with his performance on the voice  congratulations  joshua 
i ve also introduced hr 89- the domestic prosperity and global freedom act- a bill that deals with ramping up nat  gas exports  opp4 all
disappointed i can t be in raleigh for today s nationwide state capital stand for your rights rally  glad to see so m…
rt  housescience  watch live  beyond bitcoin  emerging applications for blockchain technology →
rt  loudobbs  corruption exposed- rep   jim_jordan  anti- realdonaldtrump agents used the salacious dossier not once  but four times to get…
icymi  here are my questions today in the  natresources hearing to  interior  secretaryzinke  video 
rt  smalluavs  house  faanews reauthorization legislation hits the floor this afternoon   hr4  includes a robust  uas  title that will accele…
via  morning_ag  working americans who receive food stamps say they support requiring able-bodied adults to be empl…
holy cow did we have a good time in chatham county this week hearing from the agriculture community on the…
i joined  repmattgaetz and 63 colleagues in a letter asking intelligence cmte chairman  devinnunes to…
today we remember the more than six million victims and all those who survived the holocaust  never forget…
 shopfloornam 😍👍🏽
deadline for student participants in my congressional app challenge is tomorrow  submit your app here 
tune in  chairman  mactxpress joins  foxnews at 6 05 edt to talk about today s hasc hearing with  deptofdefense sec…
the tax cutsand jobs act continues to result in employee bonuses and higher wagers for hard-working hoosiers  to find…
headed to the  sotu  with the love of my life 
not only is the tax cutsand jobs act delivering a simplified tax code that cuts taxes for all americans in 2018  but…
 hrhammer  the_c_dub u were heard last election & lost  i met thousands of constituents over last year  ur gang = disruption not dialogue
rt  stevescalise  the house just passed right to try – a bill to let terminally ill patients try experimental treatments  this is about pro…
our vets deserve the best care possible  hr 1367 just passed the house unanimously and will help by recruiting & keeping great employees
funding our military is of utmost importance → tune in to  nbcdfw tonight to hear more about why it s critical to f…
today s subcommittee on oversight and investigations  legislative hearing is streaming here 
an absolute honor to be there today as  realdonaldtrump signed our legislation giving law enforcement and victims m…
getting ready for student leadership summit 2018  sls2018 
on national law enforcement appreciation day and every day  i m thankful for those who serve and protect  ga09  and com…
local baseball bat producer tim haney of cooperstown bat company brought some of his bats to spring training for th…
rt  lifezette  rep  mo brooks argues sen  warren should give president donald trump s foreign policies more of a chance before dismissing t…
  att employees i met in springfield today are seeing the benefits of tax reform many longtime employees have never…
rt  judgetedpoe  my legislation  the usa rights act  will be introduced as an amendment  and equips our intelligence and law enforcement ag…
rt  vp    potus & i closely monitoring likely chemical attack in syria  we condemn in the strongest possible terms the assault on innocent…
listen to my interview on tax reform with  nvpublicradio  which aired today 
rt if you agree – we must protect innocent life and defend the rights of those who are unable to defend themselves …
great news  dredging the  jaxport shipping channel began over the weekend  our office worked for six years to see t…
unborn children should be welcomed in life and protected by law  i m proud to vote to ban taxpayer funded abortions 
g o p working4 women hearing beginning now  join us live
day 21 for 31 reasons4 tax reform→ america s job creators now spend an estimated 2 8 billion hours each year filing t…
the fdr national historic site is one of ny s most noteworthy sites & an economic catalyst for dutchess co  with ne…
rt  rep_stevewomack   the president s speech resonated with the values of arkansans and the values of all americans  it united us in hope  …
rt  cathymcmorris  in case you missed it   speakerryan   repkevinbrady and i recently sat down with small business owners to hear how the …
today  in  housecommerce i had the opportunity to address the resilience and reliability of our energy grid  happy…
after the hard fight to get funding for hurricane harvey relief  it s time to make sure we re ready to take on any…
i appreciate riverview baptist senior pastor  dr  matthew morrison  presenting me with a book…
rt  flgovscott  more than 30 000 restoration personnel have been activated to help restore power as quickly as possible following the storm…
internet safety is important lesson to teach young people in our wired era  i participated in  google s online safe…
met with members of the  ustravel association yesterday  travel is huge for  explorebranson  mo7  missouri & the…
rt  texasgopvote  safe walk home northside | texasgopvote via  judgetedpoe
it is unacceptable to me that members of congress are still paid during a government shutdown  while the men and wo…
rt  kyaerospace   govmattbevin speaking at the  rephalrogers appreciation dinner in morehead  ky  great day for kentucky and aerospace ht…
unemployment in the u s  fell in april to one of the lowest levels of the post-world war ii era thanks to lifting r…
rosenstein needs to produce the comey memos  comey already leaked four of them to his buddy  stop stonewalling 
happy mothers day  we celebrate all of the wonderful moms out there who do so much at home  in the workplace and i…
rt  repkristinoem  check out this story of a small business owner who is experiencing the life-changing results of tax reform&gt &gt  small bus…
today i voted in support of american jobs & energy production  video  yes2 energy keystone x l
collins   reptenney and  repjohnkatko request a report on lake ontario shoreline damages -
it s always nice when our region s leaders visit washington  especially so when abilene s 2017 outstanding citizen…
tune in this morning at 10 00 to watch the water subcommittee hold a hearing on water resources projects and polic…
for folks working a 40-hour week  a  2 increase in their hourly wage = an extra  320 a month  to me  that sounds li…
good to meet with  tx22  pearland resident   dawsonhighschl &  southwesternu student brandon berry in my dc office y…
  fiulaw graduates have done it again  congrats on earning the highest bar passage rate out of the 11  abaesq-accre…
over the next few weeks i ll be answering your questions here on twitter  have a question for me  send a tweet and…
if we re going to build the 355 ship navy that the nation needs  we have to start by telling a more compelling stor…
fema has released info about dsnap for pinellas county  more to come on pasco and hillsborough soon  visit 
i just did a facebook live on the tax cutsand jobs act  tune in and hear why americans are so excited about this econ…
wisconsin s  jjwatt remembers his friendship with barbara bush 
rt  ltgrobertcaslen  i had the privilege of meeting with  tomrooney and we are honored to have him  westpoint_usma in july for our board of…
check out this white board video from  nei explaining the need to safely dispose of spent nuclear fuel  we agree…
my statement on this morning s vote on a two-year budget deal 
icymi  i shared a brief update w/ akns on the important work were doing on congress 
rt  houseappropsgop  read chairman  usreprodney s full statement on h j  res  123  a continuing resolution funding the federal government t…
starting at 2pm et   repstevepearce chairs our subcommittee hearing on implementation of fincen s customer due dili…
after most post  08 crisis recovery gains only in a handful of counties  positive to see the employment trend offer…
the brave men & women of our law enforcement put their lives on the line each day to ensure we can go about our nor…
as any texan can tell you  our national borders are not secure enough  after so many years of failure with our coun…
you never know who you ll run into at  iflymia  i saw fmr puerto rico resident commish  luisfortuno51  journalist…
rt  housecommerce  live now  sub health reconvenes day two of the hearing on  combating the opioid crisis  prevention and public health sol…
i am excited to co-host u s  military academy day this saturday in bellevue with senator sasse and senator fischer …
rt  whopradio  congressman comer says farm bill keeps promises
wwii veteran and nc native  george boone  was in d c  as a part of the  honor flight program   run by my friend jef…
thanks 
i m honored to chair the bipartisan philanthropy caucus and work with my colleagues to find solutions to encourage…
with the tax cutsand jobs act  the typical family of four earning the median family income in kentucky s sixth distri…
international workers  memorial day serves as an opportunity to remember & honor those who have died in the pursuit…
rt  brazoriacounty  water well testing for brazoria county residents
rt  houseadmngop  134 years ago today  susan b  anthony appeared before the  housejudiciary committee to argue for an amendment to the u s …
rt  samanthajoroth  house speaker paul ryan has ordered flags to be lowered at half staff for congresswoman slaugter 
thank you  jnbarrot and all the french members of parliament for meeting with me today to discuss the…
these brave individuals  service and sacrifice will never be forgotten   powmia 
under the new tax code  there now is a specifically targeted incentive known as  opportunity zones  for private inv…
rt  hascrepublicans  live  military personnel  fy19ndaa  markup - led by chairman  repmikecoffman at 10 am - watch here 
as  potus says  companies are coming back to the united states  because they want to be where the action is  america first  sotu2018   maga 
rt  housegop  the s t o p school violence act of 2018 has just passed in the people s house  we are live with the latest →
the house intelligence memo that everyone is taking about is the result of months of diligent investigation by the…
rt  usarmy  throughout the month of april  the u s army recognizes the strength and resilience of military children and youths  find out m…
in celebration of small business week  i stopped by slayton brothers while in jackson today to learn more about the…
rt  housescience  glad to hear h r  1561  the weather research and forecasting innovation act passed the senate  will transform the us weat…
reports of delay in qualcomm takeover is good news  it is important cfius conduct full and thorough analysis of na…
after decades of operating under sensible & important regulation without issue  the forest city dam in washington c…
great leadership by   potus and   secpompeo in securing the release of the three brave american detainees from nort…
i was not on the train involved in the accident today  please join me in praying for everybody who is injured 
 n_foley_ egypt is our most valuable asset in war against rad islam trrrorists  anything we do for egypt makes america safer
great to attend the  bapscharities walk in sugar land yesterday  the walk will support efforts to plant one billion…
great news  bill i co-sponsored to make hearing aids more affordable has passed congress  1 in 5 americans suffer f…
important news for  mi06  --&gt 
passover is a holiday that commemorates the liberation of the jewish people from slavery in ancient egypt  to all o…
the events that unfolded in parkland  florida this afternoon are heartbreaking  please join me in praying for the s…
not sure how the new tax law will impact you  check out the irs withholding calculator to see your savings under th…
it s ag week  as a lifelong farmer and rancher  i am incredibly proud to represent a state that celebrates our agri…
starting now   housescience hears from  secretaryperry  our fellow texan  on  energy s 2019 budget request 
 citizensmandate  leslieadair83 think you tagged the wrong congressman  think you mean jeff denham  thanks 
rt  bme_olivia  so glad i got the opportunity to show congressman  reptedyoho the dobson lab today  thank you for supporting our research a…
 civilization as it is known today could not have evolved  nor can it survive  without an adequate food supply   -…
rt  houseappropsgop  today the house will vote on an emergency funding bill to help americans recover and rebuild from recent hurricanes an…
  isaacswoodward you can also learn more at ask rep ferguson
rt  cowyredcross  please note  the red cross evac center in pueblo for the barnett fire is located accross from the airport at the baxter e…
  potus   this is our new american moment  there has never been a better time to start living the american dream    sotu 
rt  repkenbuck  law enforcement witnesses at this hearing agree that authorities at all levels need to work together to fight this heroin t…
soon  the house will begin debate on its nine scheduled veterans bills  tune in here 
rt  housegop  here it is → be the first to see how the taxreform plan will help you and your family  1182more
adoption has a special place in my heart & i m proud to display the blankenship family s story of how adoption has…
want to weigh in on an issue or see what i ve been working on  use my website as your resource  check it out now &gt &gt 
thank you  dorismatsui   senrobportman  and  senkaineoffice for introducing this bill with me  next stop --&gt  presid…
thanks to the incredible team at mirchi in mt  laurel for their hospitality during a recent visit  we have some gre…
the schumer shutdown all started because senate democrats wanted to force through a hurried  unfinished  and unrela…
tune in to the  seanhannity show today at 4 30pm central  talking to sean on his radio show about my article up on…
lifting the jones act - an important step in providing humanitarian relief to pr  supplies & resources remain an ongoing need 
icymi
energy prices ⬇️ oil production ⬆️ this is what energy independence looks like  president trump is making sure our…
rt  financialcmte  passed  the house just passed the tailor act by  reptipton  which tailors regulations so that community financial instit…
  usreprodney  a healthy and robust food supply starts with america s farmers and ranchers  this bill provides fund…
great meeting with representatives from  glmetrochambers yesterday to discuss the importance of strengthening our…
it s true  for a family of four earning  62 000 a year  taxreform means an extra  1 728 in their pocket this year 
spoke on the house floor about the importance of funding the government  a fundamental responsibility of congress …
with members of the house education and workforce committee   the n  shenandoah valley substance coalition has been…
 twitchaloupka can you private message us your phone number and email   you will have to follow me in order to do s…
congrats to team u s a 
we re fortunate to have 3 companies that are rewriting the rule book for millennials  google  pwc_llp  uber g o p future
 otd  in 1945 japan surrender to the allied forces  effectively ending wwii 
i spoke with  wnyt in albany about the just passed bipartisan budget deal and why it was necessary to strengthen ou…
finally got to see the cherry blossoms around peak bloom on my morning run  good morning america 
glad 2 join my colleague  jahimes & talk bipartisan approach to legislating and healthcare reform …
you can watch the hearing live here 
  chipotletweets announced that 1/3 of its tax savings will go to its employees  the great news just keeps rolling…
rt  speakerryan  this tree traveled all the way from the kootenai national forest in montana  and now it lights up the sky in front of the…
rt  auctnr1  proud to have  explorebranson  bassproshops  bassprolegends and top of the rock in my congressional district  mo7 
this is completely unacceptable  our veterans deserve much better than this 
lyme disease is a complex illness that is hard to combat due to public misunderstandings  the forum held by  marist…
just had a great meeting with  realdonaldtrump  now it s time to pass the tax cuts and jobs act & deliver the bigge…
remembering the brave men and women of the challenger crew
as the largest b-1 bomber base in the country  dyess is essential to our national security  here s a great piece hi…
it s small business week and i m looking forward to visiting some of our own in  ar3   small business week
take the time to thank a police officer for the commitment they have made to protect our communities  we owe the me…
following tax reform  87 million americans—and counting—across 48 states   dc  are set to see lower utility bills …
at 10 00 a m  est this account will livestream rep   justinamash s press conference on the u s a r i g h t s act amendment…
rt  republicanstudy  the republican study steering committee is vehemently opposed to any farm bill that removes work and job training requ…
icymi – i spoke with  foxnews over the weekend about the upcoming investigations into the uranium one deal 
for many years the tax code has provided various tax incentives to encourage economic development in low-income com…
take this time of thanksgiving to truly appreciate those people around you who make our community and this country thrive  thanksgiving day
rt  noblesvillecoc  great day in indiana for employers seeking a well trained workforce as  govholcomb discusses the expansion of workforce…
for the family farm and ranch operations across the country  every day is ag day  but today  the rest of the nation…
rt  repstevepearce  happening now  i m leading the terrorism and illicit finance subcommittee hearing on combating cyber-attacks to better…
glad to join  sencorygardner today to discuss the release of royalty payments from the anvil points fund to garfiel…
rt  houseforeign  vladimir putin muzzled all opposition en route to his sham reelection  the russian people deserve genuine freedom to choo…
 it s time for congress to reclaim its constitutional war powers  repeal the 2001 aumf  and debate and vote on a ne…
here s the truth about the omnibus  ladies and gentlemen 
 otd   the pearl harbor attack in 1941 remains one of the darkest moments in u s  history  w/ 2 400 military and civilian lives claimed 
rt  housejudiciary  happening now  markup of h r  2152  the  citizens  right to know act of 2017   watch live 
well said mr  speaker 
congratulations to karen handel for winning the georgia special election  i look forward to working with her in congress 
the senate passed my bill   hr624  to protect americans from becoming victims of identity theft  learn more here 
rt  repleezeldin  signers of my letter last week calling for a special counsel  jordan/f  rooney/tenney/budd/gaetz/gohmert/gosar/meadows/hi…
thank you to everyone who came to this morning s women-owned smallbusiness roundtable at connections to success 
combating the opioid crisis is an important priority  today  housecommerce s sub health will hear from a number of…
the economy s underemployment rate is a whopping 9 7%  higher than prior to the recession
 potus has signed into law the  no human trafficking on our roads act   requiring dot to disqualify anyone who comm…
today we remember the 2 403 americans who lost their lives in the attack on pearl harbor 
rt  facethenation    tgowdysc says chairman nunes briefed president trump on a matter that had nothing to do with the fbi investigation 
the speakers at this event  mike and deborah bailey  showed great courage in sharing the story of their late daught…
good forest management practices are essential  grateful for the work our timber industry does to keep our forests…
view from the chair as the zuckerberg hearing is underway at  housecommerce  tune in live here …
coming up at 10am  subcommittee hearing examining four bipartisan proposals to simplify and modernize retirement pl…
it s take back day  visit to find the nearest take back site to you 
today   sentomcotton and i urged full disclosure of boeing-iran air deal to assist victims of iranian terror
this week we celebrate those men and women in law enforcement who put themselves in harm s way every day to keep us…
you ve always been our go-to guy on flood insurance  you re knowledgeable  honest  and a straight talker  i ll miss…
joining  johndickerson on  cbsnews  facethenation tomorrow to discuss the house intelligence committee s investigation  tune in at 10 30am 
rt  aldotmobilearea  come join us at 5-rivers resource center  delta hall  in spanish fort  we will be here until 7 p m  to discuss the ten…
 greggharper tomorrow s hearing will convene one year to the day since sub oversight opened it s bipartisan investi…
headed to  housefloor to speak on 5-year faa authorization act and its impact on our tech center research & personn…

on floor to recap visit this am to central pennsylvania digital learning foundation a homeschool owned customizable cyber education school
my statement ahead of tonight s  sotu   ---&gt 
 fpdpio thank you to the brave men & women of the fullerton pd who put their lives on the line every day to serve s…
 1/2  this 2 200 page omnibus dropped less than a day before we voted on it  and no one could possibly have read it…
great news  my bill  the va mission act  passed out of committee today & is a transformational  once-in-a-lifetime…
▶ chairman  rephensarling opening statement at today s hearing with the  federalreserve vice chairman for supervisi…
rt  advocatehealth  thanks to  peterroskam for meeting with our frontline leaders this week to discuss ways we can work together to improve…
rt  openlandmt  fantastic  mt united in introduction of alex diekmann peak bill   senatortester  stevedaines  repryanzinke  tpl_org
rt  hurdonthehill  the brave men & women of our law enforcement put their lives on the line each day to ensure we can go about our normal l…
congratulations to northwest rankin middle school for advancing to the national finals of the national science bowl…
honored to present wwii medals to mr  tannery  honorably discharged in 1946  but just today received his awards 
the committee welcomes  txdotceo to discuss the relationship between federal funding and local infrastructure projects 
rt  sbalist  thank you president trump for following through on your promise to appoint pro life judges  as a judge on the 5th circuit cour…
my bipartisan bill to honor the borinqueneers with the congressional gold medal is scheduled for a house floor vote on monday
rt  chronopinion  president trump made infrastructure a fundamental plank of his campaign because as a builder  he understands how importa…
the devistation to our neighborhoods  churches  and schools is powerful  yet what is stronger is seeing people in o…
thank you for having me  i thoroughly enjoyed visiting and hearing from students and teachers 
as we celebrate womens history month  it s important to recognize the great presence women have in our economy  wome…
potus deflected from the fact that a young woman was killed & others were injured by a bigoted follower of the white supremacist movement 
 dwallbank soon      
read more about my roundtable meeting at good shepherd hospital in hermiston with those on the front lines of the o…
thank you to my dear friend  repbillflores for inviting me to talk with the  wacochamber  as a result of tax reform…
poor economic policy contributes to a nation s poor fiscal health  and obama admin policies are harming our economy
rt  speakerryan  retweet if you agree → our men and women in uniform deserve a pay raise  this week  the house votes to give them their big…
 lenaschatz  afspcolorado thanks for stopping by  i appreciated the chat 
read my letter w/ repmarcykaptur   repjackbergman   repmoolenaar and 49 other colleagues to  realdonaldtrump regard…
it s time we stand with the american people instead of standing with silicon valley  you deserve online security  b…
it is discouraging to see the hate & violence that has taken place in charlottesville  actions like this have no place in america 
behindthe scenes  coming up next on  cnnnewsroom to talk about syria strike 
due to technical difficulties the link to our live stream for the millennial hearing will change  please join us via cspan2 g o p future
rt  houseappropsgop  our children deserve to feel safe in their schools  that s why the fy18 omnibus provides more than  2 3 billion in new…
the house will not let this be the end  we will try again  pass legislation  and bring hope to those whose only des…
in case you missed it &gt &gt  the house passed legislation i fought for to crack down on internet sex trafficking  watch…
absolutely agree  submit comments south jersey   we want to sink this proposal permanently 
praying for the dublin post office victims  their families  and our first responders 
big league  tune in right now to hear  potus  realdonaldtrump speak on tax cuts ahead of tax day 
🎶and here we have idaho 🎶 great job to these students and a big thank you to the bonneville county heritage assoc…
while the rest of the federal government is closed due to inclement weather  i know my constituents are still worki…
great meeting with  toyotapolicy this morning  toyota makes over half-a-million cars in kentucky each year 
last year  i questioned deputy sec  sullivan on counterterrorism efforts in africa at a  houseforeign hearing and l…
this waiver is long overdue  and i am glad to see common sense prevail in this decision  now  the city of jacksonvi…
it was also good to see high school sophomore ella miesner from my alma mater  corjesuacademy  i m very proud of el…
great to hear you re recovering quickly  repmobrooks  looking forward to having you back at work 
i am proud to have supported hr 4909  the s t o p  school violence act  this bipartisan legislation is a step in th…
we are now considering h r  5675 find all bills from today s full cmte markup here &gt &gt 
publix open at normal hours in rockledge  melbourne  west melbourne  melbourne beach  merritt island  cocoa  cocoa beach  titusville
that s what people who are tired of winning say 
just in  today the house passed my legislation  which will ensure community banks receive fair treatment during the…
i regret that our service members & veterans have had to wait almost 6 months for us to complete our jobs  but i be…
nice win - one more to go  go blue
rt  tomlutey  zinke bill to end coal leasing ban  add commnity input  advances m tpol fossilfuels via  billingsga…
saddened to hear the news of the passing of my colleague rep  louise slaughter  my prayers are with her family  fri…
nonpartisan cbo says tax reform will  -create 1 1 million jobs -raise real wages by  1 2 trillion -boost investment…
i stand with our men and women in blue and thank them for all that they do and the sacrifices they make to ensure o…
congratulations  missionviejoca on the grand re-opening of the marguerite aquatics center  there is no doubt that t…
opportunity that higher education provides shouldn t be limited to the lecture halls of brick-and-ivy universities 
 jfranz88 house armed services has been on this for a while  twice the laser beams 
it s the last week for ben and brandi  our fantastic interns serving in my washington office  thank you for your ha…
this week  national police week  we honor the men and women in law enforcement who serve and protect our communities…
on the air with  1470wmbd right now with greg batton and corey wara discussing government spending and the momentou…
the tax cuts and jobs act gets results for hardworking hoosiers  thanks to  1stsourcebank for investing in our comm…
nasdaq closes at record 
time for our weekly check- in with  talk1073 live in the studio today 
another example of tax reform s positive impact on wisconsin  as the  journalsentinel reports  customers of wiscons…
h r  1865 the allow states and victims to fight online sex trafficking act of 2017 passed the house by a recorded v…
a new study ranked me one of the most bipartisan members in congress -- top 15 percent in u s  house  nothing is im…
i was saddened to learn of the passing of my long-time colleague  congresswoman louise slaughter of new york  i am…
rt  tomcoleok04    potus delivered a strong  visionary  unifying and optimistic speech  i look forward to working with him this year on the…
rt  raalbany  thank you  repsmucker for supporting the dod breastcancer research program  counting on your continued support  n b c con the hi…
thx to  lorainccc ridge campus for hosting my tax reform roundtable today  heard from small businesses in oh07 on…
denice and i are praying for the deceased  those injured & their families from today s incident at the ohio state fair  1/2
another alarming story regarding jerry brown s high speed rail boondoggle  the cost just to relocate a utility has…
joined  newsradio1067 y day about aetna leaving ga exchange & our better way plan to fix health care for patients 
rt  femaregion6  tx  eligible hurricane harvey survivors receiving transitional shelter assistance may receive an extension  as they contin…
rt  reptedbudd  tune in today to the  financialcmte hearing at 10 00 am to hear  ustreasury secretary  stevenmnuchin1 testify  watch live …
 no one in a responsible position can believe  or even think  that shutting down the government is a wise option  
i had the honor of spending time aboard the  uscg cutter mobile bay last week to see firsthand the process of clear…
we encourage everyone to take time to check for any leftover prescription drugs and take them to safe disposal site…
rt  houseagnews  rural america is hurting  over the last five years  net farm income has been cut in half  strong farm policy provides a sa…
tonight i voted to provide funding for our troops and authorize two years of funding for community health centers …
thankfully he was there  and acted boldly  deeds not words
rt  speakerryan  our men and women in uniform are not bargaining chips—they are our nation s best and brightest  who put their lives on the…
rt  austinscottga08  this week  we have the opportunity to bring meaningful reform to  snap   create new opportunities for our fellow americ…
  realdonaldtrump s peace through strength strategy is making america safer and delivering results  if north korea…
see my press release on the 27 hour markup at  housecommerce
glad to be with you all this morning  ccdes_beauc 
today  i pushed forward a bipartisan  bicameral bill to prevent any disruption in health care services for rural ma…
lo importante es que el pueblo cubano será libre y yo continuare a su lado  libertad
rt  stevescalise    usrepmikedoyle &  repjoebarton delivered the congressional baseball game trophy to team scalise 
great news this morning that  secpompeo is on his way back from north korea with three american detainees who are i…
judging the old metairie crawfish cook-off at st  catherine s  mud bugs
  potus puts american people & ability to unlock full energy potential over political promises  proud of news to re…
i was honored and humbled to be sworn in to the 114th congress today 
rt  susanwbrooks  jordan mclinn is a young 2nd grade hoosier from indy  when jordan grows up  he hopes to be a firefighter or maybe even p…
rt  iowapta  board members in dc advocating for all children in iowa-thank you  repdavidyoung for sitting down w/us & your co-sponsorship/s…
thousands of virginia children are in jeopardy of losing their health care coverage if the u s  senate doesn t act …
it was a wonderful way to end the lenten fish fries at the pemberville american legion   also very nice to have eve…
investing in our infrastructure is investing in american jobs  infrastructure week time to build
thinking of my friend  stevescalise  we pray for his speedy recovery and look forward to having him back at work so…
it was an honor to present the congressional badge of bravery to officer jason falconer  officer falconer is the em…
the first responders rushing towards the concertgoers amid a hail of bullets to save lives  these are heros 
port arthur memorial is going to the state basketball tournament  good luck tomorrow  🏀🏆
wishing a wonderful teacher appreciation day to the talented educators across  ga03  who are committed to educating f…
a special thank a cop thursday to hudson high school s resource officer  bill wanger  thanks for keeping our communit…
i had a great visit with students at lewis frasier middle school who are participating in the capitol hill stock ma…
check out  taxreformer s ever-growing list of companies that are giving bonuses/raises/benefit increases due to…
rt  kevcirilli  house financial services committee chairman  rephensarling on the dodd-frank dereg bill in the senate   the rumors of dodd…
statement from chairman  rep_stevewomack ↓
hoosiers know just how vital manufacturing is to our nation s economy  this bipartisan bill will save manufacturers…
i was disappointed to learn today that gowen field was not selected to be the next operating location for the f-35s…
rt  alhospitals  bradley byrne  fighting to save alabama s rural hospitals  repbyrne
last week i was delighted to meet with constituents across the district including educators and students  physician…
congratulations to rep  sam johnson on being named rsc member of the year  having served america as a prisoner of w…
are you a high school student in  va06  that s interested in art  the deadline for the congressional art competition…
we can stop kim jong-un from developing nuclear missiles capable of destroying dozens of us cities  but it s going to take a serious effort 
rt  sffny  today  we re joining  manhattanda cy vance in calling on the us senate to protect victims of online trafficking and hold compani…
rt  foxnews  opinion   repmiketurner  the obama-era neglect of our military must come to an end  via  foxnewsopinion 
we ve come a long way from the last administration when it comes to confronting iran and radical islamic terrorism 
receiving briefings from  cal_fire and emergency personnel on the latest on the lilac fire  thank you to everyone w…
congrats to  potus on fighting for american industry and reaching agreement w/ qatar to end illegal subsidies and  …
icymi – read my op ed   time to modernize medicaid s broken waiver process   in  morningconsult 
 natresources c a water field hearing today in fresno on c adrought drought
great to meet with small business owners and manufacturers today in mentor for a roundtable about the…
are you signed up for  repcurbelo s newsletter  this week s just went out  but you can sign up at…
rt  transport  what is the disaster recovery reform act   repgarretgraves breaks it down  watch the debate live on  cspan and learn more…
the plight of the rohingya in myanmar is dire  especially as they brace for monsoon season  i spoke with unhcr good…
andrew mccabe lied to his fbi superiors not once  not twice  not three times  he lied four times--multiple times un…
small business confidence in the economy hits record high  that s not a mistake  taxreform works 
my heart goes out to all those affected by the shooting in florida  i am praying for these precious children and th…
i had a chance to question the acting administrator of the dea yesterday about the link between sanctuary city poli…
rt  utswnews  we re honored that congressman  petesessions has joined us to speak on opioidcrisis   utsw   hhsregion6
yesterday i had the privilege of meeting w/ former first lady  laurawbush & her excellency rula ghani  the first l…
 jwkieres pressure group takes over gov office to intimidate elected official into reneging on election pledges not engaged in democracy
er visits and opioid overdose-related deaths have more than quadrupled in the last 15 yrs  join  nih on 9/29  2-3pm…
we must stand united for equality of all and oppose intolerance  racism and bigotry 
and we stand in strong support of those injured & unable to return to duty  while their service may have been short…
today  on the 50th anniversary of the assassination of dr  martin luther king  jr   we honor his incredible life an…
due to inclement weather  today s town hall meeting in juneau has been postponed 
might want to check your paycheck in february  more money in your pockets thanks to tax reform   sotu 
icymi  my weekly newsletter recapping last week in north dakota and washington  d c 
camp pendleton s civilian police officers being asked to repay nearly a decade of wages due to a dod accounting err…
 nccoastalrltr  patrickmchenry  repwalterjones  foxxforcongress thanks for your comment  as you may know  i am a c…
check out my latest op-ed in the  journalsentinel about the effort to fix n i c s 
met with constituents this am who were on the hill with the american association of physicians of indian origin to…
in studio now talking with  varneyco on  foxbusiness talking about how the 60-vote threshold in the senate is a rea…
rt  rvvoyles   no one is going to get kicked off of food benefits  -  rodneydavis on state of farm bill  says he still wants to offer snap…
every year  americans dread tax day because of our old and complicated tax code  starting next year  americans will…
rt  hascrepublicans  chrm  mactxpress gave remarks on state of the military & how we can support our troops today  watch remarks here - htt…
the country rightfully celebrates mrs  bush s life and accomplishments 
check out this story in  neighbornews about the highway 92 widening project  once completed  it ll better connect…
congrats comets 
rt  speakerryan  the house just did the right thing—for our men and women in uniform and for the millions of children who rely on chip  no…
great to be in pike county this afternoon to speak at rotary and highlight our new tax code  also had a great visit…
watch  lance thanks rescue squad for saving harvey victims with speech on the floor of the u s  house
happy to be celebrating st  patrick s day at the annual friends of ireland luncheon with taoiseach leo vardkar 
rt  gopoversight    jim_jordan  only at the  irs  are bad employees – those with conduct issues  unauthorized access to taxpayer information…
looking for a way to take part in drug take back day  this saturday   walmart &  samsclub pharmacies are providing fr…
i m honored to serve with a man of character like  repbradwenstrup  🇺🇸
rt  mobankers  house passes luetkemeyer bill to end operation choke point -  repblainepress
stopped at czech village in cedar rapids for a quick coffee  czech slovak caucus  ia01 
rt  whitehouse   we can lift our citizens      sotu 
while the irs oversight board was designed to operate like a corporate board for a business  it never functioned as…
glad to see the new memorandum of understanding that streamlines the permitting process across federal agencies  th…
i m fighting to ensure no veteran s denied transplant coverage  watch more in my boarding pass weekly update video 🎥
my take  tax reform that works for texans
our  va05  offices in  cvillecityhall and  cityofdanville are accepting submissions for our 2018 congressional art…
as  speakerryan said  today the house voted to give the american people their money back  my full statement here →…
sub health is now considering h r  5329  poison center network enhancement act of 2018 find all bills from today s…
rt  homedepotkzoo  had the pleasure of hosting u s  representative congressman fred upton  🇺🇸 trendingorange h dstorewalks  homedepotgr  j…
rt  replamalfa  thanks to the tax cutsand jobs act  many businesses are already re-investing savings  most notably in the form of higher wage…
rt  stevescalise  hard to believe it s been almost a year since the attack on the congressional baseball game practice  as we honor police…
happy birthday   usafreserve  
rt  kentuckycoal  talking about western kentucky minerals with  repguthrie   a friend of coal 
looking forward to hearing from french president  emmanuelmacron deliver his address to a joint meeting of congress…
rt  demarest_colin  a collective mox/pit production statement from us sens  lindsey graham   lindseygrahamsc  and tim scott   senatortimsco…
rt  usafcent  that others may live – afcent airmen at an undisclosed location in western iraq held a memorial ceremony  march 22  in honor…
rt  br_traffic  i-10 in both directions remains closed from i-49  lafayette  to oak harbor boulevard  slidell  due to winter weather condit…
u s  rep  ryan costello sets town hall meeting in downingtown
thank you for strong leadership  realdonaldtrump  iran nuclear deal is a sham  iran gets cash & foreign investment …
the great state of ohio turns 215 today  happy birthday ohio 
honored to preside over the house floor today 
  repdonbacon on  cspanwj talking  snap  & 2018 farm bill  we want to help people get the skills needed to compete &…
tune in to the  houseappropsgop full committee markup of the fy17 ag  energy and water funding bills 
i commend the work of robert mueller and his investigation  and i look forward to a complete and speedy end so amer…
our military has been hollowed out and working with limited  degrading resources  this packages provides the larges…
great to visit with folks from with the rotary club of baton rouge 
i agree with ambassador haley  it s a great move  it s the right move  presidents of both parties have supported i…
our bill  the caa reform act  institutes a respectful  more streamlined process for individuals to report claims an…
rt  numbersusa   rep  zeldin s bill would establish a significant basis for using the nation s immigration laws to combat ms-13 and other t…
under the tax cuts and jobs act  the vast majority of individuals & families would be able to file their taxes on a…
today i introduced legislation to strengthen irs accountability for the billions of taxpayer dollars it spends each…
for those w/ any interest in the factual foundation of my decision  please take a gander   my statement on the  ahca 
rt  housegop  the tax cutsand jobs act is pro-family → ✔ the child tax credit is doubled to  2 000  ✔ the child and dependent care tax credit…
  robertcobrien is an outstanding pick for special presidential envoy for hostage affairs  i know robert  he s an i…
rt  aftunion  thank you  senatortester   repmarkpocan   repryancostello  and  repbonamici for your thoughtful and powerful words about publ…
i proudly encourage robust funding for the homeless veteran s reintegration program  hvrp supports working wardrobe…
today the president submitted a  15 4 billion rescission request to congress  i support the administration s use of…
what an exciting afternoon  i enjoyed lunch w/ gkn aerospace employees in tallassee where i had the opportunity to…
it s always a pleasure to have talented so fla students dedicate their time serving our community as interns  than…
 1of2   realdonaldtrump commitment to rebuild our military strength 100% right  could not have a better leader than sec def mattis  but   
rt  jim_jordan  in america  no one is above the law  lying under oath is a crime  this referral is the right move 
rt  foxnews    repdougcollins   mr  comey wants to write a book  make a million dollars  that s fine  but mr  comey  history will judge you…
i am unwavering in my commitment to ensuring our nation s servicemen and women receive the quality care they have e…
as our country continues to grapple w/how to keep our communities safe  the jake laird act will provide our local l…
  completecollege  time is the enemy of college completion…particularly for pell students  g o p future millennials
starting in february  your paycheck may have seen a boost thanks to tax reform  did you check your check  take the s…
visiting with the  ywcaelgin  thank you for showing me around and explaining the important work you are doing 
glad to hear reports that no damage was found at  okstate stadium after inspection  hope to see everyone at today s game go pokes
congress should get answers on the recusal of judge contreras and the relationship between the judge and the fbi s…
rt  sitesproject    replamalfa &  johngaramendi urge prop 1 funding for sites project  their work & support critical to build sites 
white house cancels tours over sequestration  house admin welcomes americans visiting d c  to tour capitol instead
i wasn t at the meeting  so i take the president at his word when he says he didn t use the vulgar language in ques…
icymi   this week  hasc  marked up the  ndaa  for fiscal year 2019  although this bill focuses on our country s dep…
rt  houseappropsgop  the house just passed a bill to fund the department of defense - again  the safety and security of our nation  and pea…
speaker ryan is a truly great leader  i m proud to work with him   mn02 
voted for h r  5931  no more cash ransom payments to iran  potus  the american public deserves better 
great community meeting in downieville today  sharing  housegop s plan for a better way for america 
don t forget the true meaning of this momentous day  christ is risen and we are redeemed because of his abundant gr…
on friday  i visited children s square in council bluffs which provides a safe place for at-risk children to grow u…
passage of these landmark policy changes represent major movement toward regional flexibility  tailored management…
today  i am proud to honor the u s  marine corps and all marines throughout  in09   for 242 years they have played a…
rt  marymazzio   repmaloney crushed it today on the house floor to support  fosta   sesta   fully backing  gopleader  mimiwaltersca  repannwa…
 angrynidaho  thejohnsonpost read the article  it explains everything we have done  and here s another one that say…
there was a special ceremony held this morning at the quality inn in marietta honoring leonard…
rt  foxbusiness  trump nominated for nobel peace prize by house republicans 
yesterday i met with mr  terence smith  secretary of  pva1946  mid-atlantic chapter  to discuss 2018 legislative pr…
rt  conawaytx11  this is what freedom looks like
2/2 i learned that april 21st was san jacinto day- the day that general sam & the boys defeated santa anna on the p…
this morning  i joined checotah s community leaders for coffee and a good conversation about health care  veterans…
rsvp here 
stopped by bunge s innovation center in weldon spring and their north america hq in chesterfield  the company s rem…
praying for former first lady barbara bush  and the entire bush family this evening 
honored to receive the  uschamber 2018 spirit of enterprise award in recognition of my work supporting main street…
rt  housegop  the flags of the  uscapitol are lowered to half-staff to honor the courageous men & women of america s law enforcement who ga…
this morning we opened the new discovery hall at  pnnlab -an exciting expansion that will allow researchers to meet…
my prayers are with  jsopio officer lance c  whitaker who died yesterday responding to a call for help  may he rest…
the inclusion of t r e a tact in the bipartisan heroin task force s legislative agenda is a huge step forward in addre…
rt  airandspace  today in 1959  nasa introduced the first u s  astronauts  the mercury seven  walter m   wally  schirra jr   donald k   dek…
rep  costello urges data security requirements in federal contracts
the only way to deal with a maniacal regime like iran is from a position of strength  giving unilateral concessions…
today i spoke in favor of h r  3298 to help  capitolpolice officers who have sustained serious injuries in the line…
please see an update from  centralhudson on approaching inclement weather  the veterans resource fair tomorrow at 1…
rt  gopoversight    congressmanhice  today is one of the most dreaded days in america… it s tax day 
welcome to the fight  let s go 
rt  ngfa  thanks  repbobgibbs for talking farmbill as well as waterways and highway funding expectations with the ngfa
tax reform works
thrilled this  il14  nominee to  westpoint_usma will graduate in may and serve our country in the  usarmy 
the syrian regime s use of chemical weapons is a war crime  the administration needs to brief congress on next step…
our country s infrastructure is in dire need of updates  this year s  faa  reauthorization funds critical airport pr…
not surprising  and further puts into question the credibility of russia as a  un  member  putin will do whatever…
i continue to push for josh holt s release  as a parent  i would expect nothing less from my representative …
rt  connorobriennh  don mceachin  a democrat who represents much of randy forbes s old va district  says he and rob wittman disagree on man…
rt  housegop   while apple and wal-mart grab the headlines  many beneficiaries of the republican tax bill are small businesses  which accou…
rt  valerievining  join  mattmurphyshow  aunielindenberg with special guest  usrepgarypalmer  realtalk995 now 
native of rigby idaho  jessika jenson will compete for team u s a in her second olympics   at age 6 she began skiing…
happy san jacinto day  182 years ago  after an 18 minute long fight  texas won its independence from mexico at the…
every day  across the country  our law enforcement officers risk their lives to protect our communities  they selfl…
visit  rockynps for free this saturday in honor of national park week 
rt  patrickmchenry  good rundown from  speakerryan on the work congress has done to combat sex trafficking here in the us  looking forward…
1/2 president trump s outline is an ambitious vision for new infrastructure efforts  upstate new york is in need of…
interview from one year ago - still applies  it doesn t make sense that assad would use gas  immediately after…
gen  kelly said it best  exploiting gold star families for political points is never ok  there is no excuse for…
today i met with  teamusa olympians – including n y21 s own maddie phaneuf – about the importance of protecting the…
bravo  senmikelee   your statement is concise and logical  just like the constitution you cite 
when are we going to get serious about the fiscal challenges facing this country  it s easy to vote for balanced bu…
i joined  10news this morning talking gun violence and other important issues 
rt  gopoversight    tgowdysc  those are not merely aspirations  they are expectations  they are our expectations for the world s most envie…
it was great to join mr  seibel and mr  clayton - from moorestown high school - and eagles coach eugene chung this…
my prayers are with my colleagues on the train to wv  i hope you are safe 
training is what preserves the peace  honored to participate in the opening of the new training facility in sea gir…
as a result of my bill  the california federal milk marketing order act   usda is moving forward w/ implementation…
rt  therealablakeh  thanks rep   repgusbilirakis for meeting with  chisouthflorida and fachc  it s clear you and your staff value c h cs  nac… 
today at 9 a m  ⤵️
i was proud to support  repannwagner s anti-sex trafficking legislation  which will be signed into law today …
rt  endpolionow   i m so grateful for  rotary s efforts  thank you for the difference you make in the world   2003 endpolio champion  repj…
what a great victory for the lady bulldogs tonight   hail state final four2018
thank you for your support of our new book  unified  if you haven t read it yet  you can still order your copy by c…
today  i welcome  nihdirector  dr  francis s  collins  to the third district  our first stop was  bville_schools to…
now  both the house and senate must compromise on a permanent budget to fund these key priorities 
last week i spoke on the house floor about suicide and what more we can do to prevent these tragedies 
the sickening practice of online sex trafficking is a continued disgrace to our society  as a cosponsor of  fosta … 
farming  and all of ag  is the lifeblood of the 18th district  we must work to make sure they have the best opportu…
this misguided logic threatens to undermine readiness  the bba only came about because we were able to educate our…
 all of us  together  as one team  one people  and one american family    sotu 
from oh to nj  we re working to revive civility  happy to have  reperikpaulsen and rep  collin peterson as members…
congratulations to  kentuckymbb and  ukcoachcalipari on winning their fourth straight  sec tournament title  go big…
looking forward to joining  outnumberedot with  juliebanderas on  foxnews at 1 30pm  est /10 30am  pst  to discuss…
glad to see  potus will allow construction of the keystone and dakota access pipelines  finally
more great news for hoosier workers  tax cutsand jobs act
rt  afs_yates  thank you  peterroskam for joining us today to discuss the metalcasting industry and the challenges and opportunities we fa…
rt  specsportsoh  sunday on in focus ohio  mike kallmeyer speaks with ohio rep   pattiberi about the state s heroin epidemic  preview&gt &gt http…
house democrats tried to block your representatives from seeing the fisa memo – senate democrats have blocked fundi…
very strong and courageous speech about jerusalem by  potus trump  bravo 
tune in to  foxbusiness at 9 15am central this morning  talking to  varneyco re  gop reps refer comey  clinton  mcc…
we re glad that  potus  realdonaldtrump and his administration continue to put america s 30 million small businesse…
yesterday  i presented the  nodaway_valley boy s cross country team with a printout of the congressional record whe…
presented charles jett with a gold star lapel pin in honor of his brother  william jett  william served in the…
rt  repespaillat   repespaillat  virginiafoxx show support of colleagues during today s congressional baseball game
i had a very productive meeting with representatives from  savetibetorg  including chairman richard gere  together…
rt  repjoewilson  grateful that my  fy19ndaa  amendment that condemns russia for their violation of the chemical weapons convention was appr…
statement regarding the united states attack on syria
lk  monthy expenses associated with student loans mirror that or a mortgage payment   g o pfuture millennials
  potus rescissions package takes a bush hog to the spending underbrush  every dollar in this package either can t…
rt  cspanwj    repdavid schweikert  r-az  joins us to discuss raising the debt ceiling
vet  wardee  gunner  bruce from turlock served seven tours in vietnam and one in desert storm   tvt  thank you for y…
in the media s playing field  the goalposts are on wheels so they can be easily moved 
rt  tgowdysc  i m just a couple of haircuts away from equaling the number of staff departures by your wh colleagues  i get it  you are hard…
thanks for having me on the brian kilmeade show this morning  kilmeade 
  realdonaldtrump is right  we need to put a stop to illegal immigration  that s why i m fighting with him to build…
turnout is reportedly low today  but it won t be because of me  go vote 
at  kcc_athletics   1 and 2 in conference squaring off  intense game 
rt  deptofdefense  on this national k9 veterans day  we d like to take a moment to thank the loyal and hard-working retired 🐶 who stayed clos…
my letter to  speakerryan   gopleader &  stevescalise urging them to include the conscience protection act in the fi…
hasc hearings are proceeding as scheduled today  9 am strategic forces - 10 30 emerging threats & capabilities - w…
my offices in pa are accepting donations for  toysfortots_usa  donate now so every child can have a merry christmas 
rt  bobondermo    missourisenate approved  bobdixon2018 and  kevincorlew  s  hb1633  to add  fosta  tools to fight online sex trafficking  th…
opioid abuse touches our communities in ways that have grave effects on everyday lives  saturday  april 28th  is na…
with so many important issues being discussed in ny-1 & across us  i joined  foxnews   outnumberedfnc as a guest co…
ran into pastor dan cummins of faith and action   faadc  who put on a live nativity in front of the supreme court …
🚨 tune in  📺ways & means marks up legislation to protect your privacy and reform the irs so it works for you 
at sarasota eoc with  flgovscott providing last-minute updates on irma  stay alert  be prepared 
rt  housegop  taxreform works for everyday americans at every stage of life 
the right pick for  realdonaldtrump s natl sec adv was  ambjohnbolton  strengthen relationships w/friends & treat a…
i fully support withdrawing from the one-sided iran nuclear deal  read my full statement below ⬇️
as a staunch supporter of the 2nd amendment  i was proud to vote in favor of hr 38  this bill protects the constitu…
i m talking to austin rhodes on newstalk wgac now  95 1 fm  am 580 and streaming live a tune in 
yesterday i attended a wreath laying ceremony at the tomb of the unknowns at arlington national cemetery in honor o…
senator schumer just objected to the senate taking another  compromise vote to fund the government  almost as disap…
i spoke on the house floor regarding h r  5336  legislation i introduced to ensure that the language in the foreign…
new technologies and innovation in the wood products markets—like expanding the use of biomass & utilizing new tech…
rt  cal_fire  cal fire is assisting the  sierra_nf with a wildfire off mission dr & italian bar rd  e of north fork  madera co  mission fi…
it s clear that europe isn t ready for an immediate threat - the u s  can t follow in those same footsteps  our nat…
one step closer  tonight  the house voted to go to conference on tax reform  my statement here 
today  reverend billy graham becomes only the fourth person to lie in honor in the rotunda of the u s  capitol  you…
great to meet with allen blythe today in dc  blythe is president and ceo of ferrovia services …
today  i introduced criminal alien removal clarification act  this legislation provides a reasonable solution to cl…
rt  toddstarnes  great todd starnes show today with  repdlamborn  calebparke and  jj_poff plus valentine s day trivia  listen live
thank you so much for coming 
happening now ➡️ getting ready to join  ingrahamangle on  foxnews to discuss the latest on efforts in the house to…
 defendourfuture  epascottpruitt once you ve lost the trust of the public  you re no longer able to be an effective…
today i was sorry to hear the sad news that rep   louiseslaughter has passed  it was a privilege to serve alongside…
here i am in ontonagon county meeting with jim and agnes countrymen as part of my farmingfor jobs tour 
i d like to thank  hillshirebrands in traverse city for giving me a tour of their factory  did you know that they make 360 000 pies a day 
carla hayden is the first woman and the first african-american librarian of congress  womens history month i was gl…
words fail to capture the utter devastation felt by the parkland  fl community this morning  as we mourn the loss o…
rt  repseanduffy  it was an honor to present the carnegie medal to the loved ones of justin schroepfer  he was an incredible man who died t…
growing up as the son and grandson of three teachers  i saw firsthand the compassion and dedication of educators  o…
you can read more here 
  mrsb1stgraders thanks for your question  ask buddy
upstate new york has some of the most beautiful outdoor scenery and natural resources in the country  on earth day …
 as defense secretary mattis said today during his testimony before the house armed services committee   america ca…
rt  halo_nk  last week we welcomed  repdavidvaladao to our compound in stepanakert  learn more here  minefree n k n…
happy birthday to the  nationalguard  381 years of being ready and there 
this morning i joined  foxandfriends at mac s cafe in butler   pa   to talk about how today s soaring economy is lif…
rt  repmarkwalker  on my way back to dc for a busy week  on securing our border and keeping americans safe  my hope is that our democrat fr…
due to a system outage  the irs is allowing an additional day to file and pay your taxes  taxpayers now have until…
enjoyed visiting with students & staff at thunderbird youth academy in pryor  thunderbird youth academy is doing gr…
like mother  like daughter  good to start the day out with scenes like this in mo4  countrylife cattle ranching…
martha and i are saddened to hear of the passing of  billygraham  his devotion to ministry – including to the lead…
rt  carrie_byington  proud of  tamhsc students who spent their spring break on a medical mission trip to peru  a total of 46 students and n…
rt  walkforwarmth  walk the walk by donating now - then pick up a  hcmaroons breakfast and  lemonjellos special brew saturday 8 30am coah 1…
reason four  it s a simpler  fairer process 
protecting our children is one of the most important things that we can do for society  unfortunately  some courts…
rt  housecommerce  sub health announces two day opioid crisis legislative hearing next week focused on 25 public health and prevention bill…
rt  jeffreyjcleland  great discussion with  repsmucker and  usaworkforce on how veterans play a key role in filling high-skilled  in-dema…
the house armed services committee   hascrepublicans  is underway with our markup of the national defense authoriza…
great to see  iubloomington students in dc for this year s  aipac policy conference   aipac2018   hoosier_iipac
rt  cathymcmorris  in case you missed it   speakerryan   repkevinbrady and i recently sat down with small business owners to hear how the …
rt  drphilroe  it s an incredible honor to be here tonight  tune in 
great news for  ga12   icymi   the number of people working in the metro augusta area has reached an all-time high …
rt  rowancountync  in honor of national foster care day  be sure to wear blue and raise your voice to show support for foster youth everywher…
now this is the kind of pork i do like in washington  iowapork bacon
the tax cuts & jobs act has passed  we re one step closer to delivering real and meaningful tax relief to millions…
rt  cvsdnews  we re c vproud to announce that cv senior ian cook has been announced as the winner of the 4th congressional district s inaug…
rural hospitals are a critical lifeline in rural america  both in terms of our economy and maintaining access to ca…
rt  westerncaucus  today   westerncaucus applauded action by  realdonaldtrump and  secretaryzinke to reduce dependence on foreign critical…
congrats to my friend  jim bridenstine  this was a long time coming  best wishes and blessings 
my wife kathryn and i were traveling to the annual house republican retreat when our train collided with a truck  w…
i m pleased to announce the following town hall meetings for my next district work session  if you have any questio…
 sls2018  student leadership summit guest speaker  detective chris goergen - evansville police dept  & dea task forc…
 in america  we don t worship government  we worship god   - potus  realdonaldtrump
my statement on the schumer shutdown of the federal government 
thank you   repsinema for all of your work on veteran suicide and for joining me in hosting this important special order hour 
  gopoversight &  housejudiciary announce probe into doj actions during 2016 election 
i had the pleasure of speaking with our gainesville chamber of commerce last week  we discussed issues ranging from…
rt  pa_turnpike  due to winter weather  a ban on certain trucks  rv and trailers will begin tonight at 8 p m  please see the advisory for m…
rt  secretaryzinke  today  realdonaldtrump fulfilled yet another promise by giving rural americans a voice  thank you  mr  president 
currently seeking highly motivated college students to intern in my washington office for fall 2017  more info here…
this funding is greatly needed and i am sure it will help many ohioans struggling with addiction  but  it is not en…
icymi  chairman  repmccaul released the march terror threat snapshot  to learn more about the threats america  the w…
met with some students from garfield county today to talk about funding for rural schools  srs utpol
rt  reptenney  i led a letter from the new york gop delegation  urging u s  trade rep  robert lighthizer to consider the inclusion of criti…
we re holding an important  housejudiciary subcommittee hearing today on heroin trafficking and the way sanctuary c…
today  the house of representatives honors a patriot and true public servant as we award the congressional gold med…
no one in congress can afford to stand by while our rural communities waste away  through no fault of their own  wh…
rt  reptrey  passed the house → the fostering innovation act  which i introduced with  repsinema to cut red tape and help hoosier companies…
doj/fbi shouldn t be opening/continuing/expanding investigations simply for winning election w/out evidence the can…
make no mistake - residents of illinois benefit under the tax cutsand jobs act  taxpayers across the state are seeing…
today  i was honored to visit and speak with the outstanding men and women of the charlotte-mecklenburg police depa…
more good news for hardworking americans  because of tax reform  starbucks employees will see pay raises  paid time…
congress shouldn t have to ask twice if the fbi relied upon a doc that looks like the national enquirer prepared it 
this schumer shutdown was completely unnecessary  the bill passed in the house  by both republicans and democrats …
 nj7c4c
rt  craigcaplan  267-149  house passes  right to try  bill allowing terminally ill patients to try experimental drugs without full fda appr…
today  the house kept its promise to rebuild our military and give a well-deserved 2 4% pay increase for our troops…
rt  loudobbs   peotus  condemns russia hacking reports –obama puppets try to undercut trump s victory   repryanzinke joins dobbs fbn7pm
another piece of tulip time history has been rediscovered as holland resident muriel bolhuis finds an original scor…
it was great meeting with krista and judith from the  tcfoodbank to hear about their continued work to support our…
rt  speakerryan  it should always pay to work  to lift people from welfare to work  we must strive to get people the skills they need to ob…
spoke at iaff firefighters conference today in washington  dc  great turnout from around country and new york  i pl…
it was a pleasure to speak with you all 
rt  ktva  blue skies ahead  the iditarod gets off to a bright start -
such a great time with outstanding students  thanks for having me   beltonisd 
rt  housegop  for the first time since 2000  the unemployment rate has fallen below 4%  our pro-growth policies  like the tax cutsand jobs ac…
without jesus  suffering  his execution  & subsequent resurrection  there would be no christianity  romans 5 8  but…
rt  congressionalac  psst    don t forget that we are announcing the 2017  congressionalac winners next week  stay tuned 🤗 congress4 c s  cs… 
today  i spoke on the house floor in support of  hr3441   legislation to provide clarity and stability to job creato…
it was great to again be with all of my ottawa co ag friends at the annual breakfast 
just read a letter from one of my constituents on the floor  veterans in crisis should never be told by va to write down a phone number 
rt  tomporterdc    iava intern from maine & soon-to-be army officer  daisyprovost took me to a very friendly meeting with her congressman …
terre haute south high school has arrived   sls2018 
this week   holocaustmuseum opened a new exhibition to honor the 25th anniversary of its founding mandate  in the…
today in 1858  minnesota became the 32nd state admitted to the union  we are the land of 10 000 lakes & the star of…
hey  instaffsolution  i m finally retweeting you  your beautiful family is worthy of boasting  thanks for saying hi 
working to secure funding for the secure our schools grant program  which provides support and resources to help sc…
on worlddownsyndromeday2018  i m honored to have the support of  ndss   gdsfoundation & the  crnicinstitute for…
great visit to the galleria woods senior living center in hoover  special thanks to saralyn millwee and paul sedley 
read this week s long s short report about the senate s dysfunction junction 
 bigsoniamovie  bigsoniamovie is a wonderful tribute to her life and her story from holocaust survivor to small bus…
human potential is a renewable resource  and a restorative approach to justice maximizes it  prison reform restores…
no corner of the country is immune from human trafficking  not even our corner of north texas  read my latest op-ed 
rt  sdicredcross  a new lilac fire shelter is open at palomar college   1140 w  mission road  san marcos  92069   oceanside hs is full  el…
assad is a war criminal and must be treated as such
 chill_boston  mattyglesias
technology and safety must advance together  my amendment to prevent a person  unless authorized by the faa  from o…
it s a beautiful day to give a tax cut to america s working families  i believe that you can spend your money smart…
rt  waysandmeansgop  tomorrow is tax day and the good news is this is the last year you will have to file using the old  broken code  check…
did you look at your paycheck today  tax cuts and jobs act
in northern michigan  we know that 40 hours a week is full time work 
our tax cutsand jobs act good news story of the day  dtn  an agricultural information services provider in burnsville…
rt  feedingpa  big thanks to  congressmangt  who is the speaker at our lobby day breakfast this morning  hungerpc18
 his mom s long journey  kansas  long night make for a bittersweet final four for udoka azubuike  via…
rt  repbost  the farm bill maintains and strengthens incentives for beginning farmers and ranchers 
deuteronomy 26 12 when you have finished paying all the title of your increase in the third year of tithing  then y…
today we remember and honor those american men and women who fought in the vietnam war  we thank the brave soldiers…
sums up my experience working to pass the 2014 farm bill as house ag chairman  watch here 
in moving our embassy to jerusalem  the united states affirms our support of the nation of israel and her values--f…
entries submitted in 2018 congressional art competition  i need your help to pick the district choice award  voting…
and who bet on the  eagles winning the super bowl   time still on the clock & campaigns are about candidates  choos…
tune in  i will be on  foxnews with  marthamaccallum at about 7pm et to discuss the latest with the austin bombings
  petesessions stopped by my office to discuss a legislative remedy for the unforeseen problems caused by recent ch…
want to keep up on the latest legislative happenings in washington and news from across  va05   check out our weekly…
great meeting with  nvbroadcasters  we ll continue to work together to keep local tv  radio available to nevadans 
thank you  sendeanheller for leading the way in the senate on this important bill  proud to be the original republi…
mission accomplished  tax cutsand jobs act
tax reform is spurring job growth & economic prosperity across the country  the average family of 4 in  mn02  will s…
during our  financialcmte hearing over careful scrutiny of direct investment in the usa by foreign companies & inve…
rt  whitehouse   terrorists are not merely criminals  they are unlawful enemy combatants  and when captured overseas  they should be treate…
gina haspel has dedicated her life to serving this country  and her 30  year career in the  cia uniquely qualifies…
rt  foxbusiness    reppittenger on  ustreasury shielding us tech from china using national security laws   we must make sure that this info…
happening now  a check-in with the government s acquisition and property manager with  usgsa 
 small business employees saw their wages grow last month at the strongest rate in more than two years…  tax reform
rt  foxnews    repkevinbrady on steel  aluminum tariffs   you don t want to set off a trade war and i think the more surgical you are in ta…
for those planning a trip to washington  my dc staff is happy to provide  uscapitol tours free of charge  help you…
 10 of 10  idaho no  1 producer of potatoes  barley  trout  austrian winter peas  peppermint oil  no  2 in sugarbee…
hoping to hear more details from  potus  tonight in his last  sotu  
this week  under oath before congress  brightline admitted that they lied when they said that their project is  not…
rt  debbie_mayfield  thank you to  repmarkmeadows for your leadership in this morning s subcommittee on gov  operations hearing  i would al…
great to be with  realdonaldtrump today for gop conference meetings  this time last year  we were working on our pl…
each in god s image and a miracle 
rt  repjohnfaso  snap insufficiently promotes self-sufficiency  this farm bill invests  1 billion/year in education & training programs to…
today  members of my staff met with constituents during mobile staff office hours at the middlefield municipal cent…
rt  politicalshort  nunes  gowdy  goodlatte statement on comey memos 
rt  stlcountypd  dea national prescription drug takeback day is coming up on april 28th  check out the drop-off locations around st  louis…
my d c  team climbed more than 300 steps to reach the top of the u s  capitol dome  great view…
on national dayof prayer  i hope you ll join me in praying for our leaders – for wisdom and discernment  for strengt…
  dadstweeter  over the last 16 years  dads has helped over 3 000 men reunite with over 6 000 children   police week l e task force
rt  buysaferx  asop global applauds the concern & leadership for protecting consumers from illegal online sales demonstrated by  sencapito …
i appreciated the chance to sit down with  sensherrodbrown   repbeatty  and  senrobportman to discuss the issues fa…
great veterans town hall meeting today in fallon  thx to everyone who came out and to the  cityoffallon  nv02 
rt  houseappropsgop  at 7 pm  the defense subcommittee will mark up its fy18 appropriations bill  read a summary of the bill ➡️
rt  repjimrenacci  glad to join  repnewhouse & fellow members of the bipartisan working group in voting to pass  repderekkilmer s va manage…
today we remember the 6 million jewish men  women  and children who were murdered during the holocaust  we honor th…
the  peoriamuseum is a wonderful asset to our central illinois community  providing fascinating exhibits and progra…
🎒 stop school violence act  h r  4909   which includes violence prevention training  technology for threat assessme…
today  i m honored to be selected by my colleagues to serve on the committee on ways and means  i look forward to…
live  i m on  foxnews talking with  teamcavuto about trade and tax cuts 
rt  ktulnews    repmullin to hold telephone town hall for oklahomans march 19 o kleg
rt  mitchelltalks  meet  reprussell 2-nite at his village town hall 6p tonight at village city hall chamber 2304 manchester dr  s of hefner…
more from my interview with  kalbtv5 - the va choice act is a great step  but we can do better delivering care to…
happening now  chairman  petesessions is managing the rule for disaster tax relief and airport & airway extension act  watch live on  cspan
check out my interview with ken goldenberg from laguna woods television about my work in congress for  ca45  
 tbt  to celebrating the passage of the tax cuts and jobs act at the white house  excited to see what we can accomplish…
happening now  tune in 
breaking news  tax cuts and regulatory reforms continue to drive economic growth  innovation  and job creation acro…
take a look at my e-newsletter to see what i did this week in washington →
rt  okstate  we will never forget  the cowboy family comes together today to remember the 10 lives lost on 1/27/01  rt10  okstate
joined  repfleming    drphilroe in oped on obamacare failures and our patient-centered solutions for a better way →
may we endeavor to live a life worthy of their legacy and vigilantly guard the history and stories of our fallen …
rt  reptomgarrett  smart pro-growth policies like the tax cutsand jobs act have paved the way for america s 29 million neighborhood entrepren…
on our telephone town hall last night  i asked constituents whether or not they supported california s sanctuary st…
great to see  goochelementary getting recognized for using leading edge techniques like milo to teach their student…
in three months—90% of americans have received bigger paychecks since tax reform each day that passes under this…
good news  u s  economy added 200 000 jobs in january & wages rose at the fastest pace in more than eight years   r…
happy international womens day 
rt  fortunemagazine  tax bill calls for bitcoin exemptions under  600
why  because it s long past time ratepayers and taxpayers stopped paying billions for nothing and started seeing so…
 hi_its_kari  dombek13 ok ignore question about forcing those opposed to pay for abortions  r minority abortions more likely if gov pays 
video  graves on president trump s state of the union address
rt  reptomemmer  mn banks and cus are spending more and more time & resources on compliance with outdated  duplicative  or onerous regulati…
this morning i hosted a roundtable discussion on tax reform for business leaders in the first district  very produc…
this morning  drug distributor ceos will testify before  housecommerce regarding their role in the opioidcrisis  w…
join me in celebrating school choice week  because every child deserves a chance at the american dream   ca08 
rt  waysandmeansgop  did you know tax cuts and jobs act tax reform tax cuts
this memorandum addresses the findings of the house permanent select committee on intelligence regarding the  invol…
 sdut  reason member op-eds from chairman  repgregwalden   repbuddycarter   repjoewilson   repbillflores …
president trump is keeping his promise to cut government red tape and give more power back to taxpayers 
strong texas values are at the heart of the next farm bill
we remember the millions savagely murdered by the nazi regime  while today reminds us of the depths of human deprav…
icymi  talked to  shannonbream last night on  foxnews re  the massive omnibus  watch the interview here 
the tax cutsand jobs act  🎒 expands 529 accounts to k-12 education  🌱 created opportunity zones to fight poverty  ✔️…
nicole and i are deeply saddened by the passing of baltimore county executive kevin kamenetz  we extend our deepest…
rt  sbgc2c    rodneydavis on returning to congressional baseball practice a year after shooting   i wish i could tell you that i didn t hav…
without access to broadband  rural america does not have resources for job opportunities & training  i shared the f…
 1/2  glad to see  potus accepted the recommendation of secretary of defense mattis to keep military medical & heal…
rt  cnn  fbi to release a report on the hillary clinton email investigation as soon as wednesday
you can rest assured i will continue standing with our president to protect the unborn and fix our broken immigrati…
the federal government is set to run a trillion dollar deficit this year alone - double that of fy17  a disgrace …
  repgoodlatte   h r  620 is a common-sense solution because it gives businesses a fair chance to cure title iii vi…
blake pyron  a small business owner from sanger  tx and national down syndrome ambassador  is speaking at the un th…
rt  rvvoyles  back from vacation  first on docket is  rodneydavis trip to decatur s eisenhower hs  where he s being interviewed by students…
rt  rep_stevewomack  watch  the joint select committee on budget and appropriations process reform holds its second public hearing to discu…
rt  foxbusiness    repscottperry on mueller probe   the american people need to know whether their fbi investigates people based on their p…
sherrod brown voted for the schumer shutdown that puts 223 583 ohio children at risk of losing access to chip 
tax cutsand jobs act
members of  un security council russia uruguay & venezuela must support armsembargo against south sudan
pumped up to watch nationally-ranked  ufindlay oilers take on hillsdale go oilers
another busy week ahead of us in the house  take a look at what we will be voting on here 
happy birthday  gracie  wi05  wdsd18 
rt  readyharris  hurricane preparedness week | you can play a large role in how your neighbors fare before  during and after a hurricane …
the pleasure was mine  it s an important opportunity we can meet  thank you for leading the effort 
happening soon → joint hearing at 2 p m  to examine how  dhsgov is strengthening its cybersecurity workforce  watch…
praying for the safety of my colleagues  everyone on the train  and the drivers 
great news for the illinois valley & a positive step in making our  il16  communities safer & better prepared for na…
happy small business week to the 30 million small businesses in the united states that employ over 57 million people 
the passage of h r 4  this year s faa reauthorization  takes the necessary first steps in fixing our nation s infra…
house passes posey-murphy bipartisan plan to help estuaries with critical needs indian river lagoon
thrilled to be a part of the  wrch2017 kickoff ceremonies  good luck to all and welcome to the suncoast  sayfie
 baumamir oh so drought caused by co2  now floods same reason  temp going up it was global warming  going down it became climate change 
this organization shouldn t be receiving one red cent of taxpayer dollars
grateful to work w/  repjeffries   repjudychu & others on the music modernization act to bring fairness & transparen…
sub oversight questions drug distributors about practices during height of opioid crisis as part of year-long bipar…
i m grateful to all of the witnesses  especially dr  timothy westlake  who has been instrumental in my work on this…
thank you to the ohio fire chiefs and the ohio society of fire service instructors for coming by the office today a…
our world is extremely interconnected & we need to make sure students are safe & secure online  today i partnered w…
tune in 8 20 as im live with  morningbriefing on sirius xm s potus to talk about  realdonad_trump visit to ohio thi…
happy  belated  birthday to my mom s favorite elected official  mine too for that matter  
toured the  lowes flatbed distribution center in grand ledge today  glad to hear the new tax cut law is making a di…
rt  adl_national  this year s winner of the america s democratic legacy award is congresswoman  roslehtinen  we applaud your commitment to…
i am deeply saddened by the loss of dallas police officer rogelio santander  who passed away this morning from a fa…
saturday  april 28 is nation prescription drug take back day  to find a location near you to dispose of medication …
with pride  american pride 
 ukayer  justnisdead  gidgetgirlhb thanks 4 respect  i m obliged to do what i indicated in last election  if not that needs explaining
starting the morning off by speaking to the  wacochamber and the  bcschamber during their dc legislative fly-in  w…
i had an incredibly moving visit at the  tccokc earlier this week  many thanks to the dedicated staff & brave child…
avoid lines - today is the last day to vote early for mayors and local city councils  if miss  have to line-up and vote on sat  may 5 
  housejudiciary will markup music modernization act this wed  we re bringing music licensing into the 21st centur…
in case you missed it  we must secure our border and create a permanent legislative fix for daca recipients  proud…
vital that true republicans stand with  potus trump s bipartisan efforts  no more being held hostage by small faction 
great coverage on our successful effort to reauthorize the brownfields program 
what a great group of farmers from central arkansas  thank you members of the  arfb for meeting with me today to ta…
today  we gather with family and friends to celebrate the resurrection of jesus christ  i pray that god blesses you…
thank you  rob  great to see you  too 
 kmccauley great point  several members of our panel were unable to attend today  including rep shelia jackson lee…
want to know where i am in the district and where i m getting feedback from constituents  check out the interactiv…
rt  dcexaminer   resist russian manipulation and stay united  by  repmccaul and  repmarkmeadows
thanks to  hhmonthly for the opportunity here  looking forward to being back down in beaufort county later today an…
 in05   if you live in or near zionsville & have unwanted prescription medicines in your home  you can safely dispos…
soon   waysandmeansgop begins hearing to markup h r  1 - tax cuts and jobs act  looking forward to this opportunity 
one of my favorite things i get to do as your congressman is to nominate students to our nation s service academies…
attn centerton  my mobile office is coming to city hall on may 17   ar3 
potus says gangs come thru open borders- d s groan  they deny criminals are coming thru open borders  yep   …
at this same point in their presidencies    ⏰ obama had 79% of his nominees approved ⏰ george w  bush had 65% ⏰ cl…
new video on the securing america s future act  house legislation which prioritizes interior enforcement including…
the american people expect us to work together  to put the needs of our country above petty partisanship and above…
business leaders want tax changes made permanent
rt  crcl1988  we are pleased to announce that congressman  garretgraves will be joining us at 3 p m  on wednesday for an interview to disc…
president trump tonight displayed the kind of bold optimism that defines the american spirit   sotu 
texas families deserve a raise  study shows that delivering on tax reform would raise wages an avg of  4 000  ➡…
my statement on democrats playing amnesty politics with government funding  mn02 
  bloomberg   record number of u s  small-business owners say it s a good time to expand 
rt  manhattanda  online sex trafficking is a low-risk  high-reward  proposition  the price of doing business is simply the cost of a web ad…
i just returned from meeting with our allies in morocco  spain  and switzerland along with my colleagues…
rt  bpc_bipartisan  it was a privilege to coordinate another american congressional exchange visit w/  repbrochester  rodneydavis in delawa…
rt  congressionalac  congrats again to the  congressionalac winner from louisiana 🎉📱these young tech innovators are changing our 🌎 one app…
rt  foreignpolicyi    mactxpress shows how the us should respond to the growing challenges in the global security environment 
best of luck to the upper peninsula s own  nickbaumgartner in the pyeongchang2018 olympics  yooper pride…
great to be with the jackson high school ffa at their awards ceremony tonight  always fun to reflect on my time in…
rt  speakerryan  breaking news → the biggest tax reform in a generation is now the law of the land  as promised  real tax relief is on the…
  secretaryzinke  president trump is a builder  he loves to build  and this country loves the parks  it s a good ma…
assad s barbaric regime continues to violate international rule of law  the attack with our allies last night was a…
rt  hhsgov  prescription drugs can be just as dangerous as street drugs when taken without a prescription or a doctor s supervision  proper…
planned parenthood is sinking faster than the titanic 
last yr nfl owners didn t allow insignia honoring 9/11  now enable dishonor of flag  too bad they don t have courage of alejandro villanueva
🎉new year  new tax code → our bill s competitive corporate tax rate finally puts american businesses on a level pla…
rt  brentclanton   lanceroberts w  judgetedpoe   the korean war was never over--just the world s longest cease-fire  peace will hinge on  d…
rt  housescience  last night   housescience chair  lamarsmithtx21   repbrianbabin &  congbillposey joined  vp & national space council at th…
tune in  senator tim scott and i will be on  cbsnews  facethenation this morning discussing our new book  unified  watch live at 9 00am 
this morning i viewed some of the flooding in marshall county with plymouth mayor mark senter  residents can report…
reminder  our  va05  offices in  cvillecityhall and  cityofdanville are accepting submissions for our 2018 congres…
honored to be recognized as an historic tax credit champion today by  savingplaces 
hailey & i got to visit the k-12 stem symposium at the nysmith school today organized by jd kathuria at washingtone…
the reverend billy graham  famed christian evangelist and spiritual advisor to several u s  presidents  will lie in…
an exciting day on the plains  watch the installation of auburn university s 19th president  auburnprez live online…
honored to be featured in  houseagnews farm bill friday video series  i ll continue to work hard to ensure our farme…
rt  southdakotaarts  the high school congressional art competition is under way  we re accepting submissions on behalf of  repkristinoem th…
in afghanistan  hard is not hopeless—but time is running out  my new op-ed in  rcdefense ↓
rt  foxnews    repmccaul   the two new york attacks - one sprang out of chain migration  the other out of the lottery system    sotu 
last night  i voted to keep the government open & extend child health insurance for 6 years for 1 821 kids in josep…
happy national small business week  join me in recognizing our nation s best job creators who are responsible for cr…
as a member of  housecommerce  i ll continue to work with local officials  law enforcement  and health care profess…
my prayers are with those affected by today s horrible shooting in florida  their friends  and their loved ones  ve…
the good news keeps coming   erie_insurance is giving its employees  1 000 bonuses and  1 000 retirement contributi…
yesterday the u s capitol hosted the carnival kids steel orchestra who are visiting from lancaster  ny  these talen…
it was a privilege to also join mayor cliff black and the city of muleshoe to observe national day of prayer 
we are hosting a service academy forum tomorrow from 6pm – 7 30pm at the region 9 education center 301 loop 11 wich…
the unified republican government is delivering for america s nearly 30 million small businesses   sbalinda…
rt  repdavidvaladao  dyk  small businesses employ over 47% of private sector employees in the usa  making them the backbone of our economy …
in natural resources full committee markup of legislation including supporting domestic production of national st…
 ingrahamangle represents a clear & present danger to the far left  so they targeted her and are working to silence…
chairman  repkevinbrady on  foxnews and  foxbusiness to discuss the benefits of tax reform  some highlights ⬇️
our tax reform plan means more money for texans  it means more jobs  and more money in your wallet …
griffith applauds end of shutdown
 it is important that we remember that the united states system of state-based insurance regulation has worked well…
proper management is essential to maintain the health of our forests  proud to support the resilient federal forest…
this week is small business week – did you know that small businesses create two out of every three net new jobs and…
icymi  the tax cutsand jobs act is helping families all across south carolina keep more of their hard-earned money …
this afternoon  sat in on  hascrepublicans seapower & projection forces subcommittee hearing regarding  usairforce…
rt  cathymcmorris  we are working to ensure people w/ disabilities have the same opportunities as everyone else  learn about  able2 0  
this morning i met with this year s class of  armywarcollege graduates to discuss the importance of rebuilding the…
it was great seeing old friends and making new ones at the kemp foundation policy forum in chicago 
congratulations to oliva k  new albany high school   evan o  silver creek high school  and brittany l  bloomington…
looking forward to joining  vp today to discuss how tax reform works  thanks to  americafirstpol for the invite to participate 
i am proud to continue supporting chip and community health centers funding  mn02 
heading into the  financialcmte hearing where  federalreserve chairman powell will testify  we are working hard to…
essential reading on m l k day  written to his fellow clergymen  ➡️ https //t co/4cuhelild0
a terrific report from  9and10news about ryno goes to d c 
passed → tax cuts and jobs act  ✅ more jobs ✅ fairer taxes ✅ bigger paychecks for all americans
talking w/ mt reporters about little shell and my coal bill today   alexrosshdn  tomlutey  cdoering  mattvolz mtpol
the farm bill includes important priorities for farmers like protecting crop insurance & ag research funding  here …
rt  robertharding  in case you missed it   repjohnkatko released a video explaining his tax vote and how he thinks it will benefit his cons…
rt  craigcaplan  concurrent resolution authorizing reverend billy graham to lie in honor in the rotunda of the capitol authored by nc rep  …
about to walk into the house chamber and cast my vote for the largest tax relief and reform bill in over 30 years …
just read that comey s book is 20 on the nonfiction list  so where does it rank on the fiction list  sassywithmassie
we don t need solar and wind to save the climate -- and it s a good thing  too
  notredame women s basketball team win ncaa championship 61-58 with miracle shot at buzzer after miracle comeback  go irish   
congressman graves announces  23 5 million in emergency relief funds for louisiana infrastructure repair
rt  speakerryan  in 2013—the last time we found ourselves in this position—here is what senator schumer said   no matter how strongly one f…
rt  johncornyn  2of 2  the tax cutsand jobs act is helping women across the country through lowered tax rates  an increased child tax credit …
i am honored to be selected as the new chairman of the house ways and means subcommittee on oversight  i look forwa…
rt  houseappropsgop  the energy & water subcommittee is now marking up its fy18 appropriations bill  watch here  ht…
nearly 3 in 4 people in  oh10  filing taxes take the standard deduction  which is about to double thanks to…
today s legislative hearing with  secshulkin on va community care will begin at 10 am  stream it here 
i ll be on  bloombergtv at approx 2 40 pm et to discuss how the  housegop pro-growth agenda is empowering americans…
we are now considering h r  4841  standardizing electronic prior authorization for safe prescribing act find all…
rt  mprnews  do not  we repeat  do not trust late march ice  this dog was rescued from a pond today in bloomington
rt  realdonaldtrump  spoke to roy moore of alabama last night for the first time  sounds like a really great guy who ran a fantastic race …
on veterans day  we honor our nation s heroes who have served and sacrificed to protect our freedom  to all our vet…
rt  jdwithtw  it s en en bloc party  amendments numbered 2  3  4  5  6  7  8  9  10  11  12  14  15  16  18  19  20  21  22  23  24  25 as…
live  national security subcommittee hearing on battlefield successes and challenges – recent efforts to win the w…
today we honor and celebrate dr  martin luther king jr  s life and legacy  his courage and vision transformed our n…
nypd officer miositos familia shot dead  another vicious assassination of dedicated cop  thoughts & prayers w her children  family & friends
rt  wjrradio    realdonaldtrump ran his presidential campaign on building a border wall between the u s  and mexico  but are members of the…
rt  speakerboehner  from her scrappy demeanor and no-frills style to her boundless passion for family  literacy and freedom  barbara bush w…
devastated by the terrible tragedy in florida today  my heart is with the victims  students  teachers  parents and…
the government shouldn t be able to gather information on americans without warrants  watch our bipartisan press c…
also on this day in 1802  congress incorporated the district of columbia  our nation s capital  as a city 
today  we honor and thank our vietnam veterans and their families for their sacrifices  vietnam war veterans day…
happy new year 
rt  senatorburr  rev  billy graham will lie in honor today in the u s  capitol rotunda  a fitting tribute to this great man of faith who co…
rt  justinamash  a u s  tariff is a tax on americans  it is among the most egregious of taxes  levied not for revenue raising but rather fo…
next  ca04  townhall  foresthill aug 24 6pm  foresthill high school gym  23319 foresthill rd  7th townhall of 2017 
rt  anna_giaritelli  [photos] ---  repjohnkatko leads bipartisan congressional delegation on national security-focused trip to holland htt…
four years ago this week i talked about how american energy exports are a powerful tool against russia and their ef…
rt  cpc_fl  this is why you must call your insurer before signing anything  you do not need to sign an aob to begin repairs 
i recently shared this statement on the iran nuclear agreement --
tax reform framework 
many thanks to the virginia cattlemen s association and  beefusa for joining us in washington for an important disc…
 nasa appreciates the cont  support from this committee  which ensures that the us maintains a superior position in…
rt  la_dotd  i-10 open from eastbound from highland rd   la  42  to the mississippi state line
international mail shipments arrive in the united states with little information about them 
🕙 today at 10  subcommittee hearing on  the opioid epidemic  implications for the federal employees  compensation a…
met w/  nasa center directors  ellen ochoa  nasa_johnson  bob cabana  nasakennedy & todd may  nasa_marshall  we dis…
yesterday  i spent a few minutes with max schill  who is a rare disease advocate and one of the many faces of the 2…
rt  housecommerce  live now  sub health hearing on  combating the opioid crisis  helping communities balance enforcement and patient safety…
rt  affi  agriculture is pennsylvania s 1 industry  thank you  congressmangt for representing the 45 469 jobs &  1 2 billion in wages in…
as the omnibus vote approaches this week  please read this op-ed from  sentedcruz   senmikelee   jim_jordan  and my…
thank you  usarmyreserve for 110 years of dedication and service to our great nation 
 pursue your passions and happiness will follow   - ethan page  sls2018 
 ohiomuseums thank you for stopping by 
rep  sensenbrenner will soon be starting his first town hall meeting of the week in slinger   wi05 
rt  femaregion5  rivers continue to rise this week  after heavy rainfall combined with snowmelt caused widespread flooding across the midwe…
congressman griffith enjoyed meeting with employees of westrock s covington location in the capitol 
counting down the days until we have a new tax code that helps small businesses get ahead  tax cuts and jobs act…
this week is national small business week  small businesses are the economic engines that create jobs and expand our…
this evening  i went to the house floor to advocate for children  our armed forces  and the american people 
by empowering communities w/ education & service he is truly an actor of change in africa  thank you to pc rotary c…
rt  reppaulmitchell  i look forward to working with my colleagues on the house armed services committee to ensure our nation s military is…
rt  nhtsagov  nhtsa launches drugged driving initiative and announces march 15 summit 
it s time for the senate to put petty politics aside and confirm my friend and former colleague director mike pompe…
really enjoyed speaking in deadwood yesterday at the national guard enlisted convention  we had…
pleased to see the senate has acted on tax reform and passed their legislation  now the house will soon vote to go…
rt  congpalazzo  this week is national small business week and we are celebrating america s job creators   dyk  america s 29 million small bu…
  potus asks   is it not a disgrace that it can now take 10 years just to get a permit approved for a simple road  …
today i had the opportunity to attend the groundbreaking ceremony for the new  wentzvillemo post office  thanks to…
rt  housecommerce  full cmte chairman  repgregwalden and sub d c c p chairman  boblatta on  equifax data breach announcement &gt &gt 
quality  affordable healthcare remains one of my priorities  essential we fund community health centers  programs t…
rt  manhattanda  ▶️ watch live at 1 30 pm — da vance  survivors and advocates urge the senate to pass the fosta/sesta online sex traffickin…
on our telephone town hall last night  i asked constituents if the economy will be better or worse off with the pas…
house passes the bipartisan budget act
rt  senalexander  introducing this bill today --  senangusking   stevedaines   congmikesimpson   repschrader   martinheinrich   sencapito …
rt  glcommission  it s great lakes day on capitol hill  retweet if you think that the great lakes are an natural treasure and an economic po…
congratulations to  karenhandel in ga &  ralphnornan in sc—republicans winning every special election this year shows voters support  potus
tonight  the american people heard the accomplishments of the last year for themselves – not through the filter of…
sgt  frank buschmeier -- on behalf of a grateful nation  thank you for your service 
i am honored to have hosted a veterans resource fair in kokomo yesterday  we will never forget all they have sacrif…
from  repgoodlatte and  senatorlankford   any government office that abuses its power to deny victims their due  se…
rt  dupontbiobased  thank you   repbrochester and  rodneydavis for visiting wilmington today to tour our labs and get a first-hand look at…
19 2 million taxpayers who have paid  or exempt  from the individual mandate penalty  compared to 10 3 million plans paid for on exchanges 
because of the tax reform and deregulation we are seeing the american economy take off  we have added nearly 3 mill…
thank you to my friend  cathymcmorris for this must-read thread showcasing wonderful individuals with down syndrome…
thanks to our witnesses from  google  pwc_llc &  uber for testifying at today s millennial hearing g o p future
rt  libertycaucus  vote alert  hlc statement on senate amendment to house amendment to senate amendment to  hr1892   bipartisan budget act o…
  berttenenbaum thanks for your question  ask buddy
rt  houseagnews  the 2018farmbill will continue putting people back to work by offering opportunities for  snap  recipients to improve thei…
live on the air with  fbtalk  wjrradio from marine city  🎙
i m joining  hughhewitt at 7 30am to discuss defense spending  you can listen at
dave & i are wishing you a very merry christmas - our hearts are full today as we celebrate the birth of our savior…
this particular paragraph is completely false  we are cutting the rates for every income group  except … wait for i…
thankful for the important work  mfripurdue does to help service members  their families  and our nation s veterans…
gulf power is passing on the savings from the tax cuts to you the people  great news for the second district 
i recently co-sponsored the rural broadband permitting efficiency act  this important legislation makes the process…
thank you to combat veteran staff sergeant jeremy levens who served tours in iraq and jordan  click here to watch a…
rt  springfieldnl  springfield ranked no  16 on list of best cities to start a business
rt  presssec  official white house statement on schumer shutdown
happy veterans day  thank you to all who have served 
rt  wsyx6   update   13-year-old kylee hassel is still missing  she was last seen monday night near tanglewood blvd 
look forward to hearing from french president  emmanuelmacron later this morning  proud of the strong ties between…
questioned  secretaryperry at our appropriations hearing yesterday about what doe and the administration plans to d…
rt  financialcmte  video   repannwagner   repandybarr   reppoliquin   reploudermilk  and  reptomemmer share stories of taxcuts making a re…
rt  foxbusiness    repleezeldin on china trade   the president is trying something new  obviously the status quo isn t working  
we have made great strides in the fight against terrorism   potus  realdonaldtrump is truly committed to keeping am…
rt  repstefanik  today the house will vote on impt  reprussell bill that prevents sanctions relief for iranian groups that continue to supp…
rt  edgarsrinkevics  thanks to chair of the house armed services committee  mactxpress for the support to european deterrence initiative ht…
  replukemesser  the  gop  with the help of high ed community can and must be part of the solution  g o p future millennials
great example from  ap on how our new tax law is already helping hardworking folks in texas   todd anderson of te…
check it out  nm ranks 3rd in the nation for oil production  not only does the production of oil & gas in nm stimul…
obama s regulatory red tape was strangling our economy  we have finally cut through these unnecessary regulations a…
legislative branch subcommittee chairman  repkevinyoder  the bill also denies pay increases to members of congress…
i look forward to advocating on behalf of  forthood and  tx31  throughout this funding process 
great to have many groups from oklahoma visit my dc office this week  thank you to the oklahoma state fraternal ord…
i recently visited baitul qayem mosque in delran for a prayer service  to speak with students  and to share lunch w…
rt  aggie_gr  a huge  thank you   to all of our public school teachers throughout the state  who invest their lives into the education of o…
icymi  chairman  drphilroe was awarded  americanlegion s distinguished public service award at the legion s washing…
this is great news  thank you mr  president and we all look forward to welcoming them home 
rt  whitehouse   tonight  i am calling on congress to finally close the deadly loopholes that have allowed ms-13  and other criminal gangs …
today  we are one step closer to fixing the broken tax code 
 cameronventura this is not having a productive conversation  this is a step removed from name calling  since we ha…
i support the nomination of gina haspel for cia director  she has built a distinguished career and has proven that…
the great news keeps coming following passage of tax reform 
on this day in 1860  the first mail was delivered when a pony express rider arrived in sacramento  ca  history
 space florida applauds the work that the house science  space  & technology committee put into developing the nati…
 arfb  repwesterman the pleasure was mine  always good to visit with the next group of great agricultural leaders i…
teamed up with  reploubarletta and  reptommarino today to host a lunch for the u s  capitol police  these brave men…
voted last night to crack down on north korea and the banks that do business with the rogue regime  sayfie
chairman  rep_stevewomack s opening remarks as prepared for delivery during this morning s hearing with  uscbo ↓
may today be a peaceful and joyful day spent with those you love  merry christmas 
another great st  patrick s day parade in syracuse  🍀
this morning my staff attended the  goodwillgceco report to the community   jdgibbons spoke & recognized richard mc…
i ll be on  thedanmasonshow live   3 pm pt  6 pm et  on  newstalk780koh to discuss the inauguration  tune in 
with today s vote  the house keeps our word by completely overhauling our tax system and repealing the onerous indi…
thanks to all who came out to neighborhood office hours in beaufort and bluffton today  here s where you can find m…
check out my column this week on my efforts to advocate for nebraska s agriculture through tax reform …
chairman  rep_stevewomack   our intention is the same with today s hearing as it will be with upcoming hearings  we…
as progress begins to be made along the san jacinto river and lake houston  i will keep our community updated as we…
addressed aircraft carrier industry leaders  acibc  a crucial piece in  usnavy s fleet   aircraftcarrier play an im…
rt  repdannydavis  thanks to all of you that advocated for this bill  while this is the 1st step in lawmaking   repcurbelo and i are very…
tune in to  cspanwj at 6 30am central this morning  will talk about the massive omnibus  mueller investigation and more 
tomorrow is the last day you will have to file taxes using a broken  outdated taxcode  check out five ways the new…
congrats joey on your appointment to  westpoint_usma  because of the schumer shutdown  i couldn t be there in perso…
really great to have columbia  pa mayor leo lutz in d c  today to testify to the  natresources committee  we re wor…
rt  nfib_oh  in  cantonrepdotcom some q&a with congressman &  nfib member  repbobgibbs - he s talking tax cuts    h…
i m urging my colleagues to oppose the disaster supplemental  there wasn t a florida orange grove that wasn t affec…
another good discussion with community leaders in fremont  thanks for your commitment on the issues that really mat…
to my colleagues in the senate - end this schumer shutdown  the american people are paying the price 
rt  newday    repryanzinke  who served w/ mattis  he s the most reluctant to go to war  but knows that if you do  you go to win 
rt  houseappropsgop  chairman  usreprodney applauds house passage of continuing resolution and emergency supplemental for hurricane and wil…
almost game time  go blue  final four
  wsj   manufacturing industry has strongest jobs increase in three years  tax reform is working 
i joined  repdesantis and several other colleagues to call on the justice department & fbi to investigate several o…
  completecollege  solution is to develop an  on time  pell designation to achieve 30 credits per yr & complete degrees on time  g o p future
i am about to give a washington update on  kbtxnews brazos valley this morning  tune in or watch online
great to visit arlington memorial hospital yesterday  they were recently named to the us news list of best hospital…
great to speak with  khqalynsey this morning at lewis hybrids in ursa  be sure to tune in to  khqa to hear our disc…
rt  repjudychu  our pets give us nothing but love  we should return the sentiment  that s why i introduced the heart act  along w/  repjohn…
400  companies expanding employee benefits  4 000 000  americans receiving special bonuses  83 000 000 americans se…
today  i was pleased to meet with  truliant  great discussion about regulatory reform 
both sides agree that the congressional budget process is broken  but there are reasons to be hopeful about the ne…
 philsaggese  senjohnmccain phi alpha  brother 
rt  rodneydavis  glad to join my colleagues  repshimkus and  repbost to talk about how tax reform is helping families in southern illinois …
anti-terrorism legislation i authored  the vehicular terrorism prevention act  passed the house today by a vote of…
today on m l k day  let us honor martin luther king  jr  s legacy and commemorate the hope and healing he brought to…
job openings are at an all time high  there are as many jobs open as there are people looking for one  now  we must…
lincoln and omaha showcasing their entrepreneurial dynamism in the digital age   silicon prairie  has a nice ring …
rosa santana is the ceo of  formaauto  santana auto group s first hispanic woman-owned tier i supplier  she s been…
the house just passed the nuclear waste policy amendments act  this is an important step forward in moving nuclear…
today we recall one of america s most selfless heroes  may dr  king s words and work continue to inspire us on…
this afternoon the house voted to reform our tax system  our goal is to grow our economy and ensure that businesses…
meeting in washington with social security employees edwin osiris  president of afge local 3369  and jennifer ramir…
in december  the house unanimously passed my legislation which triples the federal penalty for female genital mutil…
it is heartbreaking that america has permitted nearly 60 million abortions since 1973  the pro-life movement hasn t…
i came to washington to get things done and have always been willing to work with anyone to solve the serious probl…
 it s vital that we act    repjohnfaso  daca 
praying for majority whip scalise and everyone else who was injured this morning  still waiting for more details 
rt  alecgartnerksnt    replynnjenkins hosts her annual job fair at ag hall with 85 businesses participating 
tax cuts and jobs act
rt  allenwest  today  take the time to pray for our constitutional republic  wisdom for our elected officials  they need it   pray for our…
ara parseghian was a true legend who personified best of college sports & lived the values of notre dame  the era of ara lives on  go irish 
otd 1970  apollo13 explosion   uh  houston  we ve had a problem   4 days later  lovell  haise & swigert home 
dr  martin luther king jr  s legacy challenges us to pursue selflessness and sacrifice for others more today than w…
any floridian planning on traveling to central or southern florida should consider traveling southbound on i-95 …
the united states of america is a country that was founded by immigrants  our success today is directly tied to our…
house passes posey s bipartisan legislation to promote commercial space ventures space act
 the bay area houston economic partnership supports the efforts of congressman babin to further america s human spa…
roy moore disqualified himself for the senate prior to these recent revelations due to his disregard for constituti…
really enjoyed an interview with students from the gettysburgian and 91 1 wzbt  the student-run newspaper and radio…
from day one  the  russian collusion  investigation into the trump campaign was an empty case  it is a house built…
glad to join president  jeffreydocking and students for the state of the college address today  lots of exciting th…
rt  hopeathletics  ⚓ national champions     hopehockey claims first  achamensd3 national championship for  hopecollege with 7-5 victory ove…
rt  secretaryperry  had the opportunity to tour alaska s oil and gas infrastructure with  repdonyoung today  the  alyeskapipeline and energ…
rt  housegop  there are countless ways that the tax cutsand jobs act will be better than our old and outdated tax code  here are our top 5   …
  solarwindwalker thanks for your question  ask buddy
news from april s jobs report→  the job market hasn t been this good in a very long time   🌱our pro-growth agenda…
did you know launches are open to the public  just a few hours drive from fl25   explorespaceksc is open year roun…
rt  prageru  the  splcenter doesn t eliminate hate - they fuel it  watch our latest video to learn more about the  splc 
rt  housegop  now  who doesn t love keeping more of their money  in the tax cutsand jobs act  we    lowered tax rates  so you will see more m…
wow--per this new report  the australian diplomat that supposedly prompted the russian collusion investigation has…
5  and growing  number of states offering only one insurance provider   source  kaiser family foundation  a c abythenumbers
01101001 01101110 01100111 00100000 01100001 01110100 00100000 01101000 01100101 01100001 01110010 01101001 0110111…
  reparrington talks budget process reform in our latest edition of h b c member spotlight 
  drydenwire   duffy asks president trump to stand up to france  germany  others on pharmaceutical free riding 
earlier this week  i received an e-mail from one of my constituents from hartsville about his tax cut  to him  and…
had a productive discussion with local government officials at the allegheny county league of municipalities on com…
 3/4  we need to get support to the states & to local officials  but let s make sure we are smart about how the fun…
great conversation with  jcballentine and  mobankers last week  we covered everything from tax reform to regulatory…
 we re giving employees the flexibility to be involved in their own communities   terrimcclements  pwc_llp g o p future
 bwells34668 working on legislation to do just that  i believe oral health is an important part of overall health 
pres trump & kim jong un to meet    could be historic  very significant & game changing most positively   or not  e…
spoke with the  chicksonright on  93wibc this morning about how the senate needs to quit the political games  end t…
rt  david_j_bier  more than a dozen republicans just concluded a press conference pushing for a legislative solution for dreamers
rt  woodcouncil    repabraham  ty for being an original timber innovation act cosponsor  via  myarklamiss
the tax cutsand jobs act is reviving the american dream  starting next tax day  missourians will keep more of their h…
still time for senate to save florida citrus saveourcitrus  marcorubio  senbillnelson
in this week s farm bill friday  vice chair  congressmangt highlights the opportunities that innovation and research…
rt  lenaweenews  participants in the lenawee county summit were encouraged to be educated on the addictive properties of opioids and how…
joined  loudounbiz for the hire loudoun job fair that featured 60 employers representing loudoun s broad and divers…
rt  uschamber  ways and means committee s  repadriansmith  taxreform doubles the standard deduction  offering relief to folks across the i…
honored to receive three awards for my work on commonsense reforms to expand access to healthcare in the central va…
calling all southwest washington students  congressional app challenge is open   congressionalac house of code  stem 
this afternoon i joined with a large number hoosiers to pray for our country at a national day of prayer event in w…
rt  southdakotaarts  deadline reminder  submissions for the congressional art competition are due by midnight  april 24  please share this…
a big happy father s day to all fathers and grandfathers out there 
the concealed carry reciprocity act of 2017 ensures that law-abiding citizens  second amendment rights do not end w…
rt  houseappropsgop  the committee has approved the fy19 legislative branch appropriations bill on a vote of 47-0 
we have so much to be thankful for  and this year i d like to share the story of one yorba linda resident that dese…
congratulations  repmarcykaptur on becoming longest-serving woman in u s  house history  women make history
it s the last day to apply for an internship in my washington  d c   sioux falls  rapid city  or watertown offices …
it s always inspiring to spend time w/ our men & women in uniform & i was pleased to tell them that they are about…
looking forward to it  tristan_hill_ 
this hurricane preparedness week  take time to make an evacuation plan  for more information on evacuation zones an…
please join me in praying for those injured in the shooting at  thehillbaseball practice this morning 
 ndaa  increases funding for national defense by  88 4 billion & authorizes 20k more servicemembers  importantly  it…
happening soon
louisiana to get  66 million of initial gomesa phase ii disbursement
happening now  the  fy19ndaa  markup is underway  you can watch here 
it was an honor to meet with  deptofdefense secretary james mattis  a richland native  at the 2018 tri-citian of th…
our law enforcement officers & their families make incredible sacrifices every day so that we can all work & live i…
icymi  check out the article below to see my thoughts on the agriculture and nutrition act of 2018 
what we have in the  firststep  act is a rare legislative opportunity  by implementing initiatives focused on rehabi…
  cheniere s new mou to export lng to china will be great for tx27 and  poccaport  the nation s largest lng export…
thank you  cr for the ranking 
rt  judgecarter  today i testify on behalf of my constituents & the thousands of veterans in need of lifesaving transplant procedure 
attention wisconsinites  spring temperatures are coming and flooding is to be expected  make sure you are prepared…
this thursday  my office is hosting a veteran s resource fair at the kokomo event & conference center  details and…
despite my disappointment in this funding package  i refuse to punish my fellow citizens who are in desperate need…
today the committee on education and the workforce heard from the ceo of  nationalservice at a hearing to explore t…
rt  cathymcmorris  dams and fish can coexist  and after more than two decades in the courtroom  let s let scientists  not judges  manage ou…
today marks the last day new jersey families will have to file their taxes under an outdated and burdensome tax cod…
the irs targeted americans yet agency officials avoided prosecution  that s not right  heads should roll    sayfie
today is d e a take back day  you can help combat the opioid epidemic by safely disposing of excess prescription drugs…
yesterday i met with mr  robert wilkie  under secretary of defense for personnel and readiness  to discuss aviation…
great to meet with constituents and aarp representatives lorraine bratton and ben crawford this morning 
great to be with  genmarkmilley - chief of staff of the us army 
rt  betsydevosed   parents know their children s unique needs better than any government official — making parents best-positioned to deter…
looking forward to working w/  wku  centrec  asburyuniv  bresciapr in my new role 
today in 1836  the republic of texas declared its independence on the banks of the brazos river  right here in…
thank you   emmanuelmacron  for coming to congress to speak about the shared values between the u s  and france 
tx14 is the greatest constituency  in the greatest state  in the greatest country  it s an honor and a privilege to represent you 
rt  usnavy  u s s george washington and u s s george h w bush mourn the passing of former first lady barbara bush -
great meeting with wayne county business council members at the annual legislative breakfast  we discussed how…
calling young artists in  ne03  → submissions are now being accepted for the 2018 congressional art competition  lear…
great news  the house just passed rep   susanwbrooks   hr2228   which will help equip local law enforcement agencies…
proud to vote for  faa2018   providing stability to our nation s airspace and airline industry  bill includes reform…
happy birthday to my colleague from oh   repbilljohnson 
praying for students and their families in parkland  florida  our hearts are with you during this time 
today  i had the opportunity to listen to secretary of health and human services  secazar proposal for his agency s…
securing our southern border is one of  realdonaldtrump s most important campaign promises and it s time to deliver…
i m asking questions live now about  nato mobility issues  tune in 
great meeting with sd off-road coalition  sdorc  discussing access to public lands and protecting east county off-r…
rt  cnbc  just in  fifth third bancorp announces plan  to raise its minimum hourly wage for all employees to  15  and distribute a one-time…
this is a powerfully historic moment in time  along with the recognition of jerusalem as israel s rightful and eter…
rt  hurdonthehill  it is my goal to have a clear idea at the end of this it subcommittee artificial intelligence hearing series what it tak…
teachers  thank you for your tireless work in preparing the next generation of citizens  this experiment in self-go…
five companies in  ny27  have given bonuses and raises as a direct result of the tax cuts and jobs act …
 housecommerce every day  animals like ted rely on the food and drug administration to ensure the availability of s…
read how  utaustin astrophysicists are using the z-machine at  sandialabs to re-create stars and revolutionize astr…
appreciated meeting w/ dreamers from  ibm  hearing their stories  & discussing the importance of a permanent soluti…
proud to announce that my traumainformedcare resolution passed the house tonight  this is a significant step in in…
the tax cutsand jobs act is about ensuring hardworking women & future entrepreneurs have the opportunities they need t…
rt  stripes_photog  pay raises  military parade --  hasc  chairman thornberry pushes for trump s parade  pay raises for servicemembers
just voted for relief for folks in  mn02  who use wood burning stoves in our cold winters  supported my colleague co…
uranium one deal led to some exports to europe  memos show via  thehill 
our 47th infrastructure hearing this congress 
mr  phil crenshaw s life of personal sacrifice and faithful service to our country and to the kingdom of god is an…
 laurendevoll we were at treasure coast wildlife center releasing a rescued bald eagle back into the wild 
rt  reppeteaguilar  proud to join my friend  repguthrie to launch the congressional e-commerce caucus  looking forward to working on a bipa…
rt  citizensclimate  thanks to co-chairs  repcurbelo and  repteddeutch and caucus members  repryancostello   davereichert   repleezeldin   …
rt  usmc_legaffairs  tbt to last season s evening parade honoring these congressional marines  reppaulcook   repjackbergman  &  repcarbaja…
  repmarkmeadows  h r  2623 ensures that the federal government will keep searching for wasteful regulations  while…
it also allows texans to write off up to  10 000 of their property taxes 
today the house will begin debate on h r  4  the faa reauthorization act of 2018  watch the debate live on  cspan…
from tackling financial cybersecurity issues to ending human trafficking  there is always more to be done  we ll c…
chairman  repgoodlatte   our nation s safety depends on law enforcement at all levels seamlessly sharing informatio…
it was my pleasure  i appreciate your dedication and insight 
rt  stevescalise  hard to believe it s been almost a year since the attack on the congressional baseball game practice  as we honor police…
rt  gopleader  thanks to  mactxpress and  hascrepublicans  we re delivering what our country and the world urgently need  a strong america …
join us tonight beginning at 7 20 p m  edt for our seventh  va05  interactive town hall meeting of 2018  sign up to…
thanks my friend  great to see you last evening before  sotu2018  keep up the great work 
rt  nahbhome   repryanzinke receives his defenderof housing award from nahb member eugen graff 
 donalles great to see u too - yes i was at the st joe march
  usatoday  tax reform bonanza  small businesses use savings to invest  hire
why do dems want to  repeal and replace  taxcuts that continue to lift up millions of americans across the country…
i look forward to working with my colleagues to find solutions for these persisting problems in silicon valley and beyond   va10 
i am humbled and grateful to have joined over 25 000 in praying for our community  our nation  and the world during…
this morning  my colleagues and i on the  hascrepublicans readiness subcommittee marked up hr 5515  the  ndaa  defen…
fentanyl enters the united states with alarming ease  it is frequently sold online and then shipped to the united…
thank you president kleniewski and student leaders for meeting with me at  suny_oneonta  it was a pleasure to learn…
that s right  94% of these workers have never had a say in who speaks for them at the workplace  according to an analysis by  heritage 
rt  drphilroe  thankfully  this tax day is the last one under the outdated  broken tax code  your money belongs in your pocket  which is wh…
rt  savethechildren  a2-1  foreignaid is a small investment that saves lives and helps millions of people every day  supporting developmen…
i also asked secretary mnuchin about an issue w/ the 2016 ndaa that may harm some guard & reservists who also have…
rt  houseagnews    conawaytx11 on getting  snap  policy right  it s about helping every citizen realize the american dream by modernizing a…
last night  i caught up with  coxmg s  jamiedupree to talk about  potus s great sot u that laid out his accomplishm…
looking for a quick summer trip  try one of nj s great national parks --  morristownnps &  thomasedisonnhp in  westorangeinfo
as a father and grandfather with two school-aged grandchildren  keeping our schools as safe as possible is a duty i…
for  oh02  students  tax reform expands 529 education savings accounts and exempts reduced tuition from taxes for gr…
thank you mr  hicks for the opportunity to speak with your classes today 
clean safe water is vital to our way of life in idaho 
video  obamacare failures continue to pile up  time for a better way →
a bipartisan majority of congress has called for the united states to open an embassy in jerusalem  and it is fitti…
 if human beings are perceived as potentials rather than problems  as possessing strengths instead of weaknesses  a…
spending morning in vineland speaking with high school students & meetings on veterans access issues in our local c…
our farmer population is aging  more must be done to encourage new and beginning farmers to take up the reins  the…
   a short form call report would still provide sufficient information   and the time saved two quarters a year cou…
tune in at 12 00 pm mt 
had a great lunch discussion on federal agriculture policy with members of  alfafarmers today  as house considerati…
way to go   lcscougars  congrats on winning the state championship 
i want to know about the inspiring veterans in  oh15   click here for info  then email oh15 veterans mail house gov …
it s a treat to visit with north texans when they come to our nation s capital  these are a few of the families tha…
visiting members of the u s  coast guard in ketchikan & touring cgc john mccormick ahead of commissioning…
over the weekend  former president george h w  bush became the longest-living president in u s  history at 93 years…
save the lions  sayfie
rt  housegop  this is what investing in your employees looks like  ✅ a meaningful bonus ✅ raising the minimum wage ✅ offering extended  or…
today i hosted a meeting with school superintendents from across ga-1 to discuss school safety  i believe it s crit…
rt  waysandmeansgop  you ve said that you wanted to raise everyone s taxes  you ve been denying the great effects of tax reform for months …
one of the things that makes america exceptional is our strong devotion to service and volunteering  but the corpor…
team fl knows  flgovscott  adamputnam keep jobs in fl  saveourcitrus  mickmulvaney  secretarysonny edatpost  venessawwong
we re making taxes so easy that you can use a form as simple as a postcard  learn more →
congratulations  joegazin on celebrating 40 years at  kiii3news 
he ended slavery  won the civil war  and ensured the united statesof america would remain united  on his birthday  i…
rt  congressmanraja  last week   repralphnorman and i hosted a briefing on the economic benefits of solar energy production through the so…
rt  pubschoolops    replukemesser opening the school choice caucus meeting  i trust parents  goppolicy
as many of you know  diamondandsilk live in hoke county – that s one reason why i asked ceo mark zuckerberg what st…
happy national small business week to our nation s 30 million small businesses  entrepreneurs  and innovators  when…
yesterday  i was in algonquin with  david_mcsweeney   danmcconchie and several others helping with the flooding in…
for fellow parents of teens    good advice here 
welcome to the upstate   marchmadness  ncaa  lets go gamecocks  march madness yeahthatgreenville
i hope you ll join us at the jobs fair today  businesses will be here hiring until 5 00 pm 
each one of those 18 5 billion taxpayer dollars going to someone who is in our country illegally is a dollar that d…
rt  witfnews  miami hurricanes freshman guard lonnie walker iv of reading says he ll turn pro this year  a move anticipated even before his…
rt  repmckinley  tune in now to watch  housecommerce hearing on federal efforts to combat the opioid epidemic 
happy birthday to a great friend and one of the most principled men i know   justinamash  it s an honor to serve with you 
goodbye s aren t usually happy occasions  but as we say farewell to our outdated tax-code  it s all smiles for the…
good read in  newyorker by  nickschmidle about active cyber defense  including my bill to give americans more tools…
rt  americanewsroom  listen   billhemmer asked  repmccaul about the technology used to track the austin bomber
my first read of the day 
rt  repgoodlatte    uspto has been a valued partner in  housejudiciary s efforts to protect american innovation/creativity  which are key t…
 tbt  to my recent visit to the north slope to tour new developments in alaska s oil and gas industry 
joining the  mibigshow with  mpshiels at 7 30 tomorrow morning to talk 2018 and our legislative priorities  be sure to tune in 
the following measure has been added to the 3 pm hearing today  s  114 — department of veterans affairs bonus transparency act 
rt  ntu  congratulations  herrerabeutler on your first  taxpayers  friend award   thank you for all your hard work on behalf of taxpayers …
   of that exodus from these jobs that otherwise would be part of women closing the wage gap  i appreciated hearing…
reaching a milestone this big is no easy task  and i want to take a moment and thank our dedicated caseworkers  lin…
my thoughts and prayers are with the friends and family of rep   louiseslaughter  she was a gracious and tenacious…
rt  repkevinbrady  passed → the house just passed bipartisan legislation that will redesign the irs for first time in 20 years  this redesi…
today the house took bipartisan action to ensure that fewer victims are trafficked online while sending a clear mes…
kicking off veteran and military appreciation week  idahostateu displays a field of heroes- honoring idahoans who…
nigeria  somalia  south sudan and yemen are on the brink starvation  need to work together to stop this humanitarian crisis fightfamine
the opioid crisis has torn apart families and targeted our friends and neighbors during some of their most vulnerab…
i was blessed to be a part of a moving service that the  amlkc hosted today  we celebrated the life and legacy of m…
 hascrepublicans supporting bipartisan budget agreement  crs devastate readiness  waste resources and endanger warf…
all national parks will waive entrance fees on april 22-23 for national park week  more info …
rt  npr  the 35 most important words of inaugurationday
it was inspiring to meet w/ heather lawless  right   founder of reliance ministries  an idaho-based prolife group…
i am about to give a washington update on  wtaw1620  tune in or listen online 
next week  sub environment to hold legislative hearing on h r  2278 and h r  2389 &gt &gt 
proud to meet today s future leaders from the  tamu corps of cadets today whoop gig em  aggie_gr 👍🏾
my final stop today was at vision plastics in delavan  wisconsin  tax reform has allowed this family-owned  custom…
 the doe is the nation s largest federal supporter of basic research in the physical sciences  and the president s…
chester county has taken an important step forward in ensuring ubiquitous wireless service btwn emergency services&…
thank you  speakerryan for serving your colleagues and your country  enjoy getting to spend more time with janna an…
congressman griffith s weekly e-newsletter 2 19 18 topic  serving the ninth at energy and commerce
i m glad that constituents from the watertown area were able to come together for a discussion of the issues that m…
my statement on today s announcement to move the us embassy to jerusalem in may 
houses just passed a new bipartisan law reauthorizing the federal aviation administration   faa 
thanks again for having me  great group 
on this day we remember the family  friends & first responders from  nj  & across the nation that we lost on september 11  2001 never forget
participated in national prescription drug take back day at two lucas county locations today - the sylvania police…
enjoyed meeting with the alabama giving - southeastern council of foundations today   al03 
i introduced bipartisan legislation with  repjimrenacci and rep   peterwelch to significantly improve opioid educat…
i offer my prayers for the victims in paris  charlie hebdo is an attack on freedom of speech - a fundamental right of a free society 
  huttoisd robotics team students are uil state champions  great to see your award winning robot in action and spen…
rt  secnielsen  thank you to  repmccaul &  benniegthompson for your support of the  dhsgov mission 
gruto s ice cream is a great family owned small business in the heart of purcellville and was named by the loudoun…
i applaud  potus for keeping gitmo open for dangerous terrorists  this will make america safer   sotu 
icymi - it was a privilege to join the children s advocacy center for denton county at a recent groundbreaking as i…
when the national labor relations board reversed their longstanding status of recognizing sovereignty of our tribes…
tonight my staff was able to catch a panel that one of my opioid advisory board members participated on - thanks…
the  househomeland delegation was briefed at  portofrotterdam on the safe and secure handling of shipping in and ou…
  ramblersmbb have been leveling their opponents throughout march madness  unfortunately  the graduate students who…
 lesapr  thelittlefella if u ask  will send u list of families of americans gunned down by islamic terrorists in cal & florida  tell them
griffith bill to promote closed-loop pumped storage hydropower passes house of representatives
rt  nrha_advocacy   repadriansmith thank you  repadriansmith for fighting against cuts to swing beds for c a hs  which provide crucial care…
this week  the house passed 3 bills  the comprehensive regulatory review act  the brick act  and the sense act  wor…
 jslovegrove
milcon subcommittee chair  repcharliedent  it is extremely important that we get our infrastructure in shape to sup…
thanks to new drilling technology  u s  net oil imports have plunged to below 3 million barrels a day – the lowest…
rt  housecommerce    repmimiwalters is engaging mark zuckerberg with some important questions about  facebook privacy settings and specific…
 alaskademocrats  lisamurkowski  sendansullivan nice try  great meetings across the state 
icymi  it s been reported that several city & state governments are considering laws to blacklist some federal cont…
the syrian regime led by bashar al-assad must be held accountable for its continued use of chemical weapons to indi…
former first lady barbara bush will always be remembered for her service to our country and her dedication to her f…
rt  gopleader  for nearly a century the use of chemical weapons in war has been outlawed as utterly inhumane and unconscionable  there must…
rt  foxbusiness    speakerryan visits catholic charities fort worth to  discuss workforce development and strategies for effectively helpin…
i enjoyed today s lunch meeting with the elba rotary club  we talked about a number of important issues  including…
rt  tricountyemcga  emc employees from across the us traveled to dc for the nreca legislative conference this week  the goal was to educate…
members of my district staff will be hosting mobile office hours in marion county tomorrow  april 9th  i encourage…
the barbaric attack in  nyc  only increases our resolve to root out & destroy terrorists and terroristorganizations  2/2
we have a constitutional responsibility to protect our nation s waterways  proud to introduce this bipartisan bill…
as rev  billy graham lies in honor at the u s  capitol today  we have a chance to reflect on the way he served both…
it is a privilege to represent the people of  wa04   do you or someone you know need help with a federal agency  you…
rt  matthewsoerens  grateful for opportunity to meet with  rephultgren this afternoon along with  daveferguson   gnodzil & juan  encouraged…
see behind the scenes of the  ndaa  with  hasc  chairman thornberry 
tonight president donald j  trump will deliver the state of the union address to a joint session of congress  i m l…
rt  greggharper  i am so honored to be selected by  speakerryan to chair the committee on house administration for the 115th congress   hou…
this week  hascrepublicans and  hascdemocrats passed all six subcommittee markups as we work toward consideration o…
congress must act to fix broken criminal justice system  nc06 
  kelseytennyson thanks for the question  kelsey  without a doubt  i d road trip with  repjoekennedy ask markwayne
the house overwhelmingly passed the stop school violence act  which will provide law enforcement  students  and sch…
in 1998  i dialed 1-800-usa-army and told them i wanted to serve my country  twenty years later  it is still my gre…
put on the white glove with  daveloebsack at the  nppc baconfest to enjoy a delicious pork shank and some bacon …
rt  repmarkwalker  today  we say working class families  not the government  are best equipped to make financial decisions  tax reform 118…
i was honored to receive a letter from the ethiopian human rights task force regarding my support for the house pas…
fitting that on national ag day students from  acesillinois visited my office  they had great questions about the ag…
the use of chemical weapons  by any nation  will not be tolerated  read my full statement here following the presid…
i will not be complicit in paving iran s way to a nuclear weapon  stop iran deal
mothers not only give us life they give of themselves to see us succeed  today  we as a nation  thank the mothers i…
china is challenging the u s  in space and cyber development  i included a provision in the national defense author…
 defendourfuture it s my pleasure  always grateful to to talk about the importance of combating and mitigating for…
masterful speech by  potus trump at un  proud of american values  no apologies  no retreat  god bless america 
vote now for the 2017 art competition s people s choice award  our high school students appreciate your support 
live at 2 00 p m  →  cbp_mcaleenan testifies before  househomeland to discuss his vision for  cbp  watch here …
today i voted for hr 3697  we must do everything to fight gang violence from groups like ms-13 and enhance public safety for our communities
rt  mlive  thanks to millennials  grand rapids remains hottest u s  housing market
 you are looking for jesus the nazarene  who was crucified  he has risen  he is not here   jesus has risen and proc…
i m pleased that the  fy19ndaa  contains my provisions to better support our military spouses and bolster our artifi…
rt  robertharding  today   repjohnkatko testifies at a house committee hearing in support of his synthetic drugs bill 
check out today s  dailynewshdn for a recap of our panel discussion on the opioid crisis 
a large amount of the opioids entering our nation are smuggled through mexico  we need to protect our communities…
have a question during the  ldtc17  conference  ask anytime using  ldtc17  
i thank col  robert a  williams  head of the maine state police  for his 33 years of service for the people of main…
the lives of everyday american families are changed with the tax cutsand jobs act because it   ✔ expands the child t…
tax foundation projects 14 097 estimates full time jobs will be added in il thanks to the tax cutsand jobs act - real…
continuing to see the benefits of tax reform-  verizon commits new investment of over  200 million to give  stem  r…
rt  houseappropsgop  this morning at 10 am   congmikesimpson chairs an energy & water subcommittee hearing on the fy19 budget request for t…
rt  housegop  because we just delivered the largest increase in funding to the  deptofdefense  they can now purchase and/or upgrade  14 shi…
rt  rep_stevewomack  failing to fund our government  ignoring the plight of states running out of resources for children s health insurance…
rt  secretarycarson  talking w/  reppittenger and local leaders about how north carolina is using  hudgov cdbg-dr funds to help rebuild fro…
rt  reppittenger  over 100 economist to congress   economic growth will accelerate if the tax cutsand jobs act passes  leading to more jobs …
today i voted for jobs  bigger paychecks and a stronger economy  our 20th century tax code desperately needed upda…
i spoke on the house floor today to urge the u s  senate to do its job and pass the s t o p school violence act to secur…
rt  housescience  today at 10 a m  ⤵️
i urge  realdonaldtrump to release the memo
safe travels to california and show california how  tx11  can knock it out of the park  proud of you boys 
rt  houseappropsgop  the transportation  housing and urban development subcommittee just approved its fy18 appropriations bill on a voice v…
tune in at
6 health insurance companies will exit az s marketplace in 2017    - az central
i ll be joining  kevinwallradio at 1 pm et  10 am pt   tune in live 
while there is still work to do  i believe that the legislation congress passed today will deliver relief to local…
disappointed in  usdot decison about norwegian air  i ll continue to stand with our us airlines to ensure fair competition 
team trott stands strong w/  stevescalise  oakland cty native matt mika  & the  capitolpolice at tonight s…
fishermen & shellfish growers are key economic contributors to our pacific co  communities  i m pleased to introduc…
rt  repdlamborn  my colleagues and i called on the navy in a letter to reconsider appointing a secular-humanist chaplain  doing so would di…
individuals in guilford and rockingham counties can register with  fema at or at 1-800-621-…
happening now-- mark zuckerberg testifies before the full  housecommerce committee  we need to ensure that you are…
rt  housegop  500  companies have announced new employee benefits 4 million  americans are receiving special bonuses  4 billion  in bonuses…
rt  hurdonthehill  in case you missed  househomeland s april terror threat snapshot ↓
saddened to learn of the tragic terrorist attack in new york today  praying for all of the victims and their families 
very excited to hear that york & harrisburg were chosen for the 2017  riseofrest bus tour - a national effort to boost entrepreneurship 
small-business confidence hit record high after tax-reform win  small-business confidence is surging as optimism ri…
icymi  i joined  foxbusiness  varneyco → as the former secretary of state of tx  i know firsthand how important it…
rt  wsj  defense secretary mattis said reports of chlorine gas being used against syrian civilians and rebel fighters appeared to be credib…
rt  stevescalise  the bad news → today is tax day 👎 the good news → this is the last time americans have to file their taxes under the old…
on the phone now with  kenmatthews  talking about my mueller report  listen in live online here 
rt  stevescalise  american workers have received over  3 billion in bonuses so far from over 300 companies thanks to the tax cuts and jobs…
iran nuclear agreement review act congress correct to distrust pres in negotiations but this measure misses the point
huge news  last week  i sent a letter to  jeffsessions signed by 12 other members calling for a 2nd special counsel…
under  realdonaldtrump  we ve lowered taxes and cut regulations so small businesses can grow in communities all acr…
rt  glenmillsabc4  utah  repchrisstewart urges calm in the face of rising tensions with north korea  utpol  abc4utah
rt  beltwaybeef  happy to chat with  replamalfa to thank him for his support on key issues facing ranchers and beef producers  including el…
teamed up w/  billpascrell to secure funding for critical cops public safety grant program  strong bipartisan vote 
i visited mr  george griffin  one of the last surviving  tx22  wwii veterans to thank him for his years of service t…
congratulations to hildale park presbyterian on their centennial in cedar knolls 
rt  shopfloornam  nam chairman david farr to  waysandmeansgop   when i sat here a year ago  our country had a tax code that made things h…
big thanks to marietta hs football team other volunteers helping move items out of marietta office today in case of…
rt  gachildcare  we had a great time discussing the onerous background check rules impacting  gachildcare members  thank you for your stell…
joining  billhemmer on  foxnews at 9 45am  tune in 
watch tomorrow at 10am - aviation hearing on the state of aviation safety 
we must to come together to build our communities & nation for a stronger  more prosperous tomorrow  sotu 
  repschrader  i don t understand other democrats who are opposed to this  fix our parks
icymi  here s my full interview with  msnbc s  alivelshi on the health care proposal 
let s continue working to create jobs  support families  & defend freedoms  sotu  ---&gt 
merit monday  hr559 
chaired fed lands subcmte hearing today on fed land acquisition / impact on communities and environmnt  natresources
the committee s oversight hearing on  deptvetaffairs implementation of appeals reform will begin soon  stream it he…
today i stopped at the newsstand restaurant in sullivan for a coffee with your congressman event 
one key insight from my teletown hall last night  of the 26th district constituents who were dialed and chose to pa…
we know the assad regime continues to slaughter innocent people  it s been documented & captured in horrific image…
today s events in charlottesville should not be tolerated  all americans should unite against racism & bigotry  one nation  under god 
proud to help highlight  cityoflenexa and the entire kansas city community as a hub for entrepreneurship & growth …
although iran has complied with the structural components of the nuclear deal  the behavior of the iranian regime i…
rt  maggiesheely  in greenwood w/our friends  indianachamber &  gwchamber to recognize  reptrey for his support of the  in9  small business…
yesterday  the house passed  hr3364  the countering adversarial nations through sanctions act by a vote of 419-3  i supported it   1/7 
the senate needs to stop the political games  end the filibuster  open our government and put the american people b…
debbie and i wish you a happy and blessed easter as you spend this day with your family and loved ones 
rt  thedc_opinion  north korea might negotiate in good faith this time but it would be the first time via  dailycal…
tbt to celebrating more than 100 new jobs in hancock county on monday with governor  billhaslam…
excited to be at the laurens  nwtf_official dinner this evening 
rt  waysandmeansgop  now live → day 4 of markup of the tax cuts and jobs act
passage of the tax cuts & jobs act brought monumental changes to u s  tax law  & many people have been trying to un…
 houseappropsgop passed agriculture / energy & water funding bills  continuing to prioritize taxpayer dollars and oversight 
joining  pamabc3340 on  abc3340 right now   al06   make sure you tune in 
thank you for the kind words  johnny  i appreciate the work we do together and your friendship 

our office has worked with members from both parties to find solutions to combat the opioid epidemic  expand access…
loved visiting with my good friends from the five and six county association of governments this morning 
my bracket is now out of the running in the office but i could not be happier for  kuhoops  congrats on making the…
rt  repmccaul  honored to be invited to the  whitehouse by  potus and  secnielsen for a law enfocement roundtable on ms-13  watch it live h…
had a great time at the winterset chamber of commerce friday coffee yesterday   ia03 
chairman  petesessions welcomes chairman  repkevinbrady   replynnjenkins  and  repjohnlewis to testify on three…
thanks to the tax cutsand jobs act  this is the last taxday hardworking families in nc & across the country will hav…
finally  this bill helps eliminate the strategic advantage that foreign companies hold over america s small biz by…
rt  rollcall  roll call s  rebeccaadamsdc is live with  peterroskam discussing the latest developments in health care policy being shaped a…
congressman leonard lance  nj-07  put pen to paper this week  sending governor phil murphy  d-n j   a formal letter…
tonight s bipartisan house vote of 388-25 to end human trafficking is proof we can get things done  proud to have st…
rt  repstevestivers  progress on the national veterans memorial and museum designation bill i introduced with  repbeatty and  pattiberi -&gt h…
when i was young  i wanted to be a farmer  life didn t exactly work out that way 
congress added  4 billion to combat the nation s opioid epidemic as part of the federal funding bill that  potus si…
hurricane season is around the corner  june 1st  for more information on how you can best prepare follow  fema …
day 20 for 31 reasons4 tax reform→ our broken tax code makes american less competitive 
every freedom-loving person should support the people of iran in their fight against the brutal iranian regime  i…
rt  foxnews    darrellissa   any time a company is essentially monetizing data  there has to be a lot more protection for the consumer    s… 
rep  perry offered the following statement in the wake of the domestic terrorist attack in charlottesville  va 
rt  edworkforce  🕙 today at 10am → a hearing on  protecting privacy  promoting policy  evidence-based policymaking and the future of educat…
congratulations again to christian bertoni for winning the congressional app challenge  national app day
 you will do it — because you can  ryan holets  abq police officer  is an incredible inspiration & a person with tr…
next week  the subcommittee on health will hold a legislative hearing  read the full committee schedule here 
rt  gwcchs  join us for chairman  repmccaul s state of national security address  plus insights from  repjohnkatko   hurdonthehill   repgal…
i love this view of our planet earth  happy earth day  utpol
icymi  earlier this week  i visited with local  starbucks baristas about taxreform benefits and then got…
enjoyed visiting with students  hartlandhigh today for a productive discussion  great to hear from so many engaged…
the house intell committee voted to release the memo  but our work does not stop there  we must continually strive…
on saturday in moorestown  i presented eagles head coach doug pederson with a copy of the congressional record i su…
while this morning s attempted terrorist attack did not achieve its goal  it s a harsh reminder of the radicalizati…
rt  uniteky  april 28 is take back you can drop off unwanted medicine year-round at these sites https //t co/enrc8lcssq 
rt  housegop  the tax cutsand jobs act is pro-family  through and through  thanks to the ✅ doubled child tax credit ✅ preserved child & depen…
rt  househomeland  today marks the 25th anniversary of the first attack on the world trade center when terrorists detonated a bomb inside t…
rt  justinamash  congress hasn t authorized war against syria  unless pres trump expects imminent attack on u s   use of force is unconstit…
praying for  flotus to have a speedy recovery 
rt  michiganymca  the  annarborymca thanks  repmikebishop for a great visit and for helping the y keep kids safe  y advocates
growing skills gap is leaving businesses struggling to find workers w/appropriate skills & workers without meaningf…
dec  7  1941  a date which will live in infamy  may we forever honor the brave american heroes who lost their live…
great read from  senatorwicker championing the 355 ship navy 
rt  housefloor  10 00 19am - the speaker designated the honorable joe barton to act as speaker pro tempore for today 
last year  i secured this important vote and kept my promise  before knowing that this congress would go on to insc…
rt  susanendalz  great to see  peterroskam friday  thank you for always being a champion to end alz   we look forward to working with you o…
enjoyed supporting  toledorotary at their foundation fundraiser in support of the great work they do for so many g…
 rileywi77648955  fema  tsa  fema_brock  femaregion6  toddahunter riley  give nicole in my office a call so she can…
just spoke with  doreyscheimer about tax reform  we promised hardworking americans more jobs  fairer taxes  and big…
rt  natlparkservice  national park week is a great time to explore amazing places  discover stories of history and culture  volunteer  and…
rt  hughhewitt  i am relieved
i hope everyone has a safe and happy st patricks day ☘️
our background check systems and databases must be complete to be effective  facilitating every state to report eve…
i ve read the memo and strongly believe it needs to be released to the public  the american people deserve to know…
welcome home to the ne national guard s 402d military police battalion  they were deployed to provide security at o…
rt  housegop  happy birthday  reagan  we hope you like your  early  birthday present  tax cutsand jobs act 
if we as americans desire to continue to have our constitutional liberties & freedoms  then we must first maintain…
speaking of inspiring students    check out the weisssat1 resolution written by students at the  weissschool in pbg…
great meeting with  indianabankers today  i look forward to working with banks across northern indiana so they can…
join me this weekend in remembering those who ve lost their lives protecting people & property fighting fires  than…
it s so hard to make sense of the absolute tragedy that happened in parkland today  schools should be safe  not d…
joshua 14 14 therefore hebron became the inheritance of caleb the son of jephunneh the kenizzite until this day  be…
rt  foxnews    tgowdysc on missing fbi text messages   bias is insidious  bias is the one thing in a courtroom    the judge will give you t…
congratulations to wyatt murphy on his acceptance to the u s  air force academy  wyatt performs at the top of his c…
house gop wants to be part of the answer  we want to look out for our leos & look out for the people they protect police week l e task force
rt  amerenillinois  no matter the weather our lineworkers  and all our co-workers  work hard to provide safe and reliable energy  on nation…
it s always fun meeting students from the 13th district who are visiting our nation s capital  today  students from…
i had a great time talking with you all this morning about some of the most pressing issues in the field …
rt  wingo_starr1  i hope everyone has a great day except whoever made this
a small business owner from iowa in the oval office being recognized by  potus for the bonuses and raises he gave h…
congrats  noah  the  af_academy is lucky to have a young man like yourself 
rt  ukinusa  uk and us troops have served alongside each other for decades  in iraq  twice   in the balkans  twice   in afghanistan and in…
second speaker takes the mic  ethan page  entrepreneur   sls2018 
house administration to review mission of  usgpo in post-print world
tune in to  foxbusiness this morning at 7am central  talking to  mariabartiromo on  morningsmaria about taxes …
rt  nwsfortworth  severe thunderstorm warning including dallas tx  garland tx  irving tx until 7 15 pm cdt
thanks to the local members of the international union of bricklayers & allied craftworkers for taking the time to…
rt  steveknight25  today is vietnam veterans day  my father  pete knight  flew more than 250 combat missions in vietnam  let us never forge…
rt  repjenniffer  the committee of  househomeland invited me to participate in the hearings as a congresswoman from one of the most affecte…
rt  housegop  let s get down to the facts on the tax cutsand jobs act ✅ 90% of americans will see bigger paychecks ✅ business confidence is a…
rt  repkevincramer  the house northern border caucus met canadian ambassador david macnaughton on capitol hill today   housecommerce
  potus s  sotu  address is right on prison reform   as america regains its strength  this opportunity must be exten…
at the white house with  realdonaldtrump honoring our nation s wounded warriors  it s an immense privilege to be ab…
looking forward to tonight s dialogue 
sat down with the orange county transportation authority to discuss ways we can cut congestion and improve transpor…
on this day in 1836  the texas militia famously shouted  remember the alamo   while attacking santa anna s army  th…
thanks  intermediate iguanas  for your continued contributions to our community 
i m working hard to make sure students are equipped w the right education   skills to help them succeed in 21st c e…
rt  nascar  lead dog  retweet to congratulate  kevinharvick on winning the busch pole 
rt  hascrepublicans   repwalorski  repryanzinke talk about gtmo detainee transfers to other countries   fy17ndaa 
more than 1/2 of people that met w/ clinton while sec  of state gave money to clinton foundation  clinton scheme
join us wednesday  may 9  beginning at 7 20 p m  edt for our seventh  va05  interactive town hall of 2018  read more…
it was an honor to present vietnam veteran  dave pace of salem with his second bronze star medal with valor 
splashdown  orion successful first step on our journey to explore deep space 
passed  the tax cuts and jobs act means more jobs  fairer taxes  and bigger paychecks  read my full statement on…
i love horses and view them the way most people view their pet dogs  but witnessing our nation s wild horses and bu…
maybe we should invite the winkelvoss twins to the facebook hearing this week  privacy
31 reasons4 tax reform 
democrats chose to shut down our government  deprive our children of health care  and hold our military hostage all…
appreciated the invitation & opportunity  great discussion and engagement with south jersey s future leaders  frank
rt  usdard  we are underway at our latest rural prosperity roundtable at  hartwickcollege in oneonta  ny  assistant to the secretary for ru…
in case you missed it   potus  realdonaldtrump issued a  whitehouse presidential proclamation on sunday designating…
rt  waysandmeansgop    repjimrenacci   as a businessman  it is hard to imagine that in 2018 i would still be using technology created more…
glad to help get the sagamore wind project approved for roosevelt county  this project will lead to the largest win…
the opioid crisis affects every aspect of society – from education and prevention to enforcement and recovery  alon…
🚨 chairman  repmccaul gaveling in now ↓
appreciate meeting with beaver county school district educational leaders to discuss schoolsafety & service acade…
this is great news for idaho omnibusbill fire fix now
rt  deptvetaffairs  va  secshulkin joins  housevetaffairs for a legislative hearing today  more on today s agenda at
this year many north texans and americans around the country have been impacted by the influenza virus  today we he…
rt  rickedu12  united states representative smucker addressing 5th graders at eis today and emphasizing the importance of learning computer…
praying for the safety of the residents of mountainburg and the surrounding area who have been affected by the torn…
by the time this agreement is enacted   deptofdefense will have around 5 months to spend the money  i was very conc…
rt  beschlossdc  6-year-old future president theodore roosevelt  circled  watches abraham lincoln funeral cortège in nyc  april 1865 
helpful information  thank you for your tireless efforts   uscg 
that s why we ve introduced the employee rights act – a set of solutions to hold unions more democratically accountable to their members 
 ceejaycraig  be glad you don t get all the government you pay for 
jim jordan & i are up on tucker in minutes talking about releasethe memo  release of memo will launch investigation…
he is risen  may this easter sunday bring you hope  joy  and many blessings  happy easter
do you need help managing your smallbiz  check out  sbagov s free virtual conference →
my bipartisan legislation — the e s p e r e ract would give these immigrants the peace of mind to continue giving back t…
rt  housegop  you ve heard about 4 million workers getting  4 billion in bonuses  but have you heard about the 48 states where utility bill…
rt  reptipton  happy small business week to the more than 29 million small businesses across the nation that create jobs  provide important…
rt  housegop  the flags of the  uscapitol are lowered to half-staff to honor the courageous men & women of america s law enforcement who ga…
the u s  and our allies must hold the syrian  russian and iranian regimes accountable for the barbaric chemical att…
it was an excellent meeting  thank you for coming in  farmers feed nutrition matters
the sanction bill we passed today increases economic & political pressure on russia  iran  & north korea  i urge senate to pass it quickly 
pay parity 4 all  jointbasemdl employees   usopm to issue regs boosting paychecks & enhancing joint basing tomorrow
excited to see house passage of my bill to streamline expansion of terror lake hydro project on kodiak  read more
today is national prescription drug take back day  between 10 am and 2 pm  be sure drop off any old or unused presc…
mis colegas  roslehtinen  repsires y yo le hemos escrito al presidente  kencen respecto a nuestra preocupación sobr…
happy birthday to my fellow texas colleague   repkenmarchant 
rt  houseagnews   hbd  to house ag member  congressmandan  glad to have him on the cmte  mi-01 has over 1 1 mil acres in farm land
this bipartisan bill is good for american businesses  workers  and consumers  and it includes commonsense fixes fro…
today is our 10th school choice staff briefing  gearing up for more opportunities next congress to ensure kids have…
rt  stevescalise  a schumer shutdown would have real consequences for many americans  it s time for  senatedems to vote to keep the govern…
did you know the house is voting today to fund federal programs that keep all american secure 
 able  accounts help people with disabilities save for living expenses like medical care  education  transportation …
another tax reform success story from  fedex -&gt 
icymi  last week   housegop elected  rep_stevewomack as the house budget committee s new chairman  in today s budge…
 apsouthregion  maryaliceparks  ap yes to both 
rt  lafourcheso  packed house  sheriff craig webre &  lafourcheso representatives are in attendance as the bayou region chambers host  repg…
read my full statement on  potus s state of the union address   sotu 
bingaman  domenici   johndingell and i during the conference committee for the energy policy act of 2005 
you can watch the hearing here 
more jobs  fairer taxes  and bigger paychecks  these are the results that we promised  and taxreform is deliverin…
i was glad to speak with lee matthews on  newsradioktok yesterday  we talked about my recent fact finding mission i…
rt  reptipton  the tailor act will tailor regulations so that community banks and credit unions aren t hit by burdensome  costly regulation…
rt  autismvotes  thank you  repstevechabot for welcoming  autismspeaks  johnscrazysocks  autismsociety  autonomyworks to speak on employmen…
rt  lauren_boals  thank you  repsanfordsc for stating our voices from the lowcountry  decisions locally are just as important  people  you…
rt  justinamash  this was the last week in our d c  office for one of our best interns   arcarrier  thanks for your hard work and service t…
rt  natresources  the g o act  which has already passed the house will streamline the recreation permitting process to help outdoor small bu…
i am on train to gop conference  i am ok 
this congress is passing more bipartisan bills into law than any congress since 2008  according to a study from quo…
this weekend  assad launched yet another barbaric chemical attack against syrians  killing many innocent people  including children 
today   housescience examines  energy s 2019 budget request and the impact the funding could have on civilian resea…
we celebrate national park week  we re blessed to have little rock central high school nhs right here in central ar…
beautiful day in  cny  for the ride for  clearpath4vets  here with wwii vet marty before start of the ride 
i encourage facebook to further investigate the ways terrorist organizations are utilizing communication mechanisms…
providing for the defense of this country is not just another line item in the budget – it s a constitutional comma…
honored to receive the 2018 spirit of enterprise award from the  uschamber  proud to fight for american workers and…
the house is voting soon on  fy18ndaa  – a strong  bipartisan bill to restore our national defense and give our troo…
our farmers and ranchers are essential to the vitality and security of this great nation  and this legislation help…
after available to full house  i voted to allow republican-drafted memo from  houseintelcomm be sent to president f…
he is risen indeed  happy easter to all from tom and me  easter weekend easter sunday happy easter he is risen
i will be voting  no  on the final tax plan  the bill agreed to in conference makes some improvements  but the ch…
rt  vp  thanks to the historic trump tax cuts  today marks the last time the american people will file taxes under a complicated & outdated…
inspiring to see so many  pndhs and bloomington central catholic students in town for tomorrow s march for life  en…
i love this story of a constituent from tiny tims foundationfor kids who is recognized on tv for making and donating…
rt  govmattbevin  housing is a critical component of any successful re-entry process  especially for those exiting the criminal justice sys…
met with members of  missouribio and  missouricures this afternoon to discuss healthcare among other legislative p…
the president s speech tonight is one of positivity and i believe it will truly resonate with the american people  joint address
rt  mirikramer  the fact that the national space council meeting is happening in the middle of a spacewalk is somehow telling 
if political will were there  we could do so much more  such as enact r s c budget
we honor our veterans who experienced unthinkable hardships as prisoners of war & those who remain missing in actio…
hardworking families and small businesses in pa are anxiously waiting for congress to clean up the federal tax code 
yesterday  i spoke w/ the  sportsfansvoice about my bill that s in the  housegop tax cuts and jobs act  tax reform…
4- for now  we should be grateful for the years of service that rodney and his family have given his district and o…
great to meet with walmart employees who received their taxreform bonuses this week   sc07 
great to be on with you talking govt funding- and of course  the  vikings    mn02 
rt  houseagnews  house ag highlights how work helps lift work-capable  snap  recipients out of poverty  2018 farm bill watch full video 
today s  epa announcement is an important first step to getting the federal government out of america s backyards  fields and ditches  wotus 
 speakerryan is a fine leader and has demonstrated solid leadership in the house  he skillfully led historic reform…
tax reform works
some snap asset tests haven t been updated since the 1970s and that has limited the ability of beneficiaries to put…
rt  houseforeign  house passes  repmccaul bill holding iran accountable for its brutality
i spoke on the floor of the u s  house of representatives to express my support for the use of public-private partn…
today and every day  we honor and remember the lives lost on september 11th  we remain committed to protecting our…
rt  waysandmeansgop  at noon today  we begin consideration of the tax cuts & jobs act – historic legislation bringing lasting tax relief  h…
support term limits for all members applied equally  democrat or republican  by the way  top two dem leaders - mino…
rt  whitehouse  president trump s initiative to stop opioids abuse and reduce drug supply and demand will confront the driving forces behin…
casey and i are blessed to welcome our son mason joseph desantis  8lbs  4oz and very strong  both baby and mom are…
   by implementing one vision  to help members to live  a life like yours   since moving on the paxton campus sever…
rt  speakerryan  checking out a self-driving car with  repgregwalden while touring  intel in oregon  wish they had these when i got my lice…
the peaceful transfer of power  as the 45th president of the united states is sworn into office  is something   …
tax reform is already working   tcja  tax cutsand jobs act tax relief
rt  libertymoma  thank you  repmialove
rt  arstatechamber  u s  sen  john boozman and congressman bruce westerman will be visiting small businesses on wednesday  may 3rd in el do…
rt  freep  ford to invest  350 million  add 800 jobs in livonia
rt  tomrooney  i wrote  potus  with my zero-cost solution to america s infrastructure problem
look forward to hosting a town hall here in yukon later this afternoon  we ll be at 10 west main street from 5-6 pm 
positive news from the trump wh this morning  grateful to learn 3 american detainees being held by n  korea are on…
the committee stands in recess and will reconvene at 7 10 pm 
i support  potus decision to work with governors of states along our southern border to strengthen security until m…
rt  natresources   we will build gleaming new roads  bridges  highways  railways  and waterways across our land  and we will do it with am…
i believe every single member of congress should have an office at their local va like we do  which is why today i…
thanks to all for hosting another fantastic hanover day 
rt  nprweekend    repsanfordsc says he opposes opening offshore drilling off the coasts of south carolina   its a decision at odds with fed…
rt  oakgov  april is autism awareness month   judsoncenter and royal oak are hosting a tree-lighting ceremony tonight for world autism awaren…
congressman griffith s weekly e-newsletter 8 21 17
today  i visited with texas state rep  phil stephenson about harvey recovery and the tax reform bill the house pass…
barbara bush was a great woman whose life was an example of grace  strength  character and service to both her fami…
hats off to the 8th graders from holy family in green bay for encouraging people to go electronics free this weeken…
 3 billion paid by taxpayers for individual mandate penalties   source  investor s business daily  a c abythenumbers
interviewed with usa today on the importance of recovering america s wildlife act  an innovative initiative for wil…
reminder  i m hosting a telephone town hall for you & your family tonight at 6 45pm cst  dial 877-229-8493 and use p…
today some students from  illinois_alma stopped by to discuss the importance of science & engineering research  as…
today i supported consolidated appropriations act  which provides funding for remainder of fy18 while making much n…
read  freep columnist  brianddickerson   would students trade retirement benefits for student debt relief   here →…
if you are having issues with the federal government  my red tape cutters will be having mobile office hours today…
during womens history month we are reminded that the work we do here in congress must reach today s young women with…
back from official  houseintelcomm trip to china & south korea focused on a number of classified issues though nort…
thanks to tax reform  many rate-payers across america are seeing lower utility bills and keeping more of their hard…
rt  americanewsroom   china does not want a lot more american military  planes  [etc ] near its borders   -  mactxpress
senate democrats shouldn t play politics with our military  our servicemen and women deserve better than this …
in addition to establishing parameters for removal  e g  misconduct  dereliction of duty & conflict of interest  et…
flooding will leave significant damage behind in our communities  as i saw up close today  i m grateful for our fir…
it was great meeting with seniors from new life christian academy in kimball  who were in washington for a class tr…
it was good to see the  wawheatgrowers this afternoon  our wheat growers rely on overseas markets  and as chairman…
carteret county  don t forget i m hosting a teletown hall tonight  to join  please call 888-480-3626 starting   6pm…
 libertycliff  justinamash  repthomasmassie  jim_jordan  reptomgarrett  andybiggs4az  markmeadows your last line is…
rt  houseforeign  chairman  repedroyce welcomes release of american hostages from north korea
i was honored to attend this congressional ceremony for  mlk50  - and meet his son  so many inspirational speakers …
  dcexaminer   mcdonald s expanding tuition benefits for employees citing tax reform 
as a representative of  forthood  i find it absolutely unacceptable that despite the governmentshutdown  members o…
congrats to  sshs_cougars s justice best from sparks for being named a winner of  cspan s  studentcam competition https //t co/laab747ppb
further  may we always remain grateful for the safety and security that our men and women in our armed forces work to provide us daily 
as we learn more about the parkland shootings  the levels of government failure are astounding  parkland
rt  foxnews    repchrisstewart on manafort-russia investigation   this doesn t tie directly back to the trump campaign  it doesn t tie back…
 icymi    pearce statement on full-year funding for military  vital health care programs  ---&gt 
proud to join  potus today as he announced executive actions to expand educational opportunities for america s work…
rt  juliebanderas  california republican congressman  darrellissa tells me the privacy of the census is absolute and says citizenship is a…
rt  buckeyedoc  2 heart warriors   repgusbilirakis for championing the congenital heart reauthorization act and our very own ryan moore for…
rt  opb  oregon  repgregwalden introduces bill to expedite reforestation in the gorge  ravaged by eagle creek fire 
two years ago  they promised to have the safety measures in place by the time they began service  their repeated at…
ray s artwork will be displayed in the u s  capitol  alongside the masterpieces of contest winners nationwide  and…
releasethememo
happy easter sunday 
applications for a nomination to a us service academy are due october 1st  for more information  contact susan mets…
thornberry  military service chiefs warn of serious consequences without proper military funding
rt  housegop  there are countless ways that the tax cutsand jobs act will be better than our old and outdated tax code  here are our the top…
discussed adoption issues affecting hoosier families with  ethembassyus amb  kassa tekleberhan  i thanked him for w…
thank you so much to the calvary baptist church in waterloo wisconsin for including us in your weekly prayer intent…
it was a pleasure to meet with bill holder and lonnie hunt representing the deep east texas council of governments…
more good news for texans  take a look at  taxreformer list showing workers benefiting from the tax cuts and jobs a…
this morning  i met with local alzheimer s association ambassador  gracie cooley  we spoke about the importance of…
rt  housegop    potus  taxreform will be heading your way soon  we re committed to getting 2059more back in the pockets of everyday ameri…
ahead of tomorrow s historic 45th annual march for life  i was proud to pay tribute on the house floor to the contin…
dyk  - spent nuclear fuel sits idle in 121 communities across 39 states  but this morning  the house is acting to…
we have 3 committee hearings happening this week  details here 
thanks  arfb for coming to washington today and sharing your input with me on the farmbill and your priorities for…
rt  brazoriacounty 
the  duplication of benefits  fix will result- if passed- in greater access to restore la   and accelerate comite d…
great to tour brazos bend guardianship services this afternoon with my new friend justin  we discussed bbgs s impor…
today at 4pm central will talk to  larryoconnor on  wmalnews about caravans of immigrants approaching us-mexico border  tune in 
rt  repmartharoby  icymi  last week i visited the montgomery lions club for their weekly meeting  i was glad to offer an update from dc  in…
folks pay taxes on their hard-earned   for the promise of future social security benefits - an important part of their financial security
americans come together in times of crisis  here s information on how to help those affected by hurricane harvey 
  reprussell  through congressional action and actions by executive agencies  52 percent of gao s recommended corre…
 speakerryan makes a pitch for tonight s vote for flood insurance reform in this great post  glad to have your supp…
rt  replobiondo  applaud bipartisan effort of my nj colleagues  repjoshg &  replancenj7 to restore salt in tax reform package  continue to…
many thanks to leslie marsh  ceo of  lexrhchealth in lexington  nebraska  for coming all the way to washington to…
happy tax day  our tax reform package is putting extra cash into floridians  pockets  here s how one of f l17 s big…
this morning  i sent a letter to senator doug jones urging him to vote  yes  on mike pompeo s confirmation  with th…
rt  repkaygranger  i worked closely with secretary mattis to ensure this bill provides him with the resources he needs to implement the new…
 bobbielenhoff did you even read the tweet you re replying to 
icymi  republicans supporting the prolife event today  speaker ryan did an incredible job  did you see any d s on t…
the small business tax equity act enshrines the principle of federalism  if a state makes something legal  it ought…
lucas-bridenstine weather forecasting bill passed in the house
happy first day of school  cobbschools  cobb back to school
full committee hearing today at 10am  catch up on the topic ➡️ american taxpayers deserve to see their tax dollars…
rt  repdavidyoung  i ll be celebrating national small business week by visiting small businesses across the third district  be sure to follow…
koskinen shldve been fired or impeached long ago  thankfully his time as head of irs is coming 2 an end  i look forward 2 new leadership 
with  clchamber honoring this year s grand marshall of the crystal lake parade rep  mike tryon  congratulations 
rt  march_for_life  us rep  black pushes for added protection for pro-life healthcare workers  cbnnews  repdianebla…
texas will never forget  customsborder agent vega s faithfulness and bravery  our bill passed the house & is headed…
next week  mark zuckerberg will testify before  housecommerce about  facebook s use and protection of user data  in…
 212to502 if you want to get brassywithmassie  don t conflate an ar-15 with an ak-47
40 companies & counting have announced employee bonuses since the tax cut & jobs act was signed into law  boom  40…
whether it s 🎣 and ⛵️ in the f l keys or 🚣 and 🚴 at  evergladesnps  outdoor recreation is not only a way of life in…
community health centers have a tremendous impact on the health & wellness of hundreds of thousands of hardworking…
rt  tax_experts    reptomrice addresses our n a e a fly in delegation  stressing the impact the tax code has on everyday american lives and the…
the dow is up big again  soaring almost 200 points this morning  after 8 years of painful liberal-induced stagnati…
rt  sharedhope  breaking  historic anti-sex trafficking bill passes the senate  heads to the president s desk  fost… 
excited to join sec  elaine chao at the dot in congratulating the  kdothq who have been awarded the opportunity to…
  repterrisewell & i want to preserve home health for our seniors & people w/ disabilities  more about efforts here 
today s  fl26  womens history month spotlight recognizes rachel bowman  a dedicated commercial diver in the f l keys …
rt  chipbrown  my favorite billy graham quote   i am who i am by the grace of god  billy graham would say this anytime someone praised him …
thank you to a great group of summer interns - savannah  cole  henri & derrick  all your work was greatly appreciat…
trump meets with rep  shuster to discuss infrastructure
rt  cnbcnow  just in  at&t announces it will  pay a special  1 000 bonus to more than 200 000 at&t u s  employees  due to tax reform passag…
it s a great day to be in eastern ky   govmattbevin & i will be making a big announcement at 10 30am - live  wymt or
rt  adamshifriss    repsmucker asks if we need incremental changes or an overhaul of the budget process  rivlin says you can build on exist…
team reed celebrated with the chautauqua adult day services for their 35 years of dedicated caregiving to older adu…
in 1996 supervisor  gearyhiggins father who owned the building donated it to the county  mr henry plaster of the b…
have you talked to your neighbors to make plans on how to support each other before  during  and after a storm  be…
rt  hurdonthehill   we are not naïve about the likelihood of future cyberattacks against digital elements of election systems  but we also…
rt  fcnljustice  bipartisan event with leaders on c j reform & second chances to commemorate 10th anniversary of the second chance act  than…
rt  gliacsports  ❗️national champions❗️ no  1 ferris state defeats no  3 northern state 71-69 to capture the 2018  ncaad2  men s basketball…
rt  laurenwestbrook  join us today on  wafb 9news at noon for a conversation with  repgarretgraves about preventing future disasters like t…
rt  vadotlynchburg  roads closed or partially blocked by downed trees  power lines or other debris are being reported throughout most of th…
enjoyed visiting with these ag student leaders from  okstate who are visiting washington with the  okyouthexpo
rt  scottwongdc  op-ed from rsc chair  repmarkwalker  before daca deal   we need to increase border security  improve interior enforcement …
indeed  the penny plan would force congress towards action instead of continually kicking the can down the road wit…
 as e-commerce and global trade flows continue to rapidly grow  the united states must work with our international…
rt  vp  thanked the incredible men and women who work at  dhsgov for stepping up to protect our homeland & our people  america is safer and…
today marks the celebration of purim and i want to wish the jewish people a joyous and fulfilling holiday 
it was great to discuss the importance of small businesses & entrepreneurship at the  alltech innovation forum toda…
it s a great morning here at the firecracker run  warrenvillepark  happy 4th of july 
rt  reperikpaulsen  it s small business week -- be sure to support our local minnesota small businesses this week 
spoke to  kendallforward of  oann today about  housejudiciary &  gopoversight s probe into doj actions last electio…
i m proud to announce the 17 students from the 4th district that have been nominated for entry into one of america …
rt  pepfar  on world a i d s day  u s  reaffirms our commitment to end a i d s  this day also serves as a remembrance of millions who have lost th…
rt  sentedcruz  in case you missed my op-ed in  foxnews w  senmikelee   repmarkmeadows  &  jim_jordan urging our colleagues in congress to…
great news ➡️ my legislation  the blue water navy vietnam veterans act  just passed through the  housevetaffairs co…
my condolences to the entire bush family as they mourn the loss of first lady barbara bush  her strength and resili…
rt  financialcmte    federalreserve chairman powell testifies before our committee tomorrow for the first time  he ll update us on monetary…
rt  mhta  explosion of blockchain uses and benefits to eliminate middleman  reptomemmer talking at mn high tech spring
enjoyed having dinner with sec def mattis yesterday evening  great discussion with  hascrepublicans colleagues on a…
thank you all for your support of this vital legislation
tax reform is working  according to  nfib  small business earnings have risen to record highs  read more on how…
come hear representative  boblatta speak on legislative data & transparency tomorrow at the  ldtc 
this group is working hard to develop and grow jobs in the river valley and western maine and i applaud their effor…
tax reform is doing incredible things for folks in  ga03 
rt  edenprairiepd  this week is national public safety telecommunicators week  & in honor of that  we d like to publicly thank the 13 eppd…
rt  vp   construction firms added 61 000 workers  the biggest increase in nearly 11 years for the sector  
sub health is now considering h r  5554  to amend the federal food  drug  and cosmetic act to reauthorize user fee…
 mikejinid ps - you got the russian bot thing wrong too  i ll just leave this right here for you 
please join me tomorrow for my gaffney opioid summit 
i m incredibly grateful to welcome my friend  stevescalise back to the house floor today 
rt  thehill  house votes to block aircraft sales to iran
 today we give space exploration a booster rocket in the form of h r  2809   -  housescience chair  lamarsmithtx21…
i also was able to honor deptuty constable mark gregory deibold of the tarrant county constable s office - precinct…
delivering weekly republican address on saturday 
rt  housecommerce  sub health chairman  michaelcburgess and sub oversight chairman  greggharper seek answers on d c  s maternal and infant…
rt  waysandmeansgop  today  the committee will mark up  repmikebishop &  billpascrell s bill securing the international mail against opioid…
let s get our straightforward reform through the senate 
on this day in 1908  crowds gather to drive the golden spike at sheridan s pt   connecting vancouver & pasco  wa…
rt  housebudgetgop  icymi  unsure of what s covered in the current budget process  easy explanation here 
frank buschmeier  a wwii veteran from milford  oh →
sign up for updates from the  jecrepublicans  ⬇️⬇️
the night before he died  martin luther king gave this inspiring speech  utpol
rt  okagpolicy  live in oklahoma panhandle   repfranklucas will host town halls in beaver  boise city  guymon this week  more here 
today is national take back day  several police departments and some pharmacies in  fl17  will be collecting unneeded…
but today  we re focusing on the close to 3/4 of state & local workers who are covered…
great  wispolitics breakfast this morning talking with fellow wisconsinites   stevenolikara &  wendyriemann  about…
as we recognize world down syndrome day2018  we celebrate the joy and dignity that individuals with down syndrome bri…
rt  indiana_soy  thank you  replarrybucshon for attending today s coffee chat  we greatly appreciate your support  i n coffee chat
if trump were to find a cure for cancer then the national press would report that he is ignoring all other diseases…
rt  househomeland  some highlights from today s  househomeland hearing with  secnielsen  📸
in february  ranking member larson & i sent a letter to president trump asking him to nominate a commissioner w/o delay 
great discussion with some so fla immigrants brought to our country as children today  tune in to my roundtable to…
great trip with  repmarkwalker  rep  gianforte   repjohncurtis  &  reparrington to an offshore oil rig  this trip a…
yesterday  i spoke with  nc_governor about the recovery efforts  we both are amazed to see all the organizations  c…
 pat_defdaily thanks for the question  i ve made it easier to find on the website 
we have a responsibility to ensure our vets have the care & benefits they have earned  that is why i introduced the…
rt  mikecrapo  agribusiness contributes to over 128 000 jobs in idaho  happy national ag day 
  statedept must make it very clear to dictatorship  attacks on us diplomats won t be tolerated & will have severe…
congratulations to  badgerfootball on a great season capped off by an orange bowl victory  on wisconsin
more good news for kansas farmers and ranchers  tax reform works 
 repjenniffer  drphilroe the one va hospital serves 93k vets on puerto rico   the us virgin islands  that hospital…
rt  housegop    starbucks just announced major employee bonuses thanks to the tax cutsand jobs act  it s a good morning for baristas everywhe…
rt  waysandmeansgop  at 11 30am w&m human resources subcommittee will host a hearing entitled  hearing on jobs and opportunity  employer pe…
in case you missed it  you can read my op-ed in  reporternews on how west texans are already reaping the benefits t…
families and businesses all over colorado balance their budgets every day and the federal government shouldn t be t…
tune in now to  supertalk to hear about the new gop tax plan & more   paulgalloshow
today  i fulfilled one of my long-term goals serving in congress  voting for a fairer  flatter and simpler tax code…
rt  betsy_klein  play ball⚾️
after six months  students at kingwood high school returned to their campus today  after the flood waters of   
it was a privilege to present the  prschools afjrotc seniors with their graduation certificates  congratulations to…
so very honored to present mrs  mary ellen florey with the service medals of her late husband  former warren mayor…
2 samuel 7 16 your house and your kingdom shall endure before me forever  your throne shall endure shall be established forever 
rt  arforestrycomm   not only are healthy forests critical to clean air  nothing is better for clean water than healthy forests   says  rep…
president trump is right to exit the iran nuclear  deal  and hold iran accountable for their reckless and dangerous…
rt  repfrenchhill  tune into the  financialcmte as i ask  federalreserve chairman jay powell questions 
rt  houseadmngop  house gop released framework 4 fixing our broken tax code  learn more about this first step for jobs & opportunities
only the most outstanding and dedicated young men and women are admitted to these institutions  and i m so proud of…
rt  waysandmeansgop  after tax day – with the frustration of dealing with the irs fresh in our minds – now is the perfect time to vote on l…
who would pay  26 a gallon when next door it is selling it for  2 50  amendment adopted dod approps budget spending
rt  christopherave  anti-online sex trafficking bill backed by  repannwagner and  clairecmc passes senate - and trump is expected to sign i…
oklahoma city va will be holding a town hall this month for veterans to hear from leadership & share their thoughts
give airports control of their own revenues and they ll be less dependent on the federal government  thank you…
proud to vote for the biggest overhaul of our tax system in over 31 years today  our bill brings relief to middle c…
 mikecasonal    just another example of how our tax cuts are hitting everybody s bottom line  unemployment is at…
rt  johncornyn  1 of 2  more than 70% of moms have jobs outside of family life  women make up 47% of the workforce and 40% of family breadw…
 berriengsc thank you for all your hard work - glad i was able to stop by
our officers deserve our utmost respect & appreciation  thank you for all that you do…
what a refreshing idea   i can find no warrant for such an appropriation in the constitution  
i applaud  potus for keeping pressure on north korea & china  that pressure  in spite of harsh criticism frm dems/m…
 slefebrehhs  woodtv as you know  the current senate rules require 60 votes for spending bills  the house sent all…
rt  transport  today the house will begin debate on h r  4  the faa reauthorization act of 2018  watch the debate live on  cspan and follo…
here s why i m voting yes on the tax bill 
we must address the mental health crisis our nation is facing  today  i joined my colleagues in sending a letter ur…
more great news for central arkansas  opportunity zones created by the house tax reform bill will help provide inve…
with the career research class at ironton high school this am 
rt  stevescalise  5️⃣0️⃣0️⃣  companies are raising wages  paying bonuses  improving benefits  or lowering utility rates because of tax refo…
rt  upmcpolicy   reptomreed s representative   we raise the beam for an important component of care  mental health  and birth of a child …
merry christmas to you and your loved ones  i wish you all peace and prosperity in the new year 
palatine receives congrats from  peterroskam for high ranking for safest u s  cities  via  dailyherald
tax reform has given some businesses the confidence they need to expand  debra recently took the risk of opening up…
allegations in memo are serious  but must not be used to impugn the fbi or discredit the investigation by special c…
i believe that warriors like chris kyle are some of the best and bravest our country has to offer  tcot
rt  repstefanik  today we will discuss highereducation  a topic that fills our news cycles and is discussed at kitchen tables across the c…
 mackinacisle and  traversecity will be featured on an upcoming episode of trip flip on  travelchannel
rt  foxnews    tgowdysc   i want to see the memo  i want to talk to director comey 
our constitution needs a balanced budget amendment  read this week s mullin it over to see why 
always enjoy speaking at wallbuilders  our nations pastors are in a fight against religious liberties and it is an…
rt  ronlin  earthquake early warning system gets big boost in house budget bill — lawmakers pencil in  23 million for the new budget year …
indian tribes deserve the same economic opportunities as non-tribal citizens  i m pleased my bipartisan bill was ap…
fisa collection on an american citizen is an extremely powerful tool & any abuse of that process is a massive probl…
rt  baxter_troutman  thanks rep  tom rooney for looking out for floridians still dealing with the the aftermath of hurricane irma  our stat…
glad to be working w  potus on reducing job-killing regulations and cutting taxes for american workers 
for nearly a century the use of chemical weapons in war has been outlawed as utterly inhumane and unconscionable  t…
sad day for the state of georgia as we mourn the loss of an icon who fearlessly advocated for our state  his public…
rt  mariodb  tune in   mickmulvaneyomb is testifying before  housebudgetgop on the administration s fy19 budget request 
did you know  manufacturers in georgia account for 11 0 % of total output in the state  employing 8 8 % of the workforce  m f g day16
 taxreformer supports my commonsense  no bonuses for tax delinquent irs employees act  learn more here 
rt  waysandmeansgop  from bloomberg  markets  record number of u s  small-business owners say it s a good time to expand  optimism taxref…
chag sameach to all of my friends who are gathering to celebrate passover 
rt  thelensnews  u s  lawmakers discuss international trade policies and how the current landscape influences washington state at the  wash…
icymi  yesterday i urged commerce secretary ross to complete their investigation into foreign steel dumping
rt  iowapork  several iowa pork producers visited washington d c  this week to meet with legislators and congressional staff  they emphasiz…
rt  repbrochester  this morning  i was proud to join  bgov and my colleague  repwalberg for an engaging conversation about the bill he and…
 harvey damaged homes and tragically took lives from our texas family  but it could not damage our texas spirit  …
hey  mast_academy made the  usnewseducation rankings - 13 best high school in florida  these sharks aren t supers…
thank you prevention coalition of monmouth county for your work to address the opioid epidemic & assist struggling…
rt  davereichert  the opioid epidemic is growing & destroying our communities  in wa  the number of opioid-related deaths is surpassing our…
hard-working american families can start dreaming again because a stronger economy is on the horizon  the…
in pa and across the country  companies have announced higher wages  bonuses  & other employee benefits in response…
big news ➡️ i m proud to see such great bipartisan support for this common-sense  life-saving legislation …
spring is finally here and that means summer is just around the corner  if you re planning a trip to  dc   please re…
we lost a great member of the community  stan brown positively impacted thousands of people & will be deeply missed 
i commend today s commissioning of the  usslittlerock9 - the  usnavy s proudest new ship - as it carries out our na…
rt  faanews  attention drone pilots  do not fly your drone near the kilauea volcano in hawaii  the  faa  has flight restrictions in pla…
have a question for my staff  ask it at my mobile office at centerton city hall on may 17   ar3… 
it was great to meet with the kentucky fire commission this morning  thanks for keeping kentuckians safe 
pleasure to meet with  cityofsarasota mayor shelli freeland eddie and city engineer alex davisshaw about beach reno…
congratulations to minidoka memorial hospital for going the extra mile 
rt  cspanwj  icymi   warrendavidson  r-oh  took viewer calls on issues of this week including speaker ryan s retirement  trade policy & the…
rt  txcomptroller  good to see  repjoebarton today  the dfw-arlington metroplex is the 8th-largest exporter in the country and vital to ou…
exciting announcement  my bipartisan bill passed the house yesterday with unanimous approval  h r 4043 will protect…
southern utah is enjoying the economic & cultural benefits of increased access to federally controlled land  this…
icymi  my  usnews op-ed abt hurricane harvey destruction & how we should move forward with flood insurance   nfip 
it s no secret that wisconsin is known for its beer  enjoyed meeting with the wisconsin beer distributors associati…
rt  houseagnews  house ag highlights how work helps lift work-capable  snap  recipients out of poverty  2018 farm bill watch full video 
rt  repbyrne    repstevechabot and  repbradwenstrup  you can rest assured that this fine alabama-built ship will represent the city of cinc…
the positive impacts have started but are just beginning 
i am honored to serve on the liberty university music faculty board  our concert tonight is streaming live now on…
rt  69newsbusiness   this airport    is critical to the greater berks region   rep  ryan costello says on visit to  rdg  
with german chancellor angela merkel s visit to the u s  later this week  the senate should quickly confirm…
once again we are reminded that violence  hopelessness  & a lack of mutual respect are too prevalent in our culture…
thank you  60plusassoc for the guardianof seniors rights award today 
the tax cuts and jobs act will create jobs  grow our economy  and increase the amount of money central valley worke…
  usrepgarypalmer  every year the federal government loses billions of taxpayer dollars because of improper payment…
rt  stevescalise  the fact that  reptrentkelly and all of us on that ball field last june survived  is a testament to the power of god and…
great to have members of the  stpso in dc today to celebrate police week  thank you for your service keeping our co…
we must ensure that decisions to vote for or against a bill are on the bill s merits  not because of whether a memb…
rt  82ndabndiv  alright  all americans - jump into the work week  monday motivation
having properly dredged ports & harbors is vital to growing the economy in muskegon  holland  grand haven  and ludi…
thanks for the call george  i got your message  another example how the current tax code is punishing small busines…
today i spoke with  foxandfriends about my resolution condemning farrakhan and his animosity towards the jewish fai…
rt  waysandmeansgop  live  this morning at 9 00am w&m members will hear from  secretaryross on potus s recent trade actions  particularly…
rooney calls for russia investigation to end no collusion  realdonaldtrump
please join me in prayer for the families of our brave marines who were lost in yesterday s helicopter crash near e…
rt  reprichhudson  enjoyed having  drphilroe and  drnealdunnfl2 with me on  640amwfnc to chat with goldy on good morning fayetteville  grea…
the good news for american workers is still coming in  tax reform works tax reform
did you know  small businesses create 63% of new jobs for americans  that s why small businesses are vital to our n…
rt  highplainsjrnl  amid a new farm crisis  some advocate for rural mental health services in next farmbill  reptomemmer
rt  housegop  500  companies have announced new employee benefits 4 million  americans are receiving special bonuses  4 billion  in bonuses…
mepolitics
president reagan even said it himself  tax reform benefits all americans and lets you keep your hard earned dollars…
today  potus signed the allow states and victims to fight online sex trafficking act into law  the new tools provid…
thank you  friends of the fort worth herd & friends of cowtown coliseum for honoring me at last night s cowboy gala 
tax reform isn t just helping american job creators and workers  it s also helping our students  manufacturers like…
i was behindthebar this morning at the  starbucks to learn more from students enrolled in s-cap and discuss how…
enjoyed spending the morning with chief anderson and  villageoflisle police department  thank you for protecting o…
while there are things that social security is getting right  there is still room for improvement 
happy to meet with american boating association  aba  as we talked about the importance of promoting safety …
welcome home to our national champions and congratulations on the incredible victory  a buzzer-beater win for…
acc  to social security chief actuary  even w/o a taxable maximum  the program will be run cash flow deficits again w/in the next decade 
a mobile disaster recovery center opened 10/1/17  in e  palatka for fl storm survivors  it s open 8-8pm till 10/4/17
comment period on proposed national park fee increases runs through 11/23  submit your comments here 
i appreciate  govmurphy coming to capitol hill & meeting with the new jersey congressional delegation   addressing…
wishing you a blessed weekend as we approach the anniversary of the birth of this great nation 
rt  repdonbacon  growing economy  growing employment  growing wages  growing optimism 
i was humbled to join so many friends & elected officials from the city  county and state at the third annual  pray…
if you are looking for a job  come join us today 
 hoppyguy2017 not true  i ve been a strong advocate for chip funding--pushing for reauthorization in september--and…
16 years ago  terrorists attempted to tear our nation apart  but americans came together to unite as one  we will never forget 
my office is now accepting artwork from n y21 s high school artists for the 2018 congressional art competition  for…
on take your child to work day i have the honor of having 8-year-old seth with me for the second year in a row  my boys…
i see what you did there    great catching up with my colleague from wa  repderekkilmer  listen in to find out a fe…
that a political operative could hire someone to compile a dossier  which is then used by federal law enforcement a…
it is with a heavy heart we mourn the loss of an inspiring first lady  wife and mother  barbara bush loved our coun…
insulting the sacrifices made by thousands of hoosiers is not consistent with our values  stand for the flag |
rt  speakerryan  it s the primary duty of the federal government to provide for the national defense  we re voting today to modernize our m…
rt  tomschatzcagw  i agree with  repmarkwalker  by trying to revive earmarks  house leaders could reverse all of last year s accomplishment…
proud to see that president trump is signing our  ndaa  bill into law  gives troops largest pay raise in 8 yrs & pro…
thornberry statement on house failure to pass health care bill
congratulations to my friend  former colleague  and first secretary of  statedept from kansas  mike pompeo 
essential that congress be given detailed explanation why  speakerryan forced house chaplain to resign  has any oth…
rt  mobankers  thank you  repblainepress for your leadership to help strengthen the economy in our communities  communitybanks
rt  natresources  now  oversight hearing on changing demands and water supply uncertainty in california →
the most important thing in the  fy18ndaa  is the support it provides the men and women in uniform  they can never be replaced 
i ll be on  kboi670  idaho talks live  at 9 05 am mt  we ll be talking about my bill to expand geothermal energy…
rt  waysandmeansgop  there is good news for americans this tax day  chairman  repkevinbrady and majority whip  stevescalise explain ⬇️
  lisamurkowski  together  we can find solutions to protect our fisheries  our communities  and our marine ecosyste…
great meeting with you to talk about our schools 
rt  wmaldc  listen here to  wmaldc s  motm  show today with  thedcvince   marywalterradio   heritage s  gundisalvus   repandyharrismd   dcex…
i was honored to attend the 2017 national veterans award dinner  this year s award was presented…
rt  speakerryan  this week s tax reform good news  3️⃣ 9️⃣% unemployment rate  lowest in nearly 20 years  3️⃣ 2️⃣5️⃣% hourly wage growth…
tomorrow is national prescription drug take back day  i encourage everyone to use the map to find a collection sit…
tune in  joining my colleagues shortly on  housecommerce to review facebook s policies and practices regarding user…
i m thrilled to announce jiwon yu  a sophomore from  myccs  as the winner of this year s congressional art competit…
interns from senator  lisamurkowski s office stopped by today to discuss their time in dc & ask a   of questions  t…
kudos  flgovscott for shining light on opioid epidemic  first responders also must have tools to stop overdoses on scene naloxone sayfie
 n_foley_  k0d_4  repedroyce  darrellissa u r not counting telephonic town halls which involve 4 times more citizens  but no disrupters
with kids beginning spring break and the summer fast approaching  the capitol s busy season is just beginning here…
don t forget  tomorrow is national drug take back day  be sure to check your home medicine cabinets and take any ol…
rt  repralphnorman  participate in my twitter q&a  ask me questions by using ask rep ralph norman  and i ll answer them here over the next f…
businesses & people across nm & america are feeling the benefits of tax reform since it was signed into law  so  wh…
🚨 my second bill of the night is being voted on now  the justice for victims of irs scams and identity theft act of…
former first lady barbara bush has always been a woman of faith  strength  and class  i m praying that she is comfo…
rt  scactionnetwork   the federal government s investments in early learning programs are critical because of all the benefits   --  tomcol…
last week i had the privilege of participating in the ribbon cutting of carter county s early head start programs p…
rt  interior  national parks are vital to local economies  new report finds that national park visitation added  35 8 billion to the nation…
enjoyed the  weeksbay bald eagle bash yesterday as we celebrated earth day by spending time outdoors enjoying some…
it s great having my wife ann in dc  we re looking forward to hearing president trump s state of the union address to…
enjoyed meeting with  cvshealth in florence about ways we can end the opioid epidemic  their medication disposal bo…
the good news keeps coming  the tax cuts and jobs act is generating a stronger economy for all americans  tax reform…
head over to for a live stream of my queen-of-the-hill press conference starting momentarily 
congratulations to abigail  from  rockcanyonhs  she is the winner of this year s  co06  congressional art competitio…
rt  humanesociety  many thanks to  peterroskam for introducing the pace act to strengthen animal fighting prohibitions 
rt  repmikerogersal  thank you to  govmatterstv for interviewing me today about the ever-growing need for a space force   hasc  space corps…
many of you have asked exactly what the house whip team does- watch this to find out 
rt  sylvesterturner  after receiving permission from the governor s office  the city has lowered the texas flag to half-staff in front of c…
on veterans day we pause to remember and acknowledge the courage and dedication of the men and women of our armed f…
great time at today s service academy appointment  congressional medal of merit  and congressional art competition…
icymi   congressmangt dispels misinformation on  snap  in 2018 farm bill  we can all agree skill-based education is t…
rt  natresources  🚨live at 10 15 am🚨 full committee markup of 3 bills
rt  westerncaucus  congrats  markamodeinv2 on passage of your strategic and critical minerals bill through  natresources committee  we re w…
rt  kevcirilli  up next  chairman hensarling joins me live  he s against the tariffs  we find out why   bloombergtv  rephensarling
chairman bishop &  rephanabusa  when it comes to reducing the maintenance backlog at the  natlparkservice  a bipart…
rt  hhsgov  help educate women about endometriosis symptoms during endometriosis awareness month  join the  know endometriosis symptoms  t…
live now on  foxandfriends
spotted in dc  the cherokee nation youth choir visiting the  whitehouse  if you re in dc this weekend  see them perfo…
rt  faanews   faa  approves 7 grants totaling  1 4m to improve airport infrastructure across oklahoma  f a a airpor…
rt  taxtimeallies  join  ccianet tomorrow at  itech_college for a freetaxprep event – guest speaker  mariodb will discuss how floridians c…
that s why i was pleased by today s welcome news that the atf finally listened to 78 of my colleagues and i on both…
rt  uscapitoltree  the lighting of the 2017 u s  capitol christmas tree is happening now  catch the live stream of the ceremony on facebook…
synthetic drugs are driving the rise in overdoses across the u s  read my op-ed in the  pokjournal about stopping…
today s third district thursday photo is of the joe louis statue in beautiful downtown…
the world s most destructive weapon cannot be in the hands of the world s most brutal dictator
with the election of  realdonaldtrump  the american people sent a strong message that they wanted a government that…
americans stand in solidarity with our friends and allies in london after this heinous terror attack 
thank you for hosting me and we are proud to have  amazon_policy in arizona 
we owe it to every american to come together and do what s right by reopening the government and reauthorizing chip…
what a great story from  beltonisd  it s always special to welcome our  forthood soldiers back home to  tx31   thank…
 sheilaginhb  womensmarch  naacp constituents dneeding assistance make appointments&meet in district office everyday  ur antics expose u
congrats to sam olens for his appt  as  kennesawstate president & chris carr for his appt  as  ga  attorney general 
coming up around 10 15 chairman  petesessions will be managing the rule for the senate amendment to h r  1 - tax cu…
nearly 6 000 missourians proudly serve in the u s  army reserve  on this day  we wish a very happy 110th birthday t…
icymi  chairman  drphilroe opening statement from this morning s hearing on  deptvetaffairs fiscal year 2019 budget…
great crowd last night for  aipac  american israel public affairs committee  annual dinner in sarasota  we all shar…
on sunday we attended the rock to live suicide awareness concert in purcellville to benefit the american foundation…
about to go live on  foxbusiness  tune in 
  jim_jordan  there is yet another report – issued in february – highlighting irs continues to give bonuses to bad…
enjoyed our meeting 
approval of the tax cuts and jobs act continues to grow as companies reinvest in their employees  and people see mo…
historic - new horizons space craft reaches pluto
i admire the french for their resilience  strength is the only message isis respects 
 we are adding new voices to this rich history project—& recording the sacrifices of all who have served… 
time 4 critics to acknowledge  potus speech in warsaw defines & applauds exceptionalism of us & west  no apologies or equivocation  overdue 
looking forward to joining  koanewsradio this morning at 7 10mt to discuss tariffs and north korea talks  tune in  🎙📻
house passes posey s bipartisan bill to commemorate the 50th anniversary of apollo 11
rt  houseagnews    conawaytx11  i crafted a budget-neutral nutrition title that i believe not only keeps faith with  snap  beneficiaries but…
great stuff from  speakerryan   tax reform continues to bring u s  businesses home  tax reform
it s the duty of the federal govt to keep americans safe  we must ensure that taxpayer dollars are not being used t…
rt  housegop  passed → a funding bill that meets the priorities of americans  including    ✔ rebuilding our nation s military  ✔ taking dir…
rt  natlparkservice  fifty years ago  on april 4  1968  dr  martin luther king  jr  was assassinated  to honor king s legacy  martin luther…
at this morning s event  i was humbled to receive the u s  chamber of commerce spirit of enterprise award for my pr…
rt  ccadelago    darrellissa says he s a  no  on conference tax overhaul bill  saying  unfortunately  the changes do not go far enough to g…
great to have  secretarysonny in north dakota to discuss the importance of agriculture with producers 
rt  repmiketurner    hascrepublicans &  hascdemocrats  fy19ndaa  markup still ongoing  tune in here 
 though modern presidents like to ignore this point  the framers were quite clear that the president isn t to decid…
this morning i recognized paul wenger on the house floor  a longtime resident of modesto  paul has consistently wor…
  speakerryan is both my colleague and my friend  we were lucky to have him as our speaker and there isn t a doubt…
with president trump s announcement  the u s  is finally following through with what congress enacted in the 1995 jerusalem embassy act 
i commend president trump for his actions in expelling russian intelligence officers from the united states followi…
 the ultimate measure of a man is not where he stands in moments of comfort and convenience  but where he stands at…
headed back to south jersey  quick reminder my staff & i stand ready to assist residents with navigating federal go…
 the overall national loneliness score was alarmingly high at 44 on a 20-to-80 scale  but the prevalence of social…
since 2011  over 100 kids w/ autism lost their lives after wandering from safety  house overwhelmingly passes…
when our veterans returned from vietnam they weren t always treated with the respect or appreciation they deserved …
onthisday in 1743  thomas jefferson was born in shadwell  va  as our 3rd president and one of our founding fathers…
always proud to support  hope4heather & funding for ovariancancer research  teal action
an increased tax return is only one result of tax reform  across sd  people have received bonuses  pay raises  and…
thank you to  secretaryzinke for appearing before the  natresources committee this morning 
numbers 23 9  as i see him from the top of the rocks  and i look at him from the hills  behold a people who dwells…
had the opportunity to speak at a crohn s & colitis briefing as co-chair of the caucus  an important issue to me  a…
great be aboard air force two this afternoon heading home with the vice president and other hoosiers 
last week  i hosted  nchousespeaker to discuss the rampant algae overgrowth polluting bladen s white lake  this mee…
as we appreciate the achievements of women throughout history  we iowans are lucky to be represented by iowa s 1st…
icymi  always a pleasure to join  cspanwj & discuss the topics that are driving the news  thanks for having me 
hasc hearing on dod s culture of innovation - chairman  mactxpress kicks off the hearing - watch live here 
senator bob dole fought bravely in wwii and then went on to serve in congress with integrity  today this hero and s…
i will do everything in my power to ensure those who were brought here  through no fault of their own  are not unjustly punished   daca 
rt  defconhill  the hill navy vet lawmakers want to create military litigator corps  republican reps  ryan zinke  mont    a r   
icymi  it is time to build & not leave crumbling roads & bridges for our children to fund  read my  foxnews op-ed  t…
more great economic news   american businesses are on a hiring spree  
rt  tjonesreporter  west baton rouge and pointe coupee parishes just announced school closures for friday 
rt  cghs_principal  representative trey hollingsworth speaking to members of our koppi club  centergrovehs  center_grove  e3cg   reptrey htt…
as a direct result of deliberate government policies  we are enduring islamist attacks within our borders
pray4 unity national day of prayer
i have worked with my washington delegation colleagues on this bill since 2013 and am optimistic about a path forwa…
awesome day at the at&t​ call center in cape girardeau where i got to visit with folks who received bonuses and oth…
enjoyed catching up with  flysgf s director of aviation  brian weiler  and jim anderson  vice chair of the airport…
icymi- fy18  houseappropsgop commerce  justice  science bill funds  nsf grants for  nj  universities &  vawa  grants 
rt  natresources  158  housedemocrats just voted against tribal self-governance despite their overwhelming claims to support tribal rights…
i m very disappointed the senate failed to pass the pain-capable unborn child protection act  my comments on the f…
congratulations to the lancaster high school culinary team who took home first place in their statewide competition…
rt  ardeptofagricul  we appreciate our state leaders including  repwesterman for continued commitment to sustaining arkansas s agricultural…
at 9 20am est  tune into tcnt - will join justice & drew to discuss u s  withdrawal from iran deal  the house s vo…
excited to announce a new transportation grant for west yellowstone - proud to support our outdoor economy mtpol
by reforming our broken taxcode  we can spur economic growth in distressed communities that need it the most  ⬇️…
  navient  avg  bachelor s degree recipient leave school with  27 000 in debt  g o p future millennials  1 
jason will be competing in the world championship of livestock auctioneering next summer in wisconsin 
chairman  petesessions supported two measures to crack down on sanctuary cities & uphold our rule of law 
be sure to tune into  newstalk780koh around 6 05 pm et  3 05 pm pt   i ll be on  thedanmasonshow discussing the tax cutsand jobs act
our strikes were targeted  proportional  and justified  it is important for our friends and foes alike to know that…
today  congress spoke up for countless survivors of sex trafficking and unequivocally stated that our sons and daug…
we are fortunate in utah and  ut04  to have some of the best  most dedicated educators in the nation  i am pleased…
assad must be replaced  but not with another assad  only then will many great syrians feel comfortable enough to re…
today  my bipartisan 21st century irs act unanimously passed  waysandmeansgop to strengthen taxpayer protections &…
glad to catch up with  daverallen on  wsyrnews this morning --&gt 
the future is bright for everyday american families  we passed real and meaningful legislation in 2017 and we aren …
rt  foxandfriends  rep   jim_jordan  james comey never told congress that his memo-leaking friend had special government access
be sure to tune in 
in north java last night for the  wycochamber pride of wyoming agriculture dinner  a great opportunity to celebrate…
ensuring that our hoosier manufacturers continue to thrive and contribute to the growth of our neighborhoods  commu…
rt  freedomcaucus  it s been 77 days since the house sent our appropriations bills to the senate and  senatemajldr - it s time for them to…
i m still a no on the  ahca  in its current form  learn why in my latest health care update 
rt  foxandfriends  rep   jim_jordan  people are fed up with this double standard – one standard for us  regular folks  and another if your…
new congress is in session - and ready to work 
rt  repjoewilson  happening now   hascrepublicans readiness subcommittee hearing on  fiscal year 2019 energy  installations and environment…
rt  realdonaldtrump  honored to have republican congressional leadership join me at the  whitehouse this evening  lots to discuss as we con…
  ustreasury actions against corrupt russian oligarchs are encouraging  we must continue combating putin s attempts…
great article previewing this morning s hearing on government-wide challenges identified by the inspector general c…
this marks the third time that house republicans voted to fund the children s health insurance program  which was r…
this week is national ag week  a time to celebrate all that american agriculture contributes to our communities and…
rt  facethenation  don t miss  tgowdysc this sunday on  facethenation as he joins us for his 1st interview since announcing he won t seek r…
my view from today s  houseappropsgop subcommittee hearing examining the fy 2018 budget request for  hudgov w/…
rt  inglejohn1973    mactxpress  budget caps have hurt military readiness   timesrecordnews  deptofdefense sequest…
rt  goldgooseaward  thank you  repfranklucas for celebrating our  gga16  awardees  knipling & bushland 
chairman  drphilroe and rep   vernbuchanan released a statement after  deptvetaffairs announced they will issue vet…
we regularly speak with veterans who are struggling to access timely care at the  deptvetaffairs  and while…
icymi  president offers bold plan to fight scourge of opioid epidemic 
rt  cal_fire  detwiler fire [update] northeast of merced  mariposa county  is now 76 250 acres and 45% contained  h…
rt  speakerryan  this year america took big steps towards becoming a more perfect union  here are 17 photos from 2017 
my statement on speaker paul ryan announcing his retirement 
rt  destinhall  i had a very informative tour of mccreary modern inc  in lenoir yesterday with  repmarkmeadows  it s great to see a boomin…
complete economic picture -- house floor remarks in support of hr 1874 pro-growth budgeting act budget
as i said after my vote opposing it in 2015  the iran deal paved the way for a dangerous state sponsor of terrorism…
it was great to be present and watch the brave first responders receive the medal of valor for their heroic efforts…
rt  westerncaucus  western caucus applauds the passage of  cathymcmorris s h r  3144 which passed 225-189 on floor today  3144 bill protec…
    d a c a deadline    
rt  acscanin  thank you to the angels of hope cancer support group for signing thank you postcards for  reptrey  in 9  who recently signed…
i have serious concerns with the administration s overly broad tariffs on steel and aluminum  which is why over 100…
rt  hollykxxv   he s the best thing that s happened to hewitt   right place right time  captured this sweet gesture earlier today 😀🍰 in h…
honored to recognize the centennial of the 37th infantry brigade of the ohio army nat l guard  from wwi to afghanistan  they are army strong
the stop act is one piece in the strategy to fight heroin and synthetic drugs  learn more about how the stop act ca…
had a great meeting with the folks at the parenting place today  thanks for showing me all the work you do in  sc03 
rt  afsahq  another former afsa lmr recipient  repjoewilson  r-sc  speaks to ala public policy forum with an extensive military family ba…
what do the 🕰 say  an explanation of the chimes can be found here 
thanks to these dedicated people who are here for change your range in utah county today—being good stewards of ou…
my statement on strategy in afghanistan 
more storms expected to hit  il16  tonight  please drive carefully  yay safe  and adhere to local warnings  advisori…
i ve worked with  realdonaldtrump and his administration on a lot of regulatory rollbacks  there s still more to do…
very proud of these hard-working kickapoo girls - congrats  
joining  nateshelman  kboi670 at 3 35 pm mt  expect to talk taxes  gov t funding  my bill boosting idaho geotherma…
as many know  i tweet a verse each day that comes from my daily bible study  i ve been doing it for many years   …

  usreprodney  the bill also makes important investments in our water and power infrastructure - programs that help…
military spouse appreciation day great timing    everyone who served while married knows that it is a team effort …
tonight  i was proud to vote for legislation that will increase the penalties for websites that promote and facilit…
what an honor to have my older brother  rev  sam smucker  deliver the opening prayer today as the guest chaplain in…
it was a great blessing to be in attendance at  and to speak at  the west alabama prayer breakfast in tuscaloosa 
rep   justinamash is excited to join the  liberty in politics  panel at liberty con18 
watch live  sub energy marks up five bills on enhancing grid security  improving energy cyber-security  and ensurin…
rt  speakerryan  it s time to check your check  starting this month  90% of americans will see bigger paychecks as a result of the tax cuts…
2  here is the letter several of my colleagues and i sent requesting this change in aid  the un was not getting th…
 2tonetony50 usa and france have been addressing similar problems  re above  with similar solutions  lower tax and…
happy mothers day to every mom in western  pa  and across our great country  god bless you for everything you do all…
great corrosion caucus event this afternoon  i m honored to serve as co-chair to highlight the importance of invest…
this is part of our duty to ensure that the administrative state is held accountable  the people  not the bureaucra…
today is tax day  which means the last day of our old  broken tax code  thanks to tax reform  our new code nearly d…
congratulations to rebecca craig from  issaquahhigh on receiving an honorable mention for her film the 8th amendmen…
great to meet david armstrong of rockford last month  his mission is to help others who have struggled w/ addictio…
rt  memadc  getting us started on day 2 of m e m a summit is  repwalorski
i recently met with the mother of william the warrior who made it clear just how important life-saving legislation…
we had a new friend  fly  by the dc office today to check out my work on criminal justice reform  i think he was im…
rt  foxnews    repbrianmast   the previous administration was allowing for the expansion of iran throughout the middle east  
rt  farmweeknow    replahood proposes  one and done  farm program sign-up 
rt  foxandfriends  rep   jim_jordan  schumer put amnesty above funding government
sanctuary city policies are preventing local police from working with federal authorities to remove illegal immigra…
honored to attend  cookmedical s groundbreaking for their new facility - adding more jobs and opportunity in bloomi…
sb4 is important for keeping our communities safe  it builds on the law i wrote in 1996 outlawing sanctuary cities 
tune in to  wbap247news this morning at 6 15am central  will weigh in on all the breaking news yesterday regarding…
what a privilege to welcome wwii and korean war veterans from michigan to our nation s capital  thanks to the…
i ve said it once and i ll say it again  this crisis is in everyone s backyard and it is important that communities…
rt  cspan  live now on c-span  pentagon briefing on syria airstrikes
the ray baum s act reauthorizes the fcc  includes efficiency and transparency reforms for the fcc  and spurs the de…
rt  houseappropsgop  tune in   tomcoleok04 & lhhs subcommittee hold oversight hearing on advances in biomedical research w/  nihdirector ht…
  hurdonthehill  we have allies and adversaries  both nation states and individual hackers  who are pursuing artifi…
getting ready to join  americanewsroom on  foxnews live from the capitol 
the charlie norwood va medical center in augusta will be spotlighting 50 vietnam veterans during a ceremony set for…
house republicans have been working on cutting your taxes for years 
earlier this week   potus signed  repmccaul s bill to combat humantrafficking into law  this bipartisan bill provi…
rusty staub died today   mets legend  outstanding human being  r i p 
great meeting with the  steelworkers on the potential job losses due to renewable identification number compliance …
  waysandmeansgop is working to make our tax code fairer and simpler for all  tax reform tuesday
thanks to the minnesota rural broadband coalition who are advocating for the expansion of broadband at the mn state…
barbara bush led a remarkable life  and her legacy will impact our country for many years to come  my prayers are w…
the state of the union is tonight  what do you hope  potus will address   sotu 
posey salutes medal of honor recipients  politics
rt  housescience   vp icymi  space subcommittee chair  repbrianbabin detailed  a one-stop-shop for private space exploration  in  spacenews…
rt  robwittman  thanks for your question  ever since my days as biology major  virginia_tech habitat conservation has been important to me …
sitting on house floor  scotus just entered  waiting on the president  watching jeff flake is on the dais speaking…
next year will bring a lot of relief to the yearly hassle of filing taxes  the new law is designed to enable americ…
celebrating international women s day with the women s club of farmingdale  international womens day
had a great town hall meeting yesterday in chickasha  thanks to all who attended  & thank you for your questions &…
as a fiscal conservative  i ve said many times that the united states government must be held accountable for every…
it was a pleasure to be at the lakeland small business expo talking to small business owners from across the region…
need to watch broadcom ltd proposed takeover of qualcomm  if allowed to occur  this would create a significant nat…
unfortunately  fake profiles are popping up more and more on  facebook  if you or someone you know is facing this i…
very proud to see bob gastonguay from team amodei help out the  salvationarmyus at shopper s square in reno today …
what does the tax cuts and jobs act mean for you and your family  1182more
humbled to be recognized as an honorary woman of valor from temple beth am  this wonderful community is committed to…
rt  repdonbacon  thanks  stevescalise for the cookie cake  great to see my second bill pass through the house 
obama s foreign policy  embolden enemies  alienate allies & reportedly pay ransom to state sponsor of terrorism  wsj
 donutcrazy11 excellent  stem is important for young people to get interested in 
rt  repsmucker  getting ready to depart for harrisburg with some pa colleagues  tune in to  realdonaldtrump tax reform speech tonight at 5 …
looking for a public service opportunity  i m happy to announce that the  whitehouse internship program application…
thanks to stewart elementary school in stevensville for inviting me in to talk with students & teachers today   mi06 
video   foxbusiness earlier today talking north korea and trade issues  morningsmaria
rt  fedamerhospital    mactxpress is protecting rural patients by co-sponsoring  hr1955   thank you stand up4 rural hospitals rural health htt…
day 27 for 31 reasons4 tax reform→ us job creators are at a disadvantage bc of a tax system that provides incentives…
good to be at  kcc_athletics men s basketball game today against des moines
under the old tax code  more than 30 000 residents of  il06  were subject to arbitrary and unfair alternative minimu…
rt  senatortimscott  wrapping up with more health care  school choice  intelligence and a guest appearance from  repmialove on  tgowdysc te…
wishing you all a very merry christmas from my family to yours 
rt  househomeland    repscottperry and  repronestes met with industry leaders from  homelandcouncil on how the private sector supports  dhs…
thanks to everyone who came to our town halls this weekend  we had a productive discussion about tax reform  school…
the left says conservative policies don t empower women—but i appear with  cathymcmorris to disagree  utpol…
voting in the 2018  tn06  congressional art competition closes tomorrow at 5 00 pm ct  don t forget to cast your vot…
survey would aim to settle red river families  land fight with federal government via  katieleslienews  dallasnews

rt  springfieldnl  barnabas prep is a two-year collegiate program for young adults with special needs   campbarnabas
this week is teacher appreciation week  thank you to teachers across upstate new york who dedicate their careers to…
honored to be invited on af 1 to survey hurricaneimra damage and chart path to recovery w/  realdonaldtrump…
more on the 5 local issues i brought up w/  secretaryzinke this morning ➡️https //t co/epizww8bmo  va01 
while there is no longer a deadline for daca recipients  we must continue moving negotiations forward  we cannot st…
✅ indiana to receive another  10 9 million from  hhsgov to address the heroin & opioidcrisis thanks to the 21st ce…
repealing and replacing obamacare remains as one of my top priorities 
w/this 2nd round of grant funding  a greater sense of hope is provided to those who are suffering from substance ab…
 priusjames  martinwisckol i met with thousands of constituents in the last year  ur disruption & intimidation game won t work here
a towering figure in our state s history  brendan byrne served new jersey with honor  great vision and unmatched hu…
rt  mikekellypa  glad to help  erie_insurance celebrate their 93rd anniversary at last week s  topping out  ceremony in downtown erie  als…
judges 3 5 6 the sons of israel did what was evil in the sight of the lord  and forgot the lord their god and serve…
rt  speakerryan  thank you to all of america s police and first responders who are braving the cold and serving our communities  we appreci…
rt  lisa_gk   if you re not at the table  you re on the menu    congressmangt re  harvest boxes   all food is good  but if it s not broke …
rt  andyschor  i visited the worst impacted neighborhoods throughout the lansing area with rep  mike bishop & lansing township supervisor h…
rt  customersbank  celebrating the success of homeownership programs with  habitatberks  repsmucker  reprothfus buildingcommunities
rt  cathymcmorris  after reading the opinion piece in the  washingtonpost about aborting babies with down syndrome  i struggled to put into…
rt  coloradomesau  great news for western colorado  we are happy to have hosted this conversation 
rt  cspan  arnold palmer receives the presidential medal of freedom from president george w  bush  rip  arnold palmer arnies army
e&c members raise awareness and get involved in the process during the 15th annual  deahq take back day tomorrow &gt &gt 
i voted today for the tax cuts and jobs act because it makes the tax code simpler and fairer for american families …
last week  i discussed my strong opinions on how broken the va is with  thehill 
i am disappointed that senate democrats have blocked a continuing resolution to fund the federal government  but my…
icymi  i am very pleased that two of my bills passed the house this week  one of them stops the use of taxpayer fun…
rt  khqa  illinois congressman lahood talks about the opioid crisis
rt  wabi_tv5  poliquin pushing frozen fruits
today   housegop passed the mortgage choice act with bipartisan support  this bill preserves consumer choice and he…
thank you  acting  cfpbdirector mulvaney for testifying before the  financialcmte earlier today  it is always great…
rt  stribrooks  rep  lewis talks up the tax bill and the vikings at today s house gop leadership conference  you can follow along  housegop…
signed into law  keep america s refuges operational act  huge win for publiclands 
nonpartisan think tank  finds the law will cut taxes by  1 260 on average  or slightly less than 2 percent of incom…
waterways around houston are key to our economy  i had the pleasure of discussing congressional infrastructure leg…
proud of our work over the last year plus in the leg branch  houseappropsgop subcommittee to finally achieve a long…
now that the senate democrats have decided to end the schumer shutdown and stop holding our families and troops hos…
the house has approved chairman  repbillshuster s manager s amendment to the bill  approved with it are provisions…
chairman  repgoodlatte   competition is an important factor in healthcare costs and drug prices  that is precisely…
rt  mayordrotz  thank you  secretaryperry &  repgregwalden for taking time to visit hermiston🍉and discuss importance of secure  reliable &…
congress should stop states from taxing and regulating beyond their own borders via  dcexaminer
west feliciana firefighter deputy chief russell achord died this week in the line of duty  we can never forget that…
the 2018 consolidated approprations act boosts funding to secure our borders  rebuild our military  provides a 2 4%…
houston    we have a problem  go blue march maddness
griffith statement on us withdrawal from paris accord 
thank you to the georgia members of the american water works association for stopping by to discuss how critical pu…
rt  riponadvance  great lakes are at risk  rephuizenga   repmoolenaar &  repfredupton call on  potus to release asian carp study now
rt  robwittman  happy national park week
rt  gopleader  right to try isn t a partisan issue–it s a human dignity issue  people fighting for their lives should have access to medicin…
on this national day of prayer people of all faiths can join together and pray for good health  protection from harm …
rt  indystar  house votes to give national recognition to indy park where robert kennedy gave famous mlk speech htt…
on saturday i joined our local hindu community at the baps shri swaminarayan mandir in chantilly to share in their…
the tax cuts and jobs act paved way to lower tax rates and a fairer tax code that works hand in hand with…
congratulations to  aggieequestrian on winning the ncea reining national championship  gig em
since mueller has wasted millions of tax dollars & endless hours of  realdonaldtrump s time  it s time for the spe…
i wrote in the  detroitnews today about my work on the appropriations committee to advance michigan s priorities …
it was a pleasure to meet paralympian regas woods  who was named a  hometown hero  in 2016 by the dunnellon city co…
rt  biasc  thank you to congressman  kencalvert for speaking at  biariverside s legislative lunch and stressing the importance of cutting r…
i can never thank our law enforcement agents enough for the sacrifices they make day in and day out to keep our com…
rt  housegop  good news → because of their savings from the tax cutsand jobs act   kroger is hiring 11 000 employees in their stores all over…
  usreprodney  the bill makes investments in rural infrastructure and development that create an environment for ec…
i look forward to the senate favorably voting on the tax bill so we can give the american people a christmas gift t…
rt  senatorcollins  happening soon  press conference at 11 45am in sen  press gallery on need to take action to significantly reduce the co…
icymi  you can listen to the entire radio town hall with  mattmurphyshow and  aunielindenberg here →
today  we honor all vietnam veterans for their service – those living  those who never returned home  & those that…
we remember the six million mothers  fathers  sons  daughters  friends  and loved ones  whose lives were tragically…
my visits to fulton county businesses yesterday were a great opportunity to hear the concerns of north country manu…
following countless listening sessions & hearings  i applaud  transport chairman shuster s efforts to modernize our…
 marqgrossman  aclu so u wold have refused 2 recognize jews as targets of genocide & thus not given preference thus more sent back to hitler
rt  housegop  thanks to the tax cutsand jobs act  consumer optimism jumped to a 14-year high  everyday americans know the best days of econom…
nurses & doctors should not be forced to participate in abortions  support the conscience protection act…
today  i co-authored a letter in opposing the proposed weakening of safety regulations for oil drilling  we must pr…
text tax reform to 50589 to see how you and your family will be impacted by the tax cutsand jobs act 
two members of congress testified at this morning s  ptc  hearing   repderekkilmer and  repdennyheck  both from wash…
rt  wittenberg  amazing turnout for empty bowls 2018  hopefully the biggest and best fundraiser for second harvest food bank of clark  cham…
rt  dcexaminer   susanferrechio  conawaytx11  joniernst  reptedyoho   rodneydavis  no one is going to get kicked off of food support progra…
i was very proud to honor butler  p a s own william  don  thomas for making history this evening when he becomes t…
rt  guycoviello  bill johnson and tim ryan give lesson on how congress can work across party lines campravenna mahoningvalley  hughhewitt…
new day  same result  bad santa loses 
rt  waysandmeansgop  w&m markup  a bipartisan bill from  repjeffdenham and congressman  billpascrell that looks to put an end to the inadv…
i am truly honored to be a recipient of  nationalgrange s champion of rural america award  thank you for your servi…
since 1885  presidents  day has been recognized across our nation  today  we honor & remember the service and leade…
rt  stevescalise  the jobs report is out and the economy added 313 000 jobs last month – the most since july 2016  another day of good news…
i m glad to see  senschumer come to his senses and persuade his colleagues to provide the votes to reopen the gover…
i am grateful to have served with speaker paul d  ryan  a proven conservative visionary  throughout my time in cong…
happy teacher appreciation day  thank you to all of our amazing  tx22  teachers who inspire our students each and eve…
more on this  tlhumanrights hearing here 
 potus is outlining many of his ideas to build our economy and renew the sense of the american spirit that once united us  joint address
people are seeing more money in their paychecks and retirement accounts  businesses are expanding and hiring  unemp…
rt  housegop    repmikebishop  with the average tax cut in my district of about  2 500 per family  average family  that is not crumbs  that…
we are now considering h r  4275  empowering pharmacists in the fight against opioid abuse act find all bills from…
the  financialcmte has worked tirelessly to pass bipartisan bills that will provide regulatory relief to main stree…
 tx07  high school artists  submit an original work of art by april 30th for a chance to have your piece displayed i…
wishing everyone a happy and safe independence day  thank you to all the men and women who have served to defend th…
for immediate release  sensenbrenner introduces bill to save lives and curb the opioid epidemic…
those who paid a great sacrifice in order to defend our freedom are remembered and honored today  national former p o w recognition day
today i sent letters to the ceos of  delta   united  &  americanair  u s  companies have no business internationali…
today  we recognize and honor the sacrifices that our vietnam veterans made for our country  we are forever gratefu…
 diamondandsilk
  potus talking about rebuilding our nation s roads  bridges  and infrastructure   and we will do it with american…
wisconsin congressional delegation condemns charlottesville violence via  wpr
awful and horrifying scene in manhattan  my prayers are with the victims and their families 
thank you to  bwdaz for stopping by the office today 
icymi   repcardenas   repblumenauer   reperikpaulsen  and i joined 294 of our colleagues asking  cmsgov to support…
rt  secnielsen  tonight   icegov deputy director tom homan will receive one of the law enforcement community s most prestigious honors -  …
because of taxreform  more money is going back into the pockets of everyday americans who have been looking for a…
my heart goes out to all those affected by the las vegas shooting  prayers for the victims & families  many thanks to the first responders 
that being said  nafta must be renegotiated to allow for free and fair trade  and should be done before further add…
john pierson  incident commander  begins the fire briefing at the hood river county fairgrounds 
   republicans promise to go to washington and be responsible with taxpayers  dollars  we need to be consistent und…
co-ops provide electricity to almost 200 000 people in district 19  glad to visit with the folks who make that poss…
rt  repstevechabot  a very happy national small business week to all the small businesses & startups in my hometown of cincy  as chairman of…
everyone please stay safe as we anticipate strong storms throughout  tn06  tonight 
rt  financialcmte  north korea s nuclear aggression has a cost  and  hr3898  raises that cost dramatically w/ toughest financial sanctions e…
thank you to all of the men and women who work every day to keep our communities safe …
this amount is nowhere close to the amount necessary to fully restore and protect our great lakes  which serve as t…
westerville lost two heroes this weekend  my prayers are with the families of officers morelli and joering  if you…
  jim_jordan  in 2016  64 000 americans died from an opioid overdose and it s hit certain parts of our country in a dramatic way 
 dhs s&t must aggressively work with its research  development  test and evaluation partners throughout government…
rt  stevescalise  investment is flowing out of 🇨🇦 and into 🇺🇸 after republican tax reform 
listening to  secretarysonny discuss usda s budget priorities for fy19  you can watch the hearing live here …
discussed my efforts to prevent the theft of firearms through my recent bill with  cvpayne on  foxbusiness yesterday
farm bill moves forward creating pathways to opportunity & eliminating povertycliffs for those struggling with…
rt  kyshpo  thanks  rephalrogers for meeting w/ky folks recently during historic preservation advocacy week to discuss policies like the fe…
rt  deptofdefense  it s a necessity and an exact science that takes place thousands of feet in the air  watch this  a10  refuel in the ⛅⛅⛅ …
rt  theaward   emily s leadership and dedication have made a positive difference in the community    repmoolenaar gold2017
our children need to be able to learn and pursue their dreams in an environment where they feel and are protected 
rt  coloradoacte  looks like it was a party w  repmikecoffman  gotta love our us reps who support  cte   🇺🇸 nice job advocating for work-b…
happy teacher appreciation day to educators across the country  and especially in wa-08  who dedicate their lives to…
my deepest condolences are with the bush family this evening  former first lady barbara bush will be remembered for…
rt  flotus  enjoy 2018  whitehouse spring garden tours  🌸 tix are available through  natlparkservice
ahead of earth day  i wanted to give an update on the incredble work that save the bay is doing to protect our wate…
that s nearly four times the original price tag   twelve times the amount approved by voters 
met with  port_manatee officials to talk about port operations and good-paying jobs  port generates  2 3 billion in…
we doubled the standard deduction in taxreform so that more of what you earn is tax free  check out all the ways t…
rt  housescience  release  sst committee staff report reveals russia s social media meddling in u s  energy markets
i look forward to reviewing the administration s budget suggestions and working with my colleagues on the budget co…
joining  fbtalk on  wjrradio at 10 07am to talk about 2018 priorities  tune in
looking forward to being on 
we must remain diligent with the present working on the impending concerns of reining in washington s spending  bal…
the time for action is now  listen live as  repmarkmeadows and i discuss  freedomcaucus and more  a time for action
the va care in the community act just passed out of committee  read  drphilroe s statement 
chairman  repmarkwalker on the upcoming balanced budget amendment vote on the house floor 
rt  atl_profiles  this saturday  biz1190 1pm  louwieland talks with  reptomprice re  national issues affecting our local communities
i enjoyed meeting the 5th grade class  claysmill elementary in lexington  they correctly answered all of my trivia…
prayer brings people together and reminds us that we are all created in god s image  i hope you will join me on thi…
on floor to recognize world autism month and support for children & adults with autism spectrum disorder impacting…
i certainly saw that throughout the day and am grateful he was able to be our guest chaplain 
see my statement about this evening s military attacks in syria here 
  speakerryan took me under his wing from my first day in the house  from the early days of our p90x workouts toget…
trump and melania meet three americans imprisoned in north korea
addressing the  grain glitch  ensures the most possible agproducers and buyers benefit from taxreform  my state…
this week  chloe visited and shared with me her remarkable story of overcoming the trauma she s faced as a survivor…
rt  adachamber  a special thanks to tom cole for coming and speaking on behalf of the recent updates from washington  our community is grat…
this morning president emmanuel macron will address a joint meeting of congress  click here to watch president macr…
rt  repchriscollins  collins   reptenney and  repjohnkatko request a report on lake ontario shoreline damages -
finally    if you re experiencing livestock losses in this blizzard  it s very important that all loss is well docu…
grateful for the opportunity to consider how to improve public safety and lower recidivism rates through solutions…
are you receiving my once-a-week email updates about what is happening in congress and how it impacts alabama  if n…
this was the very first cubesat built at  moreheadstate to make it into orbit   ltgovhampton  nasa
thank you  kyleaguecities for stopping by my dc office this afternoon 
at 12 35  i will be joining  larrygloverlive on  wvlk for the hour   secretarycarson will be calling in as well  do…
i was very pleased to be at the opening of buffalo creek brewing  i am happy to see this investment in downtown lon…
i applaud  potus  realdonaldtrump for this decisive action with our allies to hold the assad regime accountable for…
today was the final meeting of my 2017-2018 congressional youth advisory council  special thanks to our guest speak…
rt  cbsthismorning  police shootings across the u s  have increased concerns about race relations  among those concerned are sc lawmakers  …
psa for ia01  please keep your eyes out for missing 16-year old jake wilson  last seen near la porte city at 9pm on…
college students  are you looking for a chance to gain work experience and learn more about the legislative process…
happy birthday  senpatroberts  i promise not to eat all of the ice cream like i did at your birthday party last y…
  marcorubio  sharks play an important role in maintaining the health of the ocean ecosystems florida is known for …
 defendourfuture first  we need to de-politicize the issue  regrettably  it has became extremely politicized after…
the lines are already forming to get through security this morning  trump inauguration
not only is our city known for it s world-class food  music  and culture  but we also have some of the best golf co…
learn more about my bill to give vietnam helicopter pilots and crew casualties the recognition they deserve 
rt  pbcgov20   pbcgov please report property damage from hurricane irma via pbc dart p b c irma be safe p b c
because of taxreform  more money is going back into the pockets of tennesseans  read more at…
this afternoon it was my pleasure to meet with members of the stand  schools together allowing no drugs  coalition…
we have an opportunity & moral responsibility to raise awareness & stand against genocide—in syria & around the w…
 tx23  high school students  it s not too late to enter the congressional art competition  visit my website to learn…
great to talk with hoosier farmers in columbus today  thanks  incornfarmers and  insoybean for hosting us 
  energy s  fermilab s lbnf/dune project is a great example of basic science research supported in  housescience s…
🎁
rt  robert_aderholt  today i welcomed fellow alabamian and  thejusticedept attorney general jeff sessions to the commerce  justice  science…
 cfpb  senwarren  repmaxinewaters not only does the  cfpb s research fail to establish that payday lending is harmf…
 senbobcasey that kind of talk may please your base  but you know it s wrong  the house passed a bill w/nothing con…
rt  inglejohn1973  thornberry  accord on mattis missed bipartisan chance  timesrecordnews  mactxpress  hascrepublic…
thanks for having me on the show today   varneyco  foxbusiness
rt  stevescalise  the bad news → today is tax day 👎 the good news → this is the last time americans have to file their taxes under the old…
happy mother s day  may god bless all of the women celebrated today for their love and devotion in motherhood 
assad s use of chemical weapons on innocent men  women  & children is beyond horrific and will not be tolerated  wh…
breaking   potus has signed the  ndaa  into law  ensuring our troops have the resources they need to deter and defend 
rt  realdonaldtrump  on behalf of the american people  welcome home 
it was good to work with  govabbott on continuing this important policy for texans  1115 waiver
rt  foxnews    repmikecoffman   former  secshulkin was removed because he was an incompetent leader  
thank you  realdonaldtrump for taking a huge step in simplifying and streamlining the costly and often unnecessary…
rt  restoreretreat  another great episode in the books  check out the latest delta dispatches episode featuring  repgarretgraves and scott…
each year  members of congress have the privilege of hosting the congressional art competition award ceremony  i wil…
rt  commedney  super meeting with  repmarkmeadows in washington today  an unbeatable federal - local partnership putting our folks first  w…
more ahead of tomorrow s hearing  cncs has an obligation to exercise its power properly and ethically to fulfill it…
rt  maggiesheely  much more predictable than michigan earning a spot in the final four-  repfredupton winning the  uschamber spirit of ente…
i m proud and honored to once again receive the  true blue  award from  frcaction for advancing policies that defen…
1  the tax cuts & jobs act dramatically improves the way small businesses are treated under the code and has unleas…
rt  wmmcampaign   repgrothman and  jimpressoffice are working hard for wisconsinites with disabilities  we re thankful to have lawmakers pr…
millions of americans continue to get ripped off by con artists and scammers who especially target senior citizens…
rt  foxnews    repbilljohnson on russia   i think sanctions are absolutely appropriate at this point  
billions of dollars over budget and years behind schedule  governor brown s failed high-speed rail project now face…
facebook has an opportunity to make this right  i hope they take this seriously -- free exchange of dialogue is ess…
rt  waysandmeansgop  chairman  repkevinbrady   this is an opportunity to change our approach on extenders  and this hearing is an important…
my view on today s iran deal decision 
as  interior considers drastic national parks fee increases  i remain opposed  this would make the parks inaccessib…
a squandered opportunity  sotu 
 faith and family  not government and bureaucracy  are the center of the american life   - potus  sotu 
it s time for congress to be held accountable for our nation s unsustainable spending habits  our constituents deserve better no budget no pay
rt  dcexaminer  republican lawmaker blasts both parties for  hypocrisy  over syria strikes
rt  housecommerce  3️⃣4️⃣0️⃣ to 7️⃣2️⃣  nwpaa 
i nominated col  eric mellinger to the academy in 1982 after a distinguished career and lifetime of service  he rec…
as administration officials travel to china  it is key that they work to open markets and crack down on…
attention college students or recent grads  my hudson and wausau offices are now accepting applications for summer…
icymi – here are my full remarks from tuesday on the tragedy in las vegas  nevada strong
yesterday we ended our farm forum with my friend from wisconsin and miami university alum   speakerryan  thank you…
thank you  huntercfield for a great piece in the  arkansasonline on my new bill to add more land to the flatside wi…
today forced spilled begins over the lower snake   columbia river dams that will cost ratepayers  40 million this y…
rt  reprickallen  live now  the  houseagnews just began the markup process for the 2018 farm bill  tune in 
congrats to the hadley string orchestra for receiving the highest scores in the state at the illinois grade school…
debate day 1 - h r  faa reauthorization act
  potus and this congress are committed to rebuilding america s infrastructure and in california  our water system…
winning the tax cuts and jobs act is working  3 000 000 americans have already received special tax reform bonuses…
the committee is experiencing technical difficulties with the webcast for this morning s nih hearing  we are workin…
the landmark tax cuts and jobs act is already paying off with numerous companies offering bonuses and pay raises as…
check out the second video in our  personal stories from the opioid crisis  series  this is aimee s story 
 you are looking for jesus the nazarene  who was crucified  he has risen  he is not here  see the place where they…
rt  housescience  chair  lamarsmithtx21 on  housescience staff report   russian attempts to influence u s  domestic energy markets by explo…
it is an honor to have  taxreformer officially endorse the crumbs act  we are both dedicated to helping middle-clas…
great to see  forsythtechcc president dr  gary green in washington today 
thank you to the men and women who work each day to keep our families and communities safe  we are grateful for you…
rt  anb  thank you to amarillo fire dept  amarillo street dept  potter county fire  and the texas a&m forest service for your battle and br…
 indivisibleneia  darwinrules on the contrary  over 19 000 constituents participated in my teletown hall 11 days ag…
today marks the last time that american taxpayers will ever have to deal with an old  broken tax code  next year  a…
dairy farmers are critical to the upstate economy  but are in the midst of a prolonged economic crisis  i pushed fo…
it was great to welcome lexapp  the sixth district winners of the congressional app challenge to capitol hill yeste…
tonight i voted to fund the government and fully fund our military  it s now up to the senate to pass this importan…
starting off the morning talking to  danoxochsner while he s in dc  listen later this afternoon to myself  and some…
small businesses already employ millions of americans  but  because of the tax cuts and jobs act  small businesses…
2- under chairman frelinghuysen s leadership and dedication  the house appropriations committee has completed our b…
  thehill    jobless claims drop to the lowest level since 1973 
rt  arforestrycomm   a little bit of smoke now can prevent a lot of smoke in the future   says  repwesterman at arkansas fire policy forum …
it s insane an illegal immigrant can get back into the us over 40 times after being deported  the death of nfl line…
rt  housegop    senbobcasey  stop playing politics with the health care of over 9 million children nationwide  end the schumer shutdwon now…
rt  justinamash  congress passed a budget—months ago  it authorizes way too much spending  congress is now working to pass an appropriatio…
rt  housecommerce  glad to see facebook taking issues raised in today s hearing seriously  our members look forward to further improvements…
sub oversight chairman  greggharper previews this historic hearing and explains its significance toward e&c s endea…
sometimes people in washington say something just can t be done  but i say  where there s a will  there s a way  y…
icymi   call_me_dutch & i introduced a bipartisan bill to protect us energy infrastructure from cyber attacks 
glad the president decided to scrap his plan to tax college savings accounts that middle class americans use to send their kids to college 
check out the latest update from house republicans on how tax reform is growing your paycheck 
rt  bcshfh  our biggest fans this week   repbillflores   kylekacal   insitebv  thank you  via
rt  housegop  things the tax cutsand jobs act is not… x crumbs x pathetic x armageddon
watch live  i am w/  potus at epa to announce an executive order directing a review of the clean power plan 
folks - ndaa youtube live-stream is switching to part 2 - keep watching here   fy19ndaa   ndaa 
 seanhannity  you re right - we need to releasethememo  i read it today and i believe the american people would gr…
i enjoyed my visit with charlie st  george who has been receiving meals since last fall   _mealsonwheels is an impo…
rt  uschamber  bellingham s peoples bank is using taxreform to the benefit of their employees in  davereichert and  repdelbene s home stat…
70 members of the house of representatives sent a letter to  repkevinbrady and  senorrinhatch urging them to keep a…
no foreign govt should have access to our govt simply because they have the     to pay for it clinton foundation
rt  repseanduffy  live today   financialcmte hearing with  ustreasury secretary  stevenmnuchin1 at 10 am est →
fy 19 shipbuilding  the floor to sustain our navy and industrial base must be  26 2 billion and 13 ships 
tax day2018 is just around the corner  tuesday  april 17   this will be the last time you file taxes under the old …
rt  transport  breaking news  the house has overwhelmingly approved  hr4  
congratulations to the sixteen talented students from novi high school that achieved a perfect score on the act exa…
 jonedwa52684118 repeal the 17th  
 realdonaldtrump looks like assad the butcher and putin the napoleon of siberia are to blame for the chemical attac…
icymi  my weekly newsletter honors the congressional award recipients from  ut04  utpol
marchant introduces  hr5524   legislation ending american subsidies of inbound foreign shipments from china…
i support  potus  decision to authorize the deployment of  usnationalguard to our southern border  keeping american…
rt  senategop  secretary mattis on the impact of the potential impact of the schumer shutdown   a huge morale impact   intelligence operati…
citizenship matters don t hope  know  h j res 106
barbara bush was truly one of a kind  her life will be remembered as one of grace  dedicated service to her countr…
honored to receive the  uschamber spirit of enterprise award for supporting main street businesses & our economic g…
barbara bush was more than the matriarch of the bush family—she was a majestic icon of american public life  for de…
just voted to block an obama reg that would ve opened backdoor funding for abortions with taxpayer dollars  pro life
house gop released framework 4 fixing our broken tax code  learn more about this first step for jobs & opportunities
rt  speakerryan   the law has proven to be one long string of broken promises    reptomprice previews his address o…
and we must be strong in our actions and our words in fulfilling the commitments we make as a nation to ensure our…
proud to have voted  yes  on  hr4203  today  this bill  if enacted  will increase by 5 years the prison term for per…
rt  wacoisd  congratulations to university high students valeria rosales  and kelle desouza who have been officially named dell scholars  h…
catastrophic wildfires continue to threaten colorado s communities  making it imperative that the senate pass the r…
today s the day  national prescription take back day  did you know  last take back day the dea collected 912 305 pou…
rt  housegop    potus  and we celebrate our police  our military  and our amazing veterans as heroes who deserve our total and unwavering s…
since  potus was elected  we have seen 22 regulations repealed for every 1 new regulatory action  the creation of 2…
good morning  sanilac  i m going live momentarily with stan grabitz on wmic  📻
i think many of us would be surprised at the amount of unused medication that can be found in our homes  we should…
jayson has been an incredible member of my team since 2014 and i know that he will be a strong advocate as a leader…
rt  houseagnews  check out house ag member  congressmandan during his farming for jobs tour & hear what challenges farmers are facing
i m continually impressed by the bright young people who intern in my offices  thanks for all your hard work last s…
happy national puppy day to these 3  🐾🐶
rt  gpatstate   this platform is going to be a revolution  -  repdavid on blockchain at blockchainat state
consumer confidence is the highest it s been since november of 2000  why  tax reform →
did you know that after the fcc imposed title ii regulations on isps  investment in broadband deployment dropped …
congressional district teamwork
the subcommittee has approved the fy19 energy and water appropriations bill on a voice vote 
my first read of the day   american citizens organize to fight the caravan of illegals surging into our country  
south jersey joins in congratulating super champs  eagles 🦅🦅🦅🦅🦅🦅🦅🦅🦅🦅🦅 fly eagles fly super bowl l i i my staff & i…
on teacher appreciation day and every day we are thankful for the millions of teachers across the country who inspir…
took the opportunity to address the house of representatives on the vietnamese new year and the vibrancy the vietna…
constituents who are a part of the illinois corn growers association are in dc this week  i m glad they could discu…
today is drug take back day  click here to find a drop-off location near you →
rt  billynungesser  this morning  i was proud to stand with my friend   stevescalise  at the  jeffparishgov prayer breakfast where he talke…
reminder  deadline for the  il16  congressional art competition is in just four weeks  be sure to check out the cont…
this morning on  foxnews  i discussed my concerns with the mavni program with  stevedoocy 
cub scouts is a great organization that teaches our young people leadership and life skills  the value of friendshi…
looking forward to joining  loudobbs tonight at 7 pm on  foxbusiness to discuss  potus jerusalem announcement today 
my 2017 annual report &gt &gt 
rt  netsmarttech     repmullin the 42 c f r part2 bill is  about allowing physicians to be able to see a person s complete record so that they…
rt  hrfnatlsecurity   wake up congress  we owe it to the next generation to have this debate   -  repwalterjones  aumf  voteonwar
the role of speaker is no easy task  but  speakerryan has handled the job with the thoughtful  respectful  and poli…
great tour of the  tstcfortbendco campus in rosenberg yesterday  thanks for having me 
missed the weekly newsletter  catch up here ↓
 tomjenneyafp  my conservative street cred is beyond dispute  it s not a  conservative  or  liberal  issue regardin…
today is the last tax day with our old tax system  under the new code  american families will see  ✅ an average tax…
when it comes to tariffs  i understand the need for better deals for the u s  but we need to be careful w/tariffs-…
i m honored   i think 
rt  statedept    statedeptspox  in may  the united states plans to open a new u s  embassy in jerusalem  to coincide with israel s 70th an…
rt  houseappropsgop  at 2 pm   reptomgraves and the financial services subcommittee hold their second budget hearing of the day   ajitpaifc…
i may be known as a strong conservative  but i ve also made it a priority to work with my colleagues on both sides…
my family and i grieve with my dear friend  president george w  bush and his family  mrs  bush was the constant for…
continue to stand in absolute opposition to offshore drilling & seismic testing off south jersey with national/loca…
great young men  proud and appreciative of their service to our nation 
on this day in 1912  new mexico officially became a state  the land of enchantment is truly a remarkable and often…
i applaud the trump administration s decision to repeal the overreaching wotus rules of the past administration 
the iran nuclear agreement is deeply flawed and i support  potus  realdonaldtrump s decision to remove the united s…
wow--in february  u s  manufacturing expanded at the fastest pace since 2004  phenomenal news 
kris and i are keeping the entire heitkamp family in our prayers today as they say goodbye to a special mother and…
last night  my bill with  replipinski passed the house with broad bipartisan support  this bill adds a course to pr…
coming may 1st  chairman bishop sits down with  frontlinepbs to discuss the ongoing crisis in puerto rico 
talking tax cuts  lowes in rolla  everyone who works at this store is taking home more   in each paycheck since…
rt  judgetedpoe  in the words of george washington   almighty god  we make our earnest prayer that thou wilt keep the united states in thy…
banks calls for repeal of waters rule via  kpcnews
2 samuel 12 23 but now he has died  why should i fast  can i bring him back again  i will go to him  but he will not return to me 
up to date information on hurricane harvey can be found on the  fema website here 
celebrating womens history month  meet lauren and emily  high school students in bloomington  students at hoosier hi…
rt  reptipton  don t miss  federalreserve chairman jerome powell testify on the state of the american economy in  financialcmte  tune in he…
rt  waysandmeansgop  tomorrow is the last day you will have to file taxes using a broken  outdated taxcode  check out five ways the new ta…
rt  peterschorschfl    repbrianmast lauds  realdonaldtrump   this historically bad deal provided a clear pathway for iran to expand its nuc…
rt  evanmholler  thank you cindy brown in  repwebster s villages office for your support at the ocala walk2 end a l z  together we will  endal… 
how to refocus washington  term limits  single subject legislation & getting bills to the floor   wmsptsungazette
no matter where you go  you just can t replicate the oklahoma standard and the people that make it that way …
glad to celebrate recess coffee & roastery s success today   recessco was one of several local  cny  small businesse…
thank you  secretary pompeo and  realdonaldtrump  this is wonderful news and we welcome these three americans home 
i added a video to a  youtube playlist oppose the iran deal
this is great news for the united states  and extremely important progress to have all three americans back on u s …
why are senate dems torpedoing illegal immigration enforcement for  daca  discussions  they refused to even bring up…
fact - almost 300 companies have announced bonuses or wage/salary increases  and are reinvesting in america  tax cutsand jobs act  sotu 
while democratic and republican leaders in the senate hold the government hostage over politics  mainers are the on…
rt  speakerryan    louiseslaughter was tough  unfailingly gracious  and unrelenting in fighting for her ideas  she was simply great  in her…
i ll be live with  bumpcolley on  topstoryklix at 8 15 am mt  topics  receiving the  uschamber s  spirit of enterpr…
rt  housegop  the benefits from tax cutsand jobs act just keep getting sweeter and sweeter  employees of mckee foods  america s largest priva…
this will be the 26th year for the sleighbell parade 
the oppression of black people is over with    blacks are  today  a free people 
what tax reform means for texas 💻👉
today in the  wsj  trucking companies are struggling to attract drivers   i get a lot of guys out of high school  t…
guest post  a week of remembrance via  speakerryan policeweek
the us is the largest producer of 🌽 in the world  & we take great pride in knowing illinois ranks second in corn g…
honored to be part of mcconnelsville s bicentennial and to represent a village where community  faith and freedom a…
community health centers provide critical medical resources to low-income americans & that s why it s frustrating d…
a lot of topics on the agenda tonight for paulsen office hours — pleased to have the chance to meet so many constitu…
some of my dc staff joined  the_uso today to assemble care packages for service members supporting hurricane harvey…
  potus just signed the  ndaa  into law  giving our troops the biggest pay raise in 8 years   potus was correct when…
companies that have respect for our constitutional rights  including the second amendment  should be the ones doing…
  repcurbelo is a proud co-sponsor of  repstephmurphy s legislation to allow the  cdcgov to conduct research on gun…
just touched down in pittsburgh with  potus  realdonaldtrump  we re excited to talk about how tax reform is alread…
enjoyed spending time with the athens rotary club and sharing an update from washington with the group  thanks for…
our men and women in uniform have suffered  as has the capability and capacity of our military  today s bipartisan…
met yesterday with ag leaders on the nebraska cooperative council and visited kroeker grain & lumber in henderson f…
sub d c c p chairman  boblatta releases op-ed in the  dcexaminer ahead of hearing tomorrow  robocalls are a scourge  b…
happy birthday  girlscouts  cheers to building girls of courage  confidence and character  who have been civically…
rt  whaasstsecty  the united states calls on the gov of cuba to allow the full participation of its citizens in  summitamericas  we stand…
praying for all in the path of hurricane harvey  please use caution as the storm progresses 
rt  dcexaminer  nunes memo reaction highlights selective surveillance outrage by  jimantle
rt  farmcredit  farm to tablet is live  hear first-hand accounts from farmers about the need for tech in modern ag operations & how farm c…
rt  kempfoundation  thank you to andy zopp  worldbizchicago  peterroskam  margaretanadu ed monser of  emerson_news and david dillon of dill…
today s house passage of the tax cutand jobs act was a win for families and small businesses like those i represent i…
rt  memfoundation  this day 50 years ago  the world changed  he had a voice   his life was cut short but his voice is still heard in our th…
my full statement on the passage of the 2018 omnibus 
   anthony barnes veteran outreach/constituent services specialist for my office  delegate chris collins  wincheste…
rt  acibc  thank you for what you do for your country and this cause -  repscottperry at action days2018  thank you for your support and st…
 oxfordoutlaws i voted against it  here is my full statement 
this morning  i joined  lngallies and spoke to foreign dignitaries and industry leaders on the benefits of exportin…
extremists who attack oil pipelines potentially endanger both colorado families and energy industry workers 
food security is national security  2018 farm bill
rt  conawaytx11  here s an in-depth look at how the snap program helps the american dream more attainable  from my desk to yours --&gt 
the interior appropriations bill once again provides important funding for epa programs that clean our environment …
that is why i have written a letter to general services administration  gsa  to rebid their contract with citibank…
it s important that we work together at all levels to support the parkland community and work to address these syst…
click to read opening statements from  repbillshuster and  repgarretgraves from this morning s water hearing …
autism spectrum disorder affects 1 in 68 children in the united states  today  on world autism awareness day  we ackn…
my staff will be hosting satellite office hours in sun city and st  helena island today   
rt  housegop  you ve heard about 4 million workers getting  4 billion in bonuses  but have you heard about the 48 states where utility bill…
rt  speakerryan  no staffer or member should ever feel unsafe in public service  new reforms from  houseadmingop will help make that a real…
it s small business week and we re live in wauconda with local businesses and the  jobcreatorsusa to talk about how…
sad to see some senate democrats playing politics with our national security and foreign policy by working to block…
rt  wzzm13  thespian festival in grand rapids
i m adding a second veterans history event in lewis county on oct  16  for more info & to sign up  visit
rt  gopoversight    congressmanhice  it is time for the irs to hold itself to the same high standard it requires of american taxpayers 
each march 30  we mark doctors day and honor the many doctors who care for america s patients  working alongside fe…
yesterday  the  housevetaffairs committee approved legislation that includes language from my bill that would exten…
  starbucks announced earlier this year that it would invest its tax savings into wage increases and paid time off…
carteret county  tomorrow at 6pm  i m hosting a teletown hall event to hear from you  you can call directly to  888…
sent bipartisan letter with  repjoshg to treasury secretary mnuchin urging his department to adopt a comprehensive…
in observance of the 50th anniversary of dr  martin luther king  jr  s assassination  it was a privilege to listen…
tomorrow  natlparkservice is allowing free admission at all of their parks in honor of national park week  i encoura…
rt  transport  latest  chairman  repbillshuster in  washtimes   congress cannot squander a rare opportunity for reform  
teachers do more than teach – they are mentors  role models  and friends  this teacher appreciation day join me in t…
that same day  full cmte chair  repgregwalden sub environment chair  repshimkus & sub energy chair  repfredupton wr…
driving through blairsville and stopped in to see greg at north georgia stone  i m always grateful to hear from bus…
rt  brazoriacounty 
rt  kristina_wong    repwalterjones wants to know why we are still in afghanistan   this country is headed for bankruptcy   after 16 years…
great to visit with sourceree in  pa12   an important business it supplier  & hear that the tax cutsand jobs act will…
i am honored to join my congressional colleagues and our israeli friends in jerusalem today to mark the move of ou…
today is national agriculture day  thank you to all who work in the agriculture industry  ag day  houseagnews
during national police week  join me in finding ways to thank the heroes who protect us every day as well as their f…
president trump has shown that the us will not back down in the face of international atrocities  we must continue…
rt  visitthecapitol  reminder  the capitol visitor center will be closed on thanksgiving  11/26 -- no capitol tours that day  regular hours…
rt  whitehouse  today is national prescription drug take back day  visit to find a safe-disposal site to get rid of…
watch  congressmangt talk about opioid solutions on the house floor ⤵️
on international womens day  i am proud to stand with some of the women who dominate my office  from chief of staff…
my thoughts & prayers are with former alabama gop chair bill armistead & his family tonight at the tragic loss of his wife emily 
rt  osuprezdrake  honored to present  ohiostatealumni  pattiberi with the alliance of dedicated cancer centers congressional champions awar…
raising ethanol blends to 15 percent is encouraging for our ag community and i applaud the administration for movin…
they are invaluable to my job of representing the people of ohio s 5th congressional district  as the father of two…
security of american workers and security of american citizens holds priority  a well run legal immigration system…
earlier today i spoke on the house floor regarding the proposed tariffs on steel and aluminum   
 rfischer  woodtv with all due respect ross  this is a completely needless shutdown caused by the senate minority…
313 000 new jobs were added in february 
rt  davegreber4  ahead on news4 at 6 30   repchriscollins will join us live on set to talk about the release of the declassified memo  s…
the house voted to keep the government open and avert a shutdown  with the support of democrats and republicans  60…
the congressional accountability and hush fund elimination act - hr 4494 - already has over 65 bipartisan cosponsors 
 betteridaho 60 votes needed in the senate  but you knew that  even the liberal media has corrected democrats on th…
i met with students from  armathsciarts to discuss their participation in the stock market challenge  it s an excep…
louise slaughter was a kind and caring colleague and a relentless advocate for western new york  this is a great tr…
rt  sthelenasupe   wafb st  helena parish schools will be closed on tuesday  january 16  2018 due to impending severe weather conditions 
there is more that connects us than divides us  proud to be ranked as one of the most bipartisan members of congres…
 beltonisd  beltonhs  bnthw  beltonisdadvaca   beltonisd the pleasure was all mine  great to be with such outstanding leaders 
 facebook make sure these ads are taken down quicker in the future  and develop the ai to automatically keep them f…
joining  wkzonews live now to discuss troubling line5 developments  the zuckerberg hearing  & more  tune in &gt &gt 
i am extremely grateful for all of the sacrifices that our veterans have made to protect the united states of ameri…
 defendourfuture  evergladesnps  biscaynenps  floridakeysnms  drytortugasnps after receiving a briefing from…
tune to  foxbusiness at 1135 texas time  i will be joining  teamcavuto to discuss the happenings in washington this…
rt  wsjopinion  sen  mcconnell should drop his threat to block rescissions affecting the omnibus  writes  repmarkwalker
thanks   kingdomgroupins  for having me visit with some of your brokers to discuss a few of the biggest issues impa…
rt  housecommerce  thanks to efforts led by e&c to modernize the nation s energy infrastructure  the u s  became a net exporter of natural…
chairman  usreprodney  supporting the strongest possible nuclear deterrent is a critical aspect of our national sec…
rt  repmiketurner  great to visit  hafb last week with  reprobbishop 
rt  chocdocs  choc s new intensive outpatient program will bring solutions and hope to teens and their families who show moderate to severe…
rt  kasiedc  what does the term  assault weapons  mean   repryancostello says we need a definition if we are ever going to tackle the gun d…
rt  foxbusiness    reptomrice on paying for infrastructure  i believe that the reason that the economy is lifting off of the 1 6% growth in…
this is outstanding news for 5 000 at&t employees in michigan 
because the federal government is closed  we are canceling today s  mornings with mike  event  stay safe if in the…
  mrsb1stgraders thanks for your question  ask buddy
i also asked mr  kouzoukas how medicare is getting the word out to seniors about the new medicare cards 
was an honor to speak   the amphibious warship industrial base coalition congressional forum  as a member of…
over 4 million workers have received bonuses and other benefits because of the tax cuts and jobs act  learn more ab…
  potus in california now   my new national strategy for space recognizes that space is a war-fighting domain just…
rt  jiranrick  happening now --- legislative lunch at  ycrchamber in  rockhillsccity  federal and state updates   
i am committed to the conversation about school safety  and am asking for your continued input  because schools sho…
this week we remember the men and women in blue who have made the ultimate sacrifice and honor those who work tirel…
today  potus spoke about the administration s efforts to combat the opioid crisis and has launched…
my statement on the historic fy18 omnibus funding bll
congratulations to  andoverohpublib for receiving a grant from the national endowment for the humanities to partici…
rt  reprobbrooks  thank you to everyone who attended this morning s listening session in newburg that i participated in with  senstroebel a…
rt  repanniekuster  watch as we announce the bipartisan heroin task force s legislative agenda for the coming year  we ve been successful i…
icymi  ny is receiving  25 million in opioid response grants – a resource created under the 21st century cures act…
ruth 1 16 but ruth said   do not urge me to leave you or turn back from following you  for where you go  i will go …
join me in celebrating national small business week and thanking the tens of millions of small businesses across our…
attention high school students of  nm02   my office is now accepting applications for the 2018…
i enjoyed meeting with constituents from the  epilepsyfdn  i appreciate their work and dedication to improving the…
this may is mental health awareness month  every child  regardless of background  must be provided the mental healt…
good to meet with bright & inspiring students  from  georgiatech s  gtgrand program  who are visiting lawmakers dur…
today at 10am central will appear on  foxnews  happeningnow to discuss giuliani s call for ag sessions to  step in …
rt  wwarriorbb  thank you to  reptrey for visiting  your_wchs to learn more about our participation in the stock market game 
we are one step closer to historic tax reform - more jobs  fairer taxes  and bigger paychecks  read my full stateme…
this week the house will consider  housecommerce right to try legislation that offers hope to americans suffering fr…
rt  heritage  student debt is a symptom of our broken education system  this bill would spark a change 
baton rouge traffic headaches  burbank reopens  i-12 remains closed due to downed lines via  theadvocatebr
today i had the pleasure of welcoming french president emmanuel macron to congress and that i have the privilege of…
rt  secafofficial  great exchange of ideas on supply chain and talent management with  walmart today   johnboozman  rep_stevewomack
 but the angel said to them   do not be afraid  for i know that you seek jesus who was crucified  he is not here  f…
wishing you a blessed easter 
as we come to the end of womens history month  a thank you to the women who show young girls everywhere that they ca…
good to speak at the alabama restaurant & hospitality association board of directors meeting at the birmingham marr…
rt  housegop  it shouldn t take more than a year to fire an employee who is not doing their job  serving vets  v aaccountability
i will miss  speakerryan  but his vision  dedication  and service has paved the way for an even brighter future  i…
rt  housegop    potus  we slashed the business tax rate from 35 percent all the way down to 21 percent  so american companies can compete a…
👀  potus  realdonaldtrump and i start paving the way forward on infrastructure and 2018 tomorrow 
enjoyed talking with students in the early childhood education program at  nwtc  the future of education in northe…
tomorrow is national prescription drug take back day  find out how to properly dispose of unused prescription drugs…
register for the committee on house administration legislative data and transparency conference  ldtc  technology
chairman  petesessions explained the function and importance of the rules committee at the  houseadmngop intern lec…
there were plenty of okies in d c  this week for spring break  if you re planning a trip to washington  visit my we…
read my response to today s editorial about a bi-partisan bill i co-sponsored two years ago 
please join me in praying for my colleagues and capitol police  i am fine  thank you to those who have asked 
 couragetocall and  feedingsandiego hosting its bi-weekly food distribution on saturday at the rock church east cou…
rt  daily_press  take a look at thursday s front page 
 richardrubindc us cold people have to stick together 
rt  housegop  children should feel safe at school  this legislation is a critical first step in ensuring that… s t o p school violence act 
happy new year 
important for everyone to stay safe  aware and prepared as fires in southern california continue to spread 
rt  madeleinebehr  two wisconsin winners from  repgrothman and  jimpressoffice staff  all good dogs 
happy birthday  oklahoma  on november 16  1907  oklahoma became the 46th state 
i am encouraging the  senatedems to vote yes  which means to reopen the federal government and fund the children s…
thank you to allstate in hudson for hosting me for an employee town hall  all 1250 employees were invited and the t…
rt  repdlamborn  it would open the door to a host of so-called chaplains who represent philosophical worldviews and not the distinctly reli…
thanks to our amazing interns on this national intern day  thanks for all you do for  ca04  in the name of liberty 
▶🎦 chairman hensarling speaks to the house of representatives in support of h r  4790  the volcker rule regulatory…
happy birthday to my mom  thank you for all you have done and sacrificed for your children 
congraulations to bradie tennell  born in winfield  il  and all of team usa on winning the bronze medal for the fig…
the deal fails to prevent iran from testing ballistic missiles and does not address iran s role as the world s lead…
on tax day  i m celebrating the ways that tax reform has created opportunity for families in businesses in  sc07  
the house voted and passed today a  1 3 trillion omnibus bill that was horrific on a host of levels   
our world mourns the loss of a great spiritual leader and christian  billy graham brought the word to millions 
  larryelder you are a shining twitter star  
intellectually disabled people are seven times more likely to be sexually assaulted  i just introduced the care act…
happy birthday  rep   justinamash  🎈🎉🎁
i appreciate  realdonaldtrump for inviting me and other members of congress to the white house today to discuss…
it is great to see community spirit and dedication rewarded  congratulations to the winners of all the awards hande…
i stopped by  okcfox last week to discuss the recent spending bill signed by president trump  gun violence  and tea…
god reached out with his hands of mercy on all of us that day 
rt  hurdonthehill  our smallbusinesses are the backbone of our  tx23  communities & employ 4 6 million hardworking texans across the state …
many thanks to  vp for meeting with venezuelan opposition leaders  reaffirming the united states  commitment to…
rt  vp  50 years ago today  dr  king s life was tragically cut short - but that did not stop his immortal words  his courageous example and…
breaking  senate democrats blocked zika funding for the third time  unacceptable  the time for action is now 
rt  housecommerce  full cmte advanced 32 bills at markup today  25 of which are aimed at combating the opioid crisis &gt &gt 
i m grieved tonight by the loss of another sheriff s deputy in the line of duty  as well as the injury of several o…
rt  housecommerce  icymi  sub d c c p examines efforts to combat robocalls &gt &gt 
the tax cuts and jobs act included provisions to encourage long-term private investment in low-income neighborhoods  i…
rt  housecommerce  dyk  5 e&c member districts are in the path of totality during eclipse2017
what questions do you have for facebook 
tonight  sometime in 7pm hour  i ll be leading a special order on house floor  joined by other members  detailing c…
today  i was happy to meet with members from my american legion el cajon post 303 to discuss veteran priorities and…
rt  headachedoc   we have to have more research into alternative treatments  i m working with  repmckinley to try to get the comprehensive…
collins and fcc commissioner o rielly host rural broadband roundtable -
it s time to let the majority govern  my full statement on the schumer shutdown →
rt  awbolympia  awb s spring washington business magazine is out  cover story rounds up last year s manufacturing week tour  p  36   u s  r…
 indivisibleca48  niosha  thefix  indivisible_oc the debate is over  u lost  next election cycle u get another chance 
gracias por tu participación hoy  jenniffer2012  apreciamos su dedicación a este tema y puerto rico  🇵🇷
 lwherron  reprohrabacher election cycle just ended  voters elected me to do what i said i would do in campaign 
happy birthday james monroe  1758-1831  - america s fifth president
rt  repjasonsmith   we enacted the biggest tax cuts and reforms in american history   realdonaldtrump  sotu 
happy 110th birthday to the  usarmyreserve   since 1908  they have served valiantly in every major conflict and con…
happy birthday to my colleague and fellow texan  repratcliffe and colleague from pa   repmeehan 
there s an old expression  it s the military that makes the space for diplomatic engagement 
we ve worked to fully reauthorize  chip  for months  & now we ve finally reached a long term solution that gives fam…
sorry to hear my good friend dennis ross is retiring  he has been a great advocate for florida  fighting on behalf…
confirm haspel senator john mccain voted to confirm brennan  as did nearly every democrat  gina haspel reported to…
rt  houseforeign  chairman  repedroyce statement on syria
no amount of snow can deter nebraskans  happy to see such a big turnout at this morning s nebraska breakfast …
rt  repblainepress  the house just passed  reploudermilk bill to institute a more thoughtful approach to regulation and foster a more respo…
this week 📆 may 16 10am → hearing on how tax reform is helping to grow our economy & create jobs may 16 2pm → marku…
the house just passed legislation that would expedite investigations of va medical centers  read chairman…
great way to kick off the day w/  bldgtrdsunions  talked about rebuilding our crumbling roads & bridges  taking an…
met with  secretarycarson to discuss nc s ongoing recovery needs following hurricane matthew  sec  carson is comm…
great meeting today with military officers from the u s  and around the world who are studying at the army war coll…
dr  billy graham will lie in honor in the rotunda of the us capitol on wednesday  with public viewing from 1pm-8pm …
i have fought tirelessly for blue water navy veterans to receive presumptive status for agent orange exposure  they…
great visit with lani dolifka  owner of  watermillupdate on how the tax cutsand jobs act is helping her not only expa…
rt  austinscottga08  the 2018 farm bill supports and encourages a new generation of farmers  including through programs to aid in acquiring…
today is world down syndrome day – an opportunity to celebrate people with down syndrome who are making a lasting imp…
today  the house took a major first step toward removing spent nuclear fuel from our communities with the passage o…
this morning  i had the opportunity to speak with hr professionals and answer their questions about how my…
congratulations to nathaniel himmelberg and joey welty for earning your rank of eagle scout  eagle scout
had an excellent visit  restek this morning  keep up the great work 
if colorado values have worked for 141 years  then they can work for many more  colorado day
rt  nbcnews  live  the white house shines blue on national peace officers memorial day in honor of law enforcement officers who have died i…
rt  dwhitephoto1   peterroskam on new tax law  it modernizes tax code and promotes economic growth  tax reform via…
rt  senatorwicker  the  usnavy has accelerated plans to purchase 2 more ford-class aircraft carriers  this block buy will save billions for…
icymi my op/ed in  thenatlinterest taiwan is an important & longstanding partner of the united states and an exemp…
more money in your pocket  according to  commercegov  real disposable income has had the biggest gain since april…
thank you to  ufdr_forshey for the tour of the  ufindlay animal science center today  students manage more than 400…
rt  foxbusiness    judgetedpoe   it s a smart move on the part of the president to put the national guard on the border  
history will judge his time in congress for its long-term  positive influence on the body through his honored and p…
senator tim scott and i are kicking off our book tour tonight at 7 00pm  hope you will join us at  bookendsnj 
appropriations committee unveils the fiscal year 2019 agriculture appropriations bill
what a great idea  aiden   austinpetsalive is nearing one of their busiest times of the year and aiden s idea can h…
it s now day two of the schumer shutdown  the house did its job  it is time for  senatedems to do the same 
honored to have been joined by usda under secretary greg ibach for a dairy roundtable today in wyoming county  it i…
thanks for your question  ever since my days as biology major  virginia_tech habitat conservation has been importan…
rt  ohiochc  thank you  repstevestivers - ohio s first chime co-signer to support ohio s community health centers  with your support we can…
rt  tomemmer  today is the opening of the u s  embassy in jerusalem  it s an incredible moment for the american-israeli alliance 
there is good economic news everywhere you look  i ll soon be speaking about how american workers and families are…
rt  housegop  thanks to the tax cutsand jobs act  small biz owners now have the opportunity to… ✓ invest in their employees ✓ grow their busi…
it s an honor to celebrate the powerful and unifying force of prayer in our country at the national observance of t…
grateful for the opportunity to meet with representatives from  mbamortgage  & the south state bank in blythewood …
it s a privilege to stand alongside the  acuconservative as we work to cut taxes  reduce regulations  secure our bo…
icymi  300  ag groups came together this week to offer their support for the 2018 farm bill & urged members to oppos…
had a great visit with  trcorg this morning in jamestown  ny where we discussed their new renovations and integrate…
 realmattcouch more precise language would help solve the problem  the  housegop passed ahca  but the senate    pre…
 2of2   realdonaldtrump promise is facing obama holdovers  dod who have been fighting against rebuilding & are still undermining agenda 
congrats to gunnar 
here is full vid of tonight s special order i hosted laying out case for appt of 2nd special counsel re fisa abuse …
speaking before hanford employees about the importance of their work & my goals as chairman of  housecommerce to cl…
national ag week highlight  north dakota s 91 dairy farms produce 38 million gallons of milk each year 
good luck in san diego  lauren 
 niosha  thefix  indivisible_oc that pathetic case not indicative of major fraud unlike dems insisting no photo id  enabling illegal voting
  completecollege  each additional year at a 2-year college costs nearly  51 000 in attendance and lost wages   g o p future millennials
the president s  4 1 trillion budget today is nothing more than a liberal wishlist that s completely dead on arrival
rt  dkambusa  danish consulate general in houston  texas  now officially open  thank you  anderssamuelsen   judgetedpoe   reppeteolson …
hasc tactical air & land forces release mark for  fy19ndaa   ndaa  - ensure that our military services are provided n…
more middle-class families deserve a fairer shot at the american dream 
i d like to recognize all of the outstanding current & former educators throughout california in honor of…
icymi   repgoodlatte &  tgowdysc applaud the appointment of us attorney john w  huber to investigate…
discussing my priorities for flood mitigation in southeast texas and harris county at the u s -taiwan flooding miti…
rt  springfieldnl  how to sign your kids up for a free tiger woods golf clinic in hollister
mrs  bush embodied the best of america  strong  compassionate  and spirited  while i grieve with my dear friend  pr…
i took to the house floor this week to talk about the targeted missile strikes in syria last weekend and about wha…
rt  mtkapd  save the date for an important human trafficking awareness event at  tonkaschools on feb  27 at 7 p m  learn how you can make a…
icymi- fy18  houseappropsgop fin serv bill invests in women small business centers & other vital programs 
congratulations to  repbradwenstrup on becoming the newest member of  waysandmeansgop   excited to work together on…
meet mike o dell  allentown   served as part of  usarmy s 3rd us infantry regiment & guard of tomb of the unknown…
congrats to  nikkihaley for her great work at un representing usa by exposing russian-syrian lies and answering their threats 
from my family to yours → happy easter 
whether it is immigration reform  labeling  or holding canada accountable to make sure we have a fair export-import…
thanks to the tax cuts and jobs act  the american people are now seeing lower energy rates 
rt  edworkforce  watch chairwoman  virginiafoxx deliver her opening statement at today s full committee hearing with  usdol  secretaryacost…
palestinian terrorists murdered an innocent israeli man yesterday  hamas and palestinian authority leadership celeb…
amazing visit to  westpoint_usma nominating young men & women from mo s 8th to america s military academies is one…
rt  ylanmui    repmarkwalker on budget deal   republicans are being offered a false choice today  either support the military or maintain f…
eager to begin work on the house floor on our national security appropriations package-rebuild the military-support the troops and families 
it is reprehensible that people target and deliberately hunt down our nation s law enforcement  i have always stood…
rt  speakerryan  just now → with a unanimous vote  the house passed legislation to reform the congressional accountability act and help mak…
with tax day upon us  irs related scams are on the rise which is why the house will vote on several bills this week…
i visited homes today that are being rebuilt after hurricane matthew  i m proud to have helped secure the funding t…
erika and i send our deepest condolences to officer whites  family and friends during this difficult time  we are p…
icymi →  the american people have a right to understand why and how regulatory decisions are made   -  housescience…
barksdale s b-52s get modern makeover  ft polk protected from base closure list & belle chasse f-15 fighters will g…
great to visit with stephen and elizabeth  visiting from grapevine today  by the statue of the  father of texas - s…
chairman  repmccaul commends new  ustreasury s sanctions against russian entities and individuals for interference…
happy 151st birthday to nebraska  our great state continues to be known for values of hard work  community life  an…
it s the last tax day you ll have to file under our broken code  now taxpayers across the country & in cd2 will fil…
w&m is getting to the bottom of the irs tech failure on tax day  oversight subcmte members sent a bipartisan letter…
rt  houseappropsgop  live at 10am   mickmulvaneyomb testifies before  reptomgraves & the financial services subcommittee on the fy19 budget…
sad to learn of barbara bush s passing  she was a remarkable first lady and a role model to many  mary grace and i…
congratulations to  montcalmcc s nursing graduates  i wish them all the best as they serve others in our communitie…
breaking  the house of representatives just passed the  amber alert in indian country act   similar to legislation…
happy presidents  day
we re already in a trade war   realdonaldtrump is strong enough & smart enough to do something about it  he is on…
benjamin netanyahu has been a courageous leader for israel & a friend to the u s  congratulations to prime minister netanyahu on his victory
thx  wearealpa  safer skies benefit us all 
chairman  repgoodlatte  sexual assault survivors  bill of rights is  landmark bipartisan legislation that furthers…
i ll be hosting neighborhood office hours and open door after 4 at our mount pleasant office later today   
to all those celebrating passover  may it be blessed  chag sameach 
today we honor those who answer the call to serve their communities  especially those who lost their lives in the l…
we have now moved to our first panel of doctors who are discussing medical issues as a result of obesity  thanks to…
i m honored to support light it up blue for autism awareness day and am grateful for the work of organizations like t…
otd in 1839  mirabeau lamar  president of the republic of texas  and his cabinet arrived in the new capital city of…
pushing to open anwr through budget reconciliation  the time is now - to address our debt  create new wealth & jobs…
this morning  we ll begin the second day of the  housecommerce sub health hearing on combating the crisis next door …
rt  ushousehistory  learn about symbolism in the house chamber before  sotu   tour with the house curator  s o t u history
today is military spouse appreciation day  we appreciate the sacrifices you make every day in support of those servin…
on this good friday  let us remember--  he was wounded for our transgressions  he was bruised for our iniquities …
rt  netanyahu  i met with florida gov  rick scott  a senatorial delegation led by lindsey graham  and a congressional delegation led by joe…
the student leadership summit  on tuesday  april 3rd is a unique opportunity for student leaders to hear from indi…
rt  repmarkmeadows  andrew mccabe lied to his fbi superiors not once  not twice  not three times  he lied four times--multiple times under…
rt  eff  the secure data act  which has bipartisan support  gets encryption right  it would protect companies from being forced to build ba…
on this national dayof prayer  let us find unity in our faith – whatever faith that may be  today  i m praying for o…
rt  foxbusiness    repseanduffy   isn t that rich that facebook wants the voices of conservatism that they ve tried to take off of their pl…
a recent study by  freopp featured in  forbes noted how the  prosper  act and tax reform will bring necessary change…
psalm 51 10 create in me a clean heart  o god  and renew a steadfast spirit within me 
rt  reprwilliams  the practice of  de-risking  has damaging effects on main street by limiting the ability of smallbiz to access credit  w…
today  i introduced the grace act  a bill that denies govt contracts for companies that donate to planned parenthood 
like most americans – and most gun owners – i wasn t aware of bump stocks  it is my view that these devices deserve scrutiny 
today s overwhelming bipartisan passage of the faa reauthorization is the next step in rebuilding america s infrast…
rt  realdonaldtrump  best wishes to prime minister  netanyahu and all of the people of israel on the 70th anniversary of your great indepen…
it has been an honor to work w/  speakerryan on our shared vision & to call him a friend  he is smart  strategic  h…
reminder  i m hosting a telephone town hall for you & your family tonight at 7pm cdt  dial 877-229-8493 and use pass…
drama may be a focus of  nwsa_miami but there s no denying they put in lots of rehearsal time to get on…
rt  reploudermilk  human trafficking has no place in society  we must act to end this horrendous practice  the  financialcmte is working to…
live at 2pm  it oversight and cybersecurity at the  deptvetaffairs | chaired by  hurdonthehill…
enjoyed welcoming atlantic county residents today to washington  answering their questions &…
another way to celebrate national parks week  explore the mormon pioneer national historic trail  mpnha  it spans fi…
 the bright red rig is a rolling memorial to firefighters everywhere  and especially three area heroes who died pro…
congratulations george gonzales for being named the donald f  luce depot maintenance artisan of the year 
rt  copsdoughnuts  what an honor to attend  sotu  as ryno goes to d c we think  realdonaldtrump  potus would enjoy the cookies    
rt  francoordonez  gop picks yoder to chair influential homeland security appropriations subcommittee
rep  sensenbrenner &  repronkind penned an op-ed together in the  journalsentinel on bipartisanship in congress 
in batavia with  fcc commissioner michael o rielly and area officials discussing broadband  too many of our rural c…
watch live  waysandmeansgop health subcommittee hearing on the implementation of macra s physician payment policies
i m honored that my office was selected to participate in the wounded warrior fellowship program  we are now seek…
disappointed that democrats blocked rightto try legislation yesterday that would allow patients with a terminal ill…
wonderful u s  service academy signing ceremony today with tyler davis  who just accepted an appointment to the nav…
great news for the 6 637 walmart employees across the grand strand and the pee dee 
 starbucks announced today that it will be creating 70 000 new u s  jobs and 3 400 new stores across america  americanjobs and investment
rt  thejointstaff  tune in today at 10 a m  est here on our twitter account for live coverage of gen dunford and  deptofdefense sec  mattis…
i m excited to announce the 2018 congressional art competition  🎨high school students who wish to participate shoul…
congratulations to 2018 gerber spokesbaby lucas warren  who is from dalton 
he mentioned a snippet of the dod memo discussing national security  dismissing the concluding idea that steel or a…
i am appalled by  nygovcuomo actions today in what is so clearly a political maneuver to score him some more votes…
finished up morning radio interviews in atlantic & cape may counties  will be on  1400wond with  acpresscronick at…
i appreciate lt  gen  robert mcmurry  commander of the air force life cycle management center  for taking the time…
tonight i was honored to meet sonia warshawski  the holocaust survivor  bigsoniamovie centers around …
i am closely monitoring the situation in austin  thank you to our first responders who quickly arrived to the scen…
rt  houseforeign  house stands with the people of venezuela
this morning in  hascrepublicans hearing we re discussing the ability of state actors  like china and russia  and n…
calling all  ca50  high school artists  today  april 30th is the deadline to participate in the 2018-2019…
to date  they have helped first district citizens claim nearly  4 million dollars that they were entitled to  our o…
  potus   for decades  open borders have allowed drugs and gangs to pour into our most vulnerable communities    sotu 
on with krsy - alamo radio this morning  they re working on investing in their people  hiring new employees that al…
the monthly  househomeland terror threat snapshot highlights the growing threat america  the west  and the world fa…
 dmacgrr i ve held 45 in-person town hall meetings — more than any nj member from either party 
rt  repdougcollins  proud to cosponsor  reptrey s p o l i c e act to promote public safety by ensuring officers  ability to respond in the time…
air force awards northrop grumman contract to build the next generation bomber
great tour and discussion this morning at am general in auburn hills  am general designs  engineers  manufactures …
in march  i enjoyed meeting with northeast georgians representing  gafarmbureau to hear their thoughts on the upcom…
everyone depends on infrastructure every single day  i am proud to be among these leaders working to advance our na…
today is the last day to file your taxes under the old system  to learn more about how the tax cutsand jobs act will…
rt  miamisup  proud and grateful that  carloslcurbelo  roslehtinen and  mariodb are standing up for dreamers with this latest effort to br…
we need to rein in this unconstitutional  overreaching  unaccountable bureaucracy 
looking forward to having  potus in missouri s 3rd district on wednesday to talk about the tax cuts & jobs act and…
i started the day in robert lee  tx for a town hall while making the rounds in  tx11  i am thankful for each of you…
thanks for joining us this morning  lots to discuss right now regarding trade  particularly during plant18 
as we celebrate national american  redcross month  let s honor this organization s life-saving force and thank its…
rt  housescience  chairman  lamarsmithtx21 statement on the 48th celebration of earth day 
americans deserve secure borders and the deployment of the national guard is a positive step toward providing the s…
rt  jessicaasmith8    repfredupton asks about potential regulation and how it could impact startups  zuckerberg says he thinks it s  inevit…
here s how the tax reform bill that passed the house last week will provide tax relief for  cny  families and help o…
rt  poccaport  project partnership agreement signed for cc ship channel improvement project   farenthold chairman zahn with col zetterstro…
employees at best buy in waterloo were excited to talk about their bonuses thanks to the passage of the tax cuts an…
rt  whitehouse  opioids killed more people last year than either car accidents or gun violence  this crisis of addiction can affect any ame…
2  i voted for the longest extension to chip in its history mepolitics
our pecos county energy fuels our west texas  tx23  economy  i toured the mmex pecos county refinery project and pa…
rt  conawaytx11  my 12 carrier act passed as an amendment to the  ndaa  today  why do  realdonaldtrump and  ausntweets support a 12th carrier…
this week is apprenticeship week2017  a one-size-fits-all approach does not work for everyone when it comes to educ…
this week is teacher appreciation week a time to recognize our  ga08  educators & educators across the country  i d l…
labor force participation is historically low  time to support a healthier economy so people can get back to work  restoring the trust
i m proud to be joining some of our nation s wounded warriors and  realdonaldtrump this morning at the white house…
with over 136 000 families in wa that have at least one parent enlisted in our military  there are thousands of mil…
happy birthday  speakerryan 
this weekend i caught up with ed swanson  a fellow marine and founder of ready eddy s sandwiches in marinette  i as…
 let us begin tonight by recognizing that the state of our union is strong because our people are strong   -  potus  sotu 
wotus completely circumvented state water rights and put decisions about our water in the hands of washington burea…
rt  hbpw_news   repfredupton visited  hollandenergypk yesterday to tour the plant & visitor s center  thanks for visiting 
rt  speakerryan  in just the last 24 hours  four major us companies have announced increased wages  employee benefits  and investments in t…
today  on the 15th anniversary of the tragic loss of the space shuttle columbia  we remember rick husband  william…
rt  wilxtv 
a  zero tolerance  policy on immigration is exactly what this country needs  thank you  president  realdonaldtrump …
the fy19 energy and water appropriations bill was approved by the full committee on a vote of 29-20 
 mscharliejohnso nsr means  new source review   it s a permitting process at epa and has nothing to do with nationa…
shuster votes for historic tax cuts ✂✂✂
with the christmas season in full swing  let s not forget those who selflessly serve our nation in uniform  i was p…
the weather research and forecasting innovation act gets us closer to a day when we have zero deaths from tornadoes 
about to go live with  620wtmj s  johnmercure  tune in 
rt  maura_gillespie  up next on  cnn ➡️  repkinzinger joins  ac360 to discuss the latest with iran  israel  north korea and these most re…
  target acted with great optimism & confidence during tax reform talks to increase minimum wage for employees  ind…
rt  jhsph_chs  watch segment 3 of 4 of our clade x pandemic exercise  streaming live here  more info 
   as well as h r  1171  the als disability insurance access act of 2017  legislation i cosponsored  a 5 month wait…
thank you to all who take the oath to protect and serve  i placed a blue light in my office window to honor…
the men and women of the fbi comprise the world s preeminent law enforcement agency  the apparently inappropriate/…
amen   vp pence  amen   
this week is national school choice week  where we celebrate the opportunity for families to choose what learning o…
rt  speakerryan  one party in one house of this congress is deliberately holding our entire government hostage  this did not need to happen…
detwiler speech from earlier today detwiler fire
thank you to secretary of state rex tillerson for your dedicated leadership at the state department  congratulation…
rt  robwittman  we re still here and going strong   fy19ndaa 
new link for live stream g o p future millennials
i am proud to once again join a group of bipartisan members of congress  led by  rephuizenga &  repschneider to pro…
i ve been busy with budget negotiations  we have to work together to get things done  i am optimistic we will reac…
constituents of  va01   following the alleged use of chemical weapons by the assad regime  do you believe a retaliat…
rt  senmikelee  retweet if you agree that republicans in the senate should make democrats start voting on each of the appropriations bills…
happy birthday to our country s 40th president  ronald reagan  🇺🇸
  hurdonthehill  i want to get to a point where we can make decisions within the government on where to spend    an…
  npibeauty ask buddy
reminder  all submissions for this year s art comp  due thursday 4/26  details --
rt  repkevinbrady  the american people work hard to earn their paychecks and support their families  finally  they have a tax code that all…
rt  speakerryan  whether they re in kilts or caps  a big thank you to the united states capitol police  who protect and serve each and ever…
as the co-chair of the invasive species caucus and a member of the bipartisan climate solutions caucus  i will cont…
i m proud to have someone representing the proud agricultural tradition of our district on the world stage   co04 
rt  theccul  thank you   repralphnorman  for visiting sc s creditunions and representing our neighbors in the 5th congressional district …
rt  houseagnews  rural america is hurting  over the last five years  net farm income has been cut in half  strong farm policy provides a sa…
today  daveloebsack & i hosted the depot caucus breakfast where we discussed the the integral role of fleet readine…
marcia and i have been coming to the wayne volunteer fire department s palm sunday pancake and french toast breakfast…
 ga09   have questions  concerns  or insights about what s going on in washington  join the conversation with me and…
rt  repmikebishop  watch live  i m asking questions during today s  waysandmeansgop trade subcommittee on how we can fix vulnerabilities th…
yesterday the house passed a major tax reform package for the first time since 1986  today s weekly address breaks…
rt  jerrymande  great to see standing room only for capitol hill snap-ed briefing with  congressmangt  brighterbites  mksrd snap-ed must b…
 repgoodlatte  we must ensure that our immigration benefits system is working as efficiently and securely as possib…
chairing an  edworkforce subcommittee hearing on expanding affordable health care options for small businesses and…
national take back day old and expired drugs can end up finding new uses if we are not careful  make sure your prescr…
three years ago  nibras didn t speak a word of english  this past weekend  she made it to the quarterfinals of the…
thanks to taxreform  mcdonald s is expanding its education benefits program to 400 000 employees  and will triple…
during national police week  and every day that passes  we honor the memory of those who died in the line of duty
ssa s acting chief actuary said they need to be strategic – that a budget alone won t solve this 
great spending the morning with students from across alabama  they re in dc this week for the…
rt  gopleader  you deserve the truth  here is why the fisa memo matters ↓
5g technology can change lives  especially in the agriculture industry where broadband in rural areas is needed to…
more good news due to the recently passed tax cuts  tyson foods inc  says more than 100 000 employees will receive…
 i welcome the announcement from the inspector general s office that it will investigate potential abuses of fisa a…
the bill helps protect western communities from catastrophic wildfires by reforming our federal forestry laws 
thank you for your support on this important prolife issue 
my statement on today s proposal by  epascottpruitt &  epa on the west lake landfill 
accountants in congress describe their perfect tax code via  yahoofinance
 our agriculture economy is certainly not in a position to absorb any spears at this point   i expressed my strong…
more good news   apple announced it will invest  350 billion in u s  economy  create 20 000 new american jobs  give…
voting for the 2018 congressional art competition starts today  vote for your favorite artist by  liking  their artw…
icymi  here is my farm bill friday video at schrack farm resources  an 11th generation dairy farm in loganton  pa  t…
democrats at first said e&t funding was too much and now say it isn t enough  bottom line  the 2018 farm bill will t…
did you know that 9 out of 10 americans will see an increase in their pay check this month  share your story here i…
this morning   housejudiciary will hear from several witnesses whose children have been impacted - including a…
thank you for the recognition but the work doesn t stop here  i look forward to accomplishing more with my colleagu…
march 14  1973 my entire life changed when i was sworn into the u s  house of representatives  it has been one of t…
thanks to  healthitnow for making the trip to finger lakes community health to talk about how telehealth is having…
this morning  chairman  repstevechabot sat down  wellsfargo & the  naturbanleague with small biz owners from across…
tax cutsand jobs act
congratulations to coppell s  sollythomas90  picked 3rd overall tonight in the n f l draft
a special reminder this holiday season of incredible sacrifice of our troops & their families as major cooper bozar…
america mourns with the bush family tonight  barbara bush was an incredible woman  she will be dearly missed 
rt  fsintermediate  what better way to celebrate national women s month than by having  hurdonthehill recognize these young women  so prou…
i joined  radiostieren for a live broadcast from the dena ina center following  secretaryzinke  s address to  aoga 
praying for my colleagues and all involved in the train accident in west virginia today  i was not on board  but i…
the flag at our cullman district office at half staff in memory of barbara bush 
rt  natresources    interior is celebrating national park week with free entrance to all national parks on saturday  april 21  find your par…
my advice in  girlboss to women who also want to lead in congress  1⃣ be confident & tell your story  2⃣ make sure…
like many in the community  i am deeply saddened by this news   read  more via  daytondailynews👇
rt  housegop  rt if you re ready to bring jobs back home  the tax cuts & jobs act eliminates incentives that currently reward companies for…
spoke w/  oklahomabankers today about congress s outlook this year and the importance of community banks in our state
rt  ayanabaati  h res128 thank you  repsmucker for affording us the opportunity to meet with your policy adviser  darcy mclaughlin to talk…
time to abandon the washington-centered approach so young americans have more opp  to succeed  restoring the trust
community health centers are vital providers of quality care  i m glad to see the community health center fund reau…
my latest op-ed  how spacex embodies the importance of the free market  thehill  jobcreatorsusa
rt  caitlinberni  it s always a fun time to catch up with my old boss and friend  stevescalise  but even more so when surrounded by accompl…
absolutely agree 
new year  new tax code  the tax cuts & jobs act changes the course of our nation and empowers everyday americans an…
this week i hosted a roundtable with local law enforcement officials from across the first district to discuss ways…
 you re fired  any free agent leaker s  on  realdonaldtrump s national security council w/their own agenda/vision f…
 otd  in 1945  our flag was raised at iwo jima  american bravery and valor at its finest  🇺🇸
everyday americans continue to see results from the tax cutsand jobs act with lower taxes in their paychecks 
happy birthday to my friend and colleague  speakerryan 
second session of the 115th has begun    ready to get to work and accomplish great things 
enjoyed meeting jan today at my seniors fair at newbo market in cedar rapids  awesome earmuffs   ia01 
rt  fox11news  connect to congress   repgallagher talks to  rhornacek about china tariffs  border security and blue wave2018
rt  scottyn4  congressman peter roskam discusses how important  house_democracy is in sharing democratic principles around the world hdpde…
schumer shutdown
rt  housecommerce  sub health looks at reauthorization of prescription drug user fee act  advancing innovative medicine &gt &gt 
rt  tccollege  don t forget to submit your app for the 2017-2018 tcc foundation scholarship by 4/21  find available scholarships at
excited to announce the 2016 congressional art competition  visit my website for details 
rt  ajcglobal  thanks also to  repchrissmith  repeliotengel  roslehtinen  repteddeutch  repkaygranger  repveasey  peterroskam leaders again…
rt  speakerryan  we should be empowering americans to reach their full potential  the 2018 farm bill promotes work requirements for federal…
  senatedems continue to block all of our spending bills that would fund the military and our government for a year…
 erpforidaho  kevinrichert i thought this was an issue i could work on with you and your party  so not clear why y…
westerman votes to modernize nation s aviation sector  faa bill includes westerman amendment…
my office has received more press inquiries about the upcoming  facebook hearing than we did when sec  clinton testified before congress 
rt  housegop  we haven t really reformed our tax code since 1986  the year ferris bueller came out 
i welcome all high school students in the 14th district to submit their entries and help us showcase our talented y…
congratulations to the debruce hotel in sullivan co  on being named to the  cntraveler 2018 hot list  this recognit…
great group this morning for coffee and donuts at our  mornings with mike  event   al03 
prison reform means working to build honorable futures out of troubled pasts  & we can t afford to pilot unproven i…
a few lubbockites stopped by the office today to discuss issues pertaining to ophthalmology  one in particular bein…
thank you to all the dedicated officers who participated in this operation  i echo sheriff deloach that if you choo…
rt  sbagov  happy national small business week  we re celebrating america s 30 million small businesses  learn how you can participate → htt…
rt  reparrington  today we re sending legislation to the president s desk that will help speed up investigations so that we have the inform…
rt  lastatepolice  all major interstate systems remain closed in the troop a area  troopers have been working with our partners at la dotd…
rt  statedeptspox  mike pompeo has been sworn in today as the 70th u s  secretary of state 
thank you so much for your work on this issue  glad you could tele-join us today 
we need to educate our young people about all the opportunities that are out there for them to secure good paying jobs right here 
i m deeply saddened by the loss of former israeli president shimon peres  he was a statesman who was committed to peace in the middle east 
if you can t fly then run  if you can t run then walk  if you can t walk then crawl  but whatever you do you have t…
live soon  president  emmanuelmacron of the french republic will deliver an address to a joint meeting of congress …
2  doubling the child tax credit from  1 000 to  2 000 will help more parents across the country with the costs of…
rt  edworkforce    virginiafoxx welcomes  potus trump s executive actions to expand educational opportunities for america s workers 
rt  rodneydavis    repshimkus  repkinzinger & i announced  unit10tweets was awarded a  122 923 grant from  usdard to fund distance learning…
rt  repdianeblack  icymi  107 of my colleagues joined my letter to  speakerryan   gopleader &  stevescalise urging them to do everything in…
i had a fantastic time talking aviation development opportunities w/  airsign ceo patrick walsh & his team  we disc…
rt  stevescalise  i challenged  samspressshop to a scooter race  here s what happened next 
chairman  rep_stevewomack during today s hearing with  uscbo   receipt of the baseline each year means that the pro…
great to sit down with  usglc at  foxvalleytech discussing the importance of american leadership abroad and its ben…
rt  repjasonlewis  good to get an infrastructure update from  secelainechao at  transport today  looking forward to working with  repbills…
rt  natresources  retweet to thank the men & women who risk their lives protecting our communities & fighting the growing wildfire crisis …
liberians react to decision ending immigration protections
great news  tax reform is working and our economic recovery continues  average earnings are up 2 7% over the past y…
introduced  benshapiro at an impromptu pizza lunch on the hill when his event at georgetown was cancelled by  snowf…
the us stands as the shining city upon a hill  we are the beacon of hope that  all men are created equal  
rt  repbilljohnson  co-sponsored bipartisan legislation designed to improve prescription access for medicare beneficiaries w/  repdavid  re…
i introduced an amendment to the farm bill that would protect children receiving assistance through the supplementa…
rt  usdol  job creators added 313 000 new jobs in february  jobs report
it was great to meet with staff and board members of withlachoochee river electric cooperative  wrec  this week  w…
i appreciate the very productive conversation at dick s restaurant in mexico w/ several local oxford county communi…
rt  kandacereddtv   wfmy is at  gso_police headquarters  where  repmarkwalker is scheduled to meet with deputy chief joel cranford  after t…
rt  houseadmngop  today  a bipartisan group of members introduced the caa reform act  our bill helps ensure a better congressional workplac…
rt  gopleader  they want washington insiders and bureaucrats to keep more of your hard-earned income  they think it s theirs to spend  we t…
rt  housescience  at 7 a m  on april 12  1981  the engines of the space shuttle columbia rumbled to life and launched john young and robert…
condolences to family of sewickley native chuck knox on his passing 
justice john paul stevens has called for repealing the second amendment  this sounds like something the torys would…
rt  repkinzinger  seems like this could have been written by kim yo jong herself  she s the minister of the propaganda & agitation dept for…
have you been impacted by the tax cutsand jobs act  starting in february  your paycheck may have seen a boost thanks…
on monday i visited an international mail facility where  us_fda &  cbp have teamed up to protect americans from il…
while 535 members each have own legislative priorities & would want additional non-related items included  simply n…
chatted with  fox9 about some bipartisan gun violence legislation i m working on 
thanks to the tax cuts and jobs act  paychecks are growing  businesses are reinvesting in our communities  america …
tune into my chat with  frates this weekend on  sxpotus  here s a small clip to get you started …
happening soon --&gt   repkenbuck will be managing the rule on the  housefloor for h r 2201 the micro offering safe harbor act  watch on  cspan
vice president pence just broke the tie in the senate to proceed with a motion to debate on the healthcare bill  a great day in the senate 
 ajj1563 these are just a few of the times our team has been in fort pierce from the last two weeks  we re also ha…
happy mother s day to each and every mom in upstate new york  my wife mary fran is the rock of our family and an ex…
crop insurance is working  take it from farmers & ranchers who use what has become the cornerstone of the american…
it was great welcoming abilash prabhakaran & isani singh  students at  ccsdk12  to  dc  today  both abilash and isan…
congratulations to conway s tommy parnell for his 20 years of hard work with the yahnis company  this award is well…
rt  joeperticone  here s montana rep  ryan zinke on gen  james mattis  zinke was jsoc commander in iraq when mattis was leading 1st marines…
rt  demarest_colin  u s  rep  joe wilson weighs in on opportunity zones  an aiken tract was named to the shortlist earlier this month  htt…
earlier today  i had the pleasure of speaking with students at red jacket high school where we discussed current ev…
great new efforts coming from  usagsessions to combat the opioid epidemic by placing blame at the sources  it s tim…
rt  demarest_colin  south carolina s u s  rep  jeff duncan   repjeffduncan  now questioning u s  secretary of energy rick perry   secretary…
awesome to see asheville hosting the american  fedcup team as they begin their title defense this weekend  best of…
rt  bgoulet726  great day meeting with  repguthrie discussing oa and vets advocate for arthritis
rt  drlucyjones  great news for quake early warning  congress  not the white house  appropriates funding and the new spending bill more tha…
rt  foxnews    rephensarling   [ potus] is going to do everything he can under the law to minimize the pain of this that was caused by the…
tax reform is for the working families in north texas that are ready for increased wages from a booming economy  ➡…
rt  senategop   charleston-based blackbaud giving most employees  2 000 in stock  citing federal tax cuts  via  postandcourier
huge shoutout to my former chief of staff brian steed  the new acting director of the blm  he s going to do such a…
the students are in washington today introducing their bill on the floor of the house of representatives 
rt  housegop  thanks to the tax cutsand jobs act  the everyday family of 4 is set to get back  2 059 more  this money is set to make a real d…
martin luther king changed our country and the world for the better  i was particularly moved by dr  king s work wh…
great speech tonight from potus echoing our victories this year and reaffirming his commitment to making our nation…
about to join  shannonbream  tune in 
just like mo lt  gov   mikeparson  we all are seeing first-hand the benefits of taxreform  companies are giving bo…
watch live at 2 pm  labor-hhs-education subcommittee hearing - pipeline to the workforce 
ca-39 was home to the largest congressional app challenge in the nation last year  i was proud to welcome our 1st p…
 ermizmo1 i m very sorry to hear of ed s passing  fighting for blue water navy veterans continues to be a priority…
great discussion this morning with dreamers on how we can get legislation passed 
i had the honor and privilege to attend the foxtrot company 701st military police battalion graduation at…
chairing an  edworkforce subcommittee hearing this morning on bipartisan proposals to enhance retirement security …
welcome back   stevescalise  we are very grateful for your recovery and your return 
thank you to the incredible  ga09  veterans who have come out to the veterans benefits fair in dahlonega today  prou…
rt  housegop  there are countless ways that the tax cutsand jobs act will be better than our old and outdated tax code  here are our top 5   …
citing tax cuts and jobs act exxonmobil expands projects  great news for american energy dominance  our great state  a…
rt  bcbsnc  hbcu s play an important role in the future of health care  we are proud to be the first nc company to take  hbcu  partnership c…
icymi   oann had me on recently to talk about trade 
the american energy renaissance act will empower the private sector to create good-paying jobs and spur economic growth  tcot
  google treats all their employees like the valued  mature  and trustworthy people they are  trust g o p future
pleased to have  angelasedlacek  my outreach representative  &  ekhazekamp  my outreach director  attend state of t…
the house is about to take up my bill - hr 921  recordofsuccess
today s announcement by my friend  jeffflake is sad news for the people of arizona  the senate and the entire unit…
rt  waysandmeansgop  this afternoon the w&m health subcommittee held a productive roundtable led by  peterroskam  members had a discussion…
we have lost a true journalist-wtvd s larry stogner was fair  thorough and devoted to his craft  sending prayers 
this morning  32 individuals from 12 countries took the oath of citizenship at the u s  district court in hot sprin…
with the privilege of representing the same district abraham lincoln did during his only term in congress  it is al…
with taxreform we are getting our people back in the game again  empowering them with hope  skills  and opportunit…
 this baby already has a heartbeat   a heartbeat guarantees a live baby  time to pass hr 490  the heartbeat protect…
yesterday  during my farmingfor jobs tour i stopped by baraga at the ma hog farm  tv 6 tagged along
i am always proud to share with my colleagues the great work the technical college system of georgia is doing to he…
tune in  going live on  wrnn995 at 8 30 
because of tax reform  90% of workers will see more money in their paychecks  at our tax talk earlier this week  ka…
we kicked off our seniors listening tour this morning at indianwood in indiantown  because of high demand  we re ex…
happening now  chairman  congculberson leads a hearing on the fy19 budget for  noaa  watch live ➡️…
i would rather have somebody in california accuse me of a low blow than being in california obstructing justice  wh…
house committee approves posey s bipartisan plan to increase estuary funding for critical needs
rt  conghuelskamp  i ve been elected to the powerful steering committee  victory for house conservatives   tcot   speakerryan
rt  davita  thank you   repscottperry for visiting davita paxton dialysis today in harrisburg  pa to discuss the needs of dialysis patients…
rt  houseappropsgop  the state  foreign operations subcommittee has approved its fy18 appropriations bill on a voice vote 
good news on tax reform   governortomwolf proposed to  ustreasury  western pa communities for opportunity zones to…
last friday s coshocton port authority luncheon was a great opportunity to talk about tax cuts and reg reform  i al…
illinois veterans should never be the collateral damage of the va s bungled reimbursements for care  my bill  the p…
just passed  the born-alive abortion survivors protection act  my statement 
great to meet the keller family from fort wayne during their trip to washington with  zerotothree to discuss issues…
 tomjenneyafp  dental therapists are not equivalent to physician assistants  drilling and tooth extraction is surg…
music modernization act coming to the congress for a vote tomorrow 
rt  chscards  congresswoman vicky hartzler brought guest speakers to our school today to help spread the message of a drug free missouri  p…
honored to be a part of holcim s ribbon-cutting ceremony last week to celebrate the modernization of their ada ceme…
thank you  torybruno and the  ulalaunch for meeting today to discuss  nasa  reauthorization and the atlas v and…
i introduced legislation yesterday to remove barriers to abuse deterrent opioids  abuse deterrent formulations  adf…
senate dems to need to stop playing political games and start governing 
rt  billtoomey8  we enjoyed meeting with  reppoliquin as part of t p lonthe hill  talked lwcf  community forests and parks for people in main…
this debt junkie s spending bill is a short term binge that will be followed by a long term hangover 
94% of republicans in congress voted to keep govt open  95% of democrats in congress voted to shut it down  let s b…
rt  waysandmeansgop  today  subcmte chairman  peterroskam announced a health hearing on may 8th to examine ways to improve the medicare adv…
of many things  we appropriated more funding for veterans  care and housing and for our capitol police officers  as…
agree with  floridakeysnms that we can all help keys recovery efforts to clean our 🌊  proud my staff has been on th…
rt  anacabrera   this memo isn t about the special investigation or trump but about one incident of hillary clinton s campaign materials be…
thanks  mncounties for having me this morning and for all you do for our great state 
the next generation of cures to combat illnesses that plague hoosiers depends on investment in cutting edge  scient…
rt  nwsbirmingham  the primary threat for severe weather remains late this evening into the overnight hours  here is our updated timing gra…
had a great time at the usi martin luther king jr  day luncheon  pictured with evansville mayor lloyd winnecke  gue…
calling all  ca50  high school students  my office is now accepting submissions for the 2018…
rt  krvn  smith amends faa reauthorization to strengthen commercial air service in rural areas
national park week is officially underway  so be sure to celebrate by visiting one of colorado s incredible national…
serving as speaker has been one of my life s great honors  i m proud of all we ve done & am ready for new prioritie…
thank you to the members of the public service commission for working with  alabamapower to ensure lower power bill…
we re proud of you  vashti  excited to watch your career grow   i had many people telling me that i wouldn t be ab…
rt  jdsalant  senate clears bill to let gold star families tell their stories
rt  repseanduffy  from our family to yours - happy easter 
rt  sydneyfreedberg  package deal  navy could save 5-10% buying two carriers ford-class  cvn79   cvn80 
rt  amchemmatters  thank you  repralphnorman for visiting  solvaygroup in rock hill  sc today  it was a great day discussing taxes  trade…
thanks to the good folks from  herrimancity for visiting my dc office this week  utpol
unemployment is just 3 9% and there are 6 6 million open u s  jobs right now – let s bridge the gap for  snap  recip…
rt  thehillevents  tune in to our livestream tomorrow at 8 45 am for latinos in college  closing the graduation gap  featuring  senbennetco…
rt  presssec    sbalinda is doing big things for small business  she is working with  potus to ensure small businesses can compete and thri…
rt  repstephmurphy  breaking  my bill to repeal the dickey amendment & allow the federal government to research gun violence continues to p…
families in texas & across america demand balanced budget and taxreform   housebudgetgop has a plan  my statement…
don t forget to check your checks see how much more you re earning thanks to tax cutsand jobs act 
the fy18 omnibus reflects the priorities of all americans  taking into account months of hard work and input from…
rt  ndss  ndss is rocking our  johnscrazysocks today and will be wearing our 🧦 tomorrow to support john cronin during his testimony in fron…
rt  housecommerce  thanks to efforts led by e&c to modernize the nation s energy infrastructure  the u s  became a net exporter of natural…
it may be cold  but our hearts are warm   lisleparks easter egg hunt
our telephone town hall is starting now  but it s not too late to tune in  dial 877-229-8493 and use passcode  11143…
thank you for a great visit  keep up the good work 
the front page of the jerusalem post says it all  promises made  promises kept  u s embassy jerusalem
i voted in favor of h r  1917 to support our rural towns and small businesses in mississippi  read my press release…
rt  robertharding    repjohnkatko invites cny students to enter congressional art competition  ny24 
rt  libnofcongress  i can stay here all day  maybe all weekend  touring the wonderful  mazzamuseum on the campus of  ufindlay  the museum h…
world war ii  usnavy vet  james adams of oakdale recently shared his story as part of the veterans history project w…
rt  necanet  watch bob dagostino of neca member contractor  des_electronic testify before  housesmallbiz on american infrastructure and th…
  diamondandsilk are testifying now before me & the house judiciary committee on internet censorship  millions of c…
congratulations to bella brandstatter of  ohschools - the grand prize winner of this year s…
hoosiers know what it means to lend a helping hand & to genuinely be concerned for neighbors  we stand ready to hel…
good news  the  epa is finally recognizing the importance of biomass to energy production in rural parts of the cou…
today the house passed a budget that allows congress to pursue tax cuts for millions of americans  my statement 
i m so proud of  tevinwooten  he represents camden  ar4  and the state of arkansas well  congratulations on your n…
it was helpful to see how the historic tax credit is helping community landmarks like the fox theater in centralia …
  toyota and  mazdausa made a tremendous decision in choosing alabama for their new  cutting-edge manufacturing pla…
rt  houseappropsgop  breaking  government-wide funding legislation released
thank you to all of the amazing teachers across  va01  for the way you love  support  encourage  and inspire our chi…
rt  dccacademicteam  politics aside  it s very cool that  repdavetrott and staff take the time to recognize our teams  efforts  thanks  con…
to help veterans  the omnibus we passed earlier this year provides  386m to the va for opioid abuse treatment and…
rt  whitehouse  small businesses are responsible for a significant portion of u s  economic activity and are vital asset to the economy  mo…
today marks the start of hurricane preparedness week  learn how you and your family can get prepared for hurricane…
rt  abcnews4  sanford   require the president to get congressional approval before using force in syria  chsnews
breaking  the congressional cuba working group statement on leadership transition in cuba 
rt  speakerryan  after a three-day shutdown  this government funding bill is heading to the  whitehouse 
rt  westerncaucus  read statements by chairman  repgosar   housescience  lamarsmithtx21   houseappropsgop subcommittee on interior chairman…
the house passed a spending bill that keeps spending at current levels  funds chip  and delays a few harmful obamac…
icymi  check out my oped 
 this is an historic opportunity to reject the status quo & provide real tax relief to the families  individuals an…
thankful for  baylortrucking for releasing their new truck dedicated to  angelman  my wife kathy was honored to joi…
i reached out to kenya to show my support for her & her family  & she shared with me that she moved to burlington c…
starbucks is investing over  250 million in their employees now that the tax cutsand jobs act is law  ➡ raises for 1…
today  we highlight the importance of stem fields and education  national s t e m day
there s one week left to apply for an internship in my washington  d c   sioux falls  rapid city  or watertown offi…
  dadstweeter  fatherlessness root cause of  100 billion a year to the taxpayer  police week l e task force
a job is what gives us a purpose  it affirms our dignity and provides the foundation needed to build a better life 
rt  cityofcrowley   repjoebarton is currently speaking at the crowley recreation center  he ll be here until 1 p m 
my family extends our prayers to the victims of this senseless act in manchester  the u s  stands absolute with the u k 
rt  gopleader  it s time to give the bloated federal budget a much-needed spring cleaning  together w/  potus we re making government more…
time for our weekly check-in on  talk1073 
rt  aashtospeaks  today in asian american pacific islander transportation history – may 11  hazel ying lee
today  there have been reports that president trump could be moving to have the u s  reenter the tpp foreign trade deal mepolitics
very promising development today in korea  confirms what secretary mattis has stated before  a combat-credible mili…
rt  jessicaasmith8    susanwbrooks is introducing the bipartisan  jake laird act   she wants more states to allow law enforcement to seize…
 1/2  i support the president s decision to work with border state governors to deploy troops to the mexican border…
they provide an integrated and innovative environment in their services  all devoted to their mission to maximizing…
if anyone s to blame for undermining us credibility abroad via iran deal it s obama  there was bipartisan oppositio…
w/ a national decline in hunting & recreational fishing  pr funds are shrinking & our state/local habitats are suff…
here s what the experts are saying on the mission zero act - the  amcollsurgeons  https //t co/xucnp1oa1t  and the…
rt  housegop  divisive rhetoric is harmful and undervalues the major benefits everyday american families are seeing because of the tax cuts…
matthew was a respected employee at the  uscapitol  we honor his memory and send his family our deepest sympathies
tonight  president trump outlined the successes of the last year and a vision for the future  i look forward to con…
48 states  including michigan  seeing lower utility bills following tax reform
thank you to the alabama members of the national association of secondary school principals for braving the snow in…
rt  hoosier_iipac  sorry this is late  this week we are featuring rep_trey for our mo c monday  trey hollingsworth…
rep  coffman participating in a panel meeting discussing the tax cutsand jobs act and the positive effects on  co06  f…
early this morning  i voted is support of legislation that will finally provide our military and the american peopl…
sad news with the passing of justice scalia  a true conservative and defender of the constitution
at all of my public small business roundtables and main street stops  i heard about the need for tax relief  that s…
thank you for having me
i had a great time attending the 51st annual claxton rattlesnake & wildlife festival this weekend  it was great to…
as i head home to  pa03  for the weekend  i think about all the households throughout western  pa  who balance their…
congressman chris collins announces 2018 congressional art competition -
 1/2  do you live in chowan  perquimans  pasquotank  camden  or currituck county  do you need assistance  or would…
rt  transport  be sure to tune in to today s coast guard hearing w/  rep_hunter on the  examination of reports on the el faro marine casual…
you would think  armageddon  would be easy to message against
rt  ivankatrump  congratulations  senrobportman  senblumenthal  repannwagner &  repmimiwalters on the passing of the bipartisan  fosta- ses… 
with strong bipartisan support  the house just passed the stop school violence act which gives law enforcement and…
joined  ashburnrotary for their meeting and gave them a legislative update on the budget and appropriations  tax cu…
on floor to celebrate worlddownsyndromeday to celebrate the achievements of those living with down syndrome making…
we lost a true american & local hero w/passing of  wwii  fighter ace lt  cdr  billy watts of baytown  privileged to…
please join me in thanking all vietnam war veterans for their service to our country  not only today on vietnam war…
today i met with members of alabama rural electric to discuss a number of issues they re facing  including access t…
indiana-based  antheminc is the latest company to announce new employee benefits because of tax reform  hardworking…
horrible tragedy in las vegas  prayers for victims and families  police and fbi will fully investigate 
it is time to completely overhaul the tax code  here s why 
rt  speakerboehner  pleased  candicemiller will continue as  houseadmngop chair she s saved taxpayers money & made g…
heartbreaking news in texas  my thoughts and prayers are with sutherland springs 
enjoyed talking with government students at riverheads high school in augusta county this morning   va06 
thanks for stopping by 
today  i was honored to meet with my good friends from hillsborough community college  they do a wonderful job pre…
three presidents before him pledged to  but  realdonaldtrump delivered  i m proud today to recognize israel s 70th…
the  usdol  s hire vets medallion program demonstration begins today  i am eager to see the hire vets program shine…
today and everyday  i am thankful for our brave firefighters and all they do to protect our communities …
me satisface enormemente que la administración de trump haya anunciado nuevas y duras sanciones contra otros tres n…
always great to meet with the nevada cattlemen s association  thanks for stopping by   beltwaybeef
fighting the opioid epidemic starts at a local level  and it s up to us to raise awareness and cut the supply of pr…
i join my colleagues in having my salary withheld for the duration of the schumer shutdown as senate dems continue…
stopped by the watnong vfw post 3401 annual clambake 
rt  repfredupton  potus just mentioned breakthrough medical advances  we re off to a good start with the 21st century cures act but we must…
let s put more money back in the american people s pockets so they can spend it how they want 
one hurdle cleared  proud to announce we have been successful in thwarting another attempt to significantly cut gre…
rt  femaregion6  tx  do you live in aransas  brazoria  galveston  harris  or jefferson counties & have questions about repairing or reducin…
we want to get you involved in the congressional art competition  the people s choice award gives constituents a voi…
more good news thanks to the tax cutsand jobs act  mcdonald s commits  150 million in education benefits for employee…
i want to hear from you  join me on a telephone town hall meeting next thursday  march 6th at 6 00 p m  pst  sign…
taxreform is already delivering  greater investment  higher wages and bonuses  and more robust employee benefits …
rt  housescience  today we honor the brave men and women aboard challenger who sacrificed their lives in the name of space exploration 32…
visit to zemba bros  in zanesville this morning  started in 1987 w/ a push mower  positive attitude  company has be…
just announced  a legislative hearing  a markup and an oversight hearing on the schedule for next week  details 
mrs  bush is a woman of great faith and strength who served our nation honorably as first lady  through this most d…
trade means prosperity  more markets for american products means more jobs and higher wages for american workers  tpa 
funding our military is an urgent responsibility  we must ensure our service men and women have the resources they…
happy 92nd birthday to a truly great american   georgehwbush
did you know 98% of farms in south dakota are owned and operated by families  ag week
the fact that we call the mississippi river bridge that was built before i was born as  new  is the best indicator…
my prayers are with the entire bush family  mrs  bush is a strong  courageous  and inspiring public servant 
rt  presssec    potus speaks  whitehouse after historic tax cut and jobs act passes allowing americans to keep more of their money  taxcut…
today  we recognize world down syndrome day and celebrate all americans with unique abilities  my office participates…
 hi_its_kari  indivisibleca48 that is for sure and we are all going to bed now after seeing rocky together before leaving philadelphia
in west hickory forest county tonight attending the a m vets post 113 annual st pattys day fundraiser dinner/dance
rt  speakerryan  as a navy seal   repryanzinke has spent his entire career serving this country  i m glad to see that service continue as h…
numbers 31 49 and they said to moses   your servants have taken a census of men of war who are in our charge  and no man of us is missing  
spent some time with a fellow georgian today  usda   celebrating our farmers and national ag day  we are so proud of…
accountability needed for irs abuse  politics
i hope we not only remember how dr  king died  but how he lived  he understood there are some causes so valuable th…
my condolences go out to the family and loved ones of jennifer riordan who was tragically killed today  her leaders…
the establishment of our embassy in jerusalem fulfills long-standing us policy as enacted by the jerusalem embassy…
private and public ship repair are integral to the health of virginia s economy  great to see this investment as no…
our communities are safest when america is strongest  last week we passed new legislation to strengthen school secu…
i would like to join  potus in recognizing the nationaldayofprayer and the impact faith-based organizations have i…
incredible news  scalise strong
it s always a great day when there are oklahomans in town  great to visit with the  tulsachamber today during their…
i couldn t be prouder of cameron & chase for their acceptance to u s  military academies  i look forward to their s…
baltimore city has lost a true hero  thank you governor  larryhogan for supporting maryland s law enforcement and f…
 alexsmathews we don t want radicals driven by theology & fanaticism 2 enter our country  procedures & tests should be used to keep them out
north country small businesses are the engine of our  ny21  economy and are critical to our region s success  during…
remember when a few years ago republicans promised they d break from nancy pelosi s idea of voting on a bill so tha…
finally a fighter for the american people in the  whitehouse  america is tough  keep fighting   maga 
rt  housegop  passed → relief funds are heading your way  texas  hurricane harvey
rt  kbtxnews  the daily pledge for monday  may 14th comes from mrs  krause s class at alton elementary 
rt  cnbcnow  just in  waste management says it will distribute a  2 000 bonus to every north american employee not on a bonus or sales ince…
our american style of democracy is the envy of the world and must be protected from foreign attack in all its forms…
rt  housecommerce  house passes bill sponsored by  repguthrie expanding access to resources  treatments for babies w/ hearing loss &gt &gt 
pleasure to join  zerotothree think babies rally supporting the important cause of early childhood development  we…
across  il16  and around the country  american small businesses are critically important to our economy & our commun…
speaking with  khqa about north korea  net neutrality  and more for this week s connect to congress segment 
happy hanukkah  & blessings to all who are celebrating the festival of lights 
rt  stevescalise    reptommarino is leading the house s effort to stop big regulations - the ones that cost our economy over  1 billion eac…
rt  foxnews    jim_jordan on tax reform  let s put together a tax code that is conducive to growth  that actually cuts taxes   outnumberedo…
so proud of our  tompkinshs  tompkinshoops for making their first run in the tx6a hoops tournament  watch my speech…
merry christmas and happy holidays from the tiberi family  it has been a profound honor to serve you in congress  a…
in aug 2010 chairman joint chiefs warned greatest threat to natl security was natl debt  that was  4 trillion ago 
this is a huge win for small businesses and middle income-families across illinois 
more here   documents show  concerning level of coordination  between fbi  doj in clinton email probe 
rt  karilynntravis  once we rescue victims of human trafficking  then what  that s a question  reprichhudson and  reptedbudd are taking bac…
rt  alderdice  congrats to  asmsa  seniors kenzie and kristie glass on their success in the  congressionalac  thanks to  repwesterman and ot…
bipartisan  bicameral legislation introduced to protect insurance policy holders from being forced to bailout financial firms
proud to support bipartisan legislation to save our local businesses – time to put an end to confusing overregulati…
rt  americanewsroom  listen   repedroyce told  billhemmer he thinks it s very important to keep the pressure up on north korea even during…
this would be the first tax overhaul in 31 years  it s time to make the tax code simpler and fairer for all america…
join my conversation with  senatortimscott and  tgowdysc  stewart security summit
we appreciate the sacrifices our servicemen and women make every day for the security of our nation  great to see f…
as a proud texan i would like to wish everyone in  tx32  and across the lone star state a happy texas independence d…
rt  libertycliff  i had a blast tonight speaking with congressman  justinamash about privacy and  yaliberty s restore the 4th project  he i…
houses of worship should always be held sacred  my heart is w/tx28 and our fellow texans touched by today s attack 
 now is the time to keep the pedal down on the american economy  not to slam on the brakes   read my latest on…
rt  da18th  all of the experts at small business week resource fair here to offer advice  assistance  aurorasmsbdc  repmikecoffman  drbeckyt…
when our heroes returned to the u s  following the vietnam war  these brave men & women in uniform were tragically…
burdening soldiers for a mistake made through no fault of their own is disgraceful/deserves attention of congress 
he is risen  happy easter from our family to yours 
rt  higherednotdebt  today  congboyle and  repryancostello launch the  public service loan forgiveness caucus  
rt  repbost  the farm bill works to help rural communities like ours that have suffered alongside farmers and ranchers in the current agric…
the olympics are a time to celebrate  but it s also a reminder that young men and women in amateur athletics are n…
rt  housevetaffairs  chairman  drphilroe  ranking member  reptimwalz announce first-ever hvac member day  details 
at 5 pm the committee will consider h j res 111  a cra to roll back a new cfpb rule & the make america secure appropriations act 
rt  repmikerogersal  get this--we don t actually know how long  snap  recipients are on the program  we believe these benefits are temporary…
on this gold star mother s and family s day  we remember  may their memories be eternal 
i had the pleasure of discussing the issue of workfocedevelopment with labor  secretaryacosta during his annual he…
today is peace officers memorial day  a day for us to remember and honor the men and women of law enforcement who hav…
if he believes being asked to do his job is  extortion   then rod rosenstein should step aside and allow us to find…
wishing all those celebrating across pennsylvania a happy passover and a blessed good friday  may your day be fille…
rt  ocregister  shohei ohtani chooses  angels over six other  mlb teams
one of my favorite parts of my job is meeting with our future leaders  this afternoon i met with students from…
trump   protect americans because americans are dreamers  too   did the d s stand  course not  sad  huh  it is time…
thank you  usda  secretary purdue for approving resources to deal with the spotted lantern fly invasive threatening grapes  fruit & hardwoods
rt  westerncaucus  great tour of  resolutioncu s superior mine today  our members and staff really appreciated the hospitality  this projec…
it was an honor to visit with missouri midshipmen at the naval academy  these outstanding young men and women are t…
 otd  in 1836  the alamo finally fell after two failed attempts by mexican troops  though many texans lost their li…
in today s  sfchronicle  full cmte chairman  repgregwalden extends an open invitation to silicon valley ceos to tes…
rt  tegacaypd  chief parker was thankful to receive recognition from  repralphnorman delivered by mayor  davidloneal for national police we…
rt  americanewsroom  listen   sandrasmithfox  darrellissa on the doj turning over more  fast & furious  documents
the house oversight committee just unanimously passed the naming of the amelia earhart post office in atchison  ks …
rt  loudobbs  end witch hunt- rep  toddrokita  mueller s witch hunt needs to end  the special counsel needs to put up or shut up  they have…
met with students from oak hill elementary school today to talk about student leadership and the role of government…
 my home is in heaven  i m just traveling through this world   rev  billy graham rev  graham was called home toda…
rt  chpcnews  thank you  repdavidvaladao for your leadership in supporting affordable housing with a 12 5% increase in the housing credit f…
a tornado warning has been issued for the fort smith and van buren area  please take shelter and stay safe   ar3 
 donutcrazy11 great  see you there
websites like backpage promote modern day slavery by giving child sex traffickers a safe haven to work  that s why…
great news for our economy and american workers 
happy national puppy day   il16   while we ll always miss our furry friend gen  patton  we re happy to welcome the ne…
rt  cvpayne  breaking news adp jobs report blows away consensus 241 000 jobs 65 000 goods producing -5 000 mining -31 000 construction -29…
great meeting with our local bankers in williamsport to discuss helping our small businesses succeed pa10
rt  jet24fox66 
reminder  tx22  high school juniors and seniors  if you are interested in government & want to learn about the legis…
rt  housecommerce  live now  sub environment hears from  epascottpruitt regarding the fy2019  epa budget &gt &gt 
the  irs  was plagued by scandal during the obama administration & faced serious mismanagement problems  the legisla…
proud to lead the bipartisan effort to make sure first responders  teachers  and other public service employees rec…
great meeting with officials in ritchie county this afternoon to discuss efforts to spur economic development aroun…
passed  the tax cuts & jobs act  my statement on this historic legislation→
spoke with jack mitchell this morning on the recent spending bill and the importance of recovering america s wildli…
rt  johnboozman    repwesterman & i really appreciate local media in arkansas coming out to cover various stops on the talk small yall smal…
congress must pass my bill to help citrus farmers now  in last 10 yrs  fl citrus has seen 31k jobs lost  62% prod…
rt  sbagov mark your calendar  small business saturday is november 25 → shop small
dyk  - ratepayers across the country have already paid more than  40 billion for the permanent disposal of spent nu…
diseases like alzheimer s  parkinson s and others impact millions of americans  as brain week winds down  a campaig…
weekly newsletter 
just left a meeting with members of the  score4schools team  it is so important that we implement education reform…
rt  cnsnews  39 1%  cbo says u s  has highest top statutory corporate tax rate in g20
rt  cathymcmorris  i was the first person in my family to graduate from college  that dream was made possible when i started saving from my…
sec  kerry s speech coupled w/ un vote exemplifies the ongoing contempt this administration has towards our ally 
rt  repmikecoffman  are you a veteran living in  co06   if so  you can now apply for your new id card from the  deptvetaffairs to help show…
welcoming a new director to  uspto and looking forward to working with mr  iancu on intellectual property issues 
andrew  patrick & fellow south jersey nominees to us academies this year are outstanding  talented & dedicated grou…
rt  cableguy85  leveraging federal funds to help build out broadband to rural and unserved areas works best when government and private pa…
rt  vp  great seeing  repandybarr in kentucky  he has been fighting every day for kentucky s farmers  manufacturers  and working families …
enjoyed my visit today with these folks from  al03  who came for coffee and donuts at today s…
there isn t an empty seat in the house to honor the life of officer david sherrard  while i m unable to be there  m…
happening now   hascrepublicans hearing on  space warfighting readiness  policies  authorities  and capabilities  …
team hice is still accepting applications for our 2018 summer session internship program  come join my staff as you…
 grand rapids has received 66 5  of snow so far this winter  that is nine inches above average and 12 inches more t…
great to meet with the new president of  mdandersonnews  dr  peter pisters  as founder of the childhood cancer cauc…
it was great to see everyone with the  salinechambermi last night for their 2018 saline salutes awards to recognize…
rt  repmialove  icymi  passage of the senate bill is just the start to reforming dodd-frank  utpol  financialcmte read  wsj editorial …
scotus to hear its final case of the session - the trump travel ban
c h o i c eact ensures that local businesses in north texas can access capital they need to hire more texans and grow…
 potus has approved our delegation s request to declare the flooding in west virginia a major disaster  this will b…
i m always proud to be engaged in these issues to ensure that the people in al-02 are aware of the progress that ha…
today is the day  the house will vote on the tax cuts and jobs act to bring 80 000 jobs to texas  raise texans after-…
adding broad tariffs would undermine progress on tax cuts and regulatory reform  glad to see the administration has…
what will taxreform mean for you  more jobs  bigger paychecks & fairer taxes 
rt  acufoundation  in 2017  congressman  robwittman earned a a c u frating of 89% earning him our conservative achievement award  thank you f…
the  mocattle association visited my office in washington this afternoon to discuss how they re helping meet the ne…
i got a look at the cobalt mine in madison county this week to see how the new owners are working to remediate it f…
abuse and violence does not discriminate between those in rural and urban settings  and it s important that victims…
i m sending sympathy and prayers to the bush family tonight  barbara bush was a great first lady and a loving  devo…
rt  westerncaucus  tune in to this week s weekly address  delivered by the esteemed  repkevincramer  representative-at-large for north dako…
rt  ilfarmbureau  yep  that s  rodneydavis planting soybeans in macon county   il13  plant18
small biz optimism has reached record level  the nfib announced that small business optimism is at the second-highe…
read my statement on  daca  here 
 dennisjedwards i voted against it 
proud of the award winning pearl high school band for representing mississippi in the cherry blossom parade this mo…
rt  iowabio  this video shows the power of connecting with your congressional representatives   iowabio team had just met with  repdavidyou…
thanks for stopping by the office  fighting the opioid epidemic requires us all to work together  from law enforcem…
more than 80% of americans support requiring work-capable adults to participate in a job or training program at lea…
this week is national public schools week  as a graduate of public school in pearl  ms  i understand the value and…
i am proud to join the bipartisan effort to make sure justice is done for holocaust survivors and the families of h…
no basis in fact mueller work threatened  just partisan speculation & anonymous  sources  in media reports  i don t…
the drive-safe act addresses the driver shortage and increases job opportunities for hoosiers →…
rt  housegop    usrepgarypalmer  millions of americans across the country are now reaping the benefits of tax reform in the form of higher…
rt  hascrepublicans  unfortunately we ve cut defense spending about 20% in the obama years     mactxpress
mainstream media wants political correctness & d c  parlor games a factor in selecting leader of un refugee program…
rt  arforestrycomm   when wildfires happen  you don t get to pick the day     you re running for your life  & losing thousands of acres of…
 otd  in 1844 samuel morse sent 1st telegraph from the u s  capitol  forever changing long-distance communication
merry christmas  maryland 🎄
  jerrybrowngov  no amount of political theater can hide the enormous flaws that plague  cahsr   it s time to scrap…
dont bankrupt america amer­ica is still the world s largest economy     but  it s im­por­tant to re­mem­ber that wh…
need help with a federal agency  today  our  va05  team is holding mobile office hours in appomattox  bedford …
my  fy19ndaa  amendment requiring the  deptofdefense to construct a plan to address military installations in rural…
i was honored to offer a few words of congratulations to cub scout pack 595 from berks county on their 75th anniver…
rt  rephartzler  in hasc hearing from sec of  usarmy   usnavy  and  usairforce on their plans to spend precious defense dollars wisely  i f…
here is information on my overthe counter bill in the house  pro life utpol
rt  housecommerce  live now  sub health convenes third in a series of opioid crisis legislative hearings titled  combating the opioid crisi…
rt  ivankatrump  happy birthday to  flotus  an incredible wife  mother and first lady 
rt  repmarkwalker  tune in tonight at 10pm as  repjeffduncan   usrepgarypalmer   repmarshall   repjackbergman   repbilljohnson and i join  …
 joenbc - 298 house members agree  working to commemorate upcoming 50th anniversary of apollo moon landing - hr 2726 apollo11
when visiting la  don t miss the cajun bayou  feed your soul with the new cajun bayou food trail  these are tastes y…
enjoyed a productive lunch in port  st  joe with gulf county business owners and local leaders yesterday  they are…
rt  repmccaul  tune in  i will be on  americanewsroom at about 9 10am et to discuss today s  househomeland bostonto austin hearing and rus…
excited to see lafayette solar farm celebrate their grand opening this week   al03  chambers co
yesterday afternoon jesus  chuy  cordova was tragically shot and killed while trying to apprehend a carjacking susp…
rt  cleminshaw91  shoutout to bridget from  repdavetrott  s office for meeting with us for another year  your listening ear and compassion…
terrorist attack on orlando should bring into sharp focus threat our nation faces from islamic terrorism redstate
rt  edworkforce    virginiafoxx and  repwalberg   we applaud  potus for his nomination of john ring to serve as a member of the nlrb   more…
rt  speakerryan  jacksonville  fl has a great team focused on hurricane irma recovery  we ll work together to ensure resources are in place…
4 million workers and counting have received more than  4 billion in bonuses since the tax cuts and jobs act was si…
my bill to stop human trafficking is up for a vote today thanks  speakerryan  gopleader &  cathymcmorris for your s…
in fact  the only way this information poses a  risk to the american people is if it is not released publicly  release the memo
today we celebrate bill of rights day   otd  in 1791 the first ten amendments to our constitution were ratified 
thank you to everyone who came out today to my westhampton beach mobile office hours  missed mobile office hours  c…
  nytimes got it all wrong
heading to d c  for news conference with jon stewart to protect 9/11 healthcare  must be done  joined by  repmaloney &  repjerrynadler 
i joined 106 of my colleagues today in sending a letter to the president reinforcing the need to take action agains…
rt  whitehouse  watch live as president trump delivers remarks on tax cuts for american workers 
i was pleased that the president last night reported new jobs & rising wages & emphasized support for paid family l…
danger  trillion dollar deficits ahead 
i m encouraged progress is being made in montreal  there s bipartisan interest in sustaining  nafta  while also mod…
it was an honor to have my friend & colleague  repdianeblack join me on the latest episode of cole on congress  she…
rt  clarkstatepres  emphasis on using pell for short-term programs such as certificates and upskilling  comm_college  execdirncwe workforc…
rt  caearhiv  ryan white program advocacy in action with rep  tomcoleok04 chair labor  health and human services appropriations subcommitte…
in 1954  scotus unanimously ruled that segregated schools violated the equal protection clause of the 14th amendmen…
i support research to find treatments and a cure for those with  als   a l s advocacy a l s fly in2018
rt  whitehouse  merit-based immigration reform will benefit american workers and relieve the strain imposed by our current system on federa…
tune in at 10am et as i chair  housescience space subcommittee hearing on the development of nasa s…
disappointed to see my dem colleagues on  houseagnews playing politics with farm & food policy   these obstructioni…
at the hondo public library  residents can learn about their past and access tools necessary for progress in the f…
this is an excellent program for students considering a military service academy  i encourage anyone in  ga03  who w…
on may 1st  we begin military appreciation month  today  we reaffirm our loyalty to the us-the greatest nation on e…
rt  betsy_klein  congressional republicans return to baseball practice months after shooting
this news should make all americans angry  a twice-deported illegal immigrant is suspected of killing 2 hoosiers  i…
always a pleasure to sit down with ed clark  superintendent of  gettysburgnmp  to discuss ways to protect & preserv…
today i recognized the johnson county recovery court with the  champion for drug-free missouri award   i m so proud…
we must learn from  outrageous  prosecutorial misconduct prompting dismissal of charges in bundy case  due process…
thanks to jerome and our hard-working constituent services staff  we hosted a successful veterans resource fair yes…
rt  ambdermer  44 11 minutes after israel declared independence  president truman was the 1st leader to recognize israel  today  on yom ha…
the securing america s future act prevents future illegal immigration via interior enforcement e verify
today  we remember the six million innocent victims of true evil  let us honor them by standing firm in our commitm…
rt  repdavidvaladao  not sure how the new tax law will impact you  check out the irs withholding calculator to see your savings under the t…
our veterans serve our country  in return  the gov should make it easy for them to access the services & benefits they earned 
it s good to have  secretarycarson in arkansas today to meet with people in  ar2  on how we can work together to emp…
8  when and how did the fbi learn that doj lawyer bruce orr s wife  nellie orr  worked for fusion gps  and what exa…
despite what obama says  obamacare is unaffordable  we need a better way on healthcare to put patients first …
the tennessee valley s already considerable aerospace engineering capabilities are growing  boneal aerospace recent…
i have reached out to local  state  and federal law enforcement to offer my help  i stand by ready to assist  pl…
marietta post office to be renamed for marine lance corporal squire  skip  wells→
i met with josh from west des moines about als yesterday to discuss how als impacts individuals  families  and comm…
 this is just the start of companies handing out bonuses  raising wages and increasing spending 
great piece in  wsjopinion - pentagon spending sanity -  only way for the pentagon to continue to protect the natio…
rt  dcexaminer  economy grows at 2 3 percent in first quarter  faster than expected
there s a wildfire burning near lee vining in mono county  highway 395 is closed in the area  marina fire
heading to the capitol now as we await rev  billy graham  he will become the fourth private citizen ever to lie in…
rt  okhighered  thank you  tomcoleok04 - your support of okhighered is deeply appreciated 
rt  marklevinshow  only 25 house republicans tried to block the massive spending and borrowing bill
  repcuellar and i sent a bipartisan letter to universities in texas hosting confucius institutes  these organizati…
today seems like a good day to revisit my weekly column from almost one year ago 👀 memo day
question 3  did comey and james clapper coordinate to give the russian dossier credibility and leak its contents to…
🎉new year  new tax code → our bill nearly doubles the standard deduction to  12 000 for individuals and  24 000 for…
historic day  passing tax cutsand jobs act keeps an important promise to the american people  very pleased final pro…
rt  defaeroreport  new today  watch our interview with house seapower and projection forces subcommittee chairman rep   robwittman to get h…
talking social security and taxes with lynda  thanks for the question and your hard work 
thanks to the tax cuts and jobs act the cbo reported april as the best month in u s  history with monthly surplus of  …
tonight i voted to reopen the federal government  read my full statement here 
it was an honor to present the carnegie hero award to the family of austin welch in bartow today  may we always rem…
the air force announced the relocation of joint forces space component staff to schriever afb  co from california …
rt  cgcanmiami  plaisir de vous revoir  repgusbilirakis et de continuer notre discussion sur les relations canada- floride  sur la défense…
thanks to  sentomcotton  lindseygrahamsc  senjohnkennedy &  billcassidy for bringing attention to the help act and…
rt  soar_eky  gms is looking for underground miners  equipment operators  electricians  and foreman  they will hold a job fair on wednesday…
proud to join  repstefanik and colleagues across the aisle to call for community health center funding…
griffith supports effort to improve broadband access in rural communities
29 people from 20 different countries became united states citizens today at the naturalization ceremony in cedar r…
when native artists like archie cavanaugh are told that their handicraft violates federal law  something must be do…
toured  metrocresthelps in farmers branch w/  ntfb  they provide meals  school supplies  but most importantly hope…
i will always fight for hardworking hoosier families to keep more of their own property  the crumbs act  which was…
chairman  repmarkwalker on  potus fy19 budget 
the 2018 farm bill has bold reforms to help more americans achieve independence through gainful employment  see what…
rt  housegop  we know all of the anxieties and stresses associated with tax day  but we have good news → this is the last time you ll file…
coming on the heels of the attack in the uk   ustreasury s rollout of new russia sanctions is especially significan…
 1/2  last week  i cosponsored legislation that would allow us businesses to sue foreign entities conducting commer…
watch my full statement to hear why i will be donating my pay every day the government remains closed to a charity…
whitenationalist violence in charlottesville is repugnant  no place in our society for bigotry and violence 
many producers can t afford to take another hit - and they shouldn t have to  have been working in collaboration wi…
thank you  sheriffvoutour for hosting fcc commissioner and lockport native  mikeofcc and me in niagara county for a…
great to see y all this morning  
it was an absolute pleasure to have  mayfdawg in the office today  it was great catching up with you & hearing all…
the truth is  we can help dreamers without shutting down the government 
icymi  chairman  repmccaul sat down with  oracle ceo  safra catz  at  aipac s 2018 policy conference to promote u s…
rt  repstevechabot  did you know that about 2 5 million non-farm firms in the us are owned by veterans  of that  99% are classified as sma…
rt  the_citizen  syracuse police chief tells house committee  pass  repjohnkatko s bill to combat synthetic drugs  …
today  the house reauthorized the federal aviation administration through 2023  providing long-term certainty  incr…
as co-chair of the armenian caucus  it was my honor to speak last night at the commemoration of the armenian genoci…
for pacific county residents who have premera insurance plans  it s a relief to learn you ll still be able to acces…
our first hearing this week is tomorrow at 2pm et on hud s role in rental assistance  an oversight and review of le…
i wrote to  usacehq expressing my strong support for ongoing work at the whaley lake dam and encouraged the corps t…
rt  waysandmeansgop    repkevinbrady and  repadriansmith on the proposals to help strengthen american families and communities included i…
my friend  hadi pir  leader in the lincoln yazidi community  former translator for the u s  military in iraq  and …
intro d legislation to prohibit the abhorrent practice of disposing of fetal remains in a landfill  there should be…
last weekend  i held my 10th annual emergency preparedness summit to help north texans plan for severe weather  lak…
paying for infrastructure without soaking the taxpayer debt government solyndra cashforclunkers deficit
house passes  concealed carry reciprocity act of 2017 
over the weekend i stopped by the creston food bank dance  in addition to talking to folks about a number of issues…
i had the great pleasure of meeting with kayla abramowitz from north palm beach and her family  she has persisted…
rt  thejakegrant  my latest piece praising budgets released by the  republicanstudy and  randpaul  check it out
i ll be joining  kevinwallradio today at 1 45 pm et  10 45 am pt   tune in live to hear our conversation 
 tonight  i call on the congress to empower every cabinet secretary with the authority to reward good workers -- an…
rt  freedomworks  gop rep   jim_jordan on a run for house speaker   i m going to look at it very seriously  speaker jordan amp f w
rt  wcve  today is virginia s first barbara johns day  celebrating the late civil rights activist who is credited with leading a local move…
it was a gift to share the wonders of reading & works of dr seuss for read across america with students at mcintyre…
the palestinian authority s  pay to slay  policy rewards families of terrorists for murdering americans and israeli…
we have so many wonderful students in our community with outstanding artistic ability  check out the 2018 congressi…
the status quo isn t working  we need new solutions focused on restoring the trust for families and working-age amer…
millions of americans volunteer their time every year to help those in need  this week  during…
col  stan cass knew how to serve  he served our nation in vietnam and the pentagon before coming home to colorado a…
purdue is one heck of a team  looking forward to the game tonight  boilerup  in04 
tax reform doubles the child tax credit  preserves the adoption tax credit  and improves saving options for educatio…
rt  presssec  the president has ordered an end to  catch and release 
rt  houseforeign  chairman  repedroyce statement on mike pompeo s confirmation as secretary of  statedept
rt  repmikerogersal  unemployment is just 3 9% and there are 6 6 million open u s  jobs right now – let s bridge the gap for  snap  recipien…
 at its core  prosper aims to bring affordable postsecondary education into reach for more americans and to equip s…
for this morning s  nih breakfast  i was delighted to welcome my friends from  txscottishrite to meet and talk with…
en  dlasamericas  es un honor recibir un premio d  adl_national reconociendo mi trabajo en contra del antisemitismo
rt  reppaulmitchell  this morning  i attended  transport s hearing where secretary of transportation elaine l  chao discussed president tru…
rt  foxnews    repleezeldin   james comey leaked classified information to the media   outnumbered o t
tune in live to the  houseappropsgop markup of  cjs  and  thud  fy2017 funding bills 
south jersey is proud of the care we provide to seniors  vets  and others in our communities and i ll continue to s…
exactly right  the raft of companies making the decision to invest in their workforce demonstrates the positive eff…
out and about visiting local businesses today in columbiana and mahoning counties  tax reform
rt  housegop  ✓ bonuses ✓ pay increases ✓ new and expanded benefits these are just some of the many results of the tax cutsand jobs act that…
hey  jerrybrowngov instead of sending me contrived letters pretending to care about ca s tax burden  how about redu…
chairman  mactxpress - i believe that we are better off with free and fair trade    we have to have a group of alli…
today s dedication of the united states embassy in jerusalem is a concrete step in strengthening our bond with isra…
rt  speakerryan  today  the house votes to  ✔fully fund  potus  wall request ✔beef up enforcement against illegal immigration ✔secure our…
on this day in 1948  herbert hoover became the first civilian to exceed speed of sound  cc   nasa  edwardsafb
rt  speakerryan  today  the  uscapitol flags are lowered to half-staff in honor of our country s law enforcement who have given their lives…
rt  kdrv  u s  representative greg walden tells newswatch 12 the bureau of reclamation will be getting 10 3 million dollars for emergency d…
rt  hascrepublicans  live at 1pm  hasc hearing w/ secretary mattis and chairman dunford on afghanistan & south asia strategy - tune in - ht…
enjoyed the chance to visit biomerics in brooklyn park this morning  employees there are bringing home an extra  1 …
 at this proposed level of funding  steady with fy 2017 congressional appropriations  nsf would continue its work s…
this would mean substantial savings for houston taxpayers  via  houstonchron  tx07  harvey
scenes from this morning s coast guard hearing  chairman  repduncanhunter   repbrianmast  and  repgarretgraves
rt  repjoshg  thank you to the  amermedicalassn for hosting me and  reptomreed to discuss the problem solvers caucus and its bipartisan wor…
 we have to meet students where they are  not every student will follow the same path  traditional four year school…
rt  housecommerce  icymi   housecommerce debuts  personal stories from the opioid crisis  video series in conjunction with today s full cmt…
rt  brentbozell  thank you to  lamarsmithtx21 and  repgoodlatte for bringing up our new report on social media censorship  tech companies m…
curious about our tax reform plan  read my op-ed in today s  tb_times 
the public should be able to have confidence that our institutions  including the fbi  are not being politicized in…
it s small business week  our  tx22  small businesses are the backbone of our local economy  providing important good…
religious institutions have a right to provide the same services and programs as secular organizations 
join me in the fight against the opioid crisis this saturday at national rx drug take back day  this provides a saf…
rt  masstransitmag  congressional hearing scheduled on positive train control safety technology  repjeffdenham  ptc 
coming up  joining  billhemmer on  americanewsroom to discuss the escalating situation in syria  tune in to  foxnews at 9 40am et 
sharing our thoughts on  potus   sotu  tonight with  peterzampa 
i want to thank  realdonaldtrump and the great white house staff for inviting my staff and me to bowl tonight at th…
rt  speakerryan  the late rev  billy graham will lie in honor in the u s  capitol rotunda today  here is how you can watch the service at 1…
 angrynidaho  thejohnsonpost it was a bipartisan vote for reauthorization  i strongly opposed it in committee and o…
rt  repleezeldin  just sent letter asking  jeffsessions to appoint special counsel to investigate decisions/activities re fisa abuse  & how…
i want to thank  asmmelendez and lake elsinore mayor natasha johnson for attending the california sanctuary state r…
thanks to the folks at the g m orion plant for showing me around today  exciting to see the bolt e v production 
this was an informative event hosted alongside  repdebdingell -- icymi  upton discusses mental health concerns with…
in his own words    schumer shutdown
it was great to sit down and chat with members of  kscpanews to discuss on-goings in washington  such as tax reform…
a carbon tax would hurt americans by raising prices on everyday essentials like food  electricity  and gasoline  th…
in a world that is increasingly polarized and divided  unlikely friendships are the key to healing  hope  and true…
📺 tune in now to watch me question mr  zuckerberg during the  housecommerce zuckerberg hearing ⬇️
rt  secretarycarson  touring st james place  with big hearts they do great work to mitigate homelessness and addiction
thanks for joining us in geneva today 
rt  reptrentkelly  secretary of defense james mattis testified during the house armed services committee hearing titled   the fiscal year 2…
these  ok  rare disease advocates met with my staff today  as a member of the rare disease caucus  i m grateful for…
enjoyed speaking to the students at banks academy in birmingham  the christian school opened in 2015 and serves inn…
in light of the imminent deadline to phase out daca  it s more critical than ever for congress to act & pass the r a cact   ca21 
terrible news from las vegas this morning  please join me in praying for the victims  their families  & first respo…
good news for florida citrus growers  my bill to give them tax relief is included in the tax reform bill to be co…
i m a wisconsin guy who came to washington to make a difference  i m proud of all of we ve accomplished in congress…
live   houseforeign discusses the trump administration s plan for afghanistan & pakistan  watch here 
speaking on the house floor now in support of the weather research and forecasting innovation act – tune in here 
in texas alone  an estimated 42 000 computing jobs went unfilled in 2015  yet only 2 100 computer scientists grad…
yesterday  i was thrilled to recognize alan thompson on his retirement as cabarrus county s director of ems  i am e…
tomorrow morning  north texas high school students and their families are invited to attend the u s  service academ…
happy birthday to my colleague and fellow texan  samspressshop  and tennessean   repchuck 
schumer lectured trump  really  senate d s shut down govt over a fake deadline  they chose to adversely affect live…
the  househomeland security committee has released its february terror threat snapshot  to date  dhs has thwarted m…
rt  usambnato  welcoming bipartisan us congressional delegation to the  nato  parliamentary assembly  natopa  in brussels today  great to see…
the hard work it takes to start  run  and expand a business is what tax reform is all about  check out how…
rt  advocatehealth  have you noticed that advocate christ medical center s east tower is red this month for heart month  heart disease is t…
great to meet maci today  an advocate from o h10 s  epilepsydayton 
rt  housegop  on the floor is the  fy18ndaa  → a bill which meets our article 1 constitutional obligation to  provide for the common defens…
this was mary s last week interning in my dc office  we will miss her positive attitude & assistance in the office …
  wydenpress   the supreme court should recognize that throwing out the rulebook on sales taxes is the wrong answer…
happening now   reprobwoodall is managing the rule for the senate amendment to the fy18 budget resolution  watch live on  cspan 
rt  gendavegoldfein  i m often thanked for my service when people see me in uniform  but  our mil kids & families serve  too  often without…
mark  universal income  zuckerberg has made billions of dollars by selling your information  you have a right to on…
the reauthorization of adufa is a key part of getting new drugs and treatments to animals sooner  which is very imp…
rt  repmimiwalters  americans are believing their eyes  and not the liberal spin  regarding tax reform  support gained 21 net points over…
more good news due to taxreform  with  apple announcing that they re creating 20k jobs in the u s  and paying  38…
rt  siliconangle  new law would introduce capital gains tax exemption for bitcoin purchases
congrats to isabella richards for receiving the   op_homefront 2018 military of the year award for the   usnavy  s…
tax reform works ➡️  small business optimism is reaching new heights following passage of the tax cuts       the num…
 with the requested level of funding  nsf will be able support basic research across all fields of science and engi…
president s amnesty order - a usurpation of legislative authority amnesty
it was a pleasure to visit studio m and meet the owners curt and sue todd  beginning almost 30 yrs ago in the todd …
congratulations to lane hilgenhold of perry central jr  sr  high school for being honored as a presidential scholar…
rt  housegop  ✓ supporting the military ✓ combating the opioid crisis ✓ delivering historic tax cuts our focus has always been  and cont…
 repricklarsen  lindsemcpherson i guess rick is still a little salty the seahawks didn t make it  fly eagles fly
rt  riponadvance    tomcoleok04 s bill  will help preserve the rights and legacy of native american tribes and their inheritance  
glad to be back in sc  enjoyed attending a prayer breakfast in clinton this morning  look forward to participating…
deficits projected to top  1t in yrs to come  hearing tomorrow   10am on how to change course  economy spending
happening soon   rephuizenga chairs our hearing on legislative proposals regarding derivatives  watch live here 
day 18 for 31 reasons4 tax reform→ our broken tax code hurts america s farmers and ranchers 
today  we stand together on yom hashoa to honor and remember the 6 million lives taken during the holocaust  for th…
washington is called the swamp for a reason 
75 yrs ago  residents of the wellston community  later renamed warner robins  came together to purchase land for wh…
rt  waysandmeansgop  tomorrow  w&m health subcommittee chair  peterroskam will lead a hearing entitled  the implementation of marcra s phys…
if those who can work on  snap   do – then why fight a requirement  fact check  over 2/3 of work-capable adults on…
thank you to all who came out to prescription drug take back day in elkton on saturday  we all must do our part to mak…
started the morning off in  sc03  with physicians at a cardiovascular center in  cityofeasley - thanks for having me 
this is an appalling revelation  i m glad to have joined  repdianeblack & others to request this study  and proud t…
rt  andclev    robwittman asks what congress can do to help find savings  like the potential  2 5 billion by buying two cvns at once   secn…
we had a great hearing this morning on prioritization online  here are the takeaways 
women care about national security  finance  health care  education  and much more  we bring a unique perspective t…
did you know that the tax cutsand jobs act includes a doubling of the child tax credit from  1k to  2k per child and a…
today s veterans history project comes from paris  ark  harold mainer first served in the civilian conservation cor…
thank you to the nearly 18 000  va05  farm operators who provide fiber  food and fuel to our commonwealth and beyond…
breaking  the tax cuts & jobs act has just passed the house  now  it s headed to the senate 
edward jones set up a memorial garden along blowing rock road where visitors placed american flags in memory of lov…
thanks michael patrick  great interview with ryno this morning  i look forward to seeing him at the capitol tomorro…
had a productive mtg w/  flgovscott   com  adamputnam   & members of the fl delegation on the needs of our farmers…
rt  josephicastro  thank you  repdavidvaladao for meeting today w/  fresno_state students & me to discuss daca  our students  including our…
rt  cff_houston  it s been an amazing day on capitol hill educating elected officials about cf  thanks again to our elected officials and t…
great to see job creation in our country and wages on the rise  this is the highest rate of growth for wages in the…
for generations  the korean war has continued with no feasible end in sight  for over 6 decades  the kim regime has…
what are your priorities in making a fair and simple tax code  tell congress now -&gt 
rt  auctnr1  it s early but never too early to take our hero veterans fishing on a  rofrecovery fishing trip   real…
house passes posey legislation to support deployed troops  politics
western nc continues to be well represented in the nation s business community  great to meet the team today at the…
today  i joined a letter to house leadership opposing the proposed lifting of the earmark ban  earmarks were banne…
rt  gregfenves   repbillflores  thank you for supporting students  utaustin and texas universities 🤘
we will never forget  september11th never forget   thank you to our brothers and sisters serving across the world…
the final  gopoversight  it  subcommittee hearing on artificial intelligence is happening now  livestream →
the healthy kids act not only extends chip  it also includes my language to expand funding for medical residencies 
today  i sent a letter to  potus inviting him to visit fort drum during his first term in office  a first term visi…
had another great town hall meeting in ardmore this week  thanks to all who came  & thanks for your questions  i en…
rt  reppeteolson  great to visit my alma mater   riceuniversity  w/  judgetedpoe   congculberson & experts to discuss how to prevent sexual…
ky has great community colleges like  sky_newsevents &  octc_tweets  will use their input as higher ed sub  chair 
today is national pig day  the pork industry supports 141 813 jobs in iowa and contributes  12 2 billion to iowa s e…
my op-ed for  foxnews on why c t e is important to our nation s future 
was very proud to join members of the texas delegation to honor the houston  astros and to thank the cajun navy for…
supporting our military means funding troops and the resources they need to protect american lives  and this bill…
the senate passed  fosta- sesta  today and now it heads to  potus  desk to become law  this landmark legislation wil…
rt  mikegriffinsr  great way to help start the day with  congressmanhice this morning at the georgia capitol   terush33
rt  stevescalise  inspiring pro-life and pro-adoption story from louisiana ↓
icymi  yesterday  officialrfdtv spoke w/  farmbureau vp of public affairs dale moore who says partisan votes are st…
you ve been asking about the congressional accountability and hush fund elimination act  many parts of our bill hav…
looking for a summer internship  apply for one of the openings in my washington  d c   sioux falls  rapid city  or…
this painting of my dad is hanging in my office  he was the one who showed me how to farm and ranch  and while i ll…
earlier this week i hosted  immc_trauma to learn how bystanders can save lives by controlling major bleeding …
congratulations  nauseef   
rt  repdonbacon    hascrepublicans and  hascdemocrats just adopted my  fy19ndaa  amendment to restrict use of russian fuel in our new medica…
the late rev  billy graham will lie in honor in the  uscapitol rotunda today  at 11am et  his family  members of co…
yesterday i met with  emchargers students taking part in  sifmafoundation s 2018 stock market game…
🚨chairman gowdy on the doj ig report on former fbi deputy director andrew mccabe   the inspector general found not…
glad to see my  fy19ndaa  amendment requiring the  deptofdefense to conduct an assessment of the assistance being pr…
new year  new tax code → the tax cutsand jobs act doubles the child tax credit from  1 000 to  2 000  helping parents…
rt  housecommerce  here s where you can watch this morning s hearing with  facebook ceo mark zuckerberg  💻 website 
the conservative opportunity society breakfast was graced with the presentation of  antonia_okafor who delivered a…
dfw airport should be considered as the nation s premier transportation hub   i am honored to represent dfw airport…
as we bid farewell to the old tax code  here are the top five ways our new tax code  under the tax cuts and jobs ac…
when i first heard the phrase  catch & release   i thought it meant those caught entering illegally would be turned…
students going through the exhibit stations at the worlds of work event in oxford today  thank…
great catching up with  dcdailynews today to talk about my trauma-informed care resolution that passed the house ea…
just launched my valentines for veterans card drive  sending a valentine s day card is one small way for us to than…
rt  miamidadepd  happy national public safety telecommunications week  we are incredibly grateful to our dispatchers for their hard work  d…
rt  detnewsopinion  column   opportunity zones  on their way via  detroitnews  repfredupton
my thoughts and prayers are with the people of france tonight  paris
thanks to the leadership of  reptomemmer &  westerncaucus with the passage of the m i n e ract  ✔️17 000 jobs protect…
prior to last night s airstrikes in syria  yesterday i joined 87 of my colleagues in requesting that the president…
great to see brigadier gen  lapthe flora receive this well-deserved honor of  red cross good samaritan hero  as he…
the media won t tell you just how productive the house has been in the 115th congress  take a look at these stats …
great visit w students/staff to learn about advanced manufacturing careers at tchs pickering campus- was able to wa…
this budget just simply does not reflect what republicans have promised to do  and the american people deserve better 
barb prather does a great job serving  ia01   neifb - thanks for stopping by to discuss the farm bill and the servic…
i support the president s decision to withdraw the u s  from the iran deal  this deal was a disaster from the start…
rt  kilmeade  the house poised to vote on  1 3 trillion dollar spending bill   jim_jordan reacts on  foxandfriends   this may be the worst…
frank wolf continues to be a great leader and friend  i am honored to work with him on human rights &…
i was so honored to attend the commissioning of the uss ralph johnson this morning  pfc johnson was a true hero and…
i sent a letter w/  repbrianhiggins to gsa administrator sarcone pushing for swift permit approvals for peace bridg…
i had a great conversation with members of the idaho grain producers association  igpa  today  we talked about issu…
it is my hope that by passing my pittman-robertson modernization bill  h r  2591   we can bring new generations int…
hey  tx22  high school artists  do you want your artwork featured in the us capitol  if so  you should participate i…
it doesn t defund sanctuary cities  it doesn t defund abortion provider planned parenthood  and it fails to fund an effective wall 
happening at 10 30 pst - water subcommittee roundtable meeting live from the  cooshistory in oregon  watch live o…
last week  we said good bye to the old tax code  and with a new tax code  you deserve a new internal revenue servic…
rt  afterschool4all    repandyharrismd knows - afterschool works  thanks for coming by the 2018 afterschool for all challenge 
  potus is right  through us trade negotiations we can help lower our prescription drug costs for all americans
congratulations to our 2018 john paul hammerschmidt fellow  luke barber  i look forward to having you intern in our…
discussing the  army fiscal year 2019 budget request readiness posture  at the  hascrepublicans subcommittee on rea…
rt  sarasotasheriff  sheriff knight is pleased to announce scso was re-accredited wednesday  receiving the excelsior award for the 3rd time…
  thelugarcenter released its index ranking of the most bipartisan members of the house and senate  i ve worked har…
 savethe bay n e w update → cover crops and no-till are netting higher returns on investment for farmers in northeast…
my family  staff  and i wish you and a wonderful  blessed thanksgiving 
this hearing gave members of the committee an opportunity to hear directly from subject matter experts about the ne…
the c l o u d act frames a path for guarding the privacy of american data while enabling law enforcement to combat crim…
this afternoon i had the privilege of meeting cameron pierce & kevin to of prattville  these impressive prattville…
pictured here with dr  benson akingbemi of auburn and dr  cynthia…
voters know my beliefs & my voting record  i spent little    i won election/big margin  ur claim to represent my constituents insults them
during this easter district work period  i ve enjoyed visiting counties throughout al02 & hearing directly from tho…
it is incumbent upon congress to keep the government functioning  i will refuse my paycheck until the government re…
earlier this year il dems pushed through a massive tax hike on middle-income families  today i voted to give il fam…
rt  houseforeign    repedroyce discusses north korea  syria on  foxnews
rep  sensenbrenner statement on the tax cuts and jobs act 
this protects roughly double the amount of what you earn each year from taxes so that you can keep more of your har…
tonight i ll have the privilege of hearing the  sotu  i ve been waiting to hear since i first came to congress 7 yea…
we had a great group of interns this past spring  thank you so much for all your hard-work  for those who are inter…
the new york dairy industry is an estimated  2 4 billion annual business  which accounts for roughly 45 percent of…
a lot of work to be done in washington today  but congressman griffith is ready for the battle at bristol tomorrow 
the  freedomcaucus would fully support you in this move  mr  president  let s pass a short term cr while you negoti…
🙌 thanks for shoutout on skills  matthew  planning to re-introduce soon  been working to get more folks on board  h…
small businesses form the backbone of economy and our community 
this will be one of the first bills marked up this morning and you can watch the proceedings live at
 this should not be a political football    daca   replancenj7
rt  awbc_usa  great to see  repstevechabot  housesmallbiz excitement for a new  wbc  in cincinnati 
rt  vp  as long as  realdonaldtrump is potus and i am vp  the united states of america will not repeat the shameful mistake of our past whe…
with solemn gratitude  we remember all those who bravely defended our nation at naval station pearl harbor …
did you know april is the month of the military child 
 the challenge with blockchain technology is the potential for the development of  walled gardens  or closed techno…
rt  rephuizenga  glad to be joining you  repdavetrott as we fight for consumer choice and a healthy  robust economy with opportunity for al…
can t wait to beat the yankees next march  go braves 
  usreprodney  this bill helps ensure that america s farmers and food producers can maintain a vibrant and producti…
space weather events are fascinating but they can have damaging effects on vital infrastructure at the earth s surf…
⚡️house science weekly wrap-up ⤵️
congressman griffith meeting with olympic gold medalist  michaelphelps before today s sub oversight hearing 
who will be named the best tex-mex in all of texas  austin currently has 4 restaurants in the running  be sure to v…
in honor of police week  amvets post 23 in opp recognized one outstanding officer from each police department in co…
 ga12  reminder - my staff will be in treutlen  montgomery  and wheeler counties tomorrow for community office hours…
also great to see a renewed focus by  potus on listening to military leaders in afghanistan 
on this day in 1905  two french brothers  armand and henri dufaux  tested an early version of the helicopter 
    i urge congress to consider restoring the tax-exempt status of these bonds so that we may continue to invest in…
facebook chairman & ceo mark zuckerberg is testifying before  housecommerce this morning  you can watch the hearing…
breaking  house passes taxpayer first act
it is always a pleasure to talk and reminisce with students from my alma mater   alfredu  about their future and my…
thanks to taxreform  we are seeing an economy roar back to life after being stuck in neutral for a very long time …
wishing everyone a happy thanksgiving 
thank you  potus  realdonaldtrump for your commitment to the asd community  world autism awareness day
thanks for having me 
rt  indianagazette  the altoona-based sheetz inc  chain of convenience stores said it plans to hire more than 2 500 employees company-wide …
tune in to  foxbusiness at 9 15am ct will be talking to  varneyco re  the latest news re  the  doj  
neither cold nor snow will stop nebraskans from attending the nebraska breakfast  we had a great turnout this morn…
great news --&gt  trump  secretary of state pompeo heading back from north korea with 3 released prisoners
 techreview given a choice between having a boss as a caretaker  and taking care of themselves  people are choosing…
deuteronomy 34 4 then the lord said to him   this is the land which i swore to abraham  isaac  and jacob saying   i…
i joined with 65 of my colleagues to call for the public release of the fisa abuse memo  while the details are clas…
last week  my bipartisan bill  hr 4607  comprehensive regulatory review act  was passed in the house financial serv…
rt  nasa  old data from our galileo spacecraft  which launched in 1989  have provided independent evidence of water vapor venting in plumes…
wishing everyone in  nc10  a very merry christmas and a happy new year  god bless 
congrats carthage on 19 years as a tree city usa community   according to the arbor day foundation  trees yield t…
rt  ascegovrel  yesterday  housesmallbiz held a hearing on  american infrastructure & the small business perspective  to explore how infra…
i am honored to be a part of this special day with you sawyer 
chmn  repmccaul    dhsgov cyber strategy is a positive step in leveraging components of the department & harmonizin…
she was also failed by the university  after being refused treatment because her therapist  knew  the perpetrator …
this weekend  admission to a national park is free  the  chickasawnps holds the distinction of being a national par…
great move to protect our borders by ag sessions- approval of 8 new assistant us attorney positions have been opene…
the summer months are some of the busiest for constituents visiting d c  for those planning trips to our nation s c…
rt  repdelozier  great to have cong scott perry making the rounds in our area  he joined us in lemoyne  thx for your support   repscottper…
reverend billy graham was a man of faith  a man of conviction  and a man who dedicated his life to preaching the go…
now  our final oversight hearing on  uscbo is about to start  watch it live 
it was an honor to be presented with the champions of idc award yesterday  i have been committed to fighting for hu…
we re trying twitter q&a over the next few days  tweet your questions using ask morgan griffith
rt  housegop  wishing everyone a happy passover  may it be full of happiness  peace  and prosperity 
great to catch up with commandant timon oujiri from the iowa veterans home at the wwii memorial - someone truly mak…
rt  fertilizer_inst  thanks  repgosar for visiting  wilburellisco in yuma  az and touring sunset nursery and desert premium farms to get a h…
check out this article on the glri bill 
rt  housecommerce  live now  sub health hearing on  combating the opioid crisis  prevention and public health solutions   &gt &gt 
looking forward to it 
d day was a turning point for the war in europe  today we honor thousands who gave their lives to defeat tyranny on…
important reminder that these are the people we are dealing with in iran  why would we expect them to hold up thei…
rt  housegop  rt if you re ready for a fair and simple tax filing system  simple enough to be done on a postcard  h…
sat down with representatives from community health centers in  oh15  this morning  they play a vital role in keepin…
the  capitolpolice set out every morning prepared to take the brave actions we just witnessed  they are heroes toda…
rt  speakerryan  these  taxreform  crumbs  are really starting to add up 
let s go orange  pep rally with  cnycentral  mattmulcahy  megsnewsflash  onondagacounty at hamilton st boys & girls…
icymi  i recently cosponsored the connect for health act – bipartisan legislation to reduce healthcare costs by exp…
this morning  i heard from job creators in lexington on how the tax cutsand jobs act is growing the economy by allowi…
rt  housegop  rt to agree → rebuilding our military and supporting our troops is one of the highest priorities of congress 
great to join c-span s washington journal this morning to discuss tax reform and keeping our government funded and…
🚨icymi  subcommittee chairman  farenthold visited the u s  virgin islands to assess ongoing hurricane response effo…
rt  repjenniffer  meeting w/ caribbean  natlparkservice superintendent randy lavasseur  we discussed hurricane recovery efforts in  sanjuan…
thrilled to join  potus at the white house today to honor our 2017 world series champion houston  astros  what a gr…
i am touched by the members of the  utahsymphony who traveled to haiti to bring music to the children there …
many thanks to  fox16news and  kark4news for our community wide efforts to achieve victoryoverviolence
during national police week  we thank our leos for keeping our communities safe   la05  will celebrate our police off…
 2/2  however  replacing this marker is only a temporary fix  as the honga river and tar bay channel are in urgent…
the house had a very productive 2017  and we re guessing you probably haven t heard about it  here s how we ve been…
since the start of the 115th congress in january 2017  nearly 2 million jobs have been added  more jobs=more opport…
rt  housegop  did you see that we passed a bill that gives our troops the largest pay raise in 8 years  this is major win for our troops wh…
i was glad to catch up w/ my al-02 agriculture advisory council during a call today as we look towards passing the…
coffee w/your congressman this morning   
happy national ag day  let s not forget to honor those who play such a vital role in our economy and communities acr…
97 years ago ratification of 19thamendment gave women the right to vote  my great grandmother was a suffragette 
why are we still shedding our soldiers  blood for pedophiles 
rt  cityofarlington    utarlington receives  1 3 million grant to continue veteran success program  learn more  htt…
always honored to assemble  the_uso care packages  grateful for the incredible service  the_uso provides for our se…
as a nation  i hope we can honor dr  king s memory by listening to & learning from his timeless messages of unity …
rt  speakerryan  it s time to check your check  starting this month  90% of americans will see bigger paychecks as a result of the tax cuts…
happy presidents day 
happy presidents day to all in mn02 — who is your favorite president  let me know  
rt  deahq  time to go  collection sites open now  do your part to loosen the grip of rx drug abuse and help end the opioidcrisis - turn th…
collins honors vietnam veterans at pinning ceremony -
keep the music streaming with the musicmodernizationact
now  join me live on  msnbc  we are talking about the governmentshutdown 
some members of the alabama cable association stopped by my office this morning to discuss the need for broadband n…
thoughts and prayers for dammartin-en- goele  we must stand firm in our resolve to combat terrorism and support our allies 
are you kidding me  have you *read* his holiday cards  his prose was great  i wept  even  seriously  america is lu…
stopped by napa auto parts in greenville to visit w/ keith foster  he works at napa but also serves as a volunteer…
immediate armsembargo is needed against south sudan to prevent ethnic cleansing   un security council must act now
my staff will be in beaver city on tuesday and elwood on wednesday for mobile office hours this week  if you need h…
always glad to address the  militaryofficer  moaa  to talk about the need for increased resources for our military…
thornberry  cornyn  cruz urge usda secretary to authorize emergency crp use for drought and wildfires
lower rates  higher paychecks  and more money in american s pocks  it s safe to say that the tax cuts and jobs act…
president obama   enforce the laws already on the books   how about the border fence and immigration law  guns in america
great to join  delossjahnke today on  farmweeknow  tune in today to hear our discussion on the tax plan  infrastruc…
  farenthold  agencies also testified how they have been able to reduce the cost and burden of their regulations wh…
i joined my colleagues today in the u s  capitol rotunda to honor the life of the late rev  billy graham  to lie in…
along with other members of the mn delegation  i met with mexican ambassador  geronimo__gf to discuss the progress…
rt  denverpost    repkenbuck   if we can t get our work done  we shouldn t be going on recess   copolitics
because of taxreform  kansans are seeing more money in their paycheck 
this week  the house will be considering legislation related to veterans  small business  and government transparen…
rt  housegop  look at all of the awesome ways businesses can grow because of the tax cutsand jobs act  ✅ hire more workers ✅ increase wages ✅…
today i introduced the bipartisan securing the international mail against opioids act of 2018 to address vulnerabil…
rt  scottsburgcasey  thank you u s  representative for indiana s 9th congressional district   reptrey  for connecting virtually with shs st…
this international womens day  we recognize all the women who have looked inequality up and down and said no more  i…
maria & sandy represented  tx23  well at the  congressionalac s houseof code yesterday  these san antonio  stem  stud…
rt  faithcvv  today s  sotu   republicanstudy lunch 
more great taxreform news that will benefit workers in ohio 
rt  repsamgraves  thank you  repsmucker for hosting me at high steel structures  transportation is vital to the economy and this forum brou…
it was great to meet with business partners and community leaders last week at the seneca county chamber of commerc…
dive into our framework for taxreform 
need help with medicare  va claims or other federal agencies  tomorrow  my office will hold mobile office hours in…
 as the only member of the  houseagnews from the great state of alabama   i work hard 2 make sure i represent the…
want to learn more about how the tax cutsand jobs act will benefit you  text  tax reform  to 50589 or visit here -&gt 
i m working on a provision in the farm bill to help with rural broadband  more than half of rural missourians don t…
teachers can have a huge impact on the lives of our children  happy to announce the eight talented educators who wo…
rt  butlertech  thank you to all those in our community who joined us   butlercountyesc and  warrendavidson in celebrating  butlercoohio se…
if you are considering attending a service academy for college  now is the time to begin the process 
rt  housegop  today on human trafficking awareness day  let s remember that the work to end human trafficking continues  why  because every a…
weiss lake looks beautiful from the cherokee rock village park  third district thursday  al03… 
with revisions announced today  the monthly average job growth for the past three months was 242 000  the labor for…
 speakerryan has led the house with dignity  and during his time as speaker  advanced landmark legislation like…
getting ready to join  dloesch to discuss why you should be in control of your presence online  big tech companies…
my thoughts and prayers are with the family and friends of sgt  dillion baldridge as he is laid to rest in ashe county today 
rt  freedomworks  he was correct when he said   there is a narrow path between adequate national security funding  and avoiding a national…
two great alabama coushatta reservation dancers  elliott and tyler abbey  did a fantastic job performing at the tyl…
rt  agrutledge  after the weekend s damaging storms  con artists may attempt to take advantage of severe weather victims  remember to avoid…
today i joined  markdavis to discuss yesterday s tax reform vote and congress  work to fund our national defense an…
rt  rulesreps   tomcoleok04 is now managing the rule to provide for consideration of the continuing resolution  watch the  housefloor live…
small businesses are the backbone of our economy  that s why our tax reform plan will slash their taxes so they can…
from my family to yours  happy thanksgiving 
in case you missed it   repcuellar and i gave  news4sa a glimpse of a day representing south and west texans in our…
mi amiga  susievcastillo  el honor de representar nuestra comunidad es mio 
today  housecommerce approved two of my bipartisan bills to bolster our response to the opioid crisis →…
rt  repcummings    repjohnkatko & i just introduced our bill to honor harriet tubman by placing her likeness on the  20 bill by 2020 
it was great to visit with folks from irivng & southlake on their tours of the  uscapitol  visiting dc  let me help…
today i welcomed fellow alabamian and  thejusticedept attorney general jeff sessions to the commerce  justice  scie…
the annual day of caring is a wonderful event that brings together volunteers from communities across our region  t…
chairman  repmarkwalker s message to the marchfor life 
senate needs to confirm  richardgrenell asap  a great public servant  proud american & amazing  realdonaldtrump nom…
live  all five ferc commissioners set to testify before sub energy -&gt 
join me in salisbury on 11/11 for a town hall meeting on tax reform  all  md01  residents are welcome  more info 
our sincerest thoughts and prayers are with the victims and their families   
talked with  cvpayne on  foxbusiness today about my recent visit to del rio  texas - marking my fourth trip to the…
the application for the u s  naval academy s summer seminar is open  this is an opportunity for rising high school…
  usreprodney  this includes maintaining an effective nuclear arsenal  preserving our navy s nuclear-powered fleet …
if planned parenthood has  30 million to spend on electing pro-abortion candidates  then why does it need our taxpa…
let s go hokies 
great news  team scalise
our illinois communities want to invest in roads  bridges  hospitals  libraries and schools  tax-exempt advance ref…
the cherryblossom trees around the uscapitol are in full bloom  gorgeous time to be in dc  spring thankful
great discussion about energy security  otchouston  thank you  ceaorg for including me in the world s largest oil &…
rt  whitehouse  watch live as president trump participates in a signing ceremony for space policy directive - 1  ht…
as co-chairman of the house small brewers caucus  i ll proudly raise a glass to this  tax cutsand jobs act
it s crucial we empower americans to achieve their own american idea  that s why the 2018 farm bill ties work requir…
happening now 📺 we explore solutions for closing the skills gap
rt  repkevinbrady  over  3 billion in bonuses have already gone out to american workers all over the country thanks to tax reform 
breaking  there is strong bipartisan support for v a accountability in congress  the house just passed the bill and…
here is a great article on safe driving in winter weather 
rt  houseappropsgop  the fy18 interior appropriations bill was just approved by the subcommittee on a voice vote 
i support the expulsion of russian diplomats  russia must be held accountable for its actions  we must stand with o…
rt  waysandmeansgop  at 10am w&m will host its second hearing in a series entitled  jobs and opportunity  federal perspectives on the jobs…
rt  secretarysonny  meeting with local media at  celinatent in ohio  with  sbalinda  rep   warrendavidson & rep   boblatta  on back to our ro…
reminder  wednesday is the final deadline to submit a piece for the 2018 congressional art competition 
great to see so many people at our lenawee county senior resource fair yesterday  thanks to the adrian senior cente…
great event at  kingartscomplex honoring my colleague and friend   repbeatty  your legacy of public service is insp…
 md01   s town hall at stephen decatur middle school is well underway 
be sure to check it out   mn02 
rt  meetthepress    chucktodd is back in d c  for a busy m t p daily is and joined by  amyewalter   larrysabato and  repsanfordsc  panelists…
i congratulate president moon on the inter-korean summit  and look forward to specific and demonstrable actions fro…
yesterday i cheered on unt s mean green as they went on to defeat army 52-49  it was a great game for my alma mater 
these historic investments in nutrition assistance will change lives | congressman glenn  gt  thompson
rt  martinmatishak    repjerrynadler says base  fisa702  bill is  wholly unacceptable   supports  justinamash effort 
last week i had the opportunity to tour  trojansccs and see the innovative ways students are getting involved in ha…
retailers in indiana are working to better protect the personal and financial information of consumers  thank you t…
rt  housecommerce    repgregwalden on equifax breach sub d c c p
tune into  foxbusiness as i talk with  simonettilauren right now 
rt  housecommerce  watch   stevescalise receives a standing ovation upon his return to e&c earlier today  welcome back  whip scalise  sca…
rt  cnycentral  cny child advocates  law enforcement gather to talk regional human trafficking
thanks to  shannonbream on  foxnews for talking about the consequences of refusing to fund our troops  how can dems…
research shows that there s a 25% decline in workforce participation b/c of the opioidepidemic  proud to introduce…
yesterday  the  uscgreserve celebrated its 77th birthday  thank you to our brave reservists for putting their lives…
as we honor the reverend billy graham  here is a great article on his relationship with george w  bush--and how it…
looking forward to joining  judgejeanine tonight to discuss the release of the memo and what s next  tune in to  foxnews at 9 pm 
rt  ncfarmbureau  second stop on  repmarkwalker farm tour is josh white s farm  he s a diversified farmer who s worried about farming for…
we agree  giving people a pathway to success is not partisan  2018 farm bill
wishing a happy and healthy new year to all those celebrating rosh hashanah 
more people in the world are enslaved than at any other point in history  it s human trafficking awareness day  and w…
today is overdose awareness day  my bill  the s t o pact  will prevent overdoses linked to dangerous synthetic drugs 
on today s third stop of the  mo07  manufacturing tour i visited wintech in monett missouri  this facility builds q…
inspectors general are the front line of accountability & transparency in our federal government  it s imperative t…
the new tax code was written with everyday families and small biz in mind  enjoyed sitting down with  repkevinbrady…
today s first responder friday features ellisville volunteer fire department …
being a member of congress should be about serving the people  not yourself or the special interests  that s why th…
rt  dcrews12   repmarkwalker and his team stopped by mount zion baptist church in greensboro today to help with relief efforts  he also tou…
rt  alabamatoday   usrepgarypalmer introduces bill to stop  judge shopping  suits against presidential orders a l po…
happy to join  speakerryan in georgia today as we look at how taxreform is working for our state as companies like…
rt  cspanwj  rep   tomcoleok04  r-ok  joins us to discuss the healthcare bill & government funding deadline
 jbreisblatt  usreprodney  congculberson the report will be published 24 hours before the full committee markup 
opioid abuse has created a crisis of addiction that has taken the lives of thousands of young americans  today  we…
rt  elisabethwaldon  dinner on the farm   repmoolenaar updates  michfarmbureau about budget cuts  tax reform … and trump s tweets 
took part in the bipartisan congressional caucus for women s issues hearing today on sexual harassment in high-tech…
rt  housegop  the s t o p school violence act of 2018 has just passed in the people s house  we are live with the latest →
did you know that national park week kicks off tomorrow  to celebrate   interior is waiving entrance fees saturday …
rt  houseappropsgop  chairman  usreprodney announces subcommittee chair changes   judgecarter will chair the military construction  va subc…
the motives behind the tragic shooting today remain a mystery  but one thing is certain–the loss of innocent life a…
rt  dougpologe  senators marco rubio and tom cotton  and representative joe wilson introduced the  foreign influence transparency act   whi…
no amnesty for daca & no path to citizenship & certainly no amnesty for the parents of daca illegals  who would th…
 i applaud president trump s decision to withdraw from the joint comprehensive plan of action  jcpoa   this was a t…
breaking  newhouse   repscotttaylor  repjeffdenham lead 34 house republicans to urge  daca  fix before end of year
the good economic news keeps coming in  1️⃣9️⃣ 8️⃣% increase in hiring last month 6️⃣ 5️⃣5️⃣ million open jobs 3️⃣…
today we honor and remember the fallen first responders who put themselves in harm s way for the good of their fami…
we must hold these hostile actors accountable  and stand with our strongest ally in the middle east 
welcome home to all the veterans who visited washington  dc with  honorflightcmh this weekend  i hope you enjoyed y…
spring break brought several  ok2  families to washington this week  it was my honor to show them around the capitol…
happening now  discussing  potus  fy2019 budget request for  dhsgov with  secnielsen  watch our  househomeland hear…
rt  markwarner  bipartisan momentum to end food deserts continues to grow  thank you  reptimryan &  repryancostello for introducing our bil…
 potus decision to withdraw from the paris accord is a win for co  the deal hurts the us and lets the world s worst polluters off the hook 
gracias  osminmartinezg  danielcastrope  dlasamericas por siempre mantener nuestra comunidad informada 
happening now  tune in 
icymi  the  natlparkservice did the right thing by reducing its fee increase this year  i m glad so many people j…
happy birthday to the  usnavy - thank you to all who have stood the watch & who are fwd deployed defending america 
prices are rising  insurers are fleeing  obamacare is harming hard-working americans   cnnmoney
rt  nasa  earth is special  it s the only place in the universe that we know contains life  celebrate its beauty with these amazing images…
🔜 hearing to assess industry views of the chemical facility anti-terrorism standards  cfats  program  watch live at…
incredibly humbled to speak among a powerful group of patriots and conservative champions of our second amendment a…
it s always great meeting with constituents and business owners in the district  this morning i enjoyed meeting wit…
  centurylink is expanding and adding jobs in louisiana  get used to more and more of these announcements around th…
rt  jason_howerton  they protected her for decades  her codename was  tranquility   fitting for former first lady barbara bush  now  her s…
rt  westerncaucus  happening at 2 p m  eastern today   natresources and  repgosar will hold an important hearing on  markamodeinv2 strategi…
happening now  house judiciary markup of h r  5283  h r  5293  h r  5335  h r  5344  and h r  5447  the…
today we send a huge thank you and show our appreciation for our nurses  especially my wife kelly who is a proud nu…
i m wearing my bright socks for world down syndrome day  ardownsyndrome
rt  driscollboats  driscoll is proud to support american maritime industry and our veterans  thank you for this honor   rep_hunter 
our staff is hosting a tax prep workshop thursday  march 29 at the  mdpls homestead branch library  stop by to lea…
great having pleasants county commissioner jay powell with us for today s round table with president donald j  trum…
house passes bill to fight hunger  promote charitable giving  tcot 
if you re in san diego  tune in to kusi  channel 5  this morning at 7 30 am  discussing many important topics 
this morning i toured  allisontrans the world s largest manufacturer of commercial-duty automatic transmissions and…
rt  reparrington  what i m reading 
thank you to the  idahomedassn for a productive meeting this week  we had discussions surrounding a variety of he…
  congmikesimpson  this recommendation includes strong funding for army corps of engineers to address our nation s…
human trafficking has no place in society  we must act to end this horrendous practice  the  financialcmte is worki…
rt  rephuizenga    repmarcykaptur continues to be a leading voice in promoting  preserving  & defending the great lakes  it is a pleasure t…
how has the tax cutsand jobs act impacted you and your family  take the survey here →
as we work towards a solution on daca and border security  we should all keep in mind dr  martin luther king jr  s…
rt  hascrepublicans   what i m grateful for are the men and women who serve      mactxpress closing floor speech on  fy18ndaa  watch here  h…
rt  jfranz88  glacier national park welcomes 2 8 million people in 2016  busiest year in park history m tnews
rt  houseappropsgop  chairman  kencalvert is presiding over the subcommittee markup of the fy19 interior and environment appropriations bil…
rt  jessiturnure   repfrenchhill joins me live on the phone in two minutes arnews arpx
rt  ccappatt  representative  keithrothfus has fought in the past against the inhumanity that is human trafficking and i know he will today…
rt  repgoodlatte  music modernization act 🎶 introduced today is a product of  housejudiciary s comprehensive copyright review & is designed…
thank you  looking forward to joining you at march for life on friday 
5 you will be able to more easily start your own business and be your own boss
rt  hascrepublicans  russia continues to violate the inf treaty - the cr prevents development of a military response to russia
pleased to hear that north korea is suspending all nuclear weapons testing  a meaningful step toward achieving peac…
house passes bill to protect employees from health care law mandates that cut work hours  politics
rt  transport  on this day in 1893  the first electric car was built in toronto  it could go 15 miles between charges  transport auto his…
s/o to  kstate for some featured video content and president richard myers for participating in the video 
my prayers are with the families of cameron robinson and neysa tonks  two utahns that lost their lives in the las v…
last week i was on washington watch with tony perkins  president of the  frcdc  to discuss the fight against isis 
i couldn t agree more   realdonaldtrump  we need a space force space corps   hasc 
honored to be at usda this am with  usda   secretarysonny & interior  secretaryzinke for signing of an interagency…
rt  jecrepublicans   guypbenson flags our analysis about  uscbo and notes   more than 500 us companies have rolled out new benefits  bonus…
rt  houseforeign  tmrw 10amet   repedroyce hearing  modernizing export controls 
while this is a great step forward  this is just a proposal  i will continue working to ensure that the  poccaport…
touring the kamtek  magna international  automotive stamping and aluminum casting facility  which employees over 90…
today is the last day you ll ever to file your taxes under the old system  with the passage of the…
i commend attorney general  jefflandry and his office for their due diligence in officially closing the book on the…
i d love for you to join my live telephone town hall next wednesday  feb  21 from 5 30 – 6 30pm  you can sign up he…
on the  housefloor this week 
rt  usmc  73 years ago today  marines on iwo jima raised the flag atop mount suribachi  semper fidelis 
 brandonhathaw12  speakerryan for speaker  look to the ones who ve had the courage to resist the swamp  not the one…
we are committed to rebuilding our military and getting our brave troops the resources and support they need   sotu 
my colleagues  roslehtinen   repsires  and i just sent this letter to  vp urging him to raise key national and regi…
rt  housecommerce  here s where you can watch this morning s hearing with  facebook ceo mark zuckerberg  💻 website 
rt  edworkforce  the opioid epidemic currently impacts over 11 million americans  and its effects are being seen in workplaces  schools  co…
 startelegram i will have a town hall in tarrant county in april  the people of milford and frost get to hear from their congressman too 
icymi  my statement on sanctions legislation that passed the house yesterday 
rt  usoofnc  today  the uso of nc teamed up with the carolina  panthers to recognize the children of fallen service members w/ a special pl…
senator tim scott and i will be signing books tonight at 7 00 pm in spartanburg  for free tickets and more informat…
rt  waysandmeansgop  breaking → we just passed the tax cuts and jobs act bringing us one step closer to tax relief for the american people 
m i s s i o n act will improve veterans  access to timely and high-quality care they ve earned  and help modernize…
the uprising was ultimately put down  but years later the same strength that led the jews to fight in warsaw led th…
good news today – i m encouraged to learn that secretary pompeo is heading home from north korea with three america…
deuteronomy 11 26-28 see  i am setting before you today a blessing and a curse  the blessing   if you listen to the…
on saturday  we hosted our military service academy day in the second district  students from across the district c…
this week s budget fact  according to  uscbo s annual baseline  released yesterday  tax reform is expected to creat…
rt  secretarysonny  food waste & loss eat up about 40% of the u s  food supply  hosted a roundtable today of food industry  food banks  res…
on this day in 1964  the chesapeake bay bridge- tunnel opens to the public 
 icymi   coverage of james vernon receiving the carnegie medal for his heroic actions in october of 2015  when he sa…
members of congress should be treated like everyone else  it is wrong that congress gets paid during a lapse in ap…
when the house votes today on the taxpayer first act  introduced by myself and rep  john lewis  d-ga   they ll be v…
rt  repkevinbrady  schumer shutdown hurting hurricane harvey victims in our community  delaying critical help  regardless of your view  is…
rt  acibc  we re going to make sure we re committed to the two ship buy   make sure we get the ships we need -  robwittman  thank you for y…
this administration s leadership  along with historic multilateral pressure  brought north korea back to the negoti…
  nancypelosi tax cuts may just be  crumbs  to you but even the  nytimes can t deny that under  realdonaldtrump s l…
contrary to pres assertions the islamic state is islamic and a state – or at least has all the attributes of a state
great news ➜ my legislation w/  senorrinhatch to expand access to adult day health care for severely disabled veter…
i was on  foxnews today discussing the importance of applying strong sanctions on russia  iran  and n  korea 
rt  realdonaldtrump  join me live as we recognize the first responders to the june 14th shooting involving  stevescalise  team scalise
2017in missouri8 brought two presidential visits  together with  realdonaldtrump  we repealed  4 1b in regs  jumpst…
rt  speakerryan  the years pass  but the shock does not  it never will  we will never forget 
happy birthday louisiana 
should a school principal be disciplined for discussing the positive aspects of firearms with students  read my ful…
thank you to each of the 44 talented high school students who entered the 2018 2nd congressional district art compe…
enjoying another great fish fry friday   walbridge st  jerome s with father al  good friends good food good cause
rt  roslehtinen  happy 70th birthday to the brave men and women who serve in  airforcereserve  thank you for all that you do for our countr…
there were warning signs for years about the fl shooter  those who could ve prevented it ignored signals  multiple…
calling all  tx22  high school artists  tomorrow  may 1st is the deadline to participate in the 2018-2019…
this week  the house is scheduled to vote on the stop school violence act  see other important updates and legislat…
the committee markup of the fy19 energy & water and agriculture appropriations bill will start shortly  watch live…
let the good news keep rolling in    taxreform
e-commerce was the topic today at home depot s distribution center in hancock county  we also discussed the recent…
remember to call your insurer before you agree to have anyone make repairs
check out my questioning of executives from five major drug distributors about their role in the opioid crisis duri…
was able to get my copy of the tax cuts and jobs act signed by both  vp and  speakerryan  to commemorate the house…
congratulations to  housecommerce alum mike pompeo on being confirmed as america s 70th secretary of state 
everyone stay safe and heed warnings  you can report weather-related damage here 
i m happy dia released recent information regarding north korean missile/nuclear technology  the american people deserve to know the facts
but to ensure those earned benefits will be there in the future for our children & grandchildren  congress must act now 
congratulations to harwood jr high in bedford   hebisd  for being a  school to watch  for 2017 
don t forget about our town hall tomorrow in enfield   ny23 
my wife cynthia & i send our thoughts & prayers to the individual who was fatally injured and those critically hurt…
great interview  repmarkmeadows -  people r tired of politics as usual  -  time 2 get things done  4 american people
this is interesting     🤔
there are more than 29 million small businesses in the united states  i want to hear from small businesses owners a…
tax cuts are more than just  crumbs   and here are stories from across our country to prove it  taxcuts taxreform
visited w/  oklahomabankers to discuss financial services matters that will impact their efforts to serve ok s comm…
rt  readyharris  hurricane preparedness week | can your home withstand a hurricane  hurricane prep hurricane strong…
interested in learning more about government  apply for a summer internship in my washington  dc office …
tennesseans  it s tax day  remember to file your taxes and say farewell to our old  broken  & complicated tax code …
tune in at 2pm for the subcommittee on oversight and investigations  hearing on  deptvetaffairs troubled logistics…
i cosponsored micahs law  a life-saving piece of legislation passed today by the house   hr36  the pain-capable unbo…
rt  repdianeblack  icymi  107 of my colleagues joined my letter to  speakerryan   gopleader &  stevescalise urging them to do everything in…
rt  whitehouse   for this reason  i am asking congress to end the dangerous defense sequester and fully fund our great military    sotu   ht…
happy mothers day and thank you for all you do
received a congressional action survey  please mail it back by 8/28 in the provided envelope  no survey  no worries…
rt  natewin_network  thank you  repmullin for introducing and co-sponsoring the communications jobs training act of 2018 today in the u s …
chairman  mactxpress will release his  fy19ndaa  mark on monday  may 7 for markup on may 9 - ahead of that he releas…
as a marine   toysfortots_usa is one of my favorite charity organizations  to learn more about the history of toys…
proud to have great teachers like  mcgaugheyj in our missouri-03 schools  congratulations on becoming  milken award…
glad to see the alternatives to opioids program has been successful in co hospitals  i m supporting the a l t o act t…
1  lower tax rates for all americans with lower tax rates  americans in every community will be able to keep more…
the hatred and bigotry on display in charlottesville is unacceptable  these acts do not represent america 
rt  aleksbushnews  all gcs schools will be open tomorrow expect hampton  peeler  erwin and mcleansville   myfox8
rt  houseappropsgop  tuning into one of today s 10 subcommittee hearings  you can watch all proceedings live  find our full schedule here …
tonight at 5 pm the committee will consider the following measures  - h r  2954 - home mortgage disclosure adjust…
new special counsel necessary re fisa abuses & misconduct related to how/why clinton probe ended & trump-russia pro…
two million americans moved from welfare last year  an improved economy  good jobs  and higher wages helped millio…
my statement on the president s comments to announce tariffs on steel and aluminum  putting new taxes on aluminum…
i stand with you on this   realdonaldtrump 
rt  waysandmeansgop  ohio representative  boblatta is hearing from his constituents on how they will spend their extra   from tax reform  o…
had the opportunity to catch up with frmr  picatinny_nj bg patrick burden  now running  usarmy it  thanks for all y…
today  the house judiciary committee voted for individual liberty  this bill provides important limits on the gover…
rt  houseappropsgop  read chairman  usreprodney s full statement on h j  res  123  a continuing resolution funding the federal government t…
proud to support missouri s biggest industry on national ag day  always great to get back home  focus on farms and v…
it s essential that congress fulfills its most basic obligations to keep the lights on and defend our nation  there…
for the last two decades  paul ryan has selflessly served our country  and his character  integrity  and leadership…
here is video of the house floor debate on the wounded officers recovery act   capitolpolice  usrepmikedoyle
happening now  at gop conference where  speakerryan just announced he will not seek re-election 
rt  c4show  md  cong   repandyharrismd joins the show now to discuss the u s  senate budget bill   c4show
rt  ssnalerts    repdennisross showcases his  financial stability oversight council improvement act  proposal   ssn… 
there is nothing like a mother s love to give us all we need to succeed  wishing great happiness to my wife heidi…
texas delegation secures  15 billion in disaster funds in emergency funding bill
rt  aasahq  tomorrow at 2pm on capitol hill  dirksen  430   we re hosting a press conference for public schools week  can t make it in per…
florida - you re in my heart and prayers 
very saddened to hear of the passing of louise slaughter  she was a close partner on efforts to combat human traffi…
stop by our fredonia office hours today  details here 
tune in 
remember when democrats were against government shutdowns  we do  buckle your seatbelt  we re about to take a trip…
  johnnypwhite thanks for you question  for info on internships  visit ask buddy
in clearfield this morning at grice gunshop with a record turnout for the grice annual 2 amendment rally with stat…
today marks the 5th anniversary of the explosion in west  we will forever remember what the citizens of west have b…
the port of charleston is vital not just to the lowcountry but our entire state and region and should be funded as…
this week s  tvt  features korean war vet william bilson of modesto  who shared countless stories with my office as…
in the albuquerque area & interested in being nominated to attend a u s  service academy  stop by the albuquerque h…

this morning  i attended  transport s hearing where secretary of transportation elaine l  chao discussed president…
thanks  twinschamber for hosting an informational meeting today on the tax cuts and jobs act  did you know this bill p…
read my full statement on  potus announcement to withdraw u s  from the iran deal ---&gt 
rt  repjohnkatko    target acted with great optimism & confidence during tax reform talks to increase minimum wage for employees  indeed  t…
today i introduced legislation to honor fallen marine sergeant dietrich schmieman of west richland  our country owe…
north korea  tax reform  and more  check out my interview with  khqa from this week 
breaking  the house just passed sweeping changes in harassment claims policy on capitol hill  something i ve been a…
congrats karter &  dcyclonezone   what a great way to represent iowa s first district- keep up the hard work   stem… 
looking forward to it  frank
just announced  we will host our final oversight hearing with  uscbo next wednesday  march 14th  more info here→
h r  5261  teach to combat addiction act has passed the full cmte by voice vote
glad to see that the lake maude project can go forward so floridians can enjoy it  congratulations on this step for…
i had the high honor of speaking to over 150 members of central new york s law enforcement personnel at the upstate…
rt  oxfamamerica  these countries are experiencing severe food crisis  find out more about what oxfam is doing to fightfamine 
happy international womens day
rt  realdonaldtrump  today  the u s  flag flies at half-staff at the  whitehouse  in honor of national pearl harbor remembrance day 
i enjoyed speaking with mayor terry nolan  supervisor tom thurman and everyone at mama s kitchen today …
community leaders to earn recognition during hispanic heritage month festivities
rt  vachair  today we pay tribute to the men and women who serve the united states armed forces  thank you for your service  armed forces da…
thanks to all farmers & north carolinians for their hard work  every day  national agriculture day
 canvleagues thanks for stopping by 
talk small yall continued in arkadelphia with a visit to hamburger barn  it is a small business that is thriving and…
rt  natresources  working in a bipartisan manner is what the american people want and expect  today s markup included the passage of sever…
great news  h r  2152  citizens right to know will be brought to the floor of the house for a vote next week  bill…
disaster tax relief information for 2016 flood victims 
cruizers convenience marketplace and carolina country snacks - too much temptation  a   
no one s conscience rights should be violated - whether it s taxpayers being forced to fund abortions or nurses bei…
 u s  consumer confidence jumped to a 17-year high as optimism about employment prospects grew and americans began…
congrats to the jayhawks on an amazing season  thanks to svi and devonte  for an amazing ride the last four years …
our faith renews us and reassures us that she will live on in the hearts of all who knew her and that we will all m…
we are all wishing  hannahmrozak of richfield  wisconsin the best of luck tonight as she competes in the…
rt  freedomworks    repmarkwalker   start cutting spending—and don t stop  amp f w
no child  senior or mentally/physically disabled person will lose snap  work-capable adults will be expected to wor…
rt  oksenategop  honored to have congressman  tomcoleok04 visit with o k senate gop & share an update on health care  national security & fe…
it s national milk day  the dairy industry has created significant benefits for the economy of new mexico  let s app…
we are now considering h r  5483  special registration for telemedicine clarification act find all bills from tod…
cbo s most recent report for 2017 to 2027 outlays for mandatory programs were  2 4 trillion in 2016   133 billion m…
rt  natresources  h r  23  repdavidvaladao s grow act passes  californiawater
just released another update on the tax cutsand jobs act focusing on the medical expense deduction  learn more here 
with the administration s recent announcement placing tariffs on steel and aluminum  ways and means held a hearing…
growth in businesses both large and small can be seen thanks to the tax cuts and jobs act  every job is important i…
texans & americans are ready for a fundamental shift in our tax code through meaningful  pro-growth taxreform 
as we celebrate school choice week  it s important to remember the critical roles public  private  charter  and hom…
incredible to legislation that was signed into law just six weeks ago already having an impact  and i could not be…
north texans are helping those affected by harvey  visit for ways to support these efforts  texans helping texans
joined reps from  usace_buffalo   ohioepa   ohiodnr     tlcpa for a look at the at the great lakes dredged material…
today  we re moving two pieces of important legislation that i authored from the energy and commerce committee to t…
enjoyed meeting with instructors from  ladeltacc about the important role our community colleges and technical scho…
house republicans  better way plan will protect the principles of health care  accessibility  affordability  qualit…
schools are places that children and staff should go without fear and we must have an open and honest conversation…
rt  texasmsd  many thanks to  reprwilliams for recognizing our program on the floor of the u s  house of representatives today  full text a…
rt  gms_jaguars  girard middle school hosted the google online safety roadshow with congresswoman roby on march 28   wtvynews4  dariusmckay…
i m excited to be joining  speakerryan today at  homedepot  this is just one of the many georgia businesses that is…
god bless america 🇺🇸 sotu 
met with babak namazi  whose dad   brother are still being held by the regime in iran  glad potus is bringing home…
rt  justinamash  i will oppose  s139  and have introduced a substitute amendment consisting of the u s a r i g h t s act  unlike  s139   it limits th…
rt  stevescalise  proud to see my hero  colonel  repbradwenstrup  awarded with the army s distinguished soldier s medal at a ceremony today…
 michele31831 call 727-847-2411 for immediate help  apply for fema aid at
 waters of the u s   proposal and groundwater directive represent unconstitutional and illegal overreach
i am honored to receive the true blue award from family research council this year  i will always work to protect t…
rt  housecommerce  live now  sub energy and sub environment convene hearing on  fiscal year 2019 nuclear regulatory commission budget  &gt &gt  h…
rt  realdonaldtrump  best wishes to prime minister  netanyahu and all of the people of israel on the 70th anniversary of your great indepen…
it s small business week  thanks to all of you for working hard  making things  and building community  small business week
voted for bill to hold veterans administration employees accountable for not doing their jobs and mistreatment of our veterans
the  realdonaldtrump administration is absolutely right to go after lawless politicians in california for their dan…
at 10pm et tonight  we will see if senate democrats will block funding for the government and children s healthcare…
today  housejudiciary s ip subcmt has a hearing on safeguarding american trade secrets  i intro d the defend trade…
rt  tuffcowgirl83   repguthrie thanks for visiting with kentucky cooperative extension service  appreciate your leadership and continuous s…
great to hear  potus recognize the  legend of louisiana   my friend   stevescalise during  sotu  
pickerington native josh thiede has gone missing in the los angeles area  where is josh thiede   repkarenbass…
congratulations to the town of eden for being named one of the  100 safest cities in america   as the 23rd safest t…
tolling that could cost up to  10 per trip  that s the cost some people pay to drive in king co  here s a story on…
meeting with state rep  mary whiteford  allegan superintendent bill brown  and patrol captain scott mattice to disc…
house approves active forest management legislation to protect lives  livelihoods  and communities from wildfires 
visiting toronto apothecary this morning  their goal is bringing lower and more affordable prices to their customer…
rt  whitehouse   last year  i also pledged that we would work with our allies to extinguish isis from the face of the earth    we will cont…
we thank him and his family for their sacrifice and commitment to our nation and defending our freedoms
i m excited to hear president trump talk about a year of major accomplishments at  sotu   tune in 
rt  justinamash  this is not due process in a free society 
congratulations to zachary sanders of randolph  selected for 2017 junior fellows program  librarycongress 
soon the folks of perry county will get to step back in time and see what 1904 at the perry county courthouse was l…
my good friend   repbillshuster  has served the people of his district  the commonwealth of pa and the country ably…
joined  sunysflk  nccc   reppeteking & local vets to announce expansion of vetssuccess on campus to long island  th…
  senatorshaheen   i will continue to work across the aisle to emphasize that this disastrous and misguided decisio…
veils of secrecy only serve to protect the perpetrators  the house passed a bill to prevent taxpayer dollars from b…
on d e a take back day this saturday  we all can do our part to end the opioidcrisis by taking any unused prescription…
bergdahl betrayed his fellow soldiers   put our troops  lives at risk  what s the appropriate sentence  sayfie
rt  speakerryan  today  we hosted a memorial service in the capitol to honor rep  louise slaughter  the first woman in history to chair the…
it was great to visit with mayor hoyt today  the city of yucaipa is up to some great things   ca08 
another week brings more good economic news  from marketplace   the labor market is so strong that it s even drawin…
honored to celebrate 125 years of the  bgc_syracuse  as part of this occasion  the  jjb_foundation announced a sign…
happy 242nd birthday to  usnavy   thank you to all of our men and women who serve 
tomorrow  the railroads subcommittee will hold a hearing examining  oversight of the stb reauthorization act of 201…
this is a historic victory for alaskans  we have fought a long battle to open the 1002 area of anwr and after years…
very saddened over  repmcneill s passing  dan was a great guy who made sure that politicaldifferences didn t become personal  1/2
rt  doreyscheimer  rep  mike turner meets with steve staub  corey adams and sandy keplinger of staub manufacturing  they re all going to th…
rt  repwebster  our men and women in uniform have shown a level of courage and commitment to their nation beyond any measure  we owe them a…
coming up at 7 35am et  listen live here 
rt  foresters  saf is proud to have worked alongside a diverse coalition of orgs to help pass a fire fix  thank you to our champions in con…
great news from dyersville die cast  tax reform bringing more benefits to  ia01 
rt  senatortimscott  great news - the investing in opportunity act is moving forward   iioa 
rt  repgoodlatte  the music modernization act 🎶 is the first major update to our music licensing laws in decades  will help ensure american…
last night  the house passed the  right to try act of 2018   this bill authorizes the use of drugs not yet approve…
at 5 pm the committee will meet on s  585 - dr  chris kirkpatrick whistleblower protect act of 2017 
 n_foley_ egypt is our most valuable bulwark against islamic terrorists  we need to be supportive because it makes us safer
 sunupcrab stuart  fl
 otd  in 1814 francis scott key penned  the star-spangled banner   this poem was set to music and was named the nati…
rt  vp  today we join our great ally israel as they celebrate their 70th anniversary of independence  the miracle of israel s rebirth in he…
across the country  companies are providing new benefits  bonuses  and pay raises to their employees because of the…
illegal immigration poses a threat to our nation s economic & national security  i support president trump s effort…
congratulations to lt  martin from creve coeur for winning the drawing to attend the state of the union as my guest…
chairman  repdianeblack on house passage of taxreform   this is the day we have been anticipating for years  
enjoying  stevescalise s valentine themed logo today  i guess we should call it the  fleur-de-scalise  
last week  i stopped by  newsok to catch up with  _davemorris  we talked about the latest edition of my waste watch…
proud to be selected by  cityandstateny magazine for 2nd consecutive year as one of new york city s 100 most powerf…
rt  michpca  thank you  congressmandan for supporting health centers by signing bilirakis-green fqhc letter access is the answer fix the cliff
we are now considering h r  5002  ace research act find all bills from today s full cmte markup here &gt &gt 
this week we celebrate the engines of growth driving the us economy  our small businesses  almost 30 mill  small bu…
rt  peopleswloo  thank you for taking time to meet with us  reprodblum  we appreciate your support of community health centers and look for…
i joined a bipartisan group of pacific northwest lawmakers in sending a letter to interior secretary opposing oil a…
letter excerpt⬇️  one of the most disturbing aspects of the survivors  accounts is how this reprehensible conduct w…
rt  saracarterdc    vp  united states doesn t stand with murderous dictatorships  we stand up to murderous dictatorships   pence responding…
great meeting with  mayordavekleis and other officials from st  cloud to discuss important upcoming investments in…
it was great meeting with everyone   snap  serves many people in  oh07  and it s important to make sure those who nee…
agree  roanoke &  va06  are great places to live & visit  ➡️ roanoke named on tripadvisor s best small cities to vi…
today we honor the brave men and women – past and present – who sacrificed for our freedom  we cannot thank you eno…
rt  repgoodlatte  small biz plays a significant role in nearly every aspect of the economy  including health care  in  va06   front royal fa…
rt  speakerryan  in today s turbulent world  the historic alliance between the united states and israel is more important than ever  honore…
today  the house passed legislation fully funding the great lakes restoration initiative for next year   glri 
rt  apta_transit   transit and mass transit are important to my district and my constituents   rep   rodneydavis
as we look forward to  potus s  sotu  address  i m inviting  ga09  to join me monday at 7 20 for a conversation about…
great new from u s  bancorp
this week  i had the chance to announce and congratulate colorado s doodle 4 google competition winner  sawyer oja…
even after mandating alfie to death  the british government is refusing to allow his parents to take him home or to…
months after it was signed into law  the tax cutsand jobs act keeps helping hardworking americans   mcdonalds just an…
learn about how the house is improving access to legislative data -  ldtc17  is this tuesday  6/27 9am-4pm edt …
🎥 watch my boarding pass video for my weekly update 
rt  housejudiciary  bill to overturn last obama regulations heads to house floor midnightrules better way cc   darrellissa
congress passed legislation protecting young athletes from sexual abuse  the unreported abuse young women athletes…
major wins for iowa following the passage of the tax cuts & jobs act - utility savings  bonuses  pay raises  invest…
rt  foxnews2017  rep  ryan zinke  gen  james mattis is a warrior  via  youtube
last week i introduced a bill to ensure rural americans and missourians aren t left behind in the digital age  read…
it s been a busy week for my district staff  on friday  my glens falls staff hosted  ny21  advocates for alzheimer s…
rt  ajitpaifcc    senatorfischer  senamyklobuchar  repkevincramer &  collinpeterson lead 61 senators  130 reps in expressing  strong suppor…
rt  ap  u s  employers added a robust 200 000 jobs in january  and wages rose at the fastest pace in more than eight years 
the u s  & taiwan enjoy a strong economic relationship  i applaud taiwan s pledge to buy  2 8b in u s  grain …
jennifer and i are praying for mrs  bush and the entire bush family 
chairman  repkevinbrady statement on new w&m staff director gary andres ⬇️
press release  collins  firefighter cancer registry bill passes senate -
 frankpallone we can all do more to protect our environment  benefit our economy  and create jobs for our children…
 this pro-growth  pro-family tax reform bill will help you keep more money from your paychecks    
here is this week s  housefloor schedule from the  gopleader 
great talking to  treypaultv about the gov  shutdown  which the house voted to avoid by passing a clean spending b…
rt  auctnr1  investigators say 1 dead in tv tower collapse in fordland missouri  pbs  missouristate
law enforcement officers put their lives on the line every day  so this national police week  be sure to thank them…
wonderful message this morning at the sioux falls prayer breakfast  marine  mma fighter chad…
 hickoryschools thanks for having me  what a great group of students 
happy birthday to baseball legend jackie robinson  he would have been 99 today   a life is not important except in…
rt  miamisup  proud and grateful that  carloslcurbelo  roslehtinen and  mariodb are standing up for dreamers with this latest effort to br…
rt  teamcavuto  congressman rooney to neil  there is no integrity left within the walls of this committee  we have been turned into a sourc…
today is presidents  day  a day to celebrate presidents past and present  and a time to reflect on one of the grea…
senate democrats  oppose a bill they are not even opposed to    speakerryan made it abundantly clear  their behavio…
i had a great time appearing with  speakerryan on this facebook live on poverty  this archived link gives you a go…
the 2018 farm bill doesn t just tell  snap  recipients to go get a job  it helps them find one  the bill requires sta…
enjoyed my visit at dufrocq s career day   ebrschools
how do you round up nine grandkids  bake a birthday cake for jesus  christmas week is in full swing at the abraham…
looking forward to joining  loudobbs on  foxbusiness in just a few minutes - tune in 
 no matter the angle or view  it is always a beautiful sight to see the u s capitol dome   📷by cha intern meredith…
the coast guard plays an important role in managing the waterways of upstate new york  i joined one of their teams…
rt  cityofwestfield  partnerships from the local  state and federal level will help us build the workforce we need now and in the future   …
asian carp would be devastating to the great lakes  we must act now to prevent their spread
u s  taxpayers should not be subsidizing russia s nuclear weapons modernization  tcot
today i ll be standing w/ democrats and republicans of the bipartisan heroin task force as we put forward our agend…
be careful and watch out for thin ice if you plan on enjoying some ice fishing this winter 
everyone i know would help a friend in need  everyone i know would  at some point  expect their able-bodied  workin…
rt  wtmjsteve  going to be a great friday forum on  620wtmj radio at 11 07    congressman  repseanduffy and veteran pr guy evan zeppos join…
my deepest condolences go out to the family of mayor ed lee and to the people of san francisco 
when the people on the other side of the negotiating table are laughing hysterically amongst themselves at just how…
thanks to  idahoffa state secretary jenny b  for visiting my d c  office  great discussion about important ag indus…
joining  teamcavuto shortly on  foxbusiness - tune in 
can t make this up  schumer shutdown
first lady barbara bush lived bravely  her service to her country and as a champion for literacy will remain as her…
the tax cutsand jobs act dramatically improved the way smallbusinesses are treated under the code & has unleashed hu…
rt  soar_eky  enerblu is hiring  thereisafutureinappalachia
 niosha  magmclean1118  thelittlefella if a hb voter against me every time if i won every time i conclude that my views closer to hb voters
icymi  i spoke to the notion that tax reform benefits are just  crumbs  earlier on  foxbusiness with  teamcavuto  c…
watch live  chairman bishop participates in a joint press conference with puerto rico s resident commissioner…
why is it great news that 2018 is the last year families will have to file taxes under the old tax code  find out h…
with  exelon s recent announcement  tax reform continues to deliver a surge of savings for americans &gt &gt 
congratulations to  moniquelam7 and  jocelyneusa17 for winning the first olympic gold in u s  women s hockey 
great to visit with  flexprogram students from  mo07  high schools  i enjoyed hearing about their experiences in the…
in the words of george washington   almighty god  we make our earnest prayer that thou wilt keep the united states…
yesterday  potus signed h r  1865  the allow states and victims to fight online sex trafficking act  fosta  to prov…
but social security has been w/o a senate-confirmed commissioner since the most recent term expired over 5 years ag…
rt  acha_heart   repgusbilirakis  thank you for meeting with us this morning and for your leadership in the house  c h d advocacy a c h aonthe h…
 marqgrossman  aclu guess u would have sent jews back to hitler rather than giving them higher entry status because they were targeted
i was honored to receive the  uschamber spirit of enterprise award today  from the protecting seniors  access to…
as a supporter of an all-the-above energy strategy  i believe that power generators should rely on a diverse mix of…
appreciation your unwavering partnership to ensure safety issues important to flight attendants are heard & address…
the  housecommerce just started their committee hearing on the opioidcrisis you can watch it at…
yesterday i surprised  bnorthey with a flag i had flown over the u s  capitol the day he was sworn into office  gl…
a historic and exciting moment at the  whitehouse today celebrating the passage of the largest tax cut in u s  hist…
rt  freedomcaucus  the  freedomcaucus officially opposes the omnibus  statement attached 
joined  repterrisewell to introduce the bipartisan pa direct payment act to improve access to care in rural communi…
happy 150th birthday to boonton 
rt  capitaltonight    repchriscollins is pushing for reform to united states sugar policy when congress reauthorizes the federal farm bill…
today  texas celebrates san jacinto day  san jacinto day commemorates the decisive victory by general sam houston a…
must read via  wsjopinion   the unemployment rate is a low 4 1% but one reason for the shortage are government bene…
 cvs to boost wages and benefits following gop tax law   dcexaminer
barbara bush is a courageous lady who always faces life with full vigor  i hope her health improves  and i will con…
supported va reform legislation that  ✔ holds bad employees accountable ✔ protects whistleblowers ✔ appoints permanent va medical directors
 icymi  i joined  katunews this weekend to discuss our work at  housecommerce to combat the opioid crisis in or & ac…
good luck to stevens high school in the national science bowl  so proud of you   nsb2018   doe_sc_nsb
rt  rulesreps  at 12 15 pm  repkenbuck will be managing the rule on h r  1215 - protecting access to care act  watch the  housefloor live o…
read my statement on today s events 
  repdianeblack   our taxreform plan rightly provides tax relief for job creators  empowering entrepreneurs and sm…
read my op-ed in  townhallcom today about concrete steps we re taking to support hoosier families 
rt  madisoneaglenj   usreprodney frelinghuysen kicks off congressional app challenge 
proud to pass s 534 last night  for young athletes  sports facilities should be places of refuge  security & fun  u…
visited the university of alabama s joint electronic crimes task force lab which assists law enforcement in process…
rt  mihumanities   pol15   congressmandan michigan state champion coral brantly with congressman dan benishek this morning in dc 
next week  members of my staff will be holding mobile office hours in hancock  mcduffie  and morgan counties  if you…
thank you to  mo_farm_bureau for inviting me to speak at the annual meeting 
tomorrow is prescription drug take back day  find a local collection site to drop off your expired and unused meds 
 the complex global and domestic challenges facing the nation today require nsf investments  federal investment in…
happy birthday to my colleague from fl   tomrooney 
rt  rephartzler  it was a pleasure to speak with  officialrfdtv about the farm bill this week and how it maintains crop insurance  an impor…
look at these numbers --&gt  the tax cutsand jobs act is already working for everyday americans all across this country …
rt  natresources  after years of increased visitation and use  aging facilities and other vital structures are in urgent need of restoration
congrats  cvgairport and  wow_air   affordable direct flights between nky/cincinnati and iceland are now a reality 
✅ the house of representatives just passed the final version of the tax cutsand jobs act  now on to the senate and…
the bill takes meaningful action to modernize the irs information technology to better protect taxpayer s valuable…
 repmcneill he will be deeply missed by his constituents & his colleagues  pam & i send our prayers and thoughts to…
happening now   hascrepublicans readiness subcommittee hearing on  fiscal year 2019 energy  installations and envir…
our staff is hosting a tax prep workshop thursday  march 22 at the  mdpls west kendall regional library  stop by t…
rt  speakerryan  rt if you want senate democrats to stop this madness and vote to reopen the government 
rt  nmpaorg  thank you  darrellissa for supporting music creators by sponsoring the music modernization act standwithsongwriters
rt  gopoversight    repdesantis  we are here today to discuss the impending arrival of what was initially called an  immigrant caravan  and…
good discussion on manufacturing and tax reform at von weise in eaton rapids  thanks for giving me a tour of your f…
this morning i had the opportunity to join secretaries zinke and perdue at a usda roundtable meeting to discuss wil…
rt  legionindc  tomorrow  feb 27  from 8-11 a m  est  at the  americanlegion wash conf2018 commander s call  we will hear from  secshulkin…
this bill is the direct result of the input and leadership of law enforcement professionals like henderson county…
congressman griffith s weekly e-newsletter 9 4 17 topics  hurricane harvey and investment in the ninth
talking to  kenmatthews today at 2 30pm central about my mueller report published on yester…
rt  cheftai  both mayors of  cityofbryan &  cityofcs are here to represent our cities and make unison effort for our cities  and many th…
israel is one of our closest and most trusted allies  wonderful having minnesota aipac members in dc this week for…
rt  repkevinbrady  step 1  tax reform framework ✅ step 2  pass budget with  repdianeblack step 3  tax reform step 4  an american economy b…
every day americans are forced to budget and balance their checkbooks  and it is time that the federal government d…
i read memo and agree with my gop colleagues that it must be released to the american public  we demand transparency  release the memo
rt  housecommerce   sdut  reason member op-eds from chairman  repgregwalden   repbuddycarter   repjoewilson   repbillflores   genegreen29 …
we just heard from a senior in ocala who called our office worried the new tax law was going to harm him  we ran th…
where are you watching the solareclipse  peak time in ohio is at 2 30pm   oh12 
rt  speakerryan  get to know the house members from  waysandmeansgop   natresources  and  housecommerce on the conference committee negotia…
fantastic event  dr  adams  thank you for your excellent presentation and words of wisdom  together  can can all fi…
today  i visited w/ metro brokers dtc & new horizons primary care to discuss tax cutsand jobs act and the   impact on…
rt  adamputnam  here s the state farmers market in ft  myers  no doubt other homes & bldgs in area are damaged as much or more  prayers for…
your  fl18  staff will be available in fort pierce tomorrow to assist with any federal agencies and programs you mi…
thrilled we could welcome home kim dong chul  kim hak song  and kim sang duk from north korea and i thank…
will democrats shut down the government over daca  house republicans have voted to fund the government  for a six y…
great meeting with  zoa_national to discuss how we can continue working together to strengthen the u s-  israel part…
rt  follow_lander  two 11 000-pound black hawk helicopters touched down at lander university today as rotc students from lander   presbycol…
enjoyed stopping by sunset hills city hall yesterday and speaking with mayor pat fribis 
happy mother s day to all the wonderful mothers out there  wishing you all a blessed day 
please join me in praying for the victims  families  and first responders in new york city  let s stand together to defeat terrorism 
additional background on this year-long investigation  which is part of our overall efforts to combat the…
rt  nationalmining    epa  epascottpruitt-- the clean power plan is an enormously costly  agenda-driven regulation devoid of any congression…
icymi  my oped about how the gov s own rules are blocking people f/ getting off of disability via  dallasnews
victory for american taxpayers & the american economy  taxreform
great town hall in blackshear yesterday  thanks to all that joined  it s important to me to hear from you 
beautiful morning in sturgeon bay breaking ice aboard the  uscg cutter mobile bay  the cutter is one of seven coast…
i am pleased to announce that my office will participate in the 2017 congressional art competition 
for the proudest of texans  it s the most important day of the year - texas independence day  today above all other…
rt  carolynlochhead   darrellissa reaffirms oppo to tax bill   i oppose both proposals in their current form and i will continue to fight f…
rt  foxbusiness    repdavid   we have members here who have been working on this for 15 years  so  yes the stars aligned  it was possible  …
enjoyed keynoting the  michiganalumni congressional breakfast this morning  talked innovation  autonomous vehicles …
roskam honors palatine first responders via  townnews
i always call dyess a  crown jewel  of west texas  and today s announcement gets us one step closer to cementing th…
george soros s  18 billion fund to destabilize democratic countries is more dangerous to god given liberty than aco…
 speakerryan   speakerryan s achievements during his time in this role will benefit americans for generations to co…
harvey  federal government partnering with state and local must provide immediate resources & expertise for rescue …
the 2 300 page dodd-frank law is overwhelming community banks and hurting consumers in rural america via  newsok
students from  waukeecsd were in washington this week to show off their app  city recycle day   they won the third…
 defendourfuture  epascottpruitt but putting that aside  these scandals are an embarrassment  and they make it impo…
rt  tamuq  aggie muster will be held this saturday  april 21 at 6pm in lh 238  dinner to follow   our keynote speaker this year will be mr …
new york s wotus lawsuit threatens wny agriculture industry -
rt  natresources    interior is celebrating national park week with free entrance to all national parks on saturday  april 21  find your par…
rt  housescience  millions watched starman launch to space on  spacex falcon heavy  but outdated gov t rules might prevent the stunning ima…
 as market innovations continue to accelerate the development of autonomous transportation  noaa will provide the c…
happy birthday to the author of the declaration of independence & our 3rd president  thomas jefferson 
learn more here 
for my full statement 
today  i voted to pass the fy2018 budget and unlock the door to tax reform  to learn more visit —&gt 
rt  repsinemastaff    housevetaffairs committee saved a seat for pow/mia at today s hearing 
broward county sheriff scott israel on former  school resource officer of the year  deputy scot peterson  he should…
it s high time we restore oversight  fairness  and accountability to the irs  today  we ll vote to return customer…
the bill includes  108 8 million for e-verify as well as an additional  22 6 million to prepare the program to become mandatory 
rt  speakerryan  with tax reform working  93 5% of manufacturers have a positive outlook for their company  optimism amongst small manufact…
  shapoovie
rt  hurdonthehill  my  gopoversight it subcommittee will explore the continuous diagnostics and mitigation  cdm  program w/  repratcliffe …
rt  repkevinbrady  tomorrow is the last time you and your family will have to file taxes under a 32-year-old complicated tax code  starting…
rt  replahood  proud to support the bipartisan  fosta  bill  which creates a new federal crime for websites that intend to facilitate human…
rt  westerncaucus  great news today as  realdonaldtrump s administration cancelled another political  anti-mining action by the obama admin…
find letters of support for the  nwpaa  from groups like  nei  taxreformer  aflcio  naruc  us_nic  csgovts…
excited to be on air force one with the missouri delegation &  potus today and ready to hear the president speak abo…
house just passed a number of bills to help veterans w/ improved residency options  never forget their service 
good luck today to  bvschools blue valley west high school and pleasant ridge middle school at the  doe_sc_nsb nati…
rt  whitehouse  today marks the beginning of small business week  the  sbagov under administrator linda mcmahon has been committed to expand…
as we get closer to tax day  make sure that you aren t falling victim to any tax scams  if you need assistance  or…
yesterday  i joined paul miller of wphm radio to discuss passage of my bill  the stb information security improveme…
   and is one of the most qualified candidates  as well as the first woman  to ever be nominated  she also made it…
groundbreaking for over  20m  njnationalguard projects   an important step in the ongoing sandy recovery process    
left my cape back in lakeland 
rt  housegop  the american people are seeing the results of the tax cutsand jobs act  ✅ 500  companies have announced new benefits for worke…
it s small business week  thanks to tax reform businesses in nm & across the nation are growing stronger  contributi…
rt  repandyharrismd  listening to  secretarysonny discuss usda s budget priorities for fy19  you can watch the hearing live here 
great to visit the new fort mcclellan credit union on golden springs road  thank you to my…
touring the new thompson high school in alabaster  where students have access…
rt  billhaslam  in honor of dr  martin luther king jr  on the 50th anniversary of his death  flags at the state capitol and all state of te…
donated my first shutdown salary check today to catholic charities who are helping residents from pinhook build per…
i really hope  potus  realdonaldtrump is not waiting for another shoe to drop  as i suspect  regarding  secshulkin…
a quick pupdate on the annual  ducksunlimited dinner  🐶🐾🐶
tens of millions of americans have little or no credit score  this effectively blocks them from taking full advanta…
are you a north texas high school student interested in the u s  service academies  come learn more at our forum in…
 breaking   my bill to help create jobs in maine has just been signed into law  mepolitics
had the opportunity to visit spectro alloys in rosemount yesterday to tour their aluminum recycling plant & discuss…
glad to join in yesterday s ribbon cutting ceremony for the new ecs facility in huntsville where they ll provide tr…
rt  transport  scenes from this morning s coast guard hearing  chairman  repduncanhunter   repbrianmast  and  repgarretgraves
latest enewsletter  you can sign up for it here 
a fun  tbt  wishing my friend george w  bush  texas  46th governor and our 43rd president  a happy 71st birthday 
martha and i are saddened to hear about the passing of our friend and former first lady barbara bush  she upheld a…
rt  speakerryan  incredibly grateful to  repedroyce for his more than two decades of service to this nation  his leadership at  houseforeig…
reminder  my congressional app challenge is still open for nj11 student coders  sign up here 
h a p p e n i n g now   repmarkmeadows gavels in our full committee business meeting  📺⬇️
 beltonisd students are inspiring  it was wonderful to meet with such great young leaders 
pleased to be on  cspanwj this morning to talk about the importance of snap in the 2018 farm bill  farmers feed…
  repmccaul   when the secretary of  dhsgov testified before my committee we talked about closing legal loopholes …
i issued the following statement on the iran deal
rt  ngfa  thanks  repdavidyoung   reprickcrawford  and many others for your efforts to fix199 a  letter from 86 house members to republica…
big news 4 chronic lyme sufferers  w/ help of smith & wall advocate  house passed breakthrough legislation cures now
this is what happens when the government controls your health care decisions  they decide who gets to live  and who…
thanks for having me 
this week s come and read it report
 williamottens i just voted  pulling for you and the rest of the staff at the library  good luck 
rt  mocattle   rephartzler spent time listening to missouri cattle producers  great seeing her
i have introduced the  make sanctuary cities pay for the wall act  to defund sanctuary cities and use that money to…
rt  speakerryan  perpetrators of sex trafficking have used bad actor websites like backpage to expand their reach  pleased to see legislati…
thanks for a great visit 
i m still a  no  on either tax bill  i voted against the house bill because it would raise taxes on my constituents…
rt  housescience    housescience chair  lamarsmithtx21 this morning met with  astro_precourt  who presented him with a piece of glass creat…
debbie and my thoughts and prayers are with the family of the border patrol officer killed over the weekend  as wel…
really enjoyed talking to you all 
rsc steering committee reaffirms free trade principles -&gt 
rt  rephartzler  this morning in  hascrepublicans hearing we re discussing the ability of state actors  like china and russia  and non-stat…
president trump s first year in office has been one that invigorated the economy with the tax cuts and jobs act and…
rt  shanferrell  courtesy  ron_on_ron and  tom_fanning_ag1   hay donation dropoff locations  if you need help  contact your county extensio…
the dynamic duo strikes again 
remembering and honoring our canine soldiers who stayed close and kept service members safe on countless missions …
sensenbrenner bill is a  no-brainer  for taxpayers via  ntu 
rt  usmc  73 years ago today  marines on iwo jima raised the flag atop mount suribachi  semper fidelis 
as one of the only hoosiers in the delegation to vote against the disastrous omnibus and bipartisan budget act that…
   putinrf_eng  so  you can kill us better than we can kill you  that s real progress – now what   journalstarnews
humbling day honoring more than 220 vietnam vets in front of hundreds more friends and family in great falls 
memorable moment today at nw corner of 42nd & 2nd renamed for new york legend jimmy breslin -- old friend and one o…
this saturday  april 28th  the u s  drug enforcement agency will be hosting national prescription drug take back da…
education  prevention  and treatment are all critical factors in preventing the further spread of this terrible epidemic 
robin and i are always proud to support  hope4heather  we were glad to once again participate in the annual breakfa…
grateful  potus &  vp have made a more democratic latin america a priority  but congress must also do its part to h…
rt  houseappropsgop  the energy and water subcommittee is now meeting with  secretaryperry on the  energy dept budget  watch here 
in regards to the news reports concerning the train crash  congressman poliquin was on board  but is okay with a fe…
rt  americafirstpol  big thanks to  repandybarr  bill quigg of more than a bakery  & daniel harrison of  countryboybrew for a great discuss…
tomorrow is tax day - the last time you ll ever have to file taxes using the outdated code  read my piece in the…
rt  floorcharts  believe  repdavid broke a record yesterday for most charts used by a single member during a speech  by my count  20
  googleforedu joined us at  gomounts this week where students were introduced to coding  you can watch  brctv11 s…
but manufacturing of automatic weapons for civilian use has been banned since 1986 
today i was proud to join the vast majority of my colleagues in both parties in the people s house to pass the…
getting rid of  wotus   using congressional review act to end obama-era rules hurting the economy 
rt  houseappropsgop  also live now   reptomgraves chairs a financial services subcommittee hearing on the fy19 budget for  sec_news 
wishing a meaningful ramadan to all who will begin observing at sundown  may this month of fasting be a time of ref…
rt  titanprezvirjee  indeed  honored to work and collaborate with  repedroyce  a proud and lifelong titan alum  csufalumni also   csfcoa…
today i was honored to receive the  uschamber spirit of enterprise award  too often  washington can stand in the wa…
rt  riponsociety    repmarkmeadows calls for  action-oriented  agenda between now and november -
are you or someone you know interested in attending a military academy  representatives from my office as well as e…
god bless the men and women in law enforcement who protect and serve our communities every day  thank you for all y…
rt  housescience  today   housescience approved the  repbrianbabin s bipartisan  nasa authorization act  chairman  lamarsmithtx21   the…
it was a pleasure to attend the vidalia kiwanis club meeting yesterday  what a great start to the district work wee…
rt  repyvetteclarke    darrellissa and i are chatting with  mikeallen about our new smart cities caucus  follow along at  axios  axios360…
specialist gabriel conde gave his life serving his country  my thoughts and prayers are with his family  friends an…
now  the committee meets with  uscbo director dr  keith hall to discuss the agency s annual budget and economic out…
about to join  jasoninthehouse on  foxnews- tune in 
great meeting with you 
sent this letter earlier today  schumer shutdown withholds pay from our brave military men and women  this is uncal…
rt  tgowdysc  congress should not have to fight with the fbi to access information we are entitled to  we should not have to threaten conte…
he has risen   va10 
rt  waysandmeansgop  you ve said that you wanted to raise everyone s taxes  you ve been denying the great effects of tax reform for months …
rt  financialcmte  don t miss our hearing tomorrow w/testimony from  ustreasury secretary  stevenmnuchin1  watch live from our website
lots of exciting things happening under the gold dome as state legislators look to cut taxes for hardworking georgi…
i ve never phoned it in during 23 years of representing south jersey in congress & not about to start in my final y…
recognizing the trailblazing women around the world on international womens day
israel is one of our greatest allies  and instead of turning his back on them like the previous administration  our…
great to visit the kml carpenters training center for the open house & carpentry skills expo  i was proud to see so…
very relieved 702 intel bill passed today  it took a real effort but so important  thanks to all the members  from…
there is a small chance for snow this evening in enc - drive carefully and take necessary precautions 
happening now → talking about how to ensure latino student success in college and the workforce with…
rt  defpriorities  here s why authorization to use military force is so important via  gofastchuck  thehill
today i hosted a round table discussion in salisbury with  reptedbudd   local law enforcement officials  faith lead…
rt  virginiafoxx  was great to start off small business week on main street in elkin at elk pharmacy 
milcon subcommittee chair  repcharliedent  we make important investments in many va programs  including mental heal…
more is better  especially more benefits  bonuses  money  and jobs 
happening now   bobbyscott celebrates the legacy of civil rights pioneer barbara johns who  67 years ago this week …
wishing everyone a happy passover  may it be full of happiness  peace  and time with friends and family 
next week the house will be voting on my legislation to protect the fundamental rights of victims of sex traffickin…
rt  repdonbacon  happy to be an original cosponsor of a bill introduced by  repdesantis  the congressional accountability and hush fund eli…
sub health approved two of my bills today that will make medical treatment easier to access  read more 
this govt shutdown was a needless disruption of important programs  this exact agreement was offered last friday be…
rt  wsjopinion  sen  mcconnell should drop his threat to block rescissions affecting the omnibus  writes  repmarkwalker
in ny-1  we celebrate st patricks day all month long  this weekend  i had a great time walking in the westhampton  c…
i was proud to support the house budget that paves the way for tax reform  pleased the senate took the first step y…
happy national law enforcement appreciation day  a special thank you to the brave men and women in uniform who ris…
rt  lpca1  we are proud of the leadership shown by louisiana s congressional delegation  thank you for securing funding for community heal…
i visited the  highnoonclub in oklahoma city today to discuss the benefits we are seeing from the tax cuts and jobs…
 mccunnrylan hi rylan  i m leading the effort in the u s  house of representatives to fix 199a  take a look here 
thank you to the  pgpfoundation for allowing  repderekkilmer and me to speak at the fiscal summit  it is great to s…
pro-life members aren t just fighting for our own constituents  we re fighting for all people  far beyond our distr…
 so tonight  i am extending an open hand to work with members of both parties -- democrats and republicans -- to pr…
congressman leonard lance will again host his annual service academy information fair for 7th congressional distric…
i look forward to hearing how social security plans to speed up disability claims for certain veterans   how it s u…
the house worked hard this year and thoughtfully passed 12 appropriations bills  they re still languishing in the s…
the house of representatives is debating rep   justinamash s  usarights  amendment to  s139  now  watch   fisa702 
great tour of border last week  got full update on wall prototypes and new border enforcement technology  also view…
rt  wmaldc   icymi    replouiegohmert joined  larryoconnor to discuss president  realdonaldtrump s decision to fire rex tillerson 
tonight  america acted with our allies and demonstrated our commitment to preventing further violence against innoc…
president trump is right to assert that the assad regime s evil acts cannot go unanswered  and the nations that ena…
as a father of a type 1 diabetic  i am proud to co-chair the house diabetes caucus and work with medical profession…
i will continue fighting to ensure all those affected by the recent fires get the resources they need to recover  r…
a great question that i asked deputy ag rosenstein last month at  housejudiciary  check out his response …
congressman griffith s weekly e-newsletter  legend and stolen fame
rt  vanamorrone45    ivankatrump will be in rocky river  ohio tomorrow w/ us treasurer jovita carranza   senrobportman   repjimrenacci & m…
catch me tonight on  foxnews  nextrevfnc with  stevehiltonx at 9 40pm  steve and i will be discussing my new legisl…
released 18 hours before the vote  the omnibust was 2 232 pages long and no one had time to read the bill  this mu…
happy national small business week to our nation s 30 million small businesses  entrepreneurs  and innovators  when…
it s autism awareness month  did you know that 1 in 68 children are diagnosed with autism spectrum disorder  i am…
rt  kellanadventure   senangusking  reppoliquin  senatorcollins thank you for keeping our children a priority in the fight against cancer …
in minden for our vet town hall   10 am pt at the old court house  here until noon - encouraging all vets in the area to come join me 
i recently met w/ students at  wnmu about operating a business  while i was there  i left them w/ this piece of adv…
icymi   nationalbcc president harry alford &  conawaytx11  let s update the farm bill to help lift americans out of…
tonight at 5 pm the committee will meet on h r  1865  h r  4296  and h r  4607  watch the hearing live here--&gt …
the second fisa memo from the house intelligence committee has been released  read it here
thanks to  ntu for the support 
glad to know you made it through yesterday s storms safe  concerned if your daily tweet did not arrive in my notifi…
el narco estado que padece venezuela desangra al pueblo y enriquece a sus corruptos dirigentes  hay que impedir a…
it was an honor to receive the  spirit of enterprise award  from the u s  chamber of commerce for my support of pro…
under richard cordray s directorship  the cfpb has buried the economy and the financial services industry under an…
rt  stevescalise  all of us on the baseball field last june owe our lives to the bravery of these officers and the u s  capitol police offi…
rt  repratcliffe  watch as  tgowdysc and i discuss the strengthening children s safety act  which the house is voting on today 
we are committed to decreasing gov  dependency & helping snap recipients climb the economic ladder  by tripling the…
rt  barrington220  today congressman  peterroskam visited  houghstreet220 to honor one of our elementary stem teachers  mrs  mcdowell  for…
today the passover celebration begins  marking the incredible sacrifice and strength of the jewish people s faith …
  potus is right  no recess for congress until appropriations bills are done  i ve introduced legislation to make t…
i appreciated the opportunity to tour  chadronstate s rangeland complex which gives students the ability to gain ha…
breaking news → h r  1  the tax cuts and jobs act  just passed the house of representatives  this is the break midd…
in fact  the iran nuclear agreement was so poorly conceived and negotiated that the obama administration s motives…
my weekly newsletter highlights my commitment to keep working toward a  daca  solution  utpol
rt  jslovegrove  inbox   henrymcmaster will hold a press conference in ridgeway tomorrow morning to announce his submission of  opportunity…
great news for the future of our economy → 93 5% of manufacturers have a positive outlook 
elkins mayor  bruce ledford  gave me a tour of the town s newest additions  elkins sports complex and the updated e…
my staffer  emily  had a surprise today when her family drove from slatington  lehighco  to visit the office in dc…
great to have our salem intern george with us today  we toured tri-r-dies where he works part-time when he isn t in…
what are you doing tomorrow night  join my telephone town hall at 7pm cdt to ask questions & get an update from me i…
rt  eagleedmartin  in 5 minutes on 🦅the movement with  eagleedmartin us rep   petesessions of tx phillip l  jauregui of  judicialaction  sc…
  herrerabeutler s bill repealing an old ban on distilleries in indian country gets first hearing via  indianz
great to meet the  dhs_vikings science bowl team today  they placed 5th in the country at the national science bow…
good news  tomorrow is the last day you will have to file your taxes under the old and cumbersome tax code  thanks…
had the pleasure of meeting with  spclolympicsms and our incredible athlete  keyshana  this afternoon  you truly ar…
rt  speakerryan  on february 6  1911  president ronald reagan was born  happy birthday to the gipper 
constituent service is one of my office s top priorities  if you can t get an answer from a federal agency in a tim…
even more hardworking americans are seeing the positive results of the tax cutsand jobs act   chipotletweets announce…
rt  chadpergram  eugene simpson stadium in alexandria  va  members of the republican congressional baseball team return to the field today…
  housegop is focused on an agenda to grow the economy and create more opportunities for all americans and their fa…
great running into ambassador  nikkihaley—a strong advocate for america and our friends and allies in her role at t…
rt  gopleader  the us congress stands ready to assist the people of great britain in any way necessary 
rt  housecommerce  watch now  sub environment looks at the impact of wildfires in the west on air quality &gt &gt 
first time back on the field at 6am this morning in alexandria  proud of my teammates and the funds to be raised fo…
today marks a truly historic day  this is a major step toward giving americans the tax system they deserve and prov…
chairman  petesessions is on the  housefloor managing the rule for the omnibus  watch live on  cspan 
unfortunately  due to the timing of votes in the house this afternoon pertaining to the government shutdown i won t…
rt  nwademgazphotos  77 j b  hunt drivers celebrated for millions of safe miles  jbhuntdrivers  jbhunt360  jbhmm  at hq in  lowellarkansas  …
from my family to yours  have a blessed and happy easter 
 tgowdysc has been a staunch defender of our rule of law and a wonderful representative for the people of south car…
rt  waysandmeansgop  soon  tune in live to hear testimony from  ustraderep lighthizer on the administration s recent trade actions  includi…
rt  repbarragan  my bipartisan valentine is  repryancostello - we have cosponsored 52 bills & resolutions together  we also play against…
on 2/26/2018  western  pa  lost an honorable man and shining example of public service  sgt  mark j  baserman tragi…
thank you for having me   herrerabeutler  it was great to be there 
the results are in  a new  natlparkservice  report shows that 203 000 visitors to apostle islands national lakeshor…
tune in  i ll be discussing lowering prescription drug prices and  potus announcement on  foxbusiness shortly 
listening to president  realdonaldtrump discuss our policy priorities for 2018  🇺🇸
the last time unemployment was this low 3 9% was 2000 and there were 17m people on  snap   today  there are 42m peop…
pleased to meet w  marchformoms as we talked about the harmful impact of postpartum depression & anxiety for new mo…
utah has a long history of welcoming immigrants and refugees into our communities  we should continue to do so with…
best wishes for a blessed easter 
honored to attend the service this morning in memory of the late rev  billy graham at the u s  capitol  his tremend…
to round out the first panel  we now hear from steve ellis  vice president of  taxpayers to discuss his thoughts on…
  potus   in recent weeks  two terrorist attacks in new york were made possible by the visa lottery and chain migra…
rt  housescience  release  support grows for the nasa authorization act of 2018
it s time to implement positive train control  this is an amazing technology that will continue to improve the safe…
administration attempts to renege on gateway commitment are 11th hour b s  never expressed doubts or concerns befor…
our new tax code focuses on helping families get ahead  which is why it doubles the child tax credit 
overtime  the law was changed to allow state and local governments to extend social security coverage to their employees
great job aisha  congratulations on your historic three-peat 
going live on  woodtv at 6pm to discuss the schumer shutdown and my hope for a solution 
speaker ryan has been a thoughtful and effective leader for our conference and for his constituents in wisconsin  i…
rt  centralstate87  c s u bright minds central state87  repmiketurner  ohiohighered
rt  speakerryan  good news→ by a vote of 407 to 10  the house just passed the stop school violence act  which gives law enforcement  school…
rt  dodielondeneips  congratulations to brittany boccher  2017  armedforcesins military spouse of the year  her focus is children with spec…
rt  covnews    congressmanhice joins the call for cuts in spending and a balanced federal budget before it s too late 
rt  lhsd_wolves  lhsd enjoyed hosting  repwesterman yesterday  thank you for speaking with our students  l h wolf nation
icymi  see my statement on  houseintelcomm s decision to release the memo ➡️
rt  chesterfieldpd  lets go s t l cards  
for this month s episode of cole on congress  i was delighted to have my friend & colleague   hurdonthehill  join t…
no more shutdowns -- this type of political brinksmanship is unhealthy and no way to run a country  congress needs…
rt  _aedce  congratulations to all 6 members of arkansas s congressional delegation for being recognized w/a spirit of enterprise award fro…
time to end ridiculous criticism of ivanka trump filling in for potus  critics should just shut up & try to be fair  unless they re sexists 
rt  speakerryan  under the leadership of  repkevinbrady  the following members will serve on the house-senate conference committee  https /…
great visit with  louisianahba discussing regulatory reform  nfip  and infrastructure and workforce solutions 
rt  waysandmeansgop  hearing → next week the oversight subcommittee will focus on additional ways to confront and solve the opioid epidemic…
thanks for having me on 
  epascottpruitt looking to reverse  epa policy allowing regulators to rely on  secret science  to craft rules →
joining  foxandfriends live from indianapolis to discuss  realdonaldtrump s tax cuts   foxnews
small biz are hiring and investing because of taxreform 
in natural resource subcommittee on energy and mineral resources will hold an oversight hearing titled  the bene…
excelente encuentro con líderes de la comunidad colombo-americana donde conversamos sobre importantes temas de polí…
happy mothers day dedicated to my late abu mandy  a light of my life and my example as a mom and abuela  thank you…
it was an honor to assist mr  jerry reynolds of elko in recovering his grandfather s medalof honor learn more here 
rt  repkevinbrady  there is no denying it  washington has a spending problem  i support president  realdonaldtrump s decision to cut wastef…
rt  cdtcivilwar    rephartzler highlights russian troll attack during university of missouri protests at  hasc  hearing mizzou  cs_1950…
thank you to everyone who came out to  coffee with your congressman  today in ozark  i always enjoy discussing impo…
today we celebrate the national day of prayer  setting aside time for prayer and thanksgiving is a national traditi…
  congmikesimpson  this bill includes strong funding for nuclear energy  providing research and development to ensu…
live  ways & means subcommittee on tax  how tax reform will simplify our broken tax code for families & individuals
by updating federal it systems  we save taxpayer dollars  keep our information secure from cyberattacks & provide a…
rt  transport  read  repbillshuster s new editorial in the  washtimes   infrastructure is not a republican or democratic issue - it s an…
enjoyed visiting with leaders from west jefferson and graysville to hear about issues affecting their communities …
her devotion to her family inspires me  and her commitment to literacy and service inspired the nation  she has spe…
are you interested in an internship with my dc office  click here for details -&gt 
obamacare collapse continues as anthem pulls out of oh exchange  20 oh counties now join dozens more w/ zero aca insurance providers 
great to be at pegasus farm in hartville today  what an incredible facility that provides equine activities for per…
calling into  ksev700 at 7 45am central and talking to  chrissalcedotx about the massive spending bill  listen in t…
honored to meet gen  mark a  milley  chief of staff for the  usarmy at the army caucus breakfast this morning
rt  houseagnews  good read via  realjoehyde  sanangelolive   the idea is  if you re willing to help yourself  then we re going to take gove…
rt  repmccaul  as i have said before  americans deserve secure borders  i applaud  potus and  dhsgov s announcement to deploy the national…
amazing food at the sts  kiril and metodij macedonian orthodox church ethnic food festival in cedar grove 
dash strikes again  beautiful day watching alex bring home the gold in the 200 meter and soft ball throw 
at 12 30  repdougcollins will manage the combined rule for two  housejudiciary bills that restore congress  article i authority 
gottheimer and lance ranked among most bipartisan house members  pallone among the least - insider nj
i sat down for a roundtable discussion with the texas restaurant association in  tx10  to hear about the issues they…
rt  robertharding  gop  repjohnkatko will vote for final tax bill  touts  significant wins  for cny  ny24 
this march i encourage you to talk about colorectal cancer  it could be a conversation that may save your life  rea…
i had a wonderful time at  baps meeting his holiness and interacting with the hindu community of the 6th district 
thank you   ivankatrump for hosting a discussion on the fight to end sex trafficking  and my bill   fosta   traffick…
as part of our veterans history project  i want you to meet nicholas w  schouten of bedford  tx…
after spending a week with our military men and women  i am more confident than ever that we will win the fight to…
had the pleasure of welcoming  pactcoalitiondc this morning on capitol hill
happy national small business week to our nation s 30 million small businesses  entrepreneurs  and innovators  thank…
to our father  father-in-law and granddad  we will miss you but know this morning you are in the presence of the je…
posey s borinqueneers legislation clears the senate and heads to the white house  politics
great to jump on air with  25newsweek this morning to talk taxreform   ginamorss
happy new year  2017 was a memorable year   here s to 2018 
📺 live  tune in now to the  housecommerce zuckerberg hearing to watch me question  facebook ceo mark zuckerberg &gt &gt …
proud to be part of a powerful forum tonight on the campus of  andrewsuniv - celebrating the legacy of dr  martin l…
statement on declassified f i s a memo 
democrats in the senate continue to block a bill to fund the government  schumershutdown
women really do make history each day  thank you cynthia for all that you do to help entrepreneurs in  tx23   and co…
last night  i held a reception for the winners of the annual  ga14  congressional art competition  each year  i m sur…
kindly reminding  jerrybrowngov that he & the democrats are why ca has such high taxes to begin with—the real  horr…
i am aware of the situation in austin and continue to offer my assistance to law enforcement  i pray those injured…
are you a texas student interested in attending one of our u s  service academies  come to our forum in mansfield…
rt  lucasfoxnews   mactxpress on noko leader   i don t think he is suicidal but  certainly erratic  calls for greater us mil presence in re…
ownership and transfer of the remaining automatic weapons is a tightly controlled process 
today  i cannot be any prouder of his achievements and congratulate him on being confirmed to the 7th circuit court…
icymi  via  washingtonpost   ap  mepolitics
i appreciate the time people have taken to reach out to myself and other gop members involved in the train accident…
the house is addressing dysfunction in dc by demanding va accountability  ending harmful regulations  & limiting po…
rt  wtaptelevision 
i was proud to support the  universityofky in receiving this  4 9 million federal contract to provide needed servic…
great news that the senate passed 21 century cures today 
praying for all involved in today s florida hs shooting  our great law enforcement & first responders have been har…
rt  steveknight25  this past weekend i participated in a  hascrepublicans delegation to israel led by  repjoewilson  it was an honor to be…
good teachers are the reason why ordinary students dream to do extraordinary things  thank a teacher for their comm…
rt  housecommerce  today marks the one year anniversary of the 21st century cures act becoming law  🎉 c u r e sat one  read more about this lan…
rt  cathymcmorris  ✅ passed  rep   patrickmchenry s protecting consumers  access to credit act to clarify a recent supreme court decision &…
 1/2  over the next few months  i will be hosting telephone town halls for counties in eastern north carolina  this…
   services for special needs children and adults  and educational services such as the children s science center …
rt  uschamber  at futureof finance  rephuizenga expressing concern on the vanishing ipo   the years of layering and layering of regulation…
happy mothers day to my beautiful wife elaine  my daughters and daughter-in-law  and every mom  thank you for the un…
rt  4geeman  s/o 2  repjbridenstine   thx 4 being  spartancollege here  tulsaairports  as education is the pilot of prosperity rt
good news  the house just passed the 21st century cures act  cures now
rt  jackrcline    kunews chancellor doug girod crossed paths with  kujournalism alumnus  repdlamborn of colorado  cc   kualumni
rt  housegop    potus  and we are serving our brave veterans  including giving our veterans choice in their healthcare decisions  last yea…
rt  foxnews    repmiketurner on the  thedemocrats  memo   there s not going to be one sentence that s going to change the fact that  hillar…
today is national adoption day  a day to raise awareness of the almost 110 000 foster children in need of a family…
this past week my office was honored to be present providing veteran resources at american legion post 166 s vetera…
this national police week  we ll also vote on three bills to support our country s law enforcement by providing reso…
americans must support trump afghanistan doctrine  military authority  dont tell enemy our plan  kill islamist terrorists  pressure pakistan
fast fact  rep  sensenbrenner is on pace to hold a total of 113 in-person town hall meetings in 2017
for far too long  congress s refusal to act on e-fairness has disadvantaged main street businesses and local govern…
during an oversight and government reform committee hearing today  i questioned the cio of irs on fafsa data breach 
watch live  full committee markup
to date  i have only seen a few thousand of the 1 2 million documents  housejudiciary requested from the doj  give…
thank you to the coshocton county vets who participated in the veterans history project yesterday  honored to meet y…
rt  cnnimpact  today is holocaust remembrance day - set aside for all of us to remember the horrors of the holocaust  never again
rt  waysandmeansgop  on april 25th w&m will hold its third hearing on the  jobs gap   details ⬇️https //t co/jkbzmzrjmy
we cannot avoid action any longer  we must secure our border & create a permanent legislative fix for  daca  recipie…
our troops put their lives on the line to defend this country – to defend us while we sleep safely in our beds at n…
london attack is wakeup call to end pc  sup ct must restore potus power to restrict entry from countries w/ many terrorists & poor security 
some are upset because we passed largest taxcut in us history  they think it s washington s money  i couldn t disa…
good news for those impacted by severe flooding this past july  please contact my office with any questions on this…
inaction s not an option  something must be done to address downward spiral of aca  i voted to move process forward…
happy international womens day   i m grateful for the many strong and intelligent women on my staff working hard for  mn02  
rt  uscapitol  rt to thank the u s  capitol police for their service  law enforcement appreciation day
rt  latinomuseum  thank you  repnewhouse for your support & presenting our legacy award to  roslehtinen at the  alia2017  
  tgowdysc  a criminal justice system that is both fair and perceived as fair  that is both respected and worthy of…
law enforcement officers put their lives on the line to protect our communities  thank you for your service today a…
more good news ---&gt  tax reform is driving record optimism and plans to expand among america s small businesses …
as a proud eagle scout  i m honored to welcome the  boyscouts to the  uscapitol to  report to the nation  
i m pleased & thankful  governorkayivey committed to widening i-565 during her visit to h ville yesterday  easing t…
rt  bmalliance  chairman  peterroskam speaks about bipartisan efforts that could improve health and reduce costs medicare2065
rt  wymt  kentucky lawmakers talked tuesday about what they hope to hear from president trumps first state of the union address 
the trump administration decision to undermine safety rules for offshore oil drilling is reckless and unacceptable …
the average commuter will spend  438 on gas taxes this year thanks to sb-1  a  96 increase over last year  higher g…
we passed all 12 of our critical funding bills in the u s  house – marking a significant accomplishment for the  houseappropsgop
as i travel to each corner of my district  i hear from workers and families who are optimistic about the new tax cu…
my office is now accepting entries for the congressional art competition  more info can be found here 
rt  houseforeign  house today condemned persecution of christians around the world  video of  repedroyce s remarks prior to vote 
  google s mission is focused on a purpose rather than a business goal…it leaves room for employees to innovate  g o p future
i m looking forward to hearing from sw wa residents at my first telephone town hall of the year  monday  jan  22   …
last night  i used demographics to highlight one of the greatest threats to our society--out of control spending 
great afternoon answering questions from students from the national newspaper association intern fellowship program…
the american people expect congress to responsibly address our growing debt while also strengthening our national s…
house passes bill to sanction iran  russia and north korea 
rt  houseappropsgop  the fy18 omnibus makes the largest investment to date - approximately  4 billion - to fight opioid abuse  which  potus…
statement on iran nuclear deal -&gt 
to everyone celebrating the final night of hanukkah in western  pa  and across our country  i hope you and your lov…
rt  westerncaucus    replamalfa discusses latest news & passage of his electricity reliability & forest protection act  watch here ➡️
rt  cspan    repmccaul on austin bombings   these are heinous hateful acts on innocent americans and they will not be tolerated  i know the…
want to keep up on the latest legislative happenings in washington and news from across  va05   check out our weekly…
rt  grownebraska  guess who stopped by today  u s  representative adrian smith came to our kearney store to meet nebraskan business owners…
rt  derekwillis  do you like crs reports  because language telling the library of congress to make them available to the public  including…
let s work together - democrats  republicans & independents to provide smart healthcarereform problem solvers caucus
michigan picked the state christmas tree – a 63ft blue spruce – from the up this year   upnorthlive

currituck & dare counties  don t forget i m hosting a teletown hall tonight  to join  please call 888-480-3626 star…
such a neat opportunity to hear about the research being done at sdsu  everything from the impact of hope to a new…
was great to start off small business week on main street in elkin at elk pharmacy 
  houseintelcomm investigation will correctly now end  bc no trump-russia collusion found  do you agree a criminal…
last week  i traveled to india with several of my house colleagues for a congressional delegation trip  it was wond…
my rifle in the army was very similar to the ar-15-style semiautomatic weapon used to kill at marjory stoneman doug…
chairman goodlatte met with the nashville songwriters association today to discuss music licensing--and hear some t…
i met with  impapower to discuss the importance of a reliable and resilient power grid and future infrastructure pr…
  reprickallen & i had the opportunity to meet w/ & take a few questions from students  parents & teachers of…
as a strong supporter of israel  it was my pleasure to meet mr  guy gilady  a deputy consul general for israel  tod…
attention high school students - i m hosting a military service academy information night on monday evening in tole…
sometimes flight delays lead to new friends 
rt  jessicaasmith8    replukemesser   tedcruz and  betsydevosed at school choice rally  messer says  when parents have a choice  kids have…
enjoyed visiting  lowes in adrian today to meet with employees and tour the store  it was great to hear about their…
at 4 15  i will join  mactxpress and my  hascrepublicans colleagues in a press conference on the budget agreement 
congratulations to skip thompson of decatur on his appointment to the tva board of directors 
the house va committee is holding a hearing about the implementation of the veterans access  choice  and accountability act of 2014  vets
most importantly  the new tax code allows families to make choices on how they spend their money  rather than laund…
day 13 for 31 reasons4 tax reform→ pro-growth taxreform will boost wages 
today i met with burr and rosella mosby who own  mosbyfarms in auburn  during small business week  let s support loc…
update  gop leadership called for a special national security meeting to discuss defense funding so i will unfortun…
great to have the  evergfoundation in dc today to discuss the important work that still must be done to restore cle…
yesterday i introduced the runaway and homeless youth and trafficking prevention act  rhytpa  with  repjohnyarmuth…
did you know  evergladesnps  bigcypressnps are both in  fl25   visit one of florida s 13 national parks on saturday…
no parent should ever have to wonder if their child is safe at school  this bill seeks to provide the funding neces…
rt  cathymcmorris  real people will see the benefit of the tax cuts& jobs act  from small business owners to working families to single moms …
 diamondandsilk why is it now in this country what used to be wrong is now right 
always good to sit down with  ga_cattlemens and  gafarmbureau to talk about big issues impacting our farmers and pr…
join us tomorrow night beginning at 7 20 p m  edt for our seventh  va05  interactive town hall meeting of 2018  sign…
rt  scports  welcome home  the cranes have arrived at wando welch terminal  theworldconnectshere chs52
i appreciate president  realdonaldtrump signing historic tax reform into law today to create new jobs  bring jobs b…
according to  ssworks  social security can never go bankrupt   reality  the ss admin  says…
rt  repstefanik  at today s  hascrepublicans hearing  i asked our witnesses how we can best utilize the culture of innovation at the depart…
please join me in praying for the family of police officer chase maddox and the quick recovery of the two officers…
rt  riceunews    riceuniversity s dean of undergraduates  john hutchinson  speaks at this morning s forum hosted by  judgetedpoe   reppete…
it s time to take a stand against websites that facilitate illegal prostitution and sex trafficking  this week  the…
rt  wgxanews    austinscottga08 honors eight middle georgia students heading to us military academies
i am absolutely horrified and heartbroken by the reports this morning of the killing of one of our brave law enforc…
are you a high school student interested in attending a united states military service academy  come out to one of…
rt  repjohncurtis  did you know that there are nearly 280 000 small businesses in utah  i m working hard on  housesmallbiz to help every si…
navigating the federal bureaucracy isn t easy – so we often intervene on constituents  behalf to find solutions or…
early this week i went to see the state of our va facilities after the hurricanes in puerto rico  damage has been l…
thanks to representatives from the alabama metalcasters for swinging by today to discuss how federal rules and regu…
honored to be joined by my guest  debra manjarrez  for  potus  first state of the union address  deb and her husban…
 mn02  important for our neighborhoods  i m working hard to get the juvenile justice reform act  which passed the ho…
i m glad to see the supreme court uphold the legality of the inter partes review process - this is an important too…
rt  housecommerce  full cmte convenes first of two markups on legislation aimed at combating the opioid crisis along with consideration of…
h r  5554  animal drug and animal generic drug user fee amendments has passed the full cmte by voice vote - we unde…
every community needs a facility like the eagle s healing nest  their work to whole-heartedly serve minnesota veter…
attended the greater toledo right to life breakfast this morning  so many people in attendance that are committed t…
camden & pasquotank counties  don t forget i m hosting a teletown hall tonight  to join  please call 888-480-3626 s…
taking questions before my friend  replarrybucshon gives some remarks on what energy and commerce committee is work…
great news   hudgov has issued an additional allocation of community development block grant-disaster recovery fund…
looking forward to welcoming south jersey high school artists & families to ocean city music pier tonight to announ…
 wimsatweets for years  joy has been closely involved in helping maine veterans in numerous ways  i am very honored…
had a good and productive conversation this afternoon with nancy ross  emergency response and crisis specialist at…
yesterday  my bill  dafa  was included in the hurricane supplemental bill and will soon be signed into law  i m gra…
cindy and i offer our thoughts and prayers to the trump family in light of the hospitalization of vanessa and other…
californians have stayed late  picked up extra shifts and worked hard only to find themselves with less & less to s…
the tax cutsand jobs act is pro-family legislation because it expands the child tax creditfrom  1 000 to  2 000  an…
as jewish community across our country start to prepare for passover  i would like to wish everyone in the jewish…
 replizcheney is managing the rule to provide for consideration of the department of defense appropriations bill  watch live on  cspan 
take a moment to watch & hear why i voted to allow the average sw wa family of four to keep  2 385 more of what the…
workforce development and medicare fee schedules were the topics of discussion during a meeting this week with sd c…
as pioneers of industry and champions of human rights  women have played a critical role in the advancement of our…
today s first responders friday is highlighting the ashville fire department  thanks for all…
rt  housecommerce  live now  sub energy hears directly from  secretaryperry during hearing on  the fiscal year 2019 department of energy bu…
truly enjoyed meeting daley fitzpatrick & danielle chimenti today to discuss the  specialolympics &…
rt  brihollisnews  a fitting tribute to detective jason weiland 
i m a co-sponsor of the p r o t e c t act  the bill  introduced by  repjohnrutherfordfl today  will extend the moratorium…
with congress &  potus delivering on a promise to help americans keep more of their hard-earned money by enacting t…
rt  housegop    potus  and we are serving our brave veterans  including giving our veterans choice in their healthcare decisions  last yea…
when it comes to the contentious issue of immigration  love it or hate it  the president showed bold leadership ton…
2018 farm bill modernizes  snap  asset limits  some of which haven t been updated since the  70 s  the more people wo…
rt  housegop  the 2018 farm bill is all about empowering everyday americans to get off the sidelines and into the 6 6 million jobs available…
  jim_jordan  we need to hear how these and other issues will be resolved  the american people are tired of this pa…
  rephensarling  artificially low interest rates may have benefited some on wall street  but they haven t been part…
i missed the track meet but a dear friend  thanks shawn dewitt😂  sent these to me  good job…
congratulations james paxton on throwing a no-hitter last night  you made us mariners fans proud  go m s   mariners  ⚾️
our military has been weakened and diminished over the last several decades  this has left our troops    all of us …
i wrote  potus  with my zero-cost solution to america s infrastructure problem
a lot has changed at  mcdonalds since my first job in 1986  but they are still giving their workers the opportunity…
from my family to yours  have a blessed holiday season and merry christmas 
congratulations to coach rob perpall and  seafordhspride vikings football team on winning the long island football…
as co-chairman of the ahmadiyya muslim caucus i met with two long island representatives of the ahmadiyya muslim co…
traditional  linear approaches to health care innovation are challenged by more human-centric models  receiving mor…
thank you to  susanwbrooks and  gopleader for their leadership in helping to ensure the safety of young athletes as…
kicked off the 7th annual  mo07  manufacturing tour at  elemoose_exists  clients include toy story land at…
rt  gerritd  zuckerberg is heading home with his own copy of the constitution from rep jeff duncan
president trump s address presented to the american people the accomplishments of his administration from the past…
rt  mariashriver  bonnie reiss was a true public servant  a life force and a light to all who loved her  she wanted to make the world bette…
would you like your artwork hung in the united states capitol  enter the congressional art competition  learn more h…
my full statement on the administration s recent announcement regarding the iran deal 
 rep  luke messer pushes for federal agencies to only consider citizens  legal residents for funding  via  washtimes
america s comeback has finally arrived  wages are rising  isis is in retreat  the economy is roaring and the future…
started off this morning meeting with a group of pastors in gloucester  i hope you join us in prayer for our nation…
the 2018 farm bill makes investments in rural broadband and authorizes usda to help address the opioid crisis and es…
incredible  footballuga  georgia strong  see ya in atl  go dawgs rose bowl u g a
farmers are the backbone of america- their crops provide food on the dinner table  jobs in our local communities  &…
i attended a ceremony at  arlingtonnatl cemetery to dedicate the new vietnam helicopter pilots and crew member mon…
rt  bryanisd  thanks again to  repbillflores for speaking to johnson elementary 4th-graders about the federal government today  the inquisi…
happening now   waysandmeansgop markup to repeal obamacare s ipab & improve seniors  access to medicare  live here 
speaking at an infrastructure week event in front of the capitol  today we stressed the importance and urgency sur…
closures  schools  offices close due to potentially icy weather
good luck to those teams participating this year s nsaa state boys basketball championships 
the people of iran deserve the support of the united states in their fight against an oppressed theocracy 
on the 226th anniversary of the bill of rights  we recognize and celebrate the individual freedoms guaranteed to us…
yesterday  betty & i had a great time learning about the forestry industry which employs approx 44 000 people in ga 
former dnc chair  who hired pakistanis to manage her us congressional email accounts  introduces bill to perform ba…
why is the u s  senate trying to bailout obamacare health plans – including some that just gave employees  1 000 bo…
 reptomemmer  waysandmeansgop thank you  i look forward to the work ahead 
on veterans day  we pay tribute to those brave men and women who have served our nation in uniform  on so many ba…
rt  housecommerce  e&c takes its work home to combat the opioid crisis during two week district work period &gt &gt 
we re live with  epascottpruitt in  housecommerce  click the link to tune in 
rt  jecrepublicans  chairman  reperikpaulsen highlights how taxreform has strengthened america s economy and made our exports are even str…
maryland student athletes are making history this march madness  go  umbc  
rt  vp   2/2    he was a courageous pilot & an inspiring american whose service will never be forgotten  will be praying for his family  fr…
so good to talk with steven today about the need for consistency/predictability in our support for science  he s a…
as i believe most south jersey residents & americans do  i prefer to let ongoing investigations into russian interf…
a must read by  orrinhatch  it s time to stop playing games and confirm this outstanding judge 
thanks  varneyco for having me on  foxbusiness today to talk about the u s  budget and our federal spending priorit…
due to the winter weather in washington  our dc office is operating with limited staff  if you d like to contact my…
tax cutsand jobs act creates a simpler  flatter & fairer tax code  it puts more money in the pockets of hard-working…
in warren county visiting the sheffield hospitality center & the  vita  program where retired individuals are assis…
illegals are determining american domestic policy & are represented in the united states congress  american citizen…
the house just passed our bill  the lt  osvaldo albarati correctional officer self-protection act of 2017  which di…
this month we honor servicemembers  and their families  for the many sacrifices they have made for our nation 
icymi  the margin protection program  mpp  is failing dairy farmers in my district   repabraham and i sent a letter…
for the last 3 yrs   houseagnews has been working around the clock to craft a farmbill that meets the unique needs…
a typical family of four earning the median family income of  73 000 will receive a tax cut of  2 059  the average…
great story on how  carnivalcruise c f o  chief fun officer    shaq got  va05  resident darian lipscomb to hand over…
tax reform has the economy booming again and americans have more money in their paychecks  the last thing we need t…
for years  websites like backpage  com have offered a free platform to post ads for commercial sex  these ads are a…
the failure to prevent a shutdown is unacceptable  but i m hopeful a compromise can be reached this weekend  congre…
i just finished a great lunch meeting with the dothan kiwanis club  we discussed a number of important topics  incl…
rt  waysandmeansgop  tomorrow is the last day you will have to file taxes using a broken  outdated taxcode  check out five ways the new ta…
tomorrow is the last day of our complicated and outdated tax code   waysandmeansgop chairman  repkevinbrady is ta…
i enjoyed speaking to the 84th annual kentucky state convention of children of the american revolution yesterday mo…
rt  rrstar  on wednesday  wear jeans to raise awareness about sexual violence and prevention in rockford 
one of the most serious issues facing our state hardly ever gets the attention it deserves  i m talking about the c…
i m participating in a panel discussion on empowering women through conservatism as part of womenshistorymonth  yo…
rt  littleleague  6 games remain  6 teams remain   llws 
jennifer and i are praying for her tonight  and the entire nation joins with the bush family as they grieve her los…
rt  housecommerce  sub health just wrapped up our two-day legislative hearing examining 25 bipartisan health solutions to combat the opioi…
in georgia  2017 obamacare rates are set to ↑ by another 33 % on avg  time to ditch this broken law  gapol
around the globe  people were wondering what our response to the barbarism of the assad regime would be  innocent m…
our local leaders in western north carolina are doing an incredible job leading the way to fight the opioid crisis …
rt  repseanduffy  happy to have have father-son day in dc with patrick 
thank you arkansas american legion for inviting me to join you today at your american legion winter conference  gre…
the 2018 farm bill continues our work to help more americans out of poverty and into the workforce by promoting appr…
i am pleased to announce the following dates for the fourth district s academy days  high school students are invit…
happening now   hascrepublicans hearing on  security challenges in europe and posture for inter-state competition w…
more companies teach workers what colleges don t    hard work u jobs
rt  housegop    repandybarr   senschumer  where is your head  it is not only reckless but it is wrong to jeopardize access to health care f…
if you want to know when the government will reopen  ask  senschumer  time to put partisan politics aside & the ame…
now that i m back on  twitter  i want to officially welcome my friend  miamimayor francis suarez bienvenido   ff  follow friday
it has been 31 years since the last overhaul of our nation s tax code  so these fundamental reforms that lower taxes are long past due 
the schumer shutdown accomplished nothing - it kept funding from sick children  risked pay checks for our troops &…
now that march madness is in full swing  i want to wish the best of luck to  ohiostatehoops who made it to the big…
reminder  i m hosting town hall meetings in jefferson and sussex this weekend  i look forward to listening to your…
i am overjoyed to hear that the  missourisenate has followed our lead and passed  fosta   thanks to senators…
today we remember the surprise attack on pearl harbor 76 years ago 
america will be a leader in medical innovation & eradicate so called  incurable  disesases  cures act  housecommerce
 housecommerce as a member of the energy and commerce committee  i m committed to combating the opioid crisis in ou…
leadership deeds not words
the facts are clear  the state of the union is as strong as  pa  steel  our economy is roaring  american optimism is s…
happening now →  repannwagner chairs our hearing on oversight of the federal housing finance agency 
rt  lead1acom  good to see  reploubarletta  former baseball ⚾️ student-athlete  bloomathletics  at the  uscapitol today  thank you for your…
view my opinion about the iran deal  its time to be get tough with iran  nuclear and missile development will not b…
my deepest condolences to the families and friends of the members of the puerto rico national guard who tragically…
tax reform works  you can see how tax reform will help you and your family at
rt  talk1073   breaking 
with my friend  betty cardenas  thankful for her work on the pray jones service 
rt  wastatepatrol  troopers are wearing black mourning bands in honor of pierce county deputy daniel mccartney who lost his life in the lin…
rt  business  senate democrats block gop funding plan as shutdown kicks in
last week  i met with members of the agriculture community in sanilac county to talk about the upcoming farm bill 
yesterday  i met with a group of students from  gilmouracademy  we had a great discussion about what it s like to b…
rt  rollcall  michigan s  congressmandan &  rephuizenga are off on their 2nd annual congressional snowmobile trek   …
the transcripts paint the picture of a vulnerable woman and a man who preyed on that vulnerability  i am disgusted …
we need a balanced budget amendment to get our country s spending under control  our children & grandchildren s fut…
huge congrats to cassie daly on her appointment to the prestigious west point military academy 
rt  foxnewstalk    realdonaldtrump says he plans to send the military to guard the southern border  is that a good idea   loupateshow gets…
the holocaust was a genocidal attack against the jewish people and the ultimate crime against humanity  the world m…
we must improve our current practices to prevent airplanes from being turned into weapons of war by those who seek…
today   repjeffdenham & i introduced the c a r e act to improve access to physicians in medically underserved areas -…
founded by georgia s own juliette gordon low in 1912  the  girlscouts has inspired millions of girls of all backgro…
passed → the tax cuts & jobs act  we just took a major step towards delivering tax relief to hardworking americans…
thanks  cathymcmorris for inviting me to speak to her constituents about higher education issues 
joined constituents may 11 at the opening ceremonies of the hunterdon county relay for life at the fairgrounds in r…
as millions of americans of different creeds prepare for this weekend s sacred celebrations  i want to wish the jew…
 fl26  hidden gem  yardie spice  in homestead was rated one of  yelp s top 100 places to eat in the u s  earlier th…
taxpayers deserve to know who has used the congressional hush fund  today  the house unanimously passed a bill that…
stopped by the old flour mill in minden last week – the future home of  bentlyheritage  check out my tour 
rt  secretarysonny  in orlando  about to take off for aerial tour of irma damage w/fl ag commish adam putnam   marcorubio &  tomrooney  ci…
i added a video to a  youtube playlist mental health awareness month
wish  potus had vetoed the omnibus but he s right that we need to institute a line-item veto as a way to curb waste…

mobile offices come to arkadelphia  prescott  texarkana  lewisville  and magnolia on monday  get the times and loca…
while i clearly disagreed w/ some policies due to neg impact in my district  i stand willing to work w/ admin to im…
my prayers are with the family of deputy chief russell achord of the west feliciana fire protection district who di…
yesterday i met with president trump to discuss a term limits bill that i introduced early last year  if we re goin…
i am proud to see  ntmwd and director kula has worked to quickly address any potential concerns about our water sup…
lillian encarnation of  monticellohigh s  a serious dog  stood out among a number of outstanding submissions garner…
rt  brendancarrfcc  in indiana today w/ congresswoman  susanwbrooks broadband is enabling tremendous innovations in smart ag data from tr…
rt  mikekellypa  proud to help pass bipartisan legislation to ensure that with a new tax code comes a new  irs  that exists to serve america…
 sgttim911  rmconservative  food born illness  can happen with any food production and delivery system  but to have…
iran nuclear  deal  -- a munich-sized mistake
i ve been following the news out of new york city this morning  credit to the nypd  nyfd  & all first responders fo…
on a day when love should be celebrated  many hearts are broken as they ve lost loved ones to another senseless tra…
rt  cuanschutz  thank you to  repmikecoffman who is in attendance for today s grand opening of the  cohencliniccu — we re excited for this…
  drphilroe on denver va  this situation must never happen again  watch chairman roe s opening statement here 
rt  markweinerdc  congress extends  nuairalliance national drone test site in central new york for 6 years
thank you to mp  colincarrie for hosting our bilateral business delegation at today s meeting of the conservative b…
rt  stevescalise  we re working to pass  repgoodlatte &  repmccaul s bill to secure the border  end chain migration  end the visa lottery s…
rt  lmgrss  2017 congressional forum with  repscottperry   repcharliedent  and  reploubarletta  hosted by  hrccredc h r cforum g a dlife
big news  the veterans transplant coverage act has cleared it s last hurdle in committee  next stop → the house fl…
the u s  is opposed to china s unilateral actions in declaring a new flight route close to the median line in the t…
on live with  1450whtc - tune in &gt &gt 
rt  speakerryan  obamacare is not working  republicans offer a better way 
today i met with toms river mayor tom kelaher and township administrator don guardian to discuss the beach replenis…
this legislation is not about politics  this is strengthening our gec bill   hr5181   and ensuring the us has the pr…
rt  live5news  rep  mark sanford making four lowcountry stops thursday chsnews
the  fec is critical to protecting the integrity of our electoral process  this is why i urge the president to take…
the  fy19ndaa  is the most important national security legislation congress considers each year  and i m proud of th…
i spent this morning volunteering with  habitat_org citrus county  thank you for bringing people together to build…
while on site  i was also honored to receive the international foodservice distributors association thomas jefferso…
do you need assistance in dealing with a federal agency  on wednesday  a member of my staff will be holding mobile…
rt  sharedhope  thank you washington legislators for working to pass  fosta   sesta   herrerabuetler  davereichert
the security of our nation s children & teachers is a top priority  earlier today  i met with johnson co school off…
alma high school assistant principal brian kirkendoll  his wife tanya  and daughter ansley toured the dome of the u…
the secretary also reiterated his promise that stakeholders  including elected officials  local businesses  and fis…
the  irs  has been in need of a complete overhaul for years  this week  i voted w/the house to take a bipartisan s…
cha adopts regulations for house  stem  competition
rt  artourism  it s national park week and arkansas has plenty to celebrate  explore hot springs national park  buffalo national river  or o…
rt  repbrianmast  like every other sovereign nation  israel has the right to determine its own capital  the united states is finally recogn…
enjoy defense press corps - chairman  mactxpress ndaa fy19ndaa  ripitenergyfuel
kristen  riya  brianna & dylan of nj s  saddnation shared key info about the 4 ds to avoid while driving  drowsy dr…
rt  houseagnews  stacy dean w/  centeronbudget  the 2018 farm bill work requirements would enforce new bureaucracy on states  fact  states a…
it s an incredible honor to be here tonight  tune in 
rt  repmarkmeadows  as  jim_jordan and i have said for 7 months  it is time for a second special counsel to investigate the deeply troublin…
this has been a guiding principle for president trump on foreign policy and it holds true today as his administrati…
while i support scientific research  i do not believe  usda should be spending tax dollars to unnecessarily kill ca…
asian carp are within striking distance of our great lakes  i told the administration we cannot afford to wait 
rt  repfrenchhill  arkansas families can breathe a little easier tonight because my bill that passed the house eases one part of the comple…
incredible news  the u s  news & world report this week ranked brighton high school in the top 3% nationally in edu…
good to be back home in the lowcountry  here s where you can find me tomorrow   
are you staying up to date with my vote explanations  policy stances  and visits around the district  sign up here…
today the house will consider funding legislation that provides much-needed funding to rebuild our military and gi…
i was glad to sign onto  senshelby s letter urging the president to take this action  & i m hopeful that this measu…
rt  americanlegion  our  jbrkam   this bill would require schools to adopt policies that disallow them from imposing late fees or other pen…
ncaa march madness has started  which means just two weeks until championship weekend in san antonio  follow…
rt  femaregion6  tx  do you live in aransas  brazoria  galveston  harris  or jefferson counties & have questions about repairing or reducin…
rt  fishercenter  read about  tomcoleok04 fight 4 alzheimers research funds 2 help find cure for disease join him on  alzheimersworld
great to meet with  alsassociation today  we talked about continuing my support for funding als medical research pr…
please join me in sending your thoughts and prayers to the tester family tonight  very tragic news 
thrilled to be with  potus at the white house following the  second   historic vote on tax cuts and jobs act  thanks…
rt  drewbrooks  who is the best jumpmaster in the  82ndabndiv  five paratroopers are competing this week for that honor  rigging test curre…
bad news  tomorrow is tax day  good news  this is the last year you will have to file using the old  broken code …
rt  usnavy  for the first time in more than 40 years  a u s navy aircraft carrier is visiting vietnam -
watched the babies & little ones in church this morning  what a blessing to be a mother  perfect little newborn rig…
congratulations  senatordole for receiving the congressional gold medal  our nation s highest civilian honor  thank…
my annual  congressionalac is open  calling all student coders in nj-11 to sign up 
 in our drive to make washington accountable  we have eliminated more regulations in our first year than any admini…
i still support repealing obamacare & replacing it with legislation that will make healthcare more affordable and flexible 
rt  tiffanykaszuba  thank you  congmikesimpson for giving a refreshing talk to our hill day participants this morning  a a d r f n i d c r advocacy d…
april marks 60 years since president eisenhower proposed  nasa to congress  read more from  nasahistory about this…
rt  ronwyden  proud to stand at the start of wildfire awareness month w/  mikecrapo & so many others today who worked in a bipartisan way to…
  nasa_johnson has been a houston icon for more than 50 years  and i m extremely proud of the work they do  i than…
🎉new year  new tax code → simplifying and lowering tax rates for our american businesses means more money to hire w…
rt  govwaste    repdesantis accepting his hard-earned  taxpayer super hero  award  thank you for putting taxpayers first 
best of luck to nv s 4 olympians & all of  teamusa as they compete   the 2016 games  opening ceremony  730p et/ 430p pt on  nbc  jake_dalton
rt  alextdaugherty  11 house republicans  including  roslehtinen are holding a press conference right now calling on house leadership to fi…
rt  housegop  the tax cutsand jobs act is pro-family  through and through  thanks to the ✅ doubled child tax credit ✅ preserved child & depen…
rt  hunterandangler    natresources passes modernizing the pittman-robertson fund for tomorrow s needs act  hr 2591  this week on unanimous…
rt  louisianahba  we had a great meeting this morning with congressman garret graves with lhba members  he discussed flood insurance  the c…
10 key  s by  houseintelcomm to sr intel community & other agency officials re dnc funded  unverified steele dossie…
big thank you to javier collins - who played in mendota heights     as well for the dallas cowboys- and jamie brown…
empowering victims to pursue justice and feel whole again is perhaps the most important thing we can do for a victi…
rt  natresources  retweet if you are watching federal lands chair  repmcclintock at today s hearing on wildfires htt…
rt  repcloakroom  we have begun 10 minutes of debate on the rep  garret graves  r-la   repgarretgraves amendment no  107
us nuclear infrastructure council  us nuclear provides almost 20% of nation s electricity  g o p energy solutions
icymi  chairman  repmccaul joined  danaperino on  dailybriefing to discuss the austin bombings 
i m proud to be the co-chair of the congressional paper caucus and a strong  longtime supporter of these maine jobs
today i spoke at the  lanationalguard youth challenge graduation  this incredible program turns around young people…
rt  wacotrib  west marks turning point in recovery efforts on 5th anniversary of explosion
rt  nsf_cise  nsf announces major  pawr  milestone joining leading networking companies & associations to support next generation wireless r…
no one asked about whether a social security admin  bureaucrat should decide who loses their constitutional rights  guns in america
this world series has been exciting  but it s time for the  astros to win it all tonight  go  stros  world series⚾
great to see folks in poplar bluff honoring dr  martin luther king jr  s legacy  this year s theme is  what are you…
great time at steris today with my friend  senrobportman to talk tax reform  steris  lake county s largest employer…
 7 of 10  in 1922 on a schoolroom blackboard in rigby  philo farnsworth sketched the cathode-ray tube that brought…
harvey brought incredible devastation to texas and i have worked tirelessly in congress to secure additional supp…
rt  usaasc   cerdec helps build state-of-the-art aircraft hangar the size of a football stadium at  jointbasemdl ht…
rt  the_citizen    repjohnkatko examines airport security in germany  visits refugee camp in jordan  by  roberthard…
pleased to participate in the  cityoflorenceal s 200th birthday celebration yesterday and present florence mayor st…
rt  housecommerce  icymi   housecommerce debuts  personal stories from the opioid crisis  video series in conjunction with today s full cmt…
 congress should reduce costly employment mandates and enable an opportunity society   rominaboccia  heritage g o p working4 women
my statement on tonight s military air strike in syria 
congratulations to university prep middle school for joining the hs in qualifying for the nsb finals  good luck in…
rt  obianuju  i didn t watch oscars last night as i chose to watch a knitting competition😏but i heard former plannedparenthood ceo cecile…
more good news    jobless claims are at a 45 year low 
vote  vote  vote     tx22  mayors  city councils  school boards  early voting began 4/23  ends 5/1  5/5 final day 
had a chance to tour key opportunities in hillsdale  which provides employment services and training to individuals…
rt  speakerryan  as a result of our new  pro-growth tax code  american workers across the country are already seeing a wave of bonuses→ htt…
today at 10am et →  repseanduffy chairs our hearing examining the state insurance regulation preservation act
news  pleased to announce that my 8th annual jobs fair will be held this friday in topeka from 10am to 1pm at the k…
i ll be hosting neighborhood office hours tomorrow in ladson and mount pleasant  here s where you can find me   
  wvaught29 thanks for your question  i had  repguthrie help me answer this one  ask buddy
my prayers are w/ victims & families in new york in the wake of this senseless terror attack  thanks to  nypdnews for its swift response 
posey requests gao review the aaf loan application over any potential risk to taxpayers  politics
our healthcare system is punishing innovation   lowering quality of care for patients  it s time for a better way 
rt  82ndabndiv  make sure you give your little paratroopers an extra long hug today for national military brats day 
one thing that congress should focus on in 2018 and beyond  term limits  the founders never intended congress to…
rt  copsdoughnuts  headed to dc in a few days for  sotu2018  ryno goes to d c so honored to be invited by  repmoolenaar see you soon  realdona…
 phony telephone number scam targets veterans  – share with any friends/family who use the veterans choice program
on the first day of red cross month  i visited the  inredcross shelter in elkhart to meet with hoosiers impacted by…
i am honored to be recognized for  iambiotech s  innovator in biotechnology award   the industry has such an import…
rt  foxnews    rephensarling   [ potus] is going to do everything he can under the law to minimize the pain of this that was caused by the…
click to see photos of the 13th district u s  service academy nominations reception -&gt 
proud to introduce this bipartisan bill to protect our nation s waterway infrastructure w/  repcheri  learn more he…
mc dannald fire update  the voluntary evacuation order for  dmr  residents has been lifted by the jeff davis county ju…
from our family to yours  martha and i wish you a very happy thanksgiving 
the power of a tornado is something to behold  i met w/ officials in malden & matthews to discuss extent of damage…
rt  dailysignal  the supreme court heard oral arguments today in a closely watched case dealing with religious liberty and same-sex marriag…
rt  amphibwarships    repgallagher discusses why having more  amphibwarships for the  usnavy is so important and needed 
rt  cathymcmorris   as far as the tax relief that we ve brought to america  i ve seen immediate results at home   — repbradwenstrup
rt  jbrandt71   repryanzinke  glaciernps we had a family reunion up there last year to celebrate my grandma s 90th birthday  it was spectac…
congratulations to amy dilk from carmel high school for being named miss basketball  🏀  in her first three carmel s…
tax day is never fun but this is the last year you have to deal w/ old system  thanks to tax cutsand jobs act  next y…
despite the fact that democrats obstructed this amendment  i am committed to getting america on a fiscally-responsi…
fbi director comey gave hillary clinton a pass on email scandal  via  wsjopinion clinton emails
threat to many endangered species and habitat is catastrophic wildfire  properly managed forests benefit all species
rt  waysandmeansgop  after taxreform  our economy is growing & there are jobs that need to be filled  on april 17th  w&m will hear from  s…
our west texas energy fuels our economy and is absolutely vital for our nation s energy security  i appreciate…
while it is not perfect  i m glad congress reached a bipartisan  bicameral budget agreement that moves our country…
great meeting with pta constituents and talking about federal edu policies and school safety measures  on the same…
i cannot  in good conscience  accept my salary while  senatedems refuse to pay our brave men and women in uniform -…
happy passover to everyone celebrating  chag sameach 
rt  congressmanhice  got weekend plans  in honor of national park week  i encourage  ga10  to spend some time in the great outdoors  head to…
rt  sbjnet  opinion   usreplong discusses his questioning of  facebook ceo mark zuckerberg  s b j daily update
although billy graham departed his worldly body today  he gained eternal life with jesus christ  graham spent his l…
chairman  rep_stevewomack s remarks as prepared for delivery during today s hearing on the budget request from…
rt  ivankatrump  my oped on the importance of skills-based education and workforce development in rebuilding our country s infrastructure …
rt  gopleader  ✅ unemployment rate at 17-year low ✅ 1 7 million jobs added since january
wishing you and your loved ones a blessed good friday 
glad to see  usedgov moving forward with grant program to help schools in florida & other states with the unexpect…
   or not  potus  strategy of max pressure  increased sanctions w even china s support & military option on table i…
i was happy to join congressman crist and representatives from senators rubio and nelson s offices at the pinellas…
rep  leonard lance participated in a special celebration of fairmount cemetery s 150th anniversary in westfield  af…
rt  repcomstock  our small business of the day is a woman-owned start up in chantilly   lendabox  that specializes in environmentally frien…
this morning  i spoke about a quiet war being waged on u s  soil  it is a war of disinformation against western dem…
 ca08 
rep  sensenbrenner speaking w/ constituents after his town hall meeting in hartford this morning  wi05 
 slummdogg_ using such vulgarity  especially when trying to call names rather than refute arguments  reflects both ignorance & arrogance
he is risen  happy easter to you and your families  may you all have a blessed day 
on floor to recap my visit to an outstanding school with pathways to success at central mountain high school career & technology  cte 
this morning  i was happy to join mi-10 s macedonian-american community at a peaceful rally recognizing macedonia s…
read this week s long s short report about the  housecommerce zuckerberg hearing and my thoughts on  facebook censo…
today i voted for  &  natresources approved  the national strategic & critical minerals production act  this bill s…

you can t ignore the statistics  thanks to the enactment of pro-growth policies  our nation s unemployment rate is…
happening now → federal bureau of investigation director christopher wray testifying before the  housejudiciary com…
rt  robwittman  in brief  we authorized the 4th ford-class aircraft carrier  expanded procurement of the littoral combat ship  and made cri…
there s a powerful  inherent human proclivity to document and share about our lives  social media like  facebook gi…
rt  stevescalise  i challenged  samspressshop to a scooter race  here s what happened next 
do you remember the death panels that sarah palin used to talk about  well  they re still around   and we took a   
behind the scenes from my interview with  kylemidura discussing my support for  realdonaldtrump s initiative to com…
more great taxreform news 
very proud to help lead this crucial fight for american workers 
there were numerous sources claiming the omnibus bill funds planned parenthood  so i d like to set the record strai…
 john48733897 thank you for serving 
president trump made a strong choice in nominating alex azar for secretary of health and human services and today t…
house defense appropriations chairwoman kay granger s opening statement from today s full approps committee hearing 
while we weren t pulling for the same team  so great for  stevescalise & jennifer to join us in tuscaloosa 
great reception last night to celebrate these talented nc art students who submitted their work for the congression…
great to be on  foxnewstalk again this morning w brian  kilmeade  hope to join you again soon  the brian kilmeade show
wishing everyone a happy an blessed easter sunday   he is not here  he has risen  just as he said   - matthew 28 6 
rt  alabamatoday  here are alabama s student winners of the 2018 congressional art competition a l politics
failing to provide accurate analysis of our fight against  isis  puts our men & women in uniform in danger   centcom 
the  deptofdefense announced american representatives for the upcoming invictus games in sydney  this is a tremendo…
1/2 i agree that preemptive strikes are constitutional - even expected  however  a preemptive strike occurs to prev…
the discussion draft  fda packaging and disposal  has been reported to the full cmte by voice vote 
facts on the 2018 farm bill   al03  ag
 no color line in heaven  and plenty of welcome mat for reverend billy graham 
rt  speakerryan  great news → it s only been a few hours since our historic vote on tax reform and companies are already announcing new inv…
rt  drjoeodenwald  president mathews showing  repfredupton new nursing project  swmich 💚💛thisis s m c
enjoyed discussing importance of scientific research w/  ky_epscor 
thank you for stopping by  rail day2018
thanks chairman carmichael & paulding county board of commissioners for the invitation to participate in the hwy 92…
icymi  i spoke with  krcr7 to share my thoughts on the administration s decision to add a citizenship status questi…
rt  bdcofnp  thank you  sencapito   repmckinley  &  sen_joemanchin for your support of our economic development initiatives in the northern…
please join me this holocaust remembrance day in honoring the millions of survivors and innocent lives that were lost  we will never forget
congratulations to the great work done by  dea  hazleton police dept  pennsylvania state police  and luzerne county…
congrats to randy utt for receiving the ok 5th district teacher recognition award  great meeting randy & her husban…
major companies & employers are continuing to raise wages & expand business in the u s  thanks to tax cuts tax reform  sotu 
our prayers were answered  indeed  welcome back   stevescalise 
as puerto rico takes on hurricane maria  our hearts are with the people who call it home 
icymi  yesterday i sat down with  wlos_13 for  c2c  to discuss the letter i sent with 154 of my colleagues to demand…
today s  fl26  womens history month spotlight recognizes lt  col  charlotte  charlie  hudson  a  usarmy veteran whose…
this is the last tax day under the old code—a system full of hassle and riddled with loopholes for the well-connect…
i enjoyed speaking this afternoon to the tennessee valley corridor summit in huntsville 
find out when ninth district traveling staff office hours will be in your jurisdiction during the month of february…
rev graham said  being a christian is more than an instantaneous conversion  it is a daily process whereby you grow…
rep  sensenbrenner s latest op-ed in the  waukeshafreeman on why americans should celebrate this tax day 
rt  twopinion  sen  jiminhofe   repfranklucas   govmaryfallin  obama admin   epa  have shut out rural america
today we honor the 50th anniversary of the vietnam war  we remember the valor of our men & women in uniform who fou…
more good news thanks to tax cutsand jobs act   disney is giving  1000 bonuses & investing  50million in education pr…
 washtimes it is disappointing the senate did not join the house to restrict abortions after 20 weeks - the point w…
toured  heartland_ctr in wabash this week to learn directly from students about how they re achieving their goals a…
 bmcclendon you might want to read this article about our bill  drops the rate to 9% for startups  it s great for s…
praying for former president george h  w  bush s swift recovery this evening 
madison schade  a junior from  hseschools  received a certificate for 4th place for  alleyway in fortville   her te…
the bill nearly doubles the standard tax deduction and reduces loopholes  while preserving important tax breaks suc…
be sure to check out the great video tribute to selena on  google s homepage today 
happy cinco de mayo 
with 963 400 workers  texas ranks 2nd in net tech employment - keep it up 
this is exactly why i have been pushing for emergency funding to treat the opioid epidemic like a natural disaster
rt  copsdoughnuts  tune in this evening to  9and10news  great interview about ryno goes to d c with  repmoolenaar for the  sotu2018   potus   re…
want to stay up to date with the work i am doing for colorado s third district  sign up for my newsletter today 
agriculture subcommittee chairman  robert_aderholt  the committee has worked for months to produce a bill that real…
the house did its job and passed a spending bill that funds our military and the children s health insurance progra…
wonderful to visit a small business in solon that is on the cutting edge of technology  thanks for taking the time…
today is international women s day  on this day we celebrate  honor  and remember the contributions made by women i…
my prayers are with the entire bush family this evening  barbara bush was an incredible american and role model  we…
what a great privilege to be asked to speak again before the highly qualified/skilled officers and ncos of the nati…
here s lloyd  check out my new interactive map where you can see all the schools  volunteer organizations  small b…
take a look at this  foxnews video about my bill cracking down on cop killers  sayfie
i strongly support the actions of attorney general jeff sessions and the department of justice to stop sacramento s…
happy national ag week to all of our farmers and producers across california  we are grateful for your persistent ha…
 icymi  along with a bipartisan group of senators and house members  i sat down with  potus at the white house for a…
thank you to my friend and fellow texan  judgetedpoe for your service to our state and nation  i have enjoyed servi…
victoria enstrom  a sophomore from eastern howard high school created two pieces deserving special recognition  rec…
the bipartisan budget act fully-funds disaster relief for fl citrus industry & now it will finally be signed into l…
i would like to congratulate coach allen from  scotsathletics for a successful career at hphs  after arriving in 19…
amazing news this morning  incredible work   secpompeo and  potus 
rt  springfieldnl  soldier ambushes wife with stampede homecoming
if you are a resident of pflugerville  please use this website for updates on the ongoing investigation with the…
what we re reading  unchecked mandatory spending is driving our nation deeper into debt   economics21 has more on w…
rt  secnielsen  thank you  senronjohnson and  clairecmc for your leadership in passing the  dhsgov reauthorization bill out of committee …
rt  mattsgorman  more than any other issue  voters want help easing their cost of living  this bill  soon to be law  is the first step in…
congratulations to dr  deborah curtis on her first official day as the 12th president of  indianastate  looking f…
rt  nebankersceo  thx  repadriansmith for listening 2 concerns of ne bankers/constituents  a b asummit  nebankers  ababankers
i ll be hosting office hours on monday evening  please use the below link to sign up to request a meeting  looking…
rt  waysandmeansgop    repkevinbrady on today s meeting with  potus focusing on our trade policy 
rt  justinamash  thanks to sen   ronwyden  sen   randpaul   repzoelofgren   judgetedpoe  and other democratic and republican colleagues for…
join my office this monday for a va claims clinic in toms river from 10am-2pm  check out the details below 
tune in  chairman  repkevinbrady will be live on  foxbusiness at 1 40 pm to talk about tax reform phase two & legis…
toured the northeast ohio regional airport today with ashtabula county commissioners and the ashtabula county airpo…
the schumer shutdown is disappointing to say the least  i join my colleagues  repjackbergman  repmikebishop…
embrace the opportunity to learn from anyone with a fresh perspective  terrimcclements  pwc_llp g o p future millennials
rt  americanewsroom  listen   sandrasmithfox  repmarkmeadows talks about gina haspel  sanctuary city policies  and more 
thank you to  judgetedpoe for joining me tonight to discuss the email privacy act  i encourage the senate to pass this important bill 
you re right  immediate family members should be allowed to stay together  spouse and children   however  extended…
may marks military appreciation month  thank you to all of our brave men & women  & their families  for their servic…
have we forgotten deepwater horizon so soon  the interior department s reckless proposal to roll back oil drilling…
rt  issueonereform  breaking  19 house lawmakers launch a first-of-its-kind bipartisan congressional caucus focused on ethics and political…
incredibly informative visit today to the anniston army depot to learn more about the critical work they do to supp…
as we come to the end of down syndrome awareness month  a great story from  oh15  of classmates celebrating their peers
coinciding with the 8th anniversary of the passage of obamacare  today s hearing focused on how current law is hav…
man arrested in oklahoma after authorities match his fingerprints to those taken from a document captured in afghan…
our military deserves our utmost respect and support  that s why  speakerryan is leading the charge to rebuild the…
the arkansas valley conduit will provide clean drinking water to se co 
did you see this article from  washingtonexaminer  survey of small business owners favor republican economic policy…
i want to thank speaker ryan for his service to the people of wisconsin and to our nation  his strong legacy of lea…
rt  ivankatrump   sex trafficking has largely moved from the streets to the internet  where traffickers maintain control of victims across…
hiring interns in my washington  d c  office - apply by march 30th to be considered  learn more & apply here …
just 3% of people who work full-time  year round live in poverty  that s why work is a critical to helping solve po…
enjoyed spending an afternoon with the troops at the round rock armed forces reserve center  thank you for your ser…
cowlitz co  put on another successful veterans stand down this year  so great to see veterans supported & receive f…
i m saddened by the news of first lady barbara bush s health  mrs  bush is an incredible and inspirational figure t…
rt  houseappropsgop  this morning at 10 am  the defense subcommittee holds a hearing to review the  usarmy s fy19 budget request  tune in…
my thoughts and prayers are with sen  thom tillis and his family this morning 
rt  wimsradio  u s  rep  jackie walorski congratulated hannah deschepper  a penn high school junior  on winning the 2018 congressional art…
thinking of our first lady and wishing her a speedy recovery 
i m confident our majority will be in good hands moving forward as we continue to fight for the american people and their priorities 
rt  houseparl  2/6 the first volume of  precedents of the us house of representatives  is now available here  printed copies will be distri…
this new tax code allows hard-working families and job providers to keep more of their hard earned money  i believe…
glad to see my legislation to strengthen education on opioid alternatives for seniors cleared a hurdle in the…
as representative of the fastest growing veteran population  i look forward to working with robert to ensure contin…
he is not here  he has risen  just as he said  come and see the place where he lay  - matthew 28 6 happy easter
rt  ncafnews  icymi  last week   bettymccollum04 and  repsmucker introduced the community action opioid response act  please join us in tha…
every day  our police officers put on their uniform and risk their lives to keep us safe  they show us the true mea…
 shannonbrooke01 yes
fighting to protect endangered salmon  steelhead by eliminating 1 of their biggest threats  my  thecolumbian column 
a well-deserved honor  a state bill renaming a stretch of u s  highway 12 as officer bill mathews memorial highway…
happening now   houseforeign hearing discussing opportunities for u s  investment and trade while protecting u s …
icymi  i was on  cnn yesterday to talk to  wolfblitzer about the mental health issues plaguing our country 
icymi- fy18  houseappropsgop energy & water bill ensures  nj  waterways are dredged and our beaches replenished 
last week i toured mi metals  inc  in millen  ga  mi metals is a nationwide leader in aluminum part manufacturing a…
rt  repcloakroom  the rep  benishek  r-mi  { congressmandan} amendment no  1 was adopted by voice
meeting notice  tuesday  november 14  2017 at 3 pm the committee will meet on h r  4243  the va asset and infrastructure review act of 2017 
rt  healthylakes  thanks for signing on to support  glri  at  300m in fy19   repchriscollins  we re making progress restoring the great lake…
in the natural course of things memories fade  some memories must be kept alive  remember september11th…
i m so thankful for the swift action of the first responders in manhattan  praying for the victims and families of today s terror attack 
rt  edworkforce  on international womens day  chairwoman  virginiafoxx shares stories from a life committed to empowering women to achieve w…
wishing my friend  sendansullivan a very happy birthday 
there are websites that have made billions from selling kids for sex  got legislation ok d by the house this week t…
breaking ➡️ h r  2152  citizens right to know passes the house of representatives  ty to  gopleader mccarthy & chai…
rt  ustpacadvocacy  thank you  repbilljohnson & laura_ wilson 4 meeting w/  ustpacadvocacy  tna   masumanthiran  gtfonline  austamilcongres…
today is law enforcement appreciation day  and we recognize and honor the brave men and women who serve and protect o…
chairman  rep_stevewomack on passage of the bipartisan budget act   this bill isn t perfect  but it does do a lot o…
great to be back  valtronic in solon on friday  i enjoyed touring their state of the art facility and hearing about…
for those itemizing on their tax return  up to 10k is still able to be deducted from property/income taxes  along w…
nice job  paris 
watch cspan to see me speak on my amendment to athe faa authorization act  requiring tht metropolitan planning orga…
i wrote a letter to secretary perdue in support of this grant  this program will serve a population that is often o…
rt  tgowdysc  while this memo raises serious concerns with the fisa process  i have been and remain confident in the overwhelming majority…
if fuel economy policies force auto manufacturers to produce vehicles that customers do not want or cannot afford …
tonight i voted to pass the longest extension of the children s health insurance program  chip  in history  this bi…
rt  repdavejoyce  recently i cosponsored a resolution to recognize this week as small business week  america s small businesses make up 47%…
the committee welcomes chairman of  housebudgetgop  repdianeblack to testify on the fy2018 budget resolution 
good news on yucca for the  hanfordsite  by bipartisan vote of 340-72  the house today passed the nuclear waste po…
paul s character and integrity is respected among all members  with that said  he is still speaker through january…
rt  housegop  talk about a happy meal… tax cutsand jobs act 
wonderful to see so many dedicated people at tonight s nebraska statehood day dinner  n e statehood
rt  repkevinbrady  the choice is clear ➡️ stand with  potus or stand with obamacare  i stand with  realdonaldtrump 🇺🇸
learn more about our latest  uscbo oversight hearing from  arkansasonline ↓
  nancypelosi s armageddon continues  in past 24hrs we ve learned  ☑️ waltdisneyco announced  1k bonuses &  50 mi…
eager to hear the president s update on the state of this union  sotu
tulip time is a well-known west michigan tradition  however the celebration wouldn t be the same without those icon…
will  senatedems really shut down gov t tonight over an illegal amnesty program that doesn t even need to be addres…
rt  househomeland  that s why the  repgoodlatte- repmccaul bill  the securing america s future act  strengthens our southern border by auth…
record number of small business owners say now is the time to expand  tax cuts continue to drive job and wage growt…
looking forward to being on first100 with  marthamaccallum tonight  tune in to  foxnews at 7pm 
had our existing background check laws been enforced  the tragedy in sutherland springs could have been avoided all together   5/5 
great day at farmingdale st  patrick s day parade with grand marshal &  news12li anchor  carolsilvanews  terrific c…
thank you president  realdonaldtrump for your leadership and insight on the issues before congress this year  we ha…
isis is now targeting young americans through the internet  you can t hide from evil 
rt  foxnews    repdavid   with every fiber of my being  there s not going to be a government slowdown   sunday futures  mariabartiromo
today s firstresponderfriday photo is of roanoke fire department 2  thanks for all you do to…
happening now  talking tax reform  southwestair with  speakerryan  tune in live -&gt 
had the chance to welcome concordia lutheran middle school to the u s  capitol today  proud to represent these tale…
today s third district thursday photo is of the clay county veterans memorial park   al03  clay co
each year  thousands of  va05  residents receive healthcare services from community health centers like…
rt  freedomcaucus  the  single  biggest threat to national security  is the debt - -  washtimes  repandybiggsaz
 senatedems did anyone mention that 0% is not the same thing as 25%  asking for a friend 
thanks for stopping by to talk nebraska ag and the farm bill   bdoeschot
please stay weather aware - we remain under a flood warning until monday  according to  nws 
north texas weather can be unpredictable  and we all should be prepared  please join us at the 10th annual emergenc…
i worked closely with secretary mattis to ensure this bill provides him with the resources he needs to implement th…
there is no place for white supremacy & acts of domestic terrorism in our country  evil & hatred must always be condemned 
rt  repbyrne  big news  thanks to passage of the tax cuts and jobs act   xantecorp in mobile is giving  1 200 bonuses to all employees who hav…
rt  housebudgetgop  alert   reptomprice to deliver address on  a reform agenda for the federal budget process  11/30  brookingsinst
terrorism is on the rise in america and throughout the world  it is time to be honest with ourselves – the threat t…
great work being done at woodstock  il14  employer mac automation concepts  58 employees are working to make everyth…
rt  housejudiciary    tgowdysc gaveling in now for hearing opening statements 👇
the benefits of tax cutsand jobs act keep rolling in —  walmart is increasing its starting wage to  11 an hour  offer…
rt  repmartharoby  tax reform delivers again    just in time for the hot alabama summer  last week  alabamapower announced it will reduce c…
 nyc  terror attack was an unspeakable & cowardly act-our thoughts are with the victims-thank you nypd & first responders for your vigilance 
waffle house shooting illustrates the danger posed by gun-free zones
chairman  repmarkwalker in  thehill   schumer is once again overplaying his hand on immigration  trying to paint hi…
i am excited to announce this year s congressional art competition  learn more 
rt  senateaggop  happy national farmers day  today and everyday  we recognize and celebrate the american farmer who never stops improving  h…
thank you to  gatransport for meeting with me today to discuss ongoing transportation initiatives in georgia   ga06 
why do liberals think our economy & personal finance should be ruled by an unaccountable bureaucrat   potus &…
we are working together to move p a w s act forward & provide our veterans with post-traumatic stress the necessary care they need to recover 
harvey survivors  free legal advice available to you in houston houston strong  tx07 
i was on  afrnet s washington watch program yesterday speaking with  tperkins  president of the  frcdc  we discusse…
this morning  federalreserve chairman jay powell appeared before the  financialcmte for the first time  i look forw…
enjoyed our meeting  thanks for coming by 
congratulations to all the winners and participants of this year s 2018 congressional art competition  so many tale…
rt  the_news_herald  local leaders encouraged by water wars arguments
i am devastated by the tragedy in chattanooga  please join me in prayer for all those affected 
rt  agaviationnaaa  in kansas   replynnjenkins recently visited heinen brothers agra services to discuss legislative and regulatory issues…
what s the health impact of being a firefighter  proud to cosponsor a bill the house passed that helps advocates for firefighters  health 
the better way to protect folks w/ pre-existing conditions starts w/ a h care system that s responsive to patients →
 bobkopp yes  our proposal preserves student loan interest deductions and rules that exempt graduate student fellowships from tax  — l l 
rt  jenniferdunnwf    repstevechabot &  repadams of  housesmallbiz met today with 10 minority smallbusiness owners & directors of the  na…
learn how to put your best foot 4ward when applying for a job  free job hunting workshop tom aug15   9-11 30am info…
tax reform works
similar to last year  this will remain a top priority for me to work in a bipartisan way at the local  state and fe…
 i m a firm supporter of professional accreditation in law enforcement  sheriff cappa l e task force
rt  wowopatmiller    repjimbanks discusses honor flight  budget  and macron and merkel coming to the u s 
visit or text  tax reform  to 50589 to learn more 
meeting notice  monday  november 13th   5 pm the committee will meet on the ndaa conference report 
this afternoon i will join the  uofalabama football team at the white house where they will be honored on the south…
great news → chairman  repmccaul s bill to combat human trafficking  the  dhsgov blue campaign authorization act  p…
thx  flchamber  you do great work to help increase jobs  boost our state s economy 
 murphtag  thehill what is wrong with the president s staff discussing any issue with a foreign gov  does this indicate u want war with ru
erwin from oxford is seeing an extra  800 in his monthly take-home pay  the takeaway from today s roundtable  the…
the average family of four will see a tax savings of over  2000   sotu 
the violence and bigotry displayed in charlottesville remain an affront to our shared american values  i strongly condemn these acts of hate
this week  the house will be voting on a range of legislation  covering agriculture issues  to veterans and law enf…
on floor to speak on american legion as the nation s largest wartime veterans service organization makes visits to d c  in their 100th year
the verdict is in  the tax cuts & jobs act means more jobs & bigger paychecks for southern california families …
rt  nygovcuomo  these members are doing what they were elected to do—protect new yorkers  they showed that new york won t take this assau…
busy week for  houseappropsgop  we have started critical oversight hearings to examine the administration s fy 2019…
my statement on the proposed chinese tariffs ⬇️
there s no shortage of lawyers in california  which demonstrates how illegal immigration takes american jobs   ca48… 
canada and mexico are nebraska agriculture s top customers  my column this week focuses on how important it is to…
today s mobile office hours in pawling have been rescheduled for april 11th due to weather  more details will be available soon 
nearly 1/3 of released gitmo detainees return to terrorism  we are taking action to stop obama from letting them go
rt  patrickmchenry  good rundown from  speakerryan on the work congress has done to combat sex trafficking here in the us  looking forward…
today is a day devoted to remembering the blessings of god  i hope you and your family have a great thanksgiving 
read more about the funding that was secured for our homeless centers in maine here  mepolitics
 1/3  i was horrified to hear about this act of mindless violence in las vegas 
the recreation not red tape act  a bipartisan bill from chairman bishop &  ronwyden also empowers small businesses…
i m honored to be attending today s funeral service for reverend graham at the  thebglibrary in charlotte  you can…
rt  houseappropsgop  starting at 2 pm   secelainechao testifies before  mariodb and the transportation/hud subcommittee on the fy19 budget…
we have got to give  realdonaldtrump the money he needs to actually get them [immigration laws] enforced  video 
congrats to the sequoyah ms team for advancing to the national finals  
i m about to testify before the house budget committee about the need to modernize the way cbo scores preventative…
team florida  marcorubio  senbillnelson united behind fl ag need  secretarysonny  mickmulvaneyomb  speakerryan to act now save our citrus
arriving at white house for meeting with  potus trump   senschumer   nygovcuomo &  chrischristie on gateway project 
national prescription drug take back day is this saturday  april 28  from 10am-2pm  help the dea prevent drug addic…
rt  nasa  today  n a s a remembers and pays tribute to the crews of apollo 1 and space shuttles challenger and columbia  as well as other coll…
saturday morning  foxandfriends appearances are much easier when you have the best production team around 
great afternoon touring the columbus airport and learning about all of the projects they have on the horizon  as t…
in a joint letter to dhs secretary nielsen  chairmen  repgoodlatte and  grassleypress urge regulatory reforms to th…
justice kennedy to retire  if the hill report turns out to be true  it is imperative the house pass the heartbeat…
lower taxes and a simplified tax code are also helping individuals and families  allowing them to keep more of their hard-earned paychecks 
our  me_mustangs won t be corralled  celebrating teacher appreciation week 2018 with principal michelle & all 
the irs has released an updated tax calculator to help with your financial planning and adjusting withholding amoun…
the lone star state s economy is bigger and better than russia s  great read 
our ports and waterways are the lifeblood of the trade sector and major keys to our international competitiveness a…
join our roundtable discussion with jerusalem mayor  nirbarkat live at 2pm  📺⬇️
rt  congressionalac  congrats again to the  congressionalac winner from michigan 🎉📱these young tech innovators are changing our 🌎 one app a…
rt  houseagnews  house ag highlights how work helps lift work-capable  snap  recipients out of poverty  2018 farm bill watch full video 
tax reform is abt jobs  growth & simplicity so mi families keep more of their money  thx for visiting mi today   vp 
honored to participate in today s panel at  riceuniversity w/  tedpoe  reppeteolson & experts to discuss how to bet…
icymi  the house passed critical legislation reauthorizing the faa and  usdot that included my initiatives to prote…
i met some great folks last week in the district  thank you for having me 
icymi  rep  joe wilson  iran deal threatens american families
rt  housescience    lamarsmithtx21 s read act supports critical research to further understand dyslexia  with the right support & encourage…
rt  aggievp  the  tamu  aggiecorps final review was incredible  if you don t think texas is the most military friendly state     well a&m w…
good read via  dcexaminer  ingramlaw vp of research at  thefga  proposals in 2018 farm bill  supported by a whopping…
i pledged to be an independent voice for the north country  and i m grateful to be recognized by the lugar center a…
from immigration reform to infrastructure & beyond  there are important issues on the agenda in the coming weeks  i…
today s historic tax reform vote was about helping arkansans have better opportunities to succeed and live out thei…
kris and i are on the train and are ok  praying for the drivers of the truck involved 
icymi  my weekly newsletter recapping last week in washington and north dakota 
exciting news  ups to create about 1 250 jobs in atlanta→ via  atlbizchron
icymi  earlier this month was great lakes day on capitol hill  an opportunity to have important conversations on iss…
vivien & i join all georgians in mourning the loss of former governor & u s  senator zell miller  zell s impact on…
when congress reconvenes  i will chair a nat l security subcommittee hearing on the  caravan  of foreign nationals…
workers are starting to see a boost in take-home pay as the tax cut law is implemented  make sure to…
rt  scdotpress  latest winterstorm update from scdot 
icymi- read my recent op-ed in  dailyrecord on  houseappropsgop getting our work done 
enjoyed spending time with julie & taylor ellison at joe s in easley  great place  even greater people 
need help with a federal agency  today  our  va05  team is holding mobile office hours in charlotte  halifax  and…
working w/  senpatroberts & ks delegation to honor amelia earhart s legacy and help inspire others 
my bill - the parts act - would help americans save   on their car insurance by bringing down the cost of auto repa…
on the gulf coast  we know all too well the devastating effects hurricanes can have on our communities  knowing wha…
rt  innerselfcorp   repjasonlewis and  bobbyscott thank you for being the change youth need  j j d p amatters
rt  repabraham  while snap provides an important safety net for many americans  i want it to be an on-ramp to success  not a lifestyle for…
the committee s schedule for next week has been announced  find it here 
house passes legislation to designate cocoa beach post office the  richard k  salick post office   politics
treasury chief says reviewing iran s aircraft licenses via  reuters
today is a great day in america  three americans held hostage in north korea are heading home  god is good 
great talking with dan sieburg about what we can do to help those who live in poverty in our community  last novemb…
  dennykiko
rt  elekta    reptomprice highlighting need for commitment to recruit and hire former members of the military at medtech event
everyday american families can start dreaming again because a stronger economy is on the horizon  the…
i am honored to have  usnavy lt michael martin join me for  potus  first state of the union  he is a  mo02  resident…
i m looking forward to taking your questions on my telephone town hall tonight at 6 00 p m  pst  there s still time…
americans deserve an irs that s operating with up-to-date it infrastructure to proactively combat identity theft  t…
rt  waysandmeansgop  read  chairman  repkevinbrady and trade subcommittee chairman  davereichert s statements on the preliminary list of ta…
date  friday  oct 20th time  6 00pm central location  gogebic community college –lindquist center 4946 jackson rd  ironwood mi  49935
congratulations to all the outstanding congressional award recipients  it s an honor to recognize excellence in…
these iowans from representing the united postmasters and managers of america came by to talk to me about postal re…
millions of hardworking american workers need fiscally-responsible options to ensure a secure retirement  thank you…
rt  foxnews    repbrianmast  a congressman from florida and  usarmy veteran  demanded better service from the  deptvetaffairs 
smith   more support needed for women s heart health  at  american_heart &  womenheartorg hill briefing …
rt  floresjudith7  nicaragüenses en miami protestan frente al consulado general de nicaragua en miami  en apoyo a la marcha nacional donde…
rt  houseappropsgop  the house has approved the fy18 omnibus on a vote of 256-167  this is great news for our armed forces and for our coun…
later today  my bill to combat identity theft will be voted on  millions of americans are targeted by criminals eac…
video newsmax prime | rep  dan benishek discusses the serious concerns regarding prescription drug abuse
mike pompeo will be an excellent secretary of state and i congratulate him on being confirmed despite record obstru…
happy new year to everyone in western  pa  and across our great country  may happiness and good health come to you an…
congratulations president trump and vp pence  it happened at noon  but it s morning again in america 
click here to read updates from last week s defense roundtable with  morpc   repbeatty and  pattiberi -&gt 
military children play a very difficult & important role in the armed forces community - while brave men & women ar…
new medicare cards are coming your way 
great piece from  wsjopinion on how work programs can help lift people out of the poverty cycle 
they donated almost  18 000 in treatment services and had several hardworking volunteers who contributed to their time and money 
  docmdt97 thanks for your question  ask buddy
rt  housecommerce  icymi  chairman  repgregwalden   greggharper   repdianadegette  and  repmckinley hold a press conference on the latest i…
american innovation built this country  and keeps it growing  i m proud to support the technologies leading the way
rt  rep_stevewomack  i couldn t agree more  mr  president 
rt  speakerryan  today  more than five decades after the reunification of jerusalem  this holy city will be home to our embassy  this is co…
excited to cheer on team u s a 🇺🇸 in the winter olympics2018  watch my twitter over the next few days as we celebrat…
rt  cr  gop rep   jim_jordan  there s a different set of standards for the ruling class
yesterday   potus signed an executive order to help protect the men & women that have served our country in the yea…
the house voted again to pass the defense appropriations act for fy2018  this funds our military and gives our serv…
my washington office is now hiring spring interns  apply today  application deadline nov 21st …
the interior subcommittee has favorably reported its fy19 appropriations bill on a voice vote 
deputy pickett is a true hero  he and all of our law enforcement officers deserve our utmost respect and gratitude …
this morning  president trump announced the release and return home of three american citizens  illegally held by t…
rt  repjimmypanetta  on friday  rep  mike bishop  r-mich   and i introduced a bill that would prohibit usda from using cats in any research…
3/3 the bottom line  few people understand why democrats want to disrupt life for americans  put national security…
jerusalem has been israel s capital since the time of king david  jerusalem s legislature and courts are in jerus…
in warren this am to celebrate salsa sokolski s obtaining her american citizenship  proud to call her a fellow american 
my statement on announcement by  potus regrading the iran deal 
rt  franklin_graham  today is the national day of prayer  let s all join together in praying for our country  our  potus   vp  & all of our p…
rt  housegop  the biggest news of the day   potus has signed  sealed  and delivered the tax cutsand jobs act  relief is coming for everyday a…
happy 242nd birthday to the marines  thank you for your service to our great nation 
today  in the  housecommerce i had the chance to question  facebook ceo mark zuckerberg on the massive data breach …
rt  kk2nite  thanks  jasensokol  1590wakr for having me on to talk about  repjimrenacci insightful women event and the importance of provid…
 potus  secpompeo we must remain cautiously optimistic & continue to operate under the realization that it s maximu…
rt  repwebster  last night  my bill with  replipinski passed the house with broad bipartisan support  this bill adds a course to proven i-c…
rt  wisvets  thanks to  repgallagher for his continued efforts to build a trauma-informed community 
the new program  rivers of nebraska  shows the incredible dynamics of the platte and niobrara rivers  important emp…
thank you to three rdu air traffic controllers 
rt  michaelmelillo  sensible and bi-partisan tax reform  refreshing in today s political climate   replancenj7  joshgottheimer
democrats in the senate voted to shutdown the government over an artificial  daca  deadline  using precious health…
still no action  it has been 81 days since house sent all 12 appropriations bills to the senate  time to get this d…
thank you  sharedhope for all the work you do to help people all over the world
so what s a cr  a  continuing resolution  or the continuance of obama-era policies = postponement of  realdonaldtrump priorities 
the american people have the right to know the information in the memo released by the house permanent select commi…
my statement on the department of justice s indictments against russian nationals for meddling in the 2016 election 
wado to  ok   wesleystudi for bringing the cherokee language to the oscars on sunday   cherokeenation
i m deeply disappointed in senator schumer and senate democrats for shutting down government  the cr provided healt…
rt  wsjopinion  federal policies are distorting the energy marketplace in favor of less reliable  less resilient  less affordable sources o…
i have seen great evil across much of this world and serving in the military – seeing death first hand while having…
icymi - here is my interview with  wolfblitzer discussing north korea and the state of our military 
rt  alzimpact  thank you  repbrianmast for your leadership in cosponsoring the b o l d alzheimers act - your support will help millions living…
i hope everyone had a wonderful and blessed thanksgiving yesterday 
rt  lampreycontrol   repjackbergman at hammond bay biological station hears about fishpass project in traverse city 
happening now  we are underway in the  financialcmte with testimony from treasury secretary  stevenmnuchin1 on…
april is the month of the military child – a time to honor the sacrifices military children make while facing frequent…
the  iambiotech community supports 58 018 good-paying jobs and has a  78 billion economic impact in indiana  i am h…
congratulations to  killeenisd_ s brooke errington  what an outstanding achievement   tx31  is proud of you and root…
happening now   houseforeign hearing on u s  policy toward a turbulent middle east  stream live here →…
pleased to meet with brigadier general rodney fogg  who serves as the current commandant of the  usarmy s quarterma…
rt  sfntweets  thank you  royblunt and  tomcoleok04 for championing neuroscience  your dedication was pivotal to achieving the  3 billion…
we are now considering h r  5239  cyber sense act find all bills from today s full cmte markup here &gt &gt 
thx to priceville mayor melvin duran for taking the time yesterday afternoon to update me on local events  infrastr…
rt  housecommerce  live now  sub comm tech convenes hearing titled  from core to edge  perspective on internet prioritization   watch here &gt …
pleasure to visit with osu president  burnshargis  his wife  osufirstcowgirl & their grandson preston this afternoon 
rt  housevetaffairs  members of the veterans  affairs committee introduced a bill to review  deptvetaffairs capital assets  read more 
just in  house budget chairman  rep_stevewomack tapped as republican chair of the joint select committee on budget…
thanks to everyone who joined our town halls in alva  cherokee & fairview  look forward to hosting 5 more next week…
on this national dayof prayer  we are reminded that our nation would not be the shining beacon of hope to so many ar…
today  anti-semitism is once again spreading throughout the civilized world  just weeks ago  an 85-year-old holocau…
the house doubles down on its commitment to veterans  read  drphilroe statement following the passage of another tw…
april is national internship awareness month  and i want to thank all of our hardworking interns  in dc and my dist…
 we need to look at our government programs because there are some out there that incentivize not working over getting a job    1360kktx
rt  foxnews  president  realdonaldtrump tweets secretary of state pompeo and 3 americans just released from north korea will be landing at…
promises made  promises kept 
rt  ncaadii  national champions 🏆 central missouri has won the 2018  d2wbb  national championship  elite eight
as we observe holocaust remembrance day in memoriam of the millions of victims who were senselessly murdered  may we…
 reprobwoodall will be managing the combined rule for hr 2396 & hr 4015 on the  housefloor  watch live on  cspan 
rt  houseforeign  house passes  repsires s global health innovation act  watch  repedroyce s remarks in support of the bill 
great to be in  okc  w/  jiminhofe  va officials  & local veterans to discuss ways to improve care for our nation s…
from supporting north country dairy farmers to expanding access to rural broadband  this year s farm bill contains…
congratulations to deanna glus of massey hill classical high school in fayetteville  winner of the 2018 congression…
claim  the  snap  provisions in the 2018 farm bill will reduces benefits by  23 billion  this is false  the nutrition…
don t forget to tune in this weekend –  cspan will be featuring norman  ok as a stop on its  cspancities  c-span wi…
rt  housegop    repwalberg  each year  tax day serves as a stressful reminder of how much the irs takes from what you worked long days and…
rt  highlandcopress  wenstrup   repbradwenstrup   brownley   juliabrownley26  legislation to fight veteran homelessness moves up
we re excited to have morgantown high school teacher josh mason with us tomorrow to hear french president macron s…
blue water navy veterans have experienced the devastating consequences of exposure to agent orange  just because th…
exclusive  scott pruitt will end epa s use of  secret science  to justify regulations via  dailycaller
 icymi  
more great news from the tax cutsand jobs act  exxon mobil announces  50 billion investment in the u s  over the next…
i personally saw the great successes of the 18th judicial district veterans district court during a recent visit  t…
rt  rareliberty  republicans and democrats join forces to call for repeal of 2001  aumf  war making powers  justinam…
rt  foxbusiness    repjeffdenham on release of bipartisan daca intiative by 2 republicans and 1 democrat   we have a bill here that we beli…
are you a high school student interested in the 2018 congressional art competition  click here for more --&gt 
i m pleased congress is asserting our voice & the voice of the american ppl to punish the actions of the russian govt   6/7 
today we honor the life and legacy of dr  martin luther king jr  dr  king s legacy reminds us daily of the importan…
  washingtonpost fact checks congressional dems claims about obamacare 
enjoyed seeing our first responders and so many families at the riverdale street fair 
had an informative meeting with dea agents javier pena and steve murphy of netflix s narcos fame who helped take do…
if you had a rough tax day yesterday  know that relief is here  because of the taxreform we passed  next tax seaso…
as a father of four children  i understand the absolute importance of ensuring the safety and security of our child…
happy president s day  i am so grateful to live in a country that values and respects the leaders that stood before…
from dairy and apples to delicious maple  agriculture is central to our north country economy and way of life  on…
great to meet with  ulalaunch suppliers from orange county to learn about their small business  immense contributio…
we are now moving into legislation previously reported by sub energy to the full cmte
 whiphoyer schumer offered authorizing  not funding the wall  there was no deal reached  stop lying to the american…
the  fan favorite  winner will be chosen on my facebook page  stay tuned for details on how to vote for your favorite 
today  i witnessed the men and women of the u s  coast guard in action as they turned over more than 47 000 pounds…
rt  housescience  the house recently passed 4 bipartisan  housescience bills to update & upgrade facilities at the national labs  these bil…
on average  115 people die each day in this country from overdosing on opioids  and colorado saw 159 heroin overdos…
honoring marine ssgt sky mote of el dorado  h r  381 has been signed into law to name a peak in the sierra natl for…
i had a great visit this morning to high steel structures in lancaster where we talked about improving our nation s…
last call for high schoolers  there s one week left to get your submissions in for the 2018…
this winter olympics needs more palm trees 
spending time with my wife and grandkids as well as catching up with staff on phone calls  emails and social media …
ultimately  the offshore issue is about the larger principle of home rule and federalism  the idea that not all dec…

tax season is upon us once again  if you or someone you know needs help navigating this tax season  check out my…
rt  reptomemmer  breaking  the house continues to rein in the least accountable agency in washington  the  cfpb  today  we passed sj res  5…
the doj and fbi cannot investigate themselves—that s why we need a second special counsel  glad to  repgoodlatte an…
pleased to see such strong leadership from  nikkihaley at the u n  on russia s use of chemical weapons  we must not…
they even made me an honorary plowboy 
today  the gernika tree – an enduring symbol of the us-basque connection – was planted on the  uscapitol grounds 
thank you  americanlegion for your critical work in promoting national security & your devotion to servicemembers a…
 these hard-fought reforms will allow the healthcare providers in  tx24  to get back to doing what they do best …
more good tax reform news for houston   cabotog giving  1 600 bonuses for employees - all thanks to the…
i co-introduced a bill w/  replancenj7 to combat unlawful broadcasting on radio stations  aka  pirate radio   these…
rt  waysandmeansgop  how is  verizon passing along their benefits from the tax cutsand jobs act  investing in our children  verizon said they…
hey  ar3   if you are from elkins or the surrounding area my mobile office will be coming to you on thursday  april…
and a marathon it was 
our military readiness crisis has come at too high a cost—the lives of our service members  the omnibus is what ou…
given unprecedented debt nation owes  rising interest cost could quickly spiral out of control default prevention act
this saturday is national prescription drug take back day  help combat the misuse of prescription drugs by disposin…
rt  jecrepublicans  chair  pattiberi  we must remove artificial constraints to economic growth so we can restore hope & opportunity to work…
here we go again  after the president s failure to denounce david duke and his equivocation over charlottesville on…
rt  roslehtinen    repdesantis s bill passed overwhelmingly  housefloor  reaffirming that congress stands with the people of venezuela an…
the fostering innovation act will right-size the regulatory environment that detracts from medical advancements  en…
reported efforts by john kerry to resuscitate the iran deal are stunning  the deal was a severe diplomatic miscalc…
happy national ag day   thank you to the farmers across ny and america for all they do 
it was great to meet with representatives from  clefoodbank today  as the largest hunger relief organization in nor…
rt  jparkabc  after learning scope of agreement   jim_jordan calls the senate deal  bad  bad  bad  
small businesses employ over 1 million minnesotans  helping support and grow our states economy  happy…
rt  hammer_mn  it is world down syndrome day  remember to wear your colorful socks to raise awareness today  lots of socks  wdsd18 
as the fight to end human trafficking continues  glad to witness an important step to protect children with  potus a…
i wish all celebrating the festival of lights tonight a very happy hanukkah  happy hanukkah
rt  presssec  congratulations to  richardgrenell for finally being confirmed as amb to germany despite historic obstruction from senate dem…
happy birthday to my big brother chuck  may the force be with you another year
rt  ocropinion   darrellissa says he s still a no on either tax bill  read again why he opposed the house tax bill 
heartfelt cheers for sen bob dole today as he received the congressional gold medal for a lifetime of service to ame…
rt  swissembassyusa  the swiss delegation first met with  repjoewilson to discuss swiss - us bilateral relationship and the swiss economi…
rt  abel_romero_    mactxpress on deployfment of missile defense system to south korea
norway was the site of the world s largest mass killing by a lone gunman  they have very strict gun laws  guns in america
proud to lead my colleagues to help prevent cancer   ia03 
earlier w/  varneyco -- we must monitor threats to our national security and give law enforcement ability to do so …
this morning i met with  capmetroatx for an important conversation about transit security  especially in the wake o…
rt  kyhumanities  kentucky humanities named kentucky center for the book affiliate
the  usnavy turns 242 today  thank you to the generations of brave sailors that have served and sacrificed since 17…
rt  oklahomaafp  great turnout for our november policy breakfast in tulsa  thanks to  repjbridenstine for speaking to our activists 
 danboydnm congratulations  dan to you & your wife  being a father is a true blessing 
rt  foxnews    replouiegohmert   mueller has a history of not being a man of integrity  but of using and abusing the law to go after people…
today i was thrilled to host a face-to-face meeting with a group of students in erie to discuss solutions for redu…
i just voted to defend your right to privacy- here s why this is such an important issue for everyone in  mn02… 
rt  stevescalise  hard to believe it s been almost a year since the attack on the congressional baseball game practice  as we honor police…
proud of our hardworking athletes competing in this year s winter olympics  we are cheering for team u s a as they pr…
rt  replouiegohmert  happening now   natresources oversight hearing on  the benefits of the navajo generating station to local economies  …
rt  reperikpaulsen  thank you to incentive services in edina for inviting me to learn more about their business and the benefits they ve se…
chairman  rep_stevewomack live now on  foxbusiness 
50 years ago today  dr  martin luther king jr  s life was tragically taken in memphis  his immortal words continue…
rt  stevescalise  👀
we must always be careful stewards of the taxpayer s hard-earned money  as a proud cosponsor of president trump s r…
it s the first day of spring and they re forecasting 5  inches of snow in dc  i don t know which emoji to use  🌺🌷…
in good news  the u s  treasury & irs recently approved the state of michigan s application for opportunity zones …
as we wrap up small business week  i applaud our local innovators  and i m glad that we are seeing the highest level…
we are now considering h r  5240  enhancing grid security through public-private partnerships act find all bills f…
rt  housejudiciary  today  fbi s comey faces more questions on extremism  clinton email via  mcclatchydc
  repdesantis  we re here then to talk about real successes and what the u s  government can do to build on these w…
on this day in 1976  washington  dc   wmata  opened its subway system to the public  happy 42nd birthday 
this week virginia celebrated the life of civil rights pioneer barbara johns who  67 years ago  led a student walk…
had a great visit to  rogershspirates this morning in florence where i answered questions from students about feder…
washington should take note that amnesty comes at a steep cost  according to  fairimmigration  illegal aliens are a…
we compiled info from local & federal officials regarding hurricane irma recovery efforts & will continue to update 
i am stunned 
today   housecommerce will question facebook ceo mark zuckerberg on steps the company is taking to protect user s p…
congrats to  reptomprice and seema verma on their nominations to hhs leadership positions 
rt  housegop  today on human trafficking awareness day  let s remember that the work to end human trafficking continues  why  because every a…
conner robbins of west point stopped by my office to say hello yesterday  if you are planning a trip to washingto…
 i just want to do god s will  and he s allowed me to go up to the mountain  and i ve looked over  and i ve seen th…
congratulations to my cousin  tanner lee  on being drafted by the  jaguars  
  senatedems made the choice to side with political games over the health care of 9 million children  this is just…
keep in mind  it wasn t long ago that policymakers were saying that our days of such growth were over  but this is…
rt  osssociety  watch the oss congressional gold medal ceremony today at 3 p m  on
rt  mollymotoole    mactxpress saying trump defense ramp up shouldn t be contingent on other budget cuts    
richard overton turns 112 next month and is believed to be the oldest man in the us  he is a  wwii  veteran and the…
moving swiftly in the 115th to create solutions for the american people 
icymi   washtimes highlighted why investing in our water infrastructure is vital to our economy  read my op-ed here…
rt  desi9ndevil  fantastic dcflyin with the  lhachamber on behalf of  humbleisd  tx ed standup4 public schools harveyrecovery
  drnealdunnfl2 in  thehill   as the son of a veteran  the father of a veteran and a veteran myself  i am committed…
harrisburg bureau of fire chief brian enterline is a great public servant  we ve been privileged to work with him o…
icymi 
brand new four lane roads in areas that don t have traffic don t make sense when there isn t enough investment in t…
here s an example of how the nation s positive economy is creating opportunity   homedepot announced there are…
thank you  realdonaldtrump for praising my new immigration reform bill  we need house leadership to work with us a…
had an incredible meeting today w/ dr  art boerner  who works w/ drug-addicted mothers-to-be and babies  helping th…
rt  housecommerce  live now  sub energy convenes hearing titled  examining the state of electric transmission infrastructure  investment  p…
rt  housegop  retweet to thank law enforcement officers all across this country  they are truly our heroes in blue 
 no taxpayer should have to pay taxes on taxes   lance said   the state and local tax deduction should be restored…
yesterday on npr  i discussed common misconceptions about the new tax reform framework released on wednesday 
rt  proudtomfrinmi   repmikebishop our featured michigan manufacturer is  peckhaminc in your district  providing job opportunities for th…
rt  alextdaugherty    mariodb part of the congressional delegation that met with  netanyahu
rt  congressdotgov  recently presented to the president-h r 1150 by  repchrissmith
additionally  cvs is taking savings from taxreform & investing it in putting more  minuteclinics in their stores t…
rt  repclayhiggins  we must enforce our immigration laws  crackdown on sanctuary cities  and combat illegal immigration  that means more bo…
thanks to  redcross for the opportunity to send christmas cards to our troops  our servicemembers at home and abroa…
happy first day of school  fultoncoschools  wishing you a great first day & an even better school year  back to school
congratulations  senshelby on this prestigious chairmanship 
rt  secretarysonny  always great to be with you   repdavidvaladao  i am continuously amazed by the vast agricultural bounty of the central…
thank you  potus &  housegop &  gopsenate
rt  mercatus  from energy subsidies to business loans  the omnibus is full of special interest handouts 
mariner-5 memorial dedication set for tuesday  april 11  2017
roskam calls proposed cuts to great lakes project  a serious error  via  suntimes
it was great to see you 
rt  westerncaucus  today  the caucus called on congress to finally terminate the obama  epa s massive and job-killing wotus rule - necessar…
we are now considering h r  5473  better pain management through better data act find all bills from today s…
rep  sensenbrenner will host 5 townhall meetings today starting   9 00am ct  you can find upcoming meetings    wi05 
asking  secretarysonny more about the details of the federal disaster relief program for our growers 
although paul s retirement will certainly be a loss for congress  i respect his decision & look forward to seeing w…
you re both heroes to so many of us  i m inspired every day by your courage and strength 
rt  anna_giaritelli  house republicans are coming out now and saying legislative fix to daca must be considered  this is big 
today & always we thank our veterans for selflessly putting their lives on the line to protect our democracy & our…
rt  senatorisakson  today  potus took additional steps to help ensure a successful transition to civilian life for our veterans by helping…
the republican majorities in the 114th congress must send a message to pres  obama and the world  opp4 all  heritage
today  as we celebrate israel s 70th independence day  we also celebrate opening a new u s  embassy in the city of…
please stay alert and aware of other closures due to extreme weather conditions 
rt  effiecraven  thanks  repfranklucas for leadership on hunger  the 1 in 6 oklahomans facing food insecurity have a champion in congress …
today is national prescription take back day  which is an opportunity to safely dispose unused & expired medication …
this morning i ran into former la dodger  san diego padre  and should be hall of famer  steve garvey and his wife c…
rt  brazoriacounty   brazoriacounty will be conducting a final pass for debris pickup in november  for more info d…
happy mothers day to north texas moms  thanks for all you do 
rt  housecommerce  watch  today we debut our  personal stories from the opioid crisis  video series  highlighting individuals and families…
talking to  toddstarnes today at 11 35am central on  foxnewsradio  will weigh in on mike pompeo s senate confirmati…
this was a great week for our us-israeli relationship  in addition to the smart move of withdrawing from the very f…
what we need to be concerned about when it comes to  ai  is teaching it bias  politicotech  politico
fun fact  did you know that one of the defenders of the alamo  charles zanco  was danish  after immigrating to the…
i ll take mine strong  hold the beer  great to see this is a weekly event at  foursaintsbrew in asheboro   nc06… 
rt  wfmy  time to look at paying college athletes  nc rep  mark walker
thanks again to the tens of thousands of citizens who participated in today s historic marchfor life in our nation …
  ap reports  tax bill beginning to deliver bigger paychecks to workers   good news continuously rolling in thanks…
  senjohnmccain is spot on with his analysis of the senate    whatdotheydo
on this day in 1794  congress authorized the creation of  usnavy  congratulations on 224 years of men and women forg…
hensarling applauds reversal of harmful  cfpb action on auto lending ↓  cfpb 
i bought some thin mints from the girl scouts at the food city in gate city on my way to the scott county chamber o…
rt  repgrothman  happy national small business week to the 29 million small businesses that are the backbone of our economy and our communit…
rt  repkevinbrady  happening now  today is the start of a series of  waysandmeansgop hearings about how tax reform is growing the economy …
the monthly jobs report from the labor department shows that tax reform is working  200 000 jobs added in january …
check out  farmbureau s timeline today w/ answers from president  zippyduvall on questions about  wotus 
witnesses at yesterday s  housescience hearing shared potential new applications for blockchain  including how this…
great news for nv  another bipartisan lands transfer bill headed to the white house for signature  learn more here 
 mepfuller actually there were three - one was full and i was recycling the other two
today is election day  make sure to make your voice count  to find your polling place in pa  visit --&gt 
it was an honor to welcome brooke powers  the only winner of the 2018 milken educator award from kentucky  to the c…
my statement on  hudgov approval of texas state action plan for  57 8 million in cdbg-dr funds …
economic growth isn t just tax reform  we must ensure our assistance programs encourage  rather than discourage work
reassuring news to farmers across our district as they prepare their fields for the 2018 crop and the house ag comm…
rt  houseforeign  10amet  consideration of four foreign affairs bills
honda plant celebrates 25 million engines
last friday  i led 154 representatives in sending a letter to the president of turkey demanding he release pastor a…
i wrapped up a busy week of traveling throughout al-02 with a visit to the autauga county technology center in prat…
rt  amhistorymuseum  on this day in 1968  dr  martin luther king jr  is shot and killed in memphis  tennessee  today  50 years later  we re…
last night  i stopped by medley s music night  hosted for the town s seniors by mayor martell 
small lenders in mn-06 are reconsidering even offering mortgage loans due to the additional regs  this is harmful t…
onthisday in 1968  martin luther king jr  was assassinated at the lorraine motel in memphis  tennessee  today  on…
happy birthday to a great colleague  fellow texan  and chairman of  rulesreps   petesessions 
thanks to  mi06  representatives of the national association of area agencies on aging for coming in today to discus…
heartbreaking news this morning from las vegas  join me in prayer for the victims and families affected by this senseless violence 
it is an honor to receive the  uschamber spirit of enterprise award  we have made great strides to help businesses…
news   gopleader meets with members of chamber story by  lockwoodfrank  thesenrec ar4 arnews arpx
today we lost 2 members of  gcsoflorida in an unconscionable tragedy  as we learn more details of the shooting  ple…
rt  dcexaminer   congress is just as broken as its budget 
i am excited to announce my 2018 appointments to the united states service academies  it s a great privilege each y…
 the ultimate measure of a man is not where he stands in moments of comfort and convenience  but where he stands at…
saturday is national prescription drug take back day  do your part to combat prescription drug misuse and dispose o…
rt  rsi  why h r  2997  the 21st century airr act  is vital for  faanews reform ✈️  transport  repbillshuster
happy 240th birthday to the  usmc  semper fi
bringing new jobs to sw wash  is one of my top priorities  i introduced a bipartisan bill to repeal an antiquated l…
today the house will vote to end trafficking with a bill that enhances punishment for sex traffickers and provides…
watch live  composite materials – strengthening infrastructure development
thank you  potus for signing  ndaa  today  this law provides our troops with the tools and equipment that match their skills and proficiency 
southwest washington s regional transportation committee needs to weigh in on oregon s tolling plan at their commit…
looking forward to hearing from  realdonaldtrump at tonight s state of the union address  tune in now to watch live…
 houseadmngop approves house  stem  competition regulations
i m pleased we were able to secure a 2-year funding for secure rural schools today  which was included in the house…
the american people deserve the truth  release the memo
calling all high school coders  only 1 week left in my congressional app challenge - submit your app here 
rt  housecommerce  chairman  repgregwalden  sub health chairman  michaelcburgess and sub oversight chairman  greggharper on ruling to prote…
rt  pagop    repbillshuster  here s why americans need real tax reform lead right
congratulations to hannah mrozak of richfield on making it on to team adam on  nbcthevoice  thevoice
it was -8 yesterday but the trails in the western u p  are in great shape  i m thankful for time spent at home with…
my weekly enewsletter is a great way to stay up-to-date on my work in the north country and washington d c  click h…
  sanjaccollege officials visited with me in washington this week  we had a good time talking about education init…
 rockygamas93 thanks for the birthday wishes 
are you interested in participating in the  al06  congressional art competition  the 2018 rules and deadlines can be…
rt  soflinfo  thank you to the staff of  reptedyoho for having us today and understanding the importance of health and education  s o hill da…
glad to see  housecommerce advance the ace research act - bill from me &  repdebdingell that will better allow nih…
for a wealthy person   1 500 may not seem like that much  but to middle-class people and those living paycheck-to-p…
senator tim scott and i will be signing books at  booksamillion in columbia  sc tomorrow morning  for free tickets…
happy birthday  marines   usmc242 
the omaha veterans affairs ambulatory care clinic is a great community story  this extraordinary public-private par…
rt  repjasonlewis  it s the last tax day you ll have to file under our broken code  now taxpayers across the country & in cd2 will file w/…
it was a privilege to meet with nir barkat  the mayor of jerusalem  at the aipac reception  we are committed to the…
proud to support the bipartisan  fosta  bill  which creates a new federal crime for websites that intend to facilita…
we need pro-growth policies to get our economy moving again  getting info  and answers from experts today   hearing
happy birthday   usarmyreserve 
rt  netanyahu  thank you president trump for keeping your promise to recognize jerusalem as israel s capital and to move your embasssy here…
rt  repabraham  it s never too early to teach them about agriculture  happy 5th birthday to my grandson  who wanted to play with farm anim…
rt  waysandmeansgop  tomorrow  w&m will mark up multiple bills aimed at combating our country s opioidcrisis  learn more ⬇️
rt  speakerryan  first lady barbara bush was a force who loved her family and our country passionately  the flag at the  uscapitol flies at…
last time we had this much winning in the world was when reagan was pres  i was proud to be special ass t to reagan…
rt  dcexaminer   a return to truth  justice  and the american way  by  repbradwenstrup
rt  natresources  our nation s water and power infrastructure are vital to our economy   repnewhouse s bill streamlines the  usbr &  usindi…
  fltonettewalker and i have committed ourselves to promoting trauma-informed care because we believe it has the po…
i spoke with the  albanybizreview about my bipartisan trip to south korea  we discussed diplomatic  military  and e…
for what it s worth mr  west  congress is good at spending one and wasting the other 
i m in philly today for  yrnf national conference  glad to have the opportunity to sit on panels to discuss infrast…
thank you   realdonaldtrump for helping keep americans safe 
a federal ban on slaughtering dogs and cats for human consumption was just approved by a u s  house committee  the…
  mrsb1stgraders thanks for your question  ask buddy
rt  repgoodlatte  joined a bipartisan  bicameral group of 15 members of congress to file an amicus brief in the pending scotus ruling on so…
i was proud to vote for the cybersecurity and infrastructure security agency act which passed the house  this impor…
details from  ustreasury 
rt  stewsays  but    obama administration   the thing is   40 is real money for working families   that money buys things like school lunch…
sign up for my weekly email newsletter to stay up to date about what i m doing in washington 
it was a pleasure to meet with these hardworking small biz owners from around  tx24   these local business leaders a…
great to meet with you today 
3 american prisoners released from north korea  if you haven t noticed the incredible diplomatic work taking place…
opioid abuse frequently begins with extra prescription medication left lying around  today is national take back d…
rt  repjenniffer  today i m welcoming my colleagues of the  housevetaffairs  drphilroe  repbradwenstrup who accepted my invitation to come…
rt  hurdonthehill   sonsa  panel happening now →
congratulations to  deseretfirst credit union on the opening of their new operations center in west valley city …
 we re here to seek solution to and examine how the relationship between police and the public has become so fractured  l e taskforce
rt  waysandmeansgop  today s hearing on  tax extenders  is a real opportunity to change our approach and continue to deliver the certainty…
rt  whitehouse  the two turkeys  drumstick and wishbone  participating in this year s national thanksgiving turkey pardoning ceremony have…
rt  fiudc  thank you   repcurbelo for your support of our foster youth initiatives and  fiuresearch esp  with hurricane related research an…
rt  robwittman  cno has projected the 355ship navy vision  secnav provided an excellent acquisition strategy  and the industrial base is p…
  repjimrenacci   as a businessman  it is hard to imagine that in 2018 i would still be using technology created mo…
last week i spoke with larry king about the prospect of withdrawing our troops from syria  listen here 
rt  congbillposey   angelicahale and  herrerabeutler stopped by to have a facebook live chat about kidney disease this afternoon
icymi- i am proud of my efforts to improve the transition process for our veterans 
good news/bad news for louisiana flood victims  via  youtube
unemployment is down across the u s  especially in texas  republican policies are creating more american jobs 
central texas is leading the way in cte  c t e month career tech ed
obama got us in this war  trump needs to get us out asap  no congressional authorization whatsoever  which means o…
tune in to  foxbusiness this morning  talking to  varneyco at 8 15am central about the spending bill that was signe…
thank you for the invitation to come by and visit today  the  cadillacymca is doing good work in the community 
thanks to the schuyler county soil and water conservation for having us to their annual lunch and award ceremony 
if it s going to hurt californians  postpone some of the tax plan  leave no taxpayer behind  my column 
happening now   natresources legislative hearing on the power counties act
obamacare individual mandate should be repealed in the tax bill  let s get it done 
rt  gregabbott_tx  thank you  michaelcburgess  texas wouldn t have gotten the 1115 waiver without your help 
will be on  foxfriendsfirst at around 5 15 am tomorrow  talking about the strikes in syria 
rt  riponsociety  from the advance -  bipartisan bill co-authored by  repmiketurner would slap new sanctions on russia  -
excellent story about an exceptional guy 
4-person family in idaho s 1st district w/median income gets  2 102 tax cut in 2018  cash showing up in february p…
last tax day under the old and outdated tax code 
rt  denisegrimsley  appreciate work of  repdennisross  tomrooney and our fla congressional delegation on this
rt  repjohnlewis  if dr  martin luther king jr  was preaching today  he would be speaking the idea that we are one people  one family  one…
rt  justinamash  you re going to hear and read the false  tired assertion that the war powers resolution  or act  allows the president to t…
it s championship saturday here in lincoln  good luck to all of the girls playing in the nebraska state basketball championships today 
rt  openlandmt  exciting support for alex diekmann peak   stevedaines  senatortester  repryanzinke  tpl_org
rt  senjohnhoeven  good luck to all the anglers in devils lake today for the largest icefishing derby in the country 
shortly  i will be speaking on the  housefloor regarding my bill to stop taxpayer-funded sexual harassment settleme…
rt  mikegorsegner  what a busy day in washingtondc  talked to  repscottperry at the  uscapitol about tax reform  healthcare and medical ma…
we are continuing our work combating the opioid epidemic at  housecommerce with a full committee hearing today on a…
i hope you and your family have a very merry christmas  joy to the world merry christmas
rt  afphq    repmobrooks is right to criticize the recently-passed spending bill  it s chock full of corporate welfare  and it undermines h…
ty to everyone who came out yesterday to my peconic mobile office hours  missed mobile office hours  call my office…
rt  frcdc   we re talking about living breathing babies  babies born in the image of a loving creator with inherent human dignity    repdia…
we are so lucky to have a community like port orange in  fl06   congratulations on celebrating 150 years 
only a few minutes until  potus makes his first  sotu  address to congress  you can find a live video from the…
virginia is a technology hub  and this selection by sec  chao and her team at the  usdot highlights even more that…
continue reading here 
today  i joined ms  kester s class at central middle school in norwood young america to congratulate ella  samantha…
i m hosting a town hall on saturday  rsvp required  visit the link to learn more 
  housegop continues to lead on rebuilding our infrastructure  and that includes our nation s airports  the faa rea…
rt  roslehtinen  thx  tomrooney  we need to continue the fight against lupus so that those impacted have more treatment options and  hopef…
decent  affordable 🏘 are essential for prosperous & stable communities  this national housing weekof action proud we…
live from the capitol  chairman  repkevinbrady &  gopleader will join  beckyquick &  joesquawk from 8 30-9am for a…
chairman  repmarkwalker  the republican study committee supports the will of the iranian people who seek freedom of…
big turnout at annual  irish-americans in government  st  patrick s day lunch at the carltun in the park restaurant…
true heroes run towards danger  selflessly risking their lives to protect those around them  it was a privilege to…
no surprise here - so many impressive women call minnesota home  during womens history month  let s remember those w…
hasc military personnel releases mark for  fy19ndaa   ndaa  - supporting and protecting our warfighters with the care…
rt  randpaul  i m introducing a bill to end aid to pakistan in the coming days  my bill will take the money that would have gone to pakista…
rt  repdlamborn  i wrote a letter to the navy two weeks ago with  rephartzler and over 40 members urging them to seriously consider the ram…
icymi  it s hurricane preparedness week  being prepared is the best defense against disaster …
rt  seaportnw  at recommendation of congressman  davereichert  ceo john wolfe testified to u s  house ways and means committee on effects o…
today the house voted to ensure american families and businesses like those i represent in  nc10  have access to our…
it was an honor to spend the day at tyndall air force base and help rename the facility that houses the air combat…
 repbilljohnson thanks 
my bill to spur clean  renewable geothermal development in idaho up in  natresources tuesday   idahostatesman stor…
thank you for the incredible work you re doing in our tennessee communities   tn06 
welcome  sir  semper fi  ca08 
michael - legislation has been introduced & it is my understanding bipartisan negotiations continue  i do not sit o…
i had the privilege to speak with the board of trustees from  otcedu this afternoon  we spoke about their new cente…
i had the pleasure of introducing a resolution written by the dedicated students of the weiss school in palm beach…
rt  reprodblum  join  repdesantis and i in 10 minutes to discuss our drain the swamp measures on facebook live 
i m cosponsoring this group of bipartisan bills that will strengthen background checks across the country and fund…
finishing up votes and heading out of committee after 18hours of markup straight repealobamacare
today is national vietnam war veterans day  i encourage you to find one of the brave men or women who served our coun…
pleased to visit data sales in burnsville today to speak with employees about the wonderful benefits of tax reform—…
 wendykrause5 common misconception  even among congressmen  is that a member of congress would have more  standing …
 160m sunbury predicted to be  energy hub  via  dailyitem
this morning at 10am et  we will begin day 2 of the  housecommerce subhealth hearing on 20  bills that seek to tac…
 statedept  vp  usembassyottawa congrats to my friend kelly knight craft who was sworn in as our canadian ambassado…
nics denial notification act  which i m an original sponsor of  would require fed authorities to report to state la…
rt  westerncaucus  passed  the house will be sending this bill by  reptipton to the senate after it was agreed to tonight by voice vote  co…
 1/2  for far too many years  countless wounded warriors had their disability severance pay improperly taxed becaus…
it s been only nine months since whip scalise was shot  and he s doing great  you can t keep the louisiana legend d…
i pushed the st  croix river crossing project through the house because of the economic benefit it would bring to w…
proud to attend veterans day celebrations around district 12 to honor our heroes 
 kaycee_314  repgoodlatte agreed  and that is why  repgoodlatte was a co-sponsor of kateslaw  and continues to wo…
we must speak the truth about the 1915 armenian genocide  the truth is the best way to learn from and protect others from such atrocities 
during national teacher appreciation week  it s great seeing north country teachers being recognized for their dedic…
skills from the battlefield don t always translate seamlessly into the civilian job market  my legislation supports…
the services provided by emergency medical services  ems  are a critical component of our healthcare policy  i m pr…
3  i introduced an amendment which requires the air force space cadre to start a training regime to ensure our spac…
good read   this new state-level revenue has empowered state lawmakers to reduce tax rates on their own hardworking…
on national ag day we celebrate and recognize the industry that provides us with farmers  producers and ranchers who…
make no mistake about it  the nsc works for  realdonaldtrump  it s his team  vision & foreign policy decisions  sha…
it was great to join the aurora chamber of commerce 63rd annual awards dinner last night  congratulations to all of…
we are saddened to hear the news of the passing of barbara bush  she was an iconic advocate for literacy and…
rt  ohiostate  in honor of opening day
rt  housegop  for far too many years  dodd-frank has been creating challenges for small banks and lending institutions - the ones that you…
billy graham made a lasting impact on our nation  known as  america s pastor   he called our nation to prayer and h…
rt  burginjill  what an excellent showing  nice job  wcsbms representing  cityofbrentwood    
as we approach a possible schumer shutdown  let s not forget when  senschumer said  shutting down the government  o…
this morning the military construction and veterans affairs subcommittee of  houseappropsgop is marking up the fy19…
rt  facethenation  sunday on  facethenation   senatortimscott and  tgowdysc join  margbrennan to discuss their new book  unified  join us…
my first read of the day   confirm mike pompeo to fill the void at state 
bipartisan support tonight to improve accountability & transparency  deptvetaffairs and protect business opportunities for veterans 
rt  nasa  28 years ago today  we launched  nasahubble to explore the cosmos  since then  this space-based telescope has given us a window s…
chairman  repgoodlatte s statement on the inclusion of the cloud act in the omnibus 
the drive-safe act  ✅addresses the trucking industry s driver shortage ✅opens up more job opportunities for hoosie…
as an air force veteran  i know the struggles military families face  that is why i am proud the ndaa provided for…
rt  news12li  rep  zeldin  president made right move by withdrawing from iran nuclear accord  news12li
in order to fund government with our priorities  senate republicans must change their rules so majority rules  hous…
the evidence is strong that assad used chemical agents against civilians  causing many horrific deaths  while i pre…
i m proud to serve on  housecommerce  read more about our committee work so far this congress via  owensboromi 
endangered species 
with over 400 000 small businesses all across south carolina  it is imperative we continue to stick up for the smal…
my 44th telephone town hall meeting underway from my desk in washington dc where i will be voting on the floor this…
happening now  i m on the house floor to lead debate on the social security child protection act  my bill to provid…
mac speaks on floor of the house about hr 428  which just passed 250-171  you can learn more about his bill here …
rt  repkinzinger  america has an opioid abuse problem  & it has already plagued countless communities across illinois  on  housecommerce …
rt  thestate  sc s mark sanford meets with students from florida school shooting
gov  brown can call me and other critics of the high-speed rail boondoggle whatever he chooses  i m going to defend…
rt  garyshapiro  taxreform has spurred the creation of thousands of new jobs across the u s   including many in michigan  my thoughts on t…
rt  freefiletaxes  it s tax season  check out freefilealliance
sending prayers to the families and loved ones of taylor conrad and the other three marines who lost their lives ye…
 uvu_cnss  govherbert thank you for coming 
talking about building a 355ship navy at  seaairspace 
release  chairman walker leads letter on individual mandate repeal in tax reform 
release  dr  benishek pushes for long-term energy solution in michigan s up energy
my thoughts and prayers go out to the families of the guardsmen involved in today s crash  this fatal training acci…
honored to receive the  rotary 2018 polio eradication champion award yesterday  officially eradicating polio once a…
 aggie_gr  tamuanrp  mcisd  ageconomics great work  blane  gigem  tx08 
wipp is only successful thanks to the workforce  community  & leaders who have worked tirelessly to support the fac…
i recently wrote an op-ed for the patterson irrigator about central valley s dire need for better water infrastruct…
we ve got some great pics from the first few months of 2018 that we wanted to share 
on the floor debating hr 1994  a bill that brings real changes to the way the va operates  my amendment will come up for debate soon 
are you planning a visit to washington  d c  over spring break  my office is available to help arrange tours of the…
rt  j_gallagherad3  today   casenatorjim   replamalfa and i reiterated our request to delay the  ferc relicensing of oroville dam til unres…
for too long  government regulations have hindered access to credit for families and small businesses  have governm…
to strengthen the transition assistance program  i introduced the navy seal chief petty officer william  bill  muld…
i want to congratulate my friend  rep_stevewomack for being selected to serve as the next chairman of the house bud…
learn more on the pslf technical corrections act  h r  4399  legislation  repbrendanboyle and i introduced …
the average family in my district will save  1 875 on their tax bill due to the tax cuts and jobs act  more than 3…
rt  repkevinyoder  the great american comeback continues  ✅ unemployment below 4%📉 ✅ lowest jobless rate since 2000📉 ✅ fastest wage growth…
what are you doing tomorrow night  join my telephonetownhall at 6 45pm cst to ask questions & get an update from m…
the goal was simple  to create more jobs  fairer taxes  and bigger paychecks for hard-working families  thanks to t…
rt  housescience  tomorrow ⤵️
rt  countywire  text sbunited to 71777  we are san bernardino strong  please donate to help the victims 
rt  brewers  happy opening day  plus  4 more days until we see u april2 
with a new tax code  it might be time for a  paycheck checkup  to make sure you see the tax cuts properly reflected…
rt  housevetaffairs  chairman  drphilroe conducted oversight at the denver replacement va medical center this past week to check on the fac…
just wrapped up a meeting with stu johnson and representatives from connect ohio discussing ways to improve broadba…
enjoyed being at the grand opening of the new  southlandhomes manufacturing facility in saluda this afternoon  we a…
w/ mandatory medicare demos  unelected bureaucrats are experimenting w/ seniors  care  hearing underway ⇉
because of the tax cutsand jobs act  employees at sonderen packaging in spokane  wa  are seeing  70- 300 more in thei…
across  pa   companies of all sizes are already giving bonuses  raising wages  investing and expanding their operati…
rt  tomforese  meeting with members of congress from western states to discuss saving ngs and protecting arizona s forests  thank you to  r…
rt  housegop    potus  in the aftermath of that terrible shooting  we came together  not as republicans or democrats  but as representative…
easter is a time for reflection  happy easter and i hope everyone enjoys a fulfilling day with loved ones 
rt  cnbc  trump s tariffs could cost american jobs  republican congresswoman
rt  mariabartiromo  big show tmrw   morningsmaria  foxbusiness  dagenmcdowell  brianbrenberg  garybsmith  wsj jon hilsenrath  mikeonscreen…
rt  craigcaplan  wounded officers recovery act by  repjoebarton passed unanimously in both house & senate by voice vote 
grateful to join in prayer this morning with the good people of wolfforth 
this is great news 
any regulation imposing  100 million  effect on our economy should have the approval of the people s representative…
rt  housegop  done  another major step in delivering bigger paychecks and more jobs to everyday americans → taxreform just passed in the s…
rt  repjimcosta  today  we held a hearing on the legislation i am co-leading w/  repnewhouse that aims to protect farmers who are trying t…
rt  reptimwalz  the annual bipartisan minnesota congressional delegation hotdish competition always brings out smiles 
headed to  houseappropsgop full committee mark-up of the fy17 interior & environment bill  tune in   9am et  6am pt 
last night  the house finalized passage of the national defense authorization act  this legislation finally authori…
the cuban people & heroes in the opposition movement need support of american diplomats during this crucial period…
this morning i also sat down w/  joyhollowell in the studio at  wabi_tv5 to talk about immigration reform  our bipa…
today on yom hashoah we remember the 11 million people  including six million jews  who were murdered during the ho…
in the wake of tragedy  people often turn to their government  here are some of my thoughts on what we do next …
thank you to andy keller  founder and ceo of chico bag  for allowing me to stop by and tour his growing small busin…
rt  edworkforce   i believe hardworking men & women across this country deserve to keep more of what they earn  that s what our plan offers…
thank you to my colleagues for their overwhelming support of my bill with  repteddeutch to send a clear signal to t…
rt  stevescalise  glad to see the senate  budgetgop pass its tax reform bill out of committee  one step closer to much-needed tax cuts for…
idaho students invited to service academy days  lewiston 3/1  coeur d alene 3/8  boise 4/7  pocatello 4/14  meet c…
as i get notifications on facebook from many of my friends in afghanistan marking themselves  safe  from the recent…
tonight   potus will give his first  sotu  address to congress  tune in for the live event here 
for every iowan  how many pigs are in the state 
great piece by  humanesociety about how service dogs can help our vets  proud to partner with  reptimwalz on hr2225 
rt  shannonshepp  growing up in the citrus capitol of the world  repdennisross knows what s at stake  says florida needs more funds for dis…
what a fantastic group of creative young artists i was able to meet yesterday in lake havasu  easterart
rt  repandybarr  critics of the tax cuts and jobs act are wrong  in april  the government took in a record monthly budget surplus of  218 bill…
rt  repwebster  it appears i will be nominated for speaker of the house  i am humbled and honored by the confidence many of my colleagues h…
rt  alzimpact  thank you  congressmangt for cosponsoring the b o l d alzheimers act  investing in a nationwide alzheimer s public health respon…
new year  new tax code → not only will the tax cutsand jobs act protect american workers & stop jobs from moving over…
listen live now as i talk with  morningbriefing about  potus s trip to  mo03  today and how taxreform will benefit…
i just voted to fund our government   chip   and our military—again  why  because democrats walked away from a bipar…
what an amazing honor to spend time last week with these american heroes who were in washington…
about to chat with  raymondarroyo  who is subbing in for  ingrahamangle today  tune in   tgif 
enjoyed spending time with ashton and chase today from oxford   al03  builtby bama calhoun co
tomorrow  kolaches with the congressman  fema & sba reps will be there to answer additional questions  more details→
…it only makes the problem worse & the choices more difficult bc some options will no longer be on the table 
pretty sure this guy s there to take care of a passport issue 
happy independence day  we re so blessed to live in this great land  a nation that was founded on freedom and liberty  4th of july2017
rt  housesbcdems  ranking member  nydiavelazquez has joined with chairman  repstevechabot to proclaim next week national small business week …
thank you to north hills middle school for allowing  google and me to equip our kids with the resources they need t…
rt  housegop  the tax cutsand jobs act brings another win for the american people →  americanair and  southwestair employees getting a  1 000…
i wrapped up today s small business week visits at euphrates cheese in johnstown  euphrates cheese has helped highli…
rt  repdesantis  the wrangling with doj & rosenstein has gone on for too long  i ve joined my colleagues to ask the president to declassify…
icymi  new townhall meeting photos are posted on rep  sensenbrenner s official website   wi05 
wishing my beautiful wife  dee dee  the happiest of birthdays  i thank the lord every day for bringing you into my…
rt  houseagnews  87% of americans  81% of those living in poverty  agree--you should be working to receive benefits —la times/aei poll  thi…
rt  housecommerce  sub oversight chairman  greggharper quoted  politifact in his questioning of mark zuckerberg regarding the similarities…
i m pleased that  potus has ended the dangerous iran nuclear deal  this was a bad deal from the start  and i m hear…
rt  entergyms  in cooperation with the mississippi public service commission  we filed our preliminary plan for implementing tax reform tod…
i fully support president trump s missile strike against syria  the actions of the syrian regime are deplorable and unacceptable 
rt  wkrg  happy international firefighters day  make sure to thank the brave men and women who risk their lives for us every day 
 there is an old saying   the president proposes and congress disposes    republican leonard lance  co-chairman of…
happy 275th birthday to our third president  thomas jefferson  today and every day we must work to advance the idea…
rt  stevescalise  happy birthday to my friend  speakerryan  cheers 
rt  steveknight25  utility bills around the country are dropping thanks to tax reform  just another of the growing list of benefits for eve…
joining  dcexaminer to discuss the importance of passing a farmbill  good to be here w/ my colleagues  rephartzler…
more than 75% of people in  oh07  filing taxes use the standard deduction  tax cutsand jobs act doubles it to help eve…
ca families shouldn t have to pay more for gas because sacramento keeps mismanaging taxpayer resources repealit
it was a privilege to speak with students at upson-lee high school and talk about critical issues ranging from scho…
while it s good that ag sessions is probing fisa abuse  this should be done by a special counsel  not the inspector…
potus  opening bid is amnesty for 1 8 million illegals  democrats want citizenship for 11 or more million  let s st…
video  why is epa planning to send its employees overseas to enforce non-binding international climate agreements 
rt  andrewleetcnt  thanks to  reptomemmer for sharing information on national takeback day  learn more   tcnt 
happening now on the house floor  i ll be giving a speech to honor the veterans esteem team in lapeer county  watch…
rt  repandybarr  thanks to the savings from the tax cutsand jobs act   kroger will hire 11 000 employees and invest  500 million in associate…
rt  housegop  we re focused on issues that matter to you  and our record proves it  did you know
rt  vp  a big step toward delivering  potus  tax cut plan for the american people 
ending the use of social security numbers on these cards is vitally important to protect our seniors & other medica…
rt  aaronflint  ryan zinke slams dod for demanding return of military bonuses m t pol from guard members  kgvoam
happening now  the  houseappropsgop subcommittee on homeland security is holding a hearing on the fy19 budget reque…
rt  speakerryan  more than 80 million customers across 39 states will see lower utility bills as a result of tax reform  this is a big deal…
taxreformtuesday  waysandmeansgop
h r  4 will help american job creators lead in a global marketplace for aviation  improve and modernize our airport…
 we are going to rebuild america s crumbling infrastructure   -  potus  realdonaldtrump - investments in roads  bri…
visited  teleflexinc in maple grove  a manufacturer of sophisticated medical devices  tight margins mean the medica…
to hear their concerns  i met with veterans from  americanlegion posts in ephrata  oroville  tonasket  and from ac…
we are now considering h r  5102  substance use disorder workforce loan repayment act find all bills from today s…
congresswoman castor and i released a statement on the introduction of the ace kids act  speak now for kids
thank you to  indianaesgr for inviting me to share a few words last night and congratulations to ame swiss machinin…
house republicans have done their job and sent legislation to the senate to keep the government open  extend…
rt  foxnews    jim_jordan on clinton probe   until this week  we hadn t seen much difference between this attorney general and the holder a…
happy mother s day  my grandma gave me this advice when i was pregnant with our oldest   say yes when you can  beca…
i joined senator  johnboozman today on the first day of the talk small yall business tour  we previously completed t…
prs  headed up by ceo  wendy gradison  brings hope to thousands of people every year through their suicide hotlines…
spoke on the house floor to recognize deputy andrew jenkins of the  eatoncosheriff s office for being awarded the c…
 2/2  during the convo  you can choose the most convenient way to participate  to receive a phone call during the e…
happening now  facebook ceo mark zuckerberg is testifying before the  housecommerce committee  while i welcome an a…
i enjoyed learning about their day to day on campus  hearing about plans after graduation and seeing the glider pla…
rt  thehillbaseball  please tune in to the house floor to see democratic manager mike doyle and gop manager congressman joe barton   
yesterday i stopped by elmore county high school to check out the student-run first community bank branch on campus…
take a look at the video below to see what i did this week in washington   
the democrats  decision to shut down the government is shameful and unacceptable  i will be in washington  d c  wor…
pockets of the country are in desperate need of revitalization  opportunity zones encourage investors to pour capit…
rt  housegop  we are live to celebrate the end of our 32-year-old tax code and all that is to come with the tax cutsand jobs act →
happy new year  wishing my  tx31  neighbors a blessed and prosperous 2018 
the growing opioid epidemic continues to claim thousands of lives in california  i spoke on the house floor this e…
tomorrow i ll be hosting a facebook live town hall at 11am  looking forward to answering any questions you have  tu…
ohio congressional delegation to secretary mattis  camp ravenna ideal location for missile defense site--…
in this month s terror threat snapshot  terror in europe spikes with 206 isis-related incidents in 17 countries  rea…
rt  speakerryan  tonight  the house observed a moment of silence in memory of the innocent lives lost in sutherland springs  texas 
also in van wert to tour braun industries where they make 🚑  they discussed how the tax cutsand jobs act has helped…
i thoroughly enjoyed meeting with  indiana_soy to discuss trade and the upcoming farm bill today  it is always a pl…
wishing everyone a blessed and happy easter 
on this day in 1907  oklahoma became the 46th state admitted to the union  happy oklahoma statehood day 
had so much fun this weekend checking out the  playhouses on the plaza  which benefit habitat for humanity of smith…
it was wonderful to meet with you and hannah  thank you for coming to the office today  enjoy your visit to washing…
i will be joining  arthelneville on  anhqdc at 6 30et/4 30mt today to discuss syrian strikes and what this means to…
rt  joplinglobe  students at west central elementary school were able to enjoy a meal that came from their hard work — the ones who like sp…
holy cow  the leaks coming from dems on  houseintelcomm are out of control  witnesses come in for hours of testimon…
rt  housegop    repbradwenstrup  your government should work for you  not the other way around  that s why  for the first time since 1986 …
happy birthday to our co-worker and friend  mary-langston willis 
productive discussion yesterday with my friends from  norpacofficial  the alliance between the us and israel remain…
spent the afternoon behind the counter at sprint foods in augusta  thanks for giving me a tour and showing me aroun…
 drmichellesays  karenabcdefg  mosesthegolden1 crudeness & vulgarity pouring out of lib/left tweeters reflects ignorance & limited skills
rt  hascrepublicans  chairman  mactxpress requests that hr 2810  fy18ndaa  conference report is brought up on the house  housefloor
kira mullins  high school senior from wellston and eleven-year member of the country classics 4-h club  in dc as pa…
enjoyed speaking with the pa state assoc  of township supervisors yesterday  i always like meeting with local leade…
rt  michworksassn  our ceo  luanndunsford joined the  shopfloornam for a business influencers roundtable with  repmikebishop and  michworks…
catching up with  talk1073 now 
here s a great story about a cenla resident  htet htet rodgers  who beat the odds and became a powerful voice for t…
yesterday  i had the opportunity to meet with interior secretary ryan zinke  about the threat offshore oil drilling…
happy national nurses week to all of the hardworking nurses in  il13   including my wife  shannon  this is a photo of…
rt  yourvoiceatirs  veterans plan to join  yourvoiceatirs and  repmarkwalker and numerous community partners  at the free tax problem solv…
rt  houseagnews    congressmangt  whether it s bad luck  bad decisions  life circumstances  they find themselves financially in distress an…
great to be back at my home rotary club  oprotary with so many longtime friends  my mentor in ksleg gerry ray firs…
rt  tomrooney  thanks to  mikiebarb for a great  thoughtful interview 
the leadership of  speakerryan will certainly be missed  see my full statement below 
tax day2018
this week  the alaska delegation secured a temporary extension for vessel incidental discharge regulations for alas…
i sat with students during their breakfast and when the bell rang  i watched students walk to the garbage can and d…
the g r o w act 🌱will ensure our communities have the water we depend on  learn more →
another hotdish competition in the books  unfortunately  i didn t come away with the win  but i certainly enjoyed t…
pro-growth policies are working 
the highest percentage of americans think the country is on the right track since 2007 according to a new cnn poll …
hosting forum on combating human trafficking next week
sad to hear of bob dorough s passing  he reached millions of americans  and made learning fun   with his creative a…
for  oh02  families  tax reform doubles the child tax credit - up to  2 000 per child - and continues to allow you t…
happy birthday  usnavy  seapower to protect and promote 
important hearing on our continued  bipartisan work to combat the heartbreaking opioid epidemic -&gt 
we have a 13-page solution to protect you wherever you go online  watch to find out 
rt  alzadvocatejenn  we know we will never find a cure for alzheimer s if we do not invest in research  that is why we are so grateful for…
rt  housejudiciary    housejudiciary marking up two bills today at 10am   allow states and victims to fight online sex trafficking act   hr… 
there is no justification for disparities in the merger review processes and standards  today  the house will vote…
rt  reprobbrooks  thank you to constituents who took time out of their busy schedule to attend my town hall meeting in jackson this morning…
when someone joins the military  it s not just a job—it s a family commitment to our country  to all the…
i have read the memo  the sickening reality has set in  i no longer hold out hope there is an innocent explanation…
great discussion at the  uschamber luncheon in dallas about reinvigorating our economy and putting america first 
enjoyed speaking with lt  gen thomas stafford about the future of spaceflight and nasa ahead of his testimony tomor…
michael kelly  mayor of the city of harvard   the city of harvard has taken advantage of the benefits of this tool…
with wheatfield town supervisor don macswan and niagara county economic development for a tour of jacobs ladder  ow…
rt  wi_dsps  thanks  repgallagher for meeting with  widsps  sec  gutiérrez to discuss the  wipdmp  and the great tools and resources it offer…
rt  nscorp  thx to the office of  reploubarletta for mtg  with us today to discuss the benefits of freight rail   dyk  that ns has 4 920 em…
an hour from now  i m standing up in opposition to the iran deal / watch my floor speech here   theirandeal
rt  civilwartrust   it [battlefield preservation] just helps people connect our present generation with those who gave their lives to give…
rt  cqnow  thornberry calls for low yield nukes  dampened military parade     by  patricknkelley
great to be back on the practice field today 
rt  housevetaffairs  veterans service organizations are rallying around the va mission act  here s what they re saying 
rt  redalert    goppolicy  millennial task force  offers solutions to college affordability  completion
watch   potus &  flotus made a tremendous choice in selecting preston sharp from redding  ca as a special guests fo…
the wrangling with doj & rosenstein has gone on for too long  i ve joined my colleagues to ask the president to dec…
the tax cuts and jobs act is a historic step toward fixing america s broken  outdated  uncompetitive tax code  visi…
interesting in learning about resources available to seniors in our community  be sure to stop by my workshop in se…
for christmas we want lower energy costs  that s not so much to ask 
rt  houseappropsgop  rt if you agree → our men and women in uniform deserve a pay raise  later today  the house will vote to give our troop…
we need to send a strong message to cities that choose to ignore the rule of law  h r  5617 sends that message 
at 2 pm est i will speak on the house floor about bills combating the u s   opioid crisis 
 obamacare s coercive individual mandate represents perhaps the worst example of the federal government violating i…
exciting news  we have reached the midpoint of the savannah harbor expansion project  this is a critical milestone…
there s nothing i enjoy more than meeting and visiting with  ga10  residents & advocates  it s important that you sh…
great breakfast in hanover township to honor our veterans 
rt  txfbjustin  it was an honor to meet you today   conawaytx11  thanks for your time 
rt  housegop    potus  atop the dome of this capitol stands the statue of freedom  she stands tall and dignified among the monuments to ou…
the subcommittee on disability assistance and memorial affairs will review four pieces of legislation at 10 30  tun…
fellow central floridians  please stay updated  have a disaster plan and be prepared  irma
today i will be visiting keuka family practice associates to learn more about how they are integrating behavioral h…
thank you to the  fortbendchamber for inviting me to give an update on my work in congress  we discussed the benefi…
rt  speakerryan  yesterday s shooting was pure evil  there s just no other way to describe it  the whole country stands with the parkland c…
you can count on me 
today marks yom hashoah in israel  holocaust remembrance day  this day honors the 75th anniversary of the warsaw gh…
highly recommend this  wsjopinion piece from president george w  bush on his relationship with reverend graham & ho…
starting soon  chairman  robert_aderholt presides over the subcommittee markup of the fy19 agriculture appropriatio…
 persistentthorn like this one 
may is military appreciation month  let us all take time to thank current and prior service members and their famili…
i look forward to working with the trump administration to pursue a strategy that will keep america and our allies safe 
we look forward to celebrating 337 more  p aproud
rt  salient_crgt  if you don t know how customers are seeing you  you can t fix it  - cong   farenthold c x summit  govexec  nextgov  frank_…
congrats  ms  holden 
rt  houbizjournal  group 1 automotive latest houston co  giving out bonuses due to tax reform 
taking away 2nd amendment rights of law abiding citizens will not defeat isis  my 5 point plan will  2a   isis 
rt  repjohnkatko  thanks to  mcmahonryancac for hosting our bipartisan  househomeland tps r tble w/  repbonnie  verahouseinc  onondaga_co_d…
 a_ronaghi  potus iranian americans know the mullah regime is source of terrorism & r supportive of efforts to thwart their evil deeds
this morning  rep  moolenaar attended baseball practice  he was uninjured in the shooting  please keep those injured in your prayers 
millions watched starman launch to space on  spacex falcon heavy  but outdated gov t rules might prevent the stunni…
see below ↓ for my statement on this year s farm bill 
recently discussed last week s airstrike against syria  health care  and my work in congress on  kfor s flash point 
rt  yestongs    lazard testifies that investors continue expressing interest in long-term operation of ngs
 tedmiller88 it s not a non-statement  it s being accurate  if you put both eggs & poultry in the same category  th…
rt  housecommerce  for sub d c c p vice chair  greggharper selfdrivingcars are personal  read more &gt &gt 
the 12th annual teacher in congress internship july 13-20  2018 offers teachers a taste of the day-to-day life of a…
i cannot think of anyone more deserving than  chief_manley to serve as the permanent chief for  austin_police
  reprussell  over the course of eight years  gao has highlighted more than 300 areas of such waste and inefficienc…
today i joined the hardworking men and women at local employer  dotfoods to highlight the benefits of tax reform  b…
rt  farmweeknow  on  rfd today  we ll get a recap from the illinois ag legislative roundtable  talk with the  ilsoybean association and he…
h r  5687  securing opioids and unused narcotics with deliberate  sound  disposal and packaging act  has passed the full cmte by voice vote
employee bonuses  expanded benefits  upgraded dining areas great news from tax reform and great news for…
by reducing chain migration to just immediate family members we will help to reclaim the integrity of america s immigration law 
i m praying for these officers  their families  and that our nation may heal 
crucial in this hearing  how does fannie and freddie make sure they re not taking too many risks with taxpayer doll…
rt  speakerboehner  a white house official admitted there is a secret side deal with iran  iran deal
once again this year  i will be hosting the congressional art competition for local students  the competition is ope…
bravo zulu and welcome home billings-area vietnam war veterans
 smithjared7  repteddeutch  soflaopinion  brianmastfl looking forward to voting for it  i m also a co-sponsor of the bill 
it s national puppy day  anyone who has ever had a dog knows that they make a huge  positive impact on their lives …
central arkansas families deserve to know that their kids are safe and secure at school  we took action in the hous…
mental health awareness month  via  youtube
rt  beccahat2015  kid bro got his passport today  big thanks to  congressmandan for help getting this worked out  japan here we come 
rt  dcexaminer  new  a balanced budget amendment is only one step by  repmarkwalker
in north texas and around the country  america s infrastructure struggles to meet the needs of our growing populati…
the committee has approved the fy19 military construction  veterans affairs appropriations bill on a vote of 47-0 
honored serve our great nation as the 23rd secretary of  hhsgov  follow me at my new account  secpricemd 
congress should reject a white house plan to cut funding from the children s health insurance program  there are pl…
sub health is now considering the discussion draft  fda opioid sparing  find all bills from today s opioidcrisis…
rt  amchemistry  tax reform is accelerating u s  manufacturing growth  waysandmeansgop
rt  livcogov  happy teacher appreciation day to all of our livingston county educators  we appreciate everything you do each and every day t…
april is national social security month  the  socialsecurity website can make your interactions with the administra…
the tax cuts & jobs act will deliver major tax relief to families all across this nation 
rt  govwaste  senator  randpaul and  repsanfordsc s  penny plan  calls on congress to reduce spending by at least one penny on the dollar f…
rt  dnvolz    justinamash and 30 other lawmakers have filed an amendment to the 702 bill that house rules *could* still vote on  basically…
we re fighting to leave a stronger america for future generations  and our work is just beginning  i will proudly s…
it s tax day and today americans say goodbye to the old code and look forward to filing next year under the…
the committee is kicking off markups of fy19 appropriations bills today with the subcommittee markup of the fy19 mi…
iraq & syria troop withdrawal  via  youtube
  republicanstudy budget plan would fundamentally shift the budget course via  fredericobf  dailysignal
rt  whitehouse  president trump s initiative to stop opioids abuse and reduce drug supply and demand will confront the driving forces behin…
yesterday i joined vfw pat ray post 4286 in newland for its annual memorial day observance to honor our fallen hero…
serving in more than 50 000 locations across the country   americorps and  seniorcorps participants address some of…
rt  vaildaily  column by  reptipton  we must protect our veterans  especially those who were impacted from agent orange 
rt  speakerryan  updates to our country s infrastructure are long overdue  this year s  faa  reauthorization ↴ ✔️restores us aviation indus…
rt  bizroundtable   replamalfa thank you for supporting tax reform and voting for higher wages for american workers and more jobs 
this morning i joined  mi  colleagues for a legislative update hosted by the jewish community relations council /ajc…
up next  live on  foxnews  outnumberedfnc w/  harrisfaulkner to discuss the latest on immigration reform in the house  tune in 
at 3 pm chairman  petesessions will be managing the rule on h r  3823 - disaster tax relief and airport and airways extension act 
today   repstefanik will chair a millennial task force hearing on potential of the hydropower industry & workforce …
rt  scsofl  wildwood  fl - the national weather service  nws  issued a flood warning for the withlacoochee river  currently    
it s a beautiful morning at  museumofbible  i had a wonderful discussion on  kloveradio with  of_great_worth about…
just last week bombers attacked innocent civilians at voter registration centers in afghanistan  an emerging civil…
rt  houseappropsgop  the house has approved the fy18 omnibus on a vote of 256-167  this is great news for our armed forces and for our coun…
rt  waysandmeansgop  just passed  house approves final bill to overhaul our nation s tax code for the first time in 31 years  next stop →  …
the u s  department of justice is considering bringing charges in the kate steinle case  what do you think …
rt  repjoewilson  icymi  i joined  lindseygrahamsc   senatortimscott   repsanfordsc   repjeffduncan   tgowdysc   repralphnorman   clyburn &…
rt  reptrentkelly  our work continues to make sure farmers and ranchers from mississippi and across the nation have a voice on capitol hill…
rt  realdonaldtrump  we are delivering historic tax relief for the american people  tax cutsand jobs act
rt  jenn_tribble  thank you  repbillflores for taking the time to meet with us this morning  we appreciate your support of science and grad…
  google focuses on its culture and its people g o p future
we are working to attack the drug abuse epidemic from every angle  but one glaring gap remains  a lack of professio…
  henryschein employs 375  people from  in05  & 22 000  people globally  today  i appreciated the opportunity to tou…
if energy independence is the goal  it makes no sense to open up the offshore waters of south carolina while at the…
today we re hitting new records of lng exports  https //t co/zjr6oq91dl   but more must still be done to realize th…
when it comes to making good on our promises to the american people   speakerryan and the  housegop have delivered
great tour of the new women s center & mental health facility at the debakey va hospital today  both of these cente…
tomorrow is tax day  but this year there s a silver lining  this will be the last time americans have to file taxes…
israel is our greatest friend and ally in the middle east  a country whose history and culture are at the center of…
good news   edworkforce has passed legislation to strengthen career & technical education  read more 
last night it was -21f  here s a website to warm you up 
my loophole-closing tax reform bill is included in the  housegop tax cuts and jobs act introduced today  tax reform
rt  houseappropsgop  tune in at 10 am as  tomcoleok04 chairs a subcommittee hearing on the fy19 budget for  hhsgov   secazar testifies  htt…
the government cannot give anything to anyone without taking it from someone else   sotu 
mcgreat news from  mcdonalds  great to see taxreform helping prepare folks for 21st century jobs …
glad stephanie could meet with you as i travel back to dc today   mn02 
some things never change  chairman bishop has been full of jokes and pranks since his teaching days in the  70s …
it s small biz saturday today  small businesses are the backbone of our economy  shopsmallsaturday
rt  _tapp_  today  along with ip defender  reptomemmer  tapp awarded its first ever  friend of global innovation  award to  emr_automation …
rt  speakerryan  it should always pay to work  to lift people from welfare to work  we must strive to get people the skills they need to ob…
just like your state-issued driver s license is valid in any state  your concealed carry license should be too …
telltale sign of a  scam    irs  does not call to demand immediate payment or require a specific payment method …
hacienda heights and the hsi lai temple had the honor of hosting  faithnpolitics today during its c a pilgrimage  we…
honored to host members of the  pacecenter today  pace is an amazing fl organization that provides young women a ch…
did you know we passed over 30 veterans related bills in 2017 - including my veterans transplant coverage act  we re…
rt  repstefanik  north country small businesses are the engine of our  ny21  economy and are critical to our region s success  during small…
the committee will meet at 10 pm or immediately following the 9 15 pm vote series on the consolidated appropriations act  2018 
rt  fairmediacaucus  media fairness caucus chairman  lamarsmithtx21 was among those who signed the statement -
icymi  my new law  which was signed by the president just last week  will help spur economic growth & job creation…
reminder  tomorrow is the dea s national drug take back day according to a national drug use survey  most prescripti…
april is national social security month  it is never too early to start planning for your retirement  check out…
happy 227th birthday to the  uscg  thanks for keeping our shores and citizens safe 
as a prelude to national police week  i had the privilege of participating in  ride to remember  this weekend in br…
throughout march  over 250 hoosiers visited the office for a capitol tour with their family or school spring break…
about to go live on 2une in on  wbrz 
calling into  larrygloverlive on  wvlk to discuss the positive impact tax cuts are having for kentucky workers  fam…
check out my interview with the  nytimes to hear what its like to be a congressman in today s climate
h r  5686  medicare clear health options in care for enrollees  choice  act has passed the full cmte by voice vote
this is false  this was left in place  such attacks on taxreform are based on misinformation & rumors   housegop…
 let s take an important moment to thank everyone who has worked so tirelessly to come together with one unified vo…
i m proud of the tax cuts and jobs act  which cut taxes for most americans  sadly   nancypelosi and house democrats ar…
school choice is important for many in colorado  during national school choice week  let s celebrate the great opport…
house approves posey s transparency amendment
rt  stevescalise  how  bout them apples    apple is giving employees bonuses  creating 20 000 new jobs  and bringing hundreds of billions…
veterans issues are a priority for me   rephuizenga and i are meeting with vets to discuss their issues the ride2015
today  my staff member dakota presented my  cmorca  bill to the victorville legislative review committee   ca08 
rt  repmimiwalters  the need for wildfire relief and assistance in california is immediate  i m pleased that my bill  the california wildf…
tyndall airmen will be working to keep the skies and ground safe during the super bowl this weekend  thank you to a…
the  usnavy needs a 12th carrier to properly execute its mission  my 12 carrier act gets us there   fy18ndaa 
always nice spending time with the hard-working volunteers at the flemington area food pantry 
daca solution & border security should be addressed together & compromise deal can & should be reached  but this is…
 from the beginning of this process  my goals were to provide long-overdue relief for hardworking taxpayers and inc…
congrats to the more than 100 hardworking mainers at  flybgr on a record successful year  bangor airport is an eco…
rt  usaworkforce  80 percent of americans agree that there is a skills gap that s why  repsmucker s usa workforce tax credit act is so crit…
fellow texan  sec  tillerson  served his country with distinction as america s chief diplomat  i am encouraged that…
griffith supports bill to reform flood insurance
thank you for taking time to meet with me   aarp2018 
in 1945  the 384th bomb group flew a mission over berlin  their b-17 was hit by flak  causing the plane to go down…
my standard remains the same  any deal must prevent iran from developing nuclear weapons & ballistic missile techno…
today  we honor and celebrate the legacy of dr  martin luther king jr  m l k day
thank you  wapolicygreen and  wapolicycenter for all of your work and research to protect our dams so they can cont…
rt  uci_stemgineer  our awesome team of kristin & evelyn at congressional app challenge ceremony sponsored by congressman  repedroyce   we…
congress has the final say on funding for the great lakes restoration initiative  essential air service  and other…
take time this national park week to get outside  findyourpark  and celebrate our nation s historic landmarks  chec…
the  52 billion gas tax hike passed by sacramento democrats makes this an even harder hit to the budgets of hardwor…
rt  deawashingtondc    deawashingtondc baltimore asac hibbert with  repandyharrismd at d e a take back drug free cecil
we need to hold china accountable for its illegal trade practices  and we should take a more targeted approach 
delighted my office could help provide 75 new books for the library at chaparral elementary school  ceschampions in…
congratulations to secretary of energy  rick perry on his confirmation  cc   energy
brenda & i are headed to beaumont with our county clerk  dwight & misty sullivan with 2 pallets of cases bottle wat…
rt  ibahome  today members of the southwestern indiana builders association brought housing home by discussing key policy issues with  repl…
did you know that heart disease is the leading cause of death in the u s   movewith heart
  ups ceo says the  tcja  helped position ups for growth in 2018 and beyond  as a result  the company expects to unl…
rt  repjasonlewis  i recently visited quality auto care center  a locally owned auto shop dating back close to 100 yrs in south st  paul  i…
happy halloween 
rt  cathymcmorris    judgetedpoe s bill  the citizens  right to know act  boosts transparency in the department of justice s pre-trial rele…
thank you to  biaamerica for this award  it s been an honor to co-chair the congressional brain injury task force a…
tune in  i will be on the  dailybriefing at about 2 05pm et with  danaperino to talk about the austin bombings 
happening now   houseforeign joint subcommittee hearing on grading counterterrorism cooperation with the gcc states…
q what does an f-35 jet have in common with good ol  paint  a  both have been the victims of intellectual proper…
emergency aid for florida in the wake of hurricane irma has passed the u s  house  the senate must now act  flori…
more good news for us workers ⤵️
thanks to the tax cutsand jobs act this taxday is the last americans will be filing under the old  outdated tax code…
he is risen   repcurbelo would like to wish all celebrating this sacred day a happy easter felices pascuas
next week  house will focus on a   of important ak-related priorities  including king cove  ak resources & msa…
rt  wessmanjoel  thanks to  reprodblum for meeting today  we appreciated the opportunity to discuss the canada-iowa partnership and importa…
get out there and don t miss free fishing weekend today and tomorrow 
maine is open for business  this week  we ve heard great news about the creation of jobs in millinocket & jay  & no…
rt  rodneydavis  i ll be asking  secelainechao about infrastructure in rural areas like  il13  in a few minutes  be sure to tune in here ⬇️…
happening now  i m speaking at the  datacoalition about evidence based policymaking data2017
wishing everyone an easter full of peace and joy  from my family to yours  happy easter   ny21 
rt  jdprose  new   keithrothfus  sentoomey criticize federal spending plan   senbobcasey pleased with funding for his    via  bctimes
i urge  potus & his administration to reaffirm america s unwavering commitment to our greatest ally in the region…
rt  cathymcmorris  women from all walks of life are benefiting from the results we promised under the tax cutsand jobs act
way to go  stros  earned histroy goastros
 sisyphus43 the poll is released by the center for american political studies at harvard  i will just leave this r…
enjoyed speaking about issues of the day with mr  megeurian s ap government & politics class at chatham high schoo…
the tax cuts and jobs act is allowing west virginia families to keep more of their hard-earned money  will you take…
this initial report from inspector general horowitz confirms that the firing of former fbi deputy director andrew m…
chairman  mactxpress - i don t like the deal    iran got cash and sanctions relief    now what happens  if we leav…
today we remember & honor the sacrifices made our service members missing in action & our prisoners of war   powmia 
subcommittee chairman  reptommarino   every american is affected by the cost of healthcare  i look forward to heari…
h r  5239  cyber sense act  has passed the full cmte by voice vote
thank you for coming by and sharing your students  stories  best wishes for continued success 
economy goes boom 
jesus told her   i am the resurrection and the life  anyone who believes in me will live  even after dying  everyon…
rt  repsmucker  march madness tips off next hour  good luck to the 3 pa teams  here are their first round games  today at 2 00pm  16  pe…
 troykinsey  repgusbilirakis is working closely with pinellas co  to get this fixed immediately 
wishing my friend  stevescalise a successful surgery and speedy recovery  we re looking forward to your return 
a lot to look forward to for  sa300  
the historic tax cuts we passed will help many small businesses thrive  so many are more optimistic now than they v…
great news from the sec of commerce for nj fishermen  more info here 
the memo can be read here 
more money in your pocket  with the introduction and implementation of the new withholding tables this month  90%…
my heart breaks for the victims of the nyc terrorist attack  innocent lives lost at the hands of those who hate freedom & hate america 
there is no higher calling than serving our veterans who laid their lives on the line for our freedom  the team a…
it was great to see my friend max  a rare disease patient who has fought for the 21st century cures act  at today s…
 with a mole in a u s  university laboratory  researchers overseas can publish and patent an idea first  ahead of t…
chairman  usreprodney  i am pleased that once again we are kicking off our markup season with this bill  our most i…
in wa  we understand the importance of small businesses and the great benefits they bring to our communities  if yo…
i m testing out next generation night vision goggles  it s important to get this game changing technology to our tr…
the house passed an important bill this week to secure water resources for coloradans across the front range 
barbara johns  courage  even in the face of adversity  embodies everything that we value as both virginians and ame…
rt  stevenmnuchin1  america is thriving   realdonaldtrump pro-growth agenda is working for the american people  looking forward to working…
i have no doubt that the young patients i had the chance to meet yesterday at  stmarysmc  s  paleyinstitute will co…
rt  davereichert  i had the chance to host a meeting between ways & means members & members of  europarl_en  we engaged in a lengthy  robus…
honored to receive the  legislative leader  award last night from the u s  humane society  preventing animal crue…
some military families are not eligible for  snap  because the current asset eligibility formula counts their housin…
eating at rio grande for lunch  one of my favorite places  thing s look better here  making progress 
i m thankful for spc  gabriel conde s sacrifice  let s be praying for his family  friends  and fellow soldiers 
it is always a pleasure to meet with the  moorechamber  i enjoyed giving a dc update and catching up with familiar…
excited to host four town hall meetings tomorrow and thursday in medford  enid  kingfisher and watonga 
rt  natresources  momentum is building behind h r  788  a bill that creates and expands gun ranges on public lands and increases wildlife…
great news for mi01
rt  alextdaugherty  all three miami house republicans hosting a presser on the discharge petition to force a vote on 4 immigration bills ht…
rt  frcdc  recap of washington watch with  tperkins   repbradwenstrup - house committee vote on russia investigation  ricksantorum - pennsy…
last night the senate passed our bipartisan bill to commemorate apollo 11 50th anniversary
arkansans - please be safe today as we re expecting storms and severe weather to hit us around rush hour  arwx
start off your saturday with a sneak peek of my convo with  frates on  sxmpotus  … whole in…
from my family to yours  merry christmas    thanks be to god for his indescribable gift  
 irsctheriver my message to them  life is going to throw you curve balls  when it does  you can curl up in the corn…
president cites lowest unemployment rate  blacks & hispanics  says we have doubled standard deduction for couples s…
brevard county - info for individuals with special needs
our skies belong to the taxpayers  not a corporate board of special interests  we need a long-term faa bill that pr…
thanks  repleezeldin for his leadership on a similar bill that passed the house last may 
today i met with members of  growthenergy to discuss renewable fuels and the importance of ethanol in  ia01 
the continued hearing on  ndaa  has started  watch live here 
rt  housescience  watch live  a review of sexual harassment and misconduct in science
on friday  i joined  housevetaffairs chairman phil roe   reprichhudson and  reppittenger in holding a field hearing…
the championing healthy kids act extends chip & protects access to medical care in underserved areas  like e ky …
congratulations  graduates 
thank you to students from  bc_cardinals for stopping by my dc office to learn about the legislative process while…
new time  the committee s hearing to review the fy2019 budget will now begin at 8 00 a m  on thursday 
appreciate rose city community church of christ for hosting their first power of oneness forum  we had a great disc…
 my budget will increase funding for our veterans  our veterans have delivered for this nation  now we must deliver for them   joint address
but who is covered can vary by state and even locality 
the future of salmon and steelhead depends on us being able to reduce the ever-increasing sea lion population 
the  scotus ruling yesterday in the texas water access case against nm is disappointing  access to water is a vital…
in a few moments i am joining  halrowwhky for an update on what s happening in congress and how it impacts  nc10 … 
great to see unity of command taking hold  border security is national security 
take a look at these four works of art submitted to this year s congressional art competition by one artist  victor…
i m excited to join with our communities for idaho gives day  no contribution is too small no contribution is too…
rt  repmialove  today  i m proud to report that my bill h r  4771 passed the  financialcmte  it would allow smallbanks to lend more     to…
rt  gopleader  the house and senate have agreed to a unified tax plan  and we ll deliver it to the president s desk just in time for christ…
rt  repjackbergman  grateful for  repmoolenaar s leadership  investment in soo locks modernization = investment in economic and national se…
today the house unanimously passed my bipartisan bill  co-sponsored by  repstephmurphy  to protect americans from c…
we were on the train today  fortunately  vivien  gabriela  and i are ok  please pray for those who were injured in the accident 
hurricane preparedness - indian river - getting your pets ready
we are off - chairman  mactxpress focuses his opening remarks on regaining readiness and achieving reforms to achi…
heavy rain and flooding are headed our way due to hurricane harvey  take precautions and stay safe 
yes i ve read the dem memo last night & voted to allow non-intel committee members in house review document  unanim…
today s announcement that  onetoughnerd s request for assistance from the u s  sba was approved for dealing with fl…
posey works with local business leaders to coordinate 3rd federal contracting conference  politics
rt  inredcross  a full crowd at the  ims celebrating this incredible landmark in history with  uwci  a future united  happy to be part of t…
rt  repthomasmassie  realgeorgewashington was right  the president has no constitutional authority to make war without congress    this in…
the  househomeland security committee will examine the appropriations requests for the dhs and work to prioritize t…
rt  repjenniffer  today i m welcoming my colleagues of the  housevetaffairs  drphilroe  repbradwenstrup who accepted my invitation to come…
icymi -- economic progress  thanks to tax reform tax day  mi06 
humbled by this recognition   award from  adl_national  though i will soon be moving to the next chapter of my life…
it s third district thursday again  today s photo is of terrapin creek in cherokee co …
my colleagues & i on  housecommerce began the legislative process to improve our broadband infrastructure policy at…
i stand with and pray for the victims in barcelona  these threats are not just an attack on spain but an attack on all free nations 
rt  cjallday_7  welcome to  ncat    repmarkwalker  it was great to talk about the proposed prosper act with you
as part of small business week we will be featuring a small business of the day  to kickoff the week we are highligh…
rt  usedgov  we are kicking off teacher appreciation week  join us in celebrating all the hard-working teachers in our lives  tell us about…
congratulations to my former colleague mike pompeo for clearing the senate to be our next secretary of state  we kn…
tremendous work by teachers and students at pine view  sayfie
a great honor to be recognized as a champion of historic tax credits for my work to preserve them through the tax c…
it is an absolute honor to be the recipient of  militaryofficer  s certificate of appreciation for my steadfast com…
reverend billy graham lived a life of grace & it was a privilege to be a part of today s historic event as he lie i…
the north country has a rich military tradition  and the launch of an army rotc program at  paulsmiths will strengt…
as you may know  yesterday a tornado passed through southeast alabama   ft_rucker sustained some damage  but thankf…
rt  thehill  follow  thehilldotcom on snapchat and watch  kristina_wong do the 22pushups challenge with  repryanzinke
rt  repdonbacon  due to weather conditions in washington and the  usopm designation of a delayed start for all federal govt employees  toda…
join me on  wzfgradio now for my weekly talk radio town hall 
ahead of  potus announcement this afternoon  i met with  aipac leaders to discuss the failures of the iran deal and…
this mlk day  50 years after his death  we honor dr  king s legacy  he lived for the causes of justice and equalit…
honoring our veterans at the dana point annual veterans day service last week  my office attended and presented a p…
reminder for all middle school and high school students in  in09  
i m all for a veto of omnibust 1 0  but would omnibust 2 0 have even more spending  
rt  freemanwsj  alfie evans and the state via  wsjopinion
i was on the train heading to the gop retreat when an accident occurred  i am ok  and working with doctors that have arrived 
with  usda under secretary greg ibach touring the wyoming county ag & business center ahead of our dairy roundtable…
rt  govabbott  austin  san antonio  dallas-fort worth  houston  killeen  el paso  corpus christi  beaumont  mcallen & brownsville named  be…
speaking w/  khqa and  wics_abc20 about syria  bipartisanship  and irs reform for this week s connect to congress
honored to visit with prime minister  netanyahu today - i am so proud that texas is a fierce friend of israel  and…
did you know that shoshone falls  located at the edge of twin falls  are 212 feet tall  those beautiful falls are ev…
it was an honor to preside over the house floor during debate of two bills to reform and modernize the irs 
defense spending bill passes house  includes shuster legislation
rt  speakerryan  increases to career and technical education and apprenticeship programs will provide americans with the opportunity to fin…
no   actually it is definitely not illegal to ask an illegal whether they are in the us legally  but maybe the cali…
on saturday  5/5   my office will host a  service academy information day  for  il16  at the holmes student center…
rt  reprutherfordfl  on veterans day  we honor those who served selflessly in the u s  armed forces to defend our freedoms  thank you for y…
today is tax day — and thanks to pro-growth tax reform  it s the last time americans will ever have to file taxes u…
today chair  replukemesser launched a task force for the american worker 
oh boy   brian  kilmeade broke me down & got me singing  mr  boombastic  by  direalshaggy on his radio show this am
 randy_wexler  osuwexmed thank you 
en route to the groundbreaking ceremony of the brighton commerce center  pics/video coming soon 
i fully support president trump s retaliatory strike  syria committed atrocities against its own people and the ass…
it does look goofy  as does voting against children s health insurance & our troops  and shutting down the governme…
the dependent care assistance program is a real tax benefit for middle-class families  pleased it has been extended…
tune in live at 2 30 for the  natresources committee hearing on my legislation - h r  4429 the cormorant control ac…
at yesterday s  hascrepublicans subcommittee on readiness hearing  i asked our witnesses about the impact of our na…
rep  sensenbrenner spoke w the  waukeshafreeman about north korea  tax reform  the nfl protests & more …
what s important is not who the next speaker is  but what the next speaker does  we ve got to start delivering on w…
it was an honor to nominate 24 outstanding individuals to u s  service academies this year  for the full list of n…
attention all high school artists  if you re interested in participating in the 2018 congressional art competition …
rt  reppittenger  thank you  repjbridenstine for co-signing my letter outlining shared pro-life priorities for congress and pres trump
join me at 9 00 am for a live stream of remarks and discussion at the american enterprise institute about veterans …
my staff is looking forward to visiting cedarville on may 8 for my mobile office  information here …
as chances of severe hail and tornadoes increase around northwest georgia  please continue to keep an eye on the we…
great meeting with home builders in fountain inn this morning  honored to receive the  nahbhome defender of housing…
rt  foxandfriends  coming up…   replouiegohmert  thehonorablecsc  dbongino  bpunion  7thpresident  jonathanturley  michellemalkin  repke…
today i had a productive meeting with local farmers to hear about the issues facing the agriculture industry in eas…
my district is home to over 140 000 seniors who depend on medicare benefits to provide them with quality care  i wi…
it s bike to work day  make sure you get out and enjoy some beautiful texas sunshine   fbf 
since 2002  i ve had the opportunity to minister to the brave citizen airmen of the  airforcereserve  today  i prou…
great news today that  framatomeus will move its north american hq to lynchburg  framatome has a long history in l…
great news for  mi08  →  gm will boost bolt ev production at its orion assembly plant later this year 
chair  replukemesser joined  squawkcnbc to talk about plan to repeal obamacare & replace it w/ something far better 
rt  freedomworks    adam_brandon   whenever the trade deficit grows  many people panic  they shouldn t  it s the least meaningful economic…
sad to hear this  he ran the race well  his testimony and teachings impacted countless lives 
 in a time of deceit telling the truth is a revolutionary act   - george orwell
honored to accept  speakerryan appointment to serve on canada-us inter-parliamentary group
rt  ssnalerts  florida republican congressman  repbrianmast named to house veterans affairs committee  s s nalerts …
 mosesthegolden1  padillpickle  indivisibleoc dinosaurs flagellants was belittling gwwarmers cow farts claims  fanatics still don t get it
rt  reptipton  western colorado is home to vast natural resources  which is why at an energy & manufacturing forum this week  i spoke about…
making h care more affordable means understanding what s driving costs & then choosing a better way to address it →
 mikegil6246  tjemery1  ingrahamangle sounds right  i got 4 for  475
the  fy19ndaa  is critical to rebuilding our military  bolstering our readiness  and strengthening our cyber warfare…
  repdianeblack   republicans have long been committed to modernizing the federal government s outdated and overly…
serving  ca49  has been the privilege of a lifetime  from the bottom of my heart - thank you - to everyone for your…
i m working on legislation to unseal settlement records  bar use of tax dollars to pay claims against members & sta…
rt  tictoc  rep  billy long had a warning for zuckerberg
rt  waysandmeansgop  we will flatten the tax code – cutting the   of tax brackets from 7 to 3  allowing you to keep more of your paycheck h…
rt  housegop  we are live with the latest on taxreform and to tell you what s happening in the people s house  tune in →
as we celebrate national month of the military child  i want to express my deepest gratitude and appreciation for all…
myself  zack  and the entire team are blessed to be back and playing together this season  this field holds a lot o…
rt  waysandmeansgop  chairman  repkevinbrady on the labor department s march 2018 jobs report ⤵️
in this week s farm bill friday   repchriscollins is joined by  usda undersecretary greg ibach and local ny dairy fa…
my office proudly displays two original paintings on loan from the u s  navy art collection  thank you…
  potus   we celebrate our police  our military  and our amazing veterans as heroes who deserve our total and unwavering support    sotu 
important words that echo through the ages  and are especially relevant now  m l k day
if mueller doesn t have evidence that  realdonaldtrump colluded with the russians to win election  why not just say…
my number one concern is ensuring the safety of americans and our allies  if iran acquires a nuclear weapon  the sa…
good luck to these school of mines phd candidates  excited about the research potential we have in south dakota 
rt  alabamarare   repmobrooks welcoming attendees to huntsville alabama at p t e npatientsymposium2018  ptenfoundation  rarediseases
as co-chairman of the congressional caucus on korea  i m proud to help introduce a bipartisan house resolution reco…
long s short report – the north korean dictator s dreams of his father and grandfather  unlike past administratio…
today we remember and pray for all those that lost their lives in the holocaust and work to ensure this will never…
rt  kristielake  rep  poliquin was so receptive to the dentists at our hill visit  as were our other elected officials   will post when i g…
i teamed up with my fellow texan  repgenegreen to introduce a bipartisan bill to reauthorize the children s hospita…
it is a privilege to welcome minister jeremiah tatum from cookeville  tn to our nation s capitol this morning to op…
tonight   paulsmiths is hosting their annual veterans resource workshop for veterans who may have questions about t…
on this day rt  beschlossdc  here nyc queensborough bridge  1910   which opened 108 years ago today   loc 
today in  theheraldtimes → elementary and middle school students representing  in09  in world robotics competitions …
rt  hoosierswfh  great discussion on growing in life sciences  healthcare costs and patient focused care   replarrybucshon  ihif1  tscclini…
yesterday  i met with  mipoam during national police week  if you see a cop this week  say thanks 
rt  scchamber  huge thank you to  repjoewilson  repralphnorman for coming to scdc day  keep fighting for s c  job 
physician-assisted suicide is a serious threat to the foundations of our healthcare system  when doctors are author…
great to be in hudson today for another coffee hour with constituents  thanks to  _smcsi for hosting and to everyon…
proud to have companies like panasonic automotive in  ga03   thank you for the tour this morning and the great conve…
talked about the value of crnas  esp in rural communities  and how they are helping combat the opioid epidemic by u…
this is really exciting to see  i first introduced legislation to honor the museum in 2010 — before it even opened …
rt  ncew17  this afternoon   repryancostello spoke about the importance of clean energy now policy on local economies 
in honor of small business week  i wanted to introduce you to the von holtens  who own the von holten ranch in mora…
oppose the iran deal  via  youtube
last night  i voted for the fourth time to fully fund our military and keep the american people safe   senatedems n…
tonight the united states took decisive and precise action in reaction to atrocious human rights violations by a mu…
this is the cost of our military s readiness crisis  and it is unacceptable  this is why i have been fighting for y…
joshua 21 45 not one of the good promises which the lord had made to the house of israel failed  all came to pass 
rt  foxnews    jim_jordan   i voted against reauthorizing [fisa]  
one point that seems to be lost in the f i s amemo conversation is that fisa itself came into existence in response t…

need assistance with a federal agency  tomorrow  my staff will be holding mobile office hours in milan from 11 am –…
🎉📻🎈 congratulations rusty cates for 35 years on the air with the  wmanmorningshow   oh12  ohio
many prayers for the missing sailors  their families  and the u s  navy as the search effort continues  u s s john s mc cain
rt  senrobportman  breaking  senate just passed my bipartisan  sesta  bill to help combat online sex trafficking by a vote of 97-2  big vict…
suicide and drug overdose deaths among veterans are too high  watch this video to learn more about a bill i co-sp…
from my letter to president trump   early feedback from manufacturers in my district has me worried that immediate …
great to talk with  universityofky provost dr  tim tracy yesterday about college affordability and student retentio…
unemployment at an 18 year low as tax reform continues to create jobs  grow businesses and move the economy forward 
griffith statement on optima withdrawal from obamacare exchanges in ninth district
glad we finally have a president in  realdonaldtrump who is restoring the rule of law to our immigration system and…
rt  hrw  ethiopia is at a crossroads  imperative the us congress passes hr 128 and encourage ethiopia to lift the state of emergency 
tomorrow is the deadline to file taxes this year  last filing with the higher tax brackets    haven t filed yet …
the annual returning of the congressional pay raise tcot
last friday i had the pleasure of attending the cocke county legislative breakfast and speaking at kingsport s kiwa…
we cannot wait until bomb threats become bomb blasts  there must be zero tolerance for anti-semitic hate 
 drmichellesays  wwonkette  shannonbrooke01  lesapr  losthitchhiker no my constituents know more than u that s y they keep electing me
great  monsonfruit business tour in selah  monson grows apples  cherries  pears  apricots  pears and cranberries  a…
rt  housejudiciary  coming up live at 10am  oversight of the  thejusticedept with attorney general jeff sessions   doj  watch 
it s going to be another busy week in washington  d c  for a full schedule of what the house of representatives wil…
i couldn t agree more  chairman   hasc 
chairman  rep_stevewomack and members of the committee met today with  mickmulvaneyomb about  potus s forthcoming…
pleased to hear president s continued support of f18 s during his visit to  boeing  one of missouri s many contribu…
thanks to the tax cuts law  hardworking americans across the country are getting wage boosts and keeping more of wh…
john maxwell has served north dakota communities and veterans for 20 years through his musical talents  appreciated…
fema reps at w a  foster recreation ctr in goldsboro will help wayne county residents with hurricane matthew claims…
rt  fnc_ladies_rule  👓kennedy  watch 12am et replay  rep   warrendavidson  r-ohio  with  kennedynation on the u s  s military strike aga…
this is great news for mrs  kinnunen s family 
i applaud the  surgeon_general for urging all of us to take more initiative in combating the opioidepidemic  the n…
congratulations etc division of  jwfindustries for winning the northeast oil and gas awards manufacturer of the yea…
the subcommittee on oversight & mgmt  efficiency  which i chair  holds a hearing thurs  to improve management   dhs 
happy to hear  jimkelly1212 surgery went well  wishing you a speedy recovery bills kelly tough
breaking → the tax cuts and jobs act is headed to  potus desk 
i m live on the air with lago on  1360kktx  tune in 
but i remain deeply concerned these tariffs will result in unintended consequences that will negatively impact our…
this is the first of five final votes the committee is scheduled to take during this markup 
 sdut   reason   open the yucca mountain nuclear waste repository 
rt  foxnews    repgoodlatte on alleged fisa abuse   the ig can t look at it from the same perspective that congress can or from the perspec…
don t forget - only four days left to vote for the  viewers choice  in our congressional art competition  just  lik…
rt  houseappropsgop  this morning  the committee held two hearings to conduct important oversight of the 2018budget request for  nsf and  …
this morning i was honored to receive the spirit of enterprise award from the  uschamber for my votes on critical b…
 no bill is going to be perfect  but inaction is just not acceptable  
last week we passed bipartisan fema reforms as part of the faa reauthorization that will provide greater focus on p…
another capitol night tour  i always love taking constituents through one of the most famous buildings in the world 
rushing in last-minute regulations denies appropriate time for review and public scrutiny 
i m very proud to once again lead the effort to ensure the beaches of  presqueislesp remain healthy  protecting thi…
rt  natresources  passed out of committee → h r  2590  by  austinscottga08  amends the pittman-robertson wildlife restoration act to modern…
great to see you on the hill today   secretarysonny
today i met with  argyleisd police chief paul cairney and high school principal james hill to discuss their approac…
rt  thehillbaseball  watch  repjoebarton &  usrepmikedoyle on the house floor now  we are a family
i m proud to cosponsor the dream act to ensure these young people can stay in the only home they know - america 
barbara bush told it like was  something i always admired  she was a dedicated patriot with a quick wit  an unwaver…
rt  speakerryan  good news → i just signed a bill to give our troops their largest pay raise in 8 years  next stop  the  whitehouse to beco…
pleasants power station is pleasants county s largest employer and they make up 27 percent of the tax revenue  gene…
rt  nebraskanews 
thanks to the folks at guthrie county state bank for showing me their new facility  we had a good discussion on the…
sent a letter to  fmcsa asking for e l d mandate relief for small biz truckers  thanks to  stevekingia & 23 other col…
now more than ever  we need to reach across the aisle to find common ground in order to address the challenges faci…
  farenthold  today  our subcommitee examines the federal permitting process under the national environmental polic…
rt  aashtospeaks    repbillshuster three things that must be in infrastructure package  bipartisanship  realistic funding  forward thinkin…
rt  speakerryan  updates to our country s infrastructure are long overdue  this year s  faa  reauthorization ↴ ✔️restores us aviation indus…
rt  speakerryan  the good economic news keeps coming in  1️⃣9️⃣ 8️⃣% increase in hiring last month 6️⃣ 5️⃣5️⃣ million open jobs 3️⃣  4️⃣%…
rt  repjimbanks  what does effective conservatism look like in 2018   republicanstudy chairman  repmarkwalker provides an excellent roadmap…
today we reintroduced the ace kids act 
everyone standing for the national anthem  national championship
thanks to the leadership of  potus taxreform is a reality  i m thankful that he chose to visit the great state of…
the veterans transplant coverage act was inspired by the nelson family  our neighbors in  tx31   this important legi…
i am grateful fort worth  mayorbetsyprice was at the  whitehouse today to talk about north texas infrastructure wit…
heartbreaking news out of southern california  i send my deepest condolences to the families and loved ones of the…
in case you missed it yesterday  here is my latest op/ed on n  korea that ran in  dailycaller 
joining  vickimckenna on  1310wiba now- tune in 
  senjohnhoeven happy birthday  enjoy your day 
tomorrow marks the last time hard working americans will have to file their taxes under the old  broken taxcode  t…
rt  repwalberg  chairing an  edworkforce subcommittee hearing on expanding affordable health care options for small businesses and their em…
great mtg w/ gen  brito from ft  polk  we talked need for long-term budget bill to give military ability plan and b…
icymi- proud of  houseappropsgop completing fy18 spending bills quickly and effectively 
helping to cut the ribbon at the patrick county farm bureau ag expo 
rt  housecommerce  subhealth has reconvened today s markup of 60  bipartisan bills to help combat the opioidcrisis – read more about toda…
please join me in welcoming these americans home  thank you  potus  realdonaldtrump and secretary of state mike pom…
this week is fire prevention week   be sure that you have the latest information on fire safety  prevention  & what…
saving reservoir water california drought crisis
griffith promotes ninth district locations for national prescription drug take back day
it was an honor to spend the day at  mlk  day of service with  wallsproject celebrating our community  dr  king s dr…
excellent visit yesterday afternoon  as a result of strong community support and collaboration  the newton campus h…
rt  zerotothree  these babies did a lot of work today & now their ready for 💤💤💤 huge ty to  repadriansmith for meeting with us today to  t… 
this is library of congress week  which celebrates our nation s librarians and libraries  a cornerstone institution…
great to speak with fort sill fly-in group this afternoon about the wotus rule  school safety  and other issues imp…
always great to catch up with  wdtn s  wdtnmarkallan on the latest in congress and  oh10    watch  
ray baum s act will increase access to information & services for many  5g networks mean doctors can more effective…
this morning  his excellency emmanuel macron  president of france  addressed a joint session of congress delivering…
have questions about your taxes  this wednesday  march 28  we will be hosting irs mobile offices in bedford and…
rt  navyleagueus  members of the navy league coastal carolina council meet with congressman  repwalterjones to discuss navy needs and the…
rt  repdavejoyce  appropriations season is officially here  today we started the formal markup for two of the 12 appropriations bills for f…
check out the wise county messenger s coverage of my meeting with constituents in decatur on monday -  wcmessenger
congratulations to  dasd_stem student surya  pa-06 s winner of the  congressionalac  surya s app  prophexy  uses an…
learn more about how tax reform benefits you at
 americans are honoring the contributions women make across every corner of society by rejecting the politics that…
rt  taxreformer  congress should pass congressman rokita s  crumbs act 
good meeting today with chris wilderman  director of safe & sustainable environments for  adams12 five star schools…
having trouble doing your taxes  the irs has free tools to help  using their website  you can find locations that o…
rt  housegop  40% of companies plan to increase wages  38% of companies plan to step up hiring  71% are optimistic about the state of small…
new  the music modernization act just passed the  housejudiciary committee  🎉
kristin lilly  like me  started at  mcdonalds when she was 16  she worked in high school & while she was at…
adam koch and tyler cooney from  dcgdistrict won this year s  cspan  studentcam competition with their documentary…
rt  reptomemmer  good news  today is the last day of our broken tax code  thanks to the tax cutsand jobs act families in minnesota and around…
🚨 small business optimism surges as profits hit record high
rt  sbgc2c    repmiketurner   we re going to see unprecedented growth in manufacturing sector and in areas that impact our local economy  b…
rt  jecrepublicans  the first major tax reform in 30 years means more money in your wallet  we should make these changes permanent and cont…
nice to see my friend  wolfblitzer this evening at the  uvu commencement ceremony 
having a great chat with  gail1310kfka right now  tune in to catch the end 
icymi - u s  jobless claims hit lowest level since 1969 via  wsj
i had the pleasure of sitting down with the ohio pork council to discuss the legislative issues affecting pork prod…
icymi  trump signs measure aimed at curbing online sex trafficking via  cnn  betsy_klein
thank you  sbcountyfire for stopping by my office  your service to our community is indispensable and it was an hon…
due to a strong population increase  austin  texas has secured the 2 spot  there s been significant growth in reta…
 ca08 
veterans who return to work and want to keep tricare coverage can only do so by staying on more expensive medicare 
issued statement in strong support of  realdonaldtrump decision to withdraw from iran deal  it propped up the wrong…
  jim_jordan  we have before us the acting commissioner of the irs  its inspector general  and the national taxpaye…
proud to see workers and business owners from ohio at  sotu 
with the russian economy floundering  congressional action could help strengthen ukrainian resolve  opp4 all  heritage_action
as students head back to school this week  click below to read about some of my education priorities in congress …
rep  blums questions witnesses at oversight hearing on regulatory reform via  youtube
live   vp will be speaking in council bluffs soon  watch here 
rt  amsapromover  protecting your privacy when moving overseas is critical to amsa - we re grateful for the support of  repjeffdenham   dav…
rt  joaquincastrotx  last week   repmarkmeadows and i introduced the global electoral exchange act which promotes sharing best practices on…
rt  rosenthalcenter    i am so frustrated for the people in west virginia and across this country that you all have not       stepped up an…
  latech to receive  1 3 million from  nsf to enhance its cybersecurity programs  i m proud that this great louisia…
rt  repesty  we need to do all we can to protect americans  particularly our young girls  from human traffickers  read  dcexaminer s covera…
thanks for meeting with me today to discuss these important topics 
officials are working diligently to restore power in our area  please track updates here 
pleased to join  realdonaldtrump today for the signing of space policy directive 1  this directive marks an importa…
taxpayers have been forced to bailout the national flood insurance program  yesterday s bill helps prevent bailouts…
watch  chairman  repkevinbrady will be live in-studio with  morningsmaria at 7am 
thank you to the  911_airliftwing for inviting me to the change of numbered air force ceremony  it was an honor to…
the farm bill impacts every part of our district  from cotton farms to cattle ranches  and community banks to co-op…
 2/2  praying for the victims  their families  and the whole community 
rt  doublervideo  thx  congressmandan for participating in nab s congressional psas on supporting our troops …  bro…
tom homan has dedicated his career to serving the american people and keeping our communities safe  he s helped to…
rt  pct4constable  update   deputy gaines is stable and currently in surgery  deputy faniyi was transported to a hospital in humble and rec…
happy birthday to the principal author of our declaration of independence & our 3rd president  founding father thom…
i joined the  lafarmbureau voice of louisiana agriculture podcast to discuss policies in the farm bill  including i…
great work by our  uscg ---&gt 
rt  kristina_wong    repbrianmast  himself a wounded warrior  is at the white house to kick off the  wwp soldier ride 
thank you 
🚨breaking  the house just passed h r  3731 providing much needed relief to the hardworking agents of the…
today is the last day for  md01  students to submit service academy apps to my kent island office  more info here 
today s vote to overhaul and reform our nation s broken tax code is historic 
seeing taxreform at work today  thanks for sharing your story   paynetrucking…
good rundown from  speakerryan on the work congress has done to combat sex trafficking here in the us  looking forw…
ed lorenzen was a fellow budgeteer and a father  just a great guy  in january  ed and his 4-year-old son died in a…
rt  leoshane  tomorrow morning  tune in early to hear  repbradwenstrup  thesubtlenotes  carter_pe  studentvets  pva1946 and me talk about v…
rep  messer reelected to chair republican policy committee
live at 10 30 a m  →  fema_brock will testify for the first time before  househomeland to discuss lessons learned f…
rt  reptenney  i spoke on the floor to recognize thousands of families across ny-22 & throughout upstate ny who have felt the real impact o…
enjoyed my discussion with high school students at sioux falls christian last week  thank you…
last night  i voted to keep the government open & extend child health insurance for 6 years for 96 kids in lake cou…
mylene & i are sending our deepest sympathies & prayers to the victims  their families  & first responders affected by this horrific tragedy
cheers to argos cement s newberry plant in alachua co  for being recognized by the epa for energy efficiency in you…
great to meet tim from camp hill and nancy from montgomery today in…
  repsmucker  tax reform  reinvests in america & its workforce  if we put our workers & communities on a level play…
israel is once again under attack by evil forces and we must stand firm in our commitment to them  the disastrous…
if police pick up an illegal alien & alleged gang member on charges of rape  assault  domestic battery  robbery  &…
live now  crime subcommittee hearing prisonreform
today we honor the canine heroes who have served alongside our troops around the world  working dogs in the america…
under ssa s plan  ppl still aren t going to get a timely decision before 2022 
tomorrow morning -&gt 
on this tbt  i look back to march 2016 & the congressional dyslexia forum in hot springs w/dr sally shaywitz of…
rt  texasretailers  congratulations  reprwilliams on being named the texas retailers association s  congressional legislative champion  for…
bomb attack in midtown manhattan  likely terrorism  suspect in custody  nypd & fbi doing full court press  make sur…
on this day in 1957  the last of new york city s electric trolleys completed its final run from queens to manhattan 
great to hear from texans in our rusk town hall earlier this morning 
rt  joaquincastrotx  it s been nearly two months since the skripalpoisoning  i urge the house to pass  repmiketurner and my bill that rein…
big news for  citorg  va10 
rt  houseagnews  claim by  centeronbudget  work requirements will kick 1 000 000 snap recipients off of the rolls  fact  no one is kicked o…
happening now  chairing the  legislative hearing on four communication bills  at the subcommittee on communications…
 frankpallone today is an opportunity for us to highlight the ways recycling helps secure the future of our planet …
it s time to say goodbye to our old  out-of-date and burdensome tax code  with the tax cutsand jobs act  there will b…
rt  hascrepublicans  chairman  mactxpress our constitution says that one of the reasons we have a government is for the common defense - i…
the committee has resumed consideration of the fy19 agriculture appropriations bill 
thousands of aviation industry personnel call georgia s third district home  and the passage of  hr4  ensures that a…
last month  my bill  h r  624  was signed into law  learn how this law can protect you from identity theft here ➡️…
new  next week i ll be in stanton  bedford  and greenfield for open office hours  get the details here 
on thursday ➡️ the subcommittee on higher education and workforce development will explore the role of work in welf…
  usnavy celebrates 242 years of honor  courage  and commitment today  happy birthday to the u s  navy  242 navy bday
congratulations to the royal family on their newest little one  glad to hear baby and mother are doing well  i m su…
rt  childrensphila  dr  adzick with  repryancostello in d c  discussing birth defects  fetal surgery  the importance of early diagnosis & m…
tune in as i question the irs commissioner about the irs practice of seizing bank accounts of small business owners
monitoring the situation at ft  lauderdale airport closely  praying for everyone involved 
last friday  president trump took calculated action against unjust brutality in syria  if further military force is…
national day of prayer observance at the lawrence county courthouse 
mike pompeo will make a great secretary of state and should be overwhelmingly confirmed  that the vast majority of…
my deepest condolences to all those affected by the shooting at north park elementary school today san bernardino
hard to believe it s been 20 years since atlanta hosted 1996 summer olympics  excited to watch the opening ceremony tonight  go team u s a 
rt  presbycollege  some more shots from the pc new highlander battalion uh-60 black hawk helicopter round-robin exercise with the sc army n…
 while we continue to believe the appointment of a second special counsel is necessary  this is a step in the right…
irc - power update - as of noon  48 060 fpl customers were affected  15 060 restored  still working on 33 060 
small businesses and families play two very important roles in the american economy  your house is doing everything…
 jeaninemch reminder  i ve been a strong advocate for chip funding and voted for legislation that passed the house…
rt  foxnews    repmccaul explains how investigators located the texas bomb suspect   this is one of the best law enforcement responses i ve…
this week  we celebrate teacher appreciation week  as the son of an 8th grade english teacher  i have a profound re…
rt  vp  today  my family and i celebrate the resurrection of jesus christ and the dawn of grace on that first easter morning  he is risen …
i appreciate president macron coming to address congress and meet with president trump as part of the first officia…
michael  jungyeon  maggie  anton  phil  and their coach david  of university high school are here in dc to compete…
 republicanstudy please keep him and special agent crystal griner in your prayers 
congratulations to livonia resident tom camp on his 55 year safe driving record - the longest in  ups history 
 dixietwo82  stephengutowski because congress wrote the first law but not the second 
on march 22  anchor bay high school will be hosting a student career fair and career and technical education showca…
while the washington  d c  gun control crowd wants to take guns from law-abiding citizens and criminals alike  smar…
day 26 for 31 reasons4 tax reform→ our broken tax code drives usa jobs overseas  our   1 goal for reform is to create…
  reprussell  the federal government has an obligation to taxpayers to avoid fragmentation and ensure effective pro…
rt  pcha_chd  great op-ed by  chd  champion  repgusbilirakis  support legislation that will improve care for people with congenital heart di…
 realdonaldtrump is keeping promises to our military  his order to enhance work opportunities for military spouses…
we applaud  potus for his commitment to lowering the cost of prescription drugs  we re encouraged by his plan to in…
enjoyed catching up with folks from grissom regional defense alliance  i look forward to continuing to work togethe…
the 2018 congressional art competition is here  visit my facebook page & like your favorite artwork  the picture wi…
congress needs term limits  the american people are tired of career politicians running washington  term limits
rt  americanewsroom  there s not a week that goes by that i don t have some sort of meeting with an ambassador etc  on our mutual security…
i recently sat down for a q&a with the  nssf read/listen here 
info on his 2014 nominee class 
rt  repmiketurner  i m chairing a  hasc  tacairland hearing now on the ground force modernization  fy19ndaa  budget request  watch here 
today we honor those who serve and sacrifice so much to preserve our freedom  armed services day
rt  speakerryan  the house is fighting back against harmful  obama-era regulations that threaten american energy  small community banks  an…
getting ready to join  trish_regan on  foxbusiness  tune in 
on president s day we pause to remember and honor those who have led this great nation 
hasc fans - today s 3 hearings will proceed as scheduled  watch live on our website
yesterday s marine corps helicopter crash in imperial county took four brave soldiers from us far too early  i exte…
rt  cathymcmorris    housegop members are sharing taxreform stories from home & the tax cutsand jobs act is becoming more popular every sing…
big news for inola  sofidel america has plans to build a new  350 million paper manufacturing plant in inola— bring…
enjoyed the comments & questions from  kushneracademy students  aipac club in livingston on our enduring partnersh…
good news  this tax day2018 is the last time american families will have to file their taxes using the old tax code…
my statement on the f i s a memo released today 
icymi- fy18 energy and water bill invests in important projects & development at port of ny & nj 
rt  desjarlaistn04  we want to help un- and under-employed americans acquire new skills for the modern economy  join the workforce and prov…
rt  keithrothfus    financialcmte held a hearing last week on my bipartisan bill with  repbeatty  the state insurance regulation preservati…
rt  centerstateceo  this morning  centerstate ceo along with others  helped announce the arrival of frontier airlines  starting this year …
icymi  one week ago from today i was very glad to discuss this past month s historic good news out of washington wi…
rt  housegop  did you know that companies are giving more in charitable donations because of the tax cutsand jobs act   southwestair →  5 mi…
pleased that the  shopfloornam team is in kentucky for the next leg of m f g tour2018  enjoy your visits at  toyota …
the  uscbo now projects 156 8 million jobs in america by year-end 2027—2 6 million more jobs than in its june 2017…
committee sends follow-up letter to general kelly  requests a list of all employees of the executive office of the…
rt  nlintheusa  we re handing out tulips today in washington  d c  to celebrate dutch american friendship day🇳🇱🇺🇸 we earlier visited members…
tomorrow is national drug take back day   take a look at the efforts happening to combat the opioid epidemic in…
when it comes to immigration  my priorities are publicsafety  national security & the prosperity of the american p…
we re marking up 7 bills  including my bill - the nuclear energy research infrastructure act  access to fast neutro…
i introduced and the house passed the otto warmbier north korea nuclear sanctions act to impose the harshest sancti…
rt  hascrepublicans  presser on  fy18ndaa  tune in immediately following votes 
  repdennisross  we have an opportunity today to hear from leaders in the ig community about inefficiencies through…
h r  4681-the no assistance to assad act by  repeliotengel restricts any u s  funded reconstruction assistance to a…
i talked about my efforts in congress to find bipartisan solutions that solve real problems at last week s…
my bill provides more than  60b more for our nation s defense than we spent last year  it also takes care of our so…
always good to visit with friends from  aipac    thanks for taking the time to visit 
rt  repjimrenacci  came to dc to reform the tax code  so its pretty incredible to see an ohio family business featured at  sotu  staub manuf…
rt  housebudgetgop  now  the committee meets with  uscbo director dr  keith hall to discuss the agency s annual budget and economic outlook…
  larainepapa1 thanks for your question  ask buddy
my reaction to tonight s  sotu  
happy 70th independence day to israel — one of america s strongest democratic allies in the world   israel…
barbara bush was an amazing woman  she was fiercely loyal  funny  witty  and plain-spoken  she was married to the l…
we need a set of privacy rules for the entire internet ecosystem  facebook and other edge providers have been makin…
great to start my day in macomb chatting taxreform  infrastructure  and trade 
yesterday   uscbo released its annual budget and economic outlook  often called the  baseline   learn more about ho…
rt  financialcmte  chairman  rephensarling responds to news of cordray resignation 
i had the pleasure of meeting with malcolm mcpherson  national president of the  elksntnlfndtn today to celebrate t…
hable con  caracol1260  tomas_regalado sbr como estamos honrando a nuestros policias esta semana y los temas que le…
glad to have joined  mattmartinradio and  burnout48 this morning to discuss what s going on in washington and what…
read the  billingsgazette editorial   jontester zinke &  stevedaines are right to push for greater awareness 
thanks to eden prairie fire chief george esbensen & dave yurczyk from avon for making the trip to dc to discuss gra…
today at 10 a m  ⤵️
george serves on the veterans advisory council at the clarksburg va  the marion county veterans council  is command…
we are all saddened to hear about the channelview h s band bus crash in south alabama earlier today  let s keep all…
rt  westoverhs  thank you so much  reprichhudson   cumberlandcosch and  westoverhs are so proud of jayden 
  foxnews &  mikeemanuelfox highlight the 2018 farm bill noting on  snap   the last time unemployment was the current…
the new balance provision was a  de facto earmark  that limits choice to troops and raises cost to taxpayers 
people of iran are suffering under a rogue regime  innocent people are fighting for basic freedoms americans hold s…
happy mothers day to all the my fellow moms out there-including my own  being a mother guides every decision i mak…
rt  rephartzler  good news unemployment rate is below 4%   the tax cuts and jobs act is working  with so many people in the workforce it s…
rt  repbrianmast  like every other sovereign nation  israel has the right to determine its own capital  the united states is finally recogn…
yesterday i had the opportunity to tour mercy medical clinic in lyons where i learned more about the faith-based me…
today we celebrate 67 years of hard work and dedication from the  airforcereserve 
a member of my staff delivered house and senate gallery passes to  solonschools middle school students today for th…
if it werent for dogs there d be no need for  pennvet &  pennovationctr to help train rescue  police  & other service…
rt  housegop    potus  and just as i promised the american people from this podium 11 months ago  we enacted the biggest tax cuts and refor…
proud to witness my friend  repbradwenstrup receive the distinguished soldier s medal for his heroic act to save…
on law enforcement appreciation day and every day  i am grateful for the brave men and women who protect our north te…
rt  hudsonhollister  rep  virginiafoxx &  repjimmygomez are leading the way to making federal grants easier for grantees to handle & more t…
rt  foxnews    jim_jordan on james comey   i think all throughout this process  he has been wrong  
the good news from tax reform keeps rolling in → the gop tax law used to be extremely unpopular  not anymore 
proud to join  potus & bipartisan group of colleagues for signing of interdict act  which requires  customsborder t…
as we take time to reflect on another year s blessings  i wish you and your family a happy and safe thanksgiving 
today i had the pleasure of speaking with over 100 high school students at the 20th humanities nebraska capitol for…
just back from an official oversight trip to iraq with  mactxpress  met with key military leaders and soldiers in…
discussing the music modernization act with songwriters from the  nmpaorg  thanks for stopping by and performing so…
it will also reform the claims & payments processes in the program so funding and resources get to our rural maine…
i am continually impressed by the talented artists we have in  ar2   congrats to heidi tandiono  who attends little…
the carbon capture act was included in last week s budget deal- a big win for carbon capture and sequestration proje…
he himself bore our sins in his body on the tree  that we might die to sin and live to righteousness  by his wounds…
rt  foxbusiness    toddrokita on  crumbs act    [democrats] are so out of touch with american workers and the american people  that  1 000…
we must keep the pressure on north korea  these sanctions are a step in the right direction 
i ll be joining  varneyco to discuss yesterday s  housecommerce committee hearing with mark zuckerberg  tune in to  foxbusiness at 10 15
rt  homelandprep    repfrenchhill introduces bill to allow cooperation between financial institutions  law enforcement police finance htt…
rt  todayshow  the love between george h w  and barbara bush was one for the ages  watch them share their love letters on today in 2011  ht…
rt  rephartzler  grateful to be asked to serve 2nd term as  hasc  o&i subcommittee chair  thank you  mactxpress for the honor 
last week  i stopped by  newsok to catch up with  _davemorris  we talked about foreign policy  tax reform  and more 
law enforcement appreciation day  alabama s 4th congressional district has some of the best  via  youtube
rt  usairforce  we can t thank military spouses enough for their sacrifices and supporting their airmen  happy military spouse appreciation…
september is suicide prevention awareness month  with utah having the 5th highest suicide rate in the us  it s something we need to address 
great meeting with the american jewish committee today to discuss their work to combat anti-semitism  thanks for st…
thank you 
congressional investigations into russian meddling in 2016 election continue  special prosecutor mueller investigat…
while bipartisan coalitions in both chambers of congress have endorsed the proposal  some obstructionist democrats…
rt  uscg  to report a harvey emergency you must call numbers below or 911 for assistance  if busy keep trying  do not report distress on s…
we owe our veterans a debt we can never repay  god bless you  happy veterans day 
chairman  usreprodney   we welcome rep  john rutherford to the committee  and congratulate the chairs on their new positions   
joining  whioradio live now to talk about the latest news in congress  tune in here 
deuteronomy 31 12 assemble the people  the men and the women and children and alien who is in your town  so that th…
rt  fdrlst  watch the video now 
wireless communications not only provide valuable support for the quality of life for service members and their fam…
i m thankful for the important progress we ve seen this past year in rolling back excessive regulations and creatin…
rt  ylanmui    republicanstudy budget uses reconcilation to make individual tax cuts  full expensing permanent and repeal aca 
it s small business week -- be sure to support our local minnesota small businesses this week 
my wife cynthia & i extend our prayers and condolences to the victims & families impacted by the horrific shooting in sutherland springs  tx
the bipartisan budget deal made progress on two much-needed dairy fixes that will put upstate dairy farmers in a be…
chairman  repgregwalden at  milkeninstitute  combating the opioid crisis is our top priority &gt &gt 
homeownership is key to maintaining a strong middle-class & i m working w/ shore builders of central nj to prioriti…
this legislation delivers real relief to businesses by lowering the corporate tax rate to 21 percent  down from 35…
honored to be a part of today s announcement for the nd department of transportation and northern plains unmanned a…
unfortunately  some jurisdictions overuse these programs and release many repeat and dangerous criminals with littl…
proud day for nevadans everywhere 
video  good intentions  a scandal  and an economics free zone restoring the trust
running the capitol challenge with my  ga09  team this morning  i had the pleasure of racing  briefly  alongside…
don t forget to join me as i host the camden opioid summit tomorrow evening 
may 3rd is the national day of prayer  prayer is such a powerful tool to use in our spiritual life   don t be anxious…
today on st patricks day  it was great to see so many familiar faces while walking in the st  james st  patrick s da…
rt  cathymcmorris  i m relieved that these americans will soon be reunited with their loved ones  wishing them a safe and joyous return hom…
rt  repbarbaralee  we have us service members risking their lives in warzones around the globe  but congress can t find the decency to even…
rt  houseparl  1/6 the parliamentarian has published the first volume in a new series of house precedents  this new series follows the work…
now we continue the work of improving our economy  fixing healthcare and ensuring that vets receive the care they ve earned  114th congress
rt  statedept  welcome to the state department  secretary mike pompeo 
i just spent an hour at a  starbucks in johnston where i got some training on how to be a barista  met a lot of gre…
we passed the tax cutsand jobs act to make our tax code simpler  fairer and easier to understand  but dealing with th…
 flamediaqueen  flamediaqueen we are working on it right now  help is on the way 
public libraries are vital to hoosier communities  thanks to terry and robin from  ilfonline for sharing how our li…
joined by four u s  olympians today including minnesota s jessie diggins  david wise  maddie phaneuf and stacey coo…
rt  wateraidamerica   repblumenauer honoring his colleague  judgetedpoe for his leadership on clean water  world water day blue4 water
speaking at a forum at west chester east high school about my support for legislation to allow the cdc to study gun…
icymi  march is women s history month and yesterday i spoke on the house floor to highlight the unique contribution…
this morning it was an honor to meet with representatives from the missouri pork association and discuss the issues…
sent a letter to the president about this in january  glad that he gets how important it is to bring accessible  hi…
leading democrats are actively dismantling the rule of law  california ag threatens to arrest u s  citizens for coo…
  justinamash just launched a tactical strike 🚀on the neocon fakenews that s been rampant today on twitter
as we follow through on  potus   realdonaldtrump s economic growth policies outlined tonight  it will get even bett…
glad to see jim bridenstine confirmed as the next  nasa administrator  nasa is critically important to alabama  and…
heartbreaking news coming out of florida this afternoon  our thoughts are with the marjory stoneman douglas high sc…
andrew wheeler s confirmation as deputy epa administrator will certainly help the work administrator pruitt is lead…
rt  thomaswenski  in dc with a delegation of bishops from el salvador meeting with members of congress  this morning after arriving in dc i…
this week  as chairman of  houseappropsgop s  milconva  subcommittee  i ve had the privilege to join my ranking memb…
happy president s day  in 1885  we first celebrated washington s birthday as a nation  now  this holiday is an oppo…
this saturday  april 28th  is national prescription drug take back day  a time to safely dispose of unneeded and ex…
rt  houseappropsgop  at 11 am   betsydevosed appears before  tomcoleok04 & the lhhs subcom to testify on the  usedgov fy18 budget  watch  h…
➖ this is what 2230 pages of government spending looks like  ➖ we had roughly 17 hours to review this bill prior t…
rt  yestongs  marie justice says ngs offers good-paying jobs that are hard to come by  they offer the american dream and could be taken away
h r  5353  eliminating opioid-related infectious diseases act has passed the full cmte by voice vote
the able act will support and empower caregivers and families of individuals with disabilities 
thanks to the savings from the tax cutsand jobs act   kroger will hire 11 000 employees and invest  500 million in as…
it was wonderful to meet randall and jerrie lecroy of opelika today before their tour of the us capitol   al03… 
at today s  natresources federal lands hearing  i m introducing dr  perryman  prof from  unevadareno  battle born
just in  my key welfare reform proposals are included in major legislation announced today  it also includes my bip…
rt  conghuelskamp  i am not voting for boehner  honest  principled  conservative  leadership is what i want 
from my family to yours  happy thanksgiving 
it s a busy day at the  housecommerce committee  our third legislative hearing on the opioid crisis is live now and…
rt  repbyrne  i join  repmartharoby   repmikerogersal   robert_aderholt   repmobrooks  and  usrepgarypalmer in calling on senate democrats…
during this teacher appreciation week  we thank and honor all of the educators for the tremendous service they provi…
proud to lead this effort in congress to end cruel and wasteful testing on dogs and puppies  big thanks to…
looks like a packed house for  senatedems  hearing  on comparing our tax plan – which they haven t read – to the ka…
since 1990   ultralifecorp has been manufacturing chargeable and non-rechargeable batteries for power delivery syst…
as a former florida certified teacher  i was proud to honor over 120 high-achieving students from many public and…
finally  steps to combat human trafficking  i cosponsored the  fosta  bill  which gives federal  state and local pro…
toured rise above in jackson today  a tutoring and mentoring program that works with at-risk students 
rt  speakerryan  for decades  former speakers of the house have been provided an official government office after leaving congress  asking…
watch my latest zippo brief including my first impressions of the proposed tax reform bill that was released today …
check out this article that shows the lake-effect over the great lakes region http //t co/mw3nh0tlrg…/…/nasa_image_great_lakes_snow_ma html
the tax cutsand jobs act is having a meaningful impact — creating an economic climate where small business owners like…
i met with constituents alan and ashley dabbiere  dave miller  and laurie richards with the national brain tumor s…
my good friend mike pompeo will be an excellent secretary of state  a great choice by  realdonaldtrump 
since then  the deal has provided legitimacy and millions in economic relief to a murderous  oppressive regime that…
the current us econ/fiscal outlook  unsustainable  chaotic & w/ no room for discretion  economy restoring the trust
rt  smalluavs  in celebrating virginia s selection for  uasipp   repcomstock calls the commonwealth  a technology hub  drones
here s what to expect after filing a fema application
proud to have worked with  repmarkmeadows and  housegop chair  cathymcmorris on this pro-family legislation 
i joined  treypaultv to discuss how tax reform  the dillon inland port  and i-73 will create opportunity in  sc07  
rt  vp  today  thanks to the leadership of  potus  we celebrate history in the making    the opening of the us embassy in jerusalem  the ca…
joining  acpresscronick on  1400wond at 4 10pm today from washington to discuss fight against isis  my bipartisan l…
check out myself  st  paul mayor melvin carter  and inver grover heights police chief paul schnell live at the…
joining the one and only  ingrahamangle on  foxnews- tune in 
as i travel around eastern washington  i continue to hear stories from people who are finding more money in their p…
pleased to join sgt  andy o neill & friends/family as he was honored with national award for his life-saving action…
president trump s announcement today signifies the end of president obama s agreement to address the growing threat…
enjoyed discussing the new spending bill  the great benefits of the tax cuts and jobs act  and mississippi election…
happy 109th birthday to the cannon house office building  which is where our d c  office is located  learn about th…
today i honored the late deputy jacob pickett on the house floor  deputy pickett died in the line of duty this past…
rt  foxnews    repdesantis    comey said   oh  we didn t make any decisions on hillary   well this investigation showed they drafted an exo…
date  monday  oct 16th time  6 00pm location  alpena community college – granum theatre  665 johnson st  alpena  mi  49707
my office just rec d this note   jcp&l is on track to restore electric service by late this evening to the majority…
rt  stevescalise  hard to believe it s been almost a year since the attack on the congressional baseball game practice  as we honor police…
visit to  stroselions in the  dailyjournalnet   i thought it was exciting  because we got to share what we thought…
no one is above the law  members of congress must abide by the laws they create 
glad to tour  hoovertoyota and talk with some of their 150 employees   al06 
chairman  rephensarling statement on  cfpb funding request ➡️ cfpb
deadline is approaching for the congressional art competition  learn more here   ar3 
i was glad to join  okcfox for their  sbgc2c show today  i discussed daca  health care  & bridging the partisan gap 
what are your thoughts on the president s executive order on immigration 
if you re a veteran in  ok2  & have an issue with the va or compensation claims  stop by my claremore office today b…
rt  speakerryan  the chemical attack in syria is a horror that cannot be tolerated by responsible nations  the u s  must continue to lead a…
we must work with our allies so that our response to these attacks degrades bashar al-assad s ability to conduct ch…
cheer on  nevadawolfpack tonight in a must win game in the  cbitourney finals at lawlor center or tune in to  espnu   6pm pt  battle born
goal of strengthening our aviation system to meet 21st century demands while ensuring south jersey s faa technical…
this omnibus is a spending boondoggle  it increases federal spending and grows the size of government  this is not draining the swamp 
rt  repblainepress  this morning i joined  kevcirilli to talk dodd-frank reforms and my upcoming data security hearing 
great being at  winthropu last night with my friend  senatortimscott to discuss race and the economy 
pleased that the house passed gsp reauthorization  as a member of the  housesmallbiz and a small businessman mysel…
my full statement on sot u 
thank you to the  usnavy for 241 years of tireless protection  happy birthday  navy birthday
very happy to meet today with you and discussing efforts to savelunch 
president trump s first  sotu  address is about to begin - watch here 
president trump is doing what voters sent him here 2 do - healthcare eo will start 2 give everyday americans premium relief
i want to extend my condolences to the family of lt  caleb king  who was killed earlier this week when his f/a-18f…
proud to support taxreform today  the american people can now imagine a tax code that brings jobs and capital back…
glad to hear of a successful surgery for our  flotus  praying for a swift recovery 
it s a full house in van zandt county  grateful for each person who has taken the time to share their ideas …
this bill will ban earmarks forever  earmarks are not the solution for congressional dysfunction  and would only m…
proud of these brave idahoans god bless
thanks   foxnews for running my piece on why infrastructure is so desperate for a facelift in ohio and across this…
check out my new op-ed here --&gt 
in the 24 hours since steel and aluminum tariffs were announced  one manufacturer has already canceled plans for a…
rt  housecommerce  here s some additional resources for today s zuckerberg hearing background memo  chairman  re…
rt  organictrade  thank you  rodneydavis for championing organic research and fighting to increase the integrity of usda organic globally…
rt  foxnews    jim_jordan   the clinton campaign paid for the dossier  the democrat national committee paid for the dossier  and if a russi…
excellent news that fr  conroy is being reinstated  good man getting proper recognition  never should have been for…
tonight i m remembering the inspiring life and legacy of first lady barbara bush who reminded us all to believe in…
chairman  mactxpress talks w/  govwaste about his pentagon reform proposals - tune in now 
rt  gopleader    repdavidvaladao s g r o w act will make more water available to families  farmers  and entire communities in ca and bordering…
was on  kfaq with pat campbell recently to discuss last week s shooting and my new waste watch report 
ahead of today s crime hearing  watch  repmimiwalters  video about the importance of the  survivors bill of rights…
137 economists agree → passing the tax cuts & jobs act will be a real game changer for this country  how  because t…
  repdianeblack   without question  enacting tax reform is a challenge  but the benefits of seeing it through will…
the house considered a constitutional balanced budget amendment to require that congress not spend more than it rec…
today i introduced h r  5880  the save america s pastime act  w/  repcheri  read more about it here
conducting oversight hearing tomorrow of  uscbo to protect our constitution and seniors  healthcare 
happy mother s day to all of the fantastic moms across colorado and the nation 
 on the heels of companies dishing bonuses of up to  3 000 to over 1 million workers due to the anticipated benefit…
the unemployment rate in the u s  is now at the lowest it has been in nearly 50 years  you can t deny these facts f…
wonderful news on this national day of prayer 
 tbt  one year ago today  thank you  realdonaldtrump and  secretaryzinke for ending the abuse of the antiquities act…
rt  sacvalleyca  california needs sites reservoir  rt to share one really big reason why 
what s the best way to get in touch with you  please take a minute to participate in my social media survey 
our small business of the day is a woman-owned start up in chantilly   lendabox  that specializes in environmentall…
briefed by fl &  fema officials on the way to south fl to assess irma damage with  speakerryan and  judgecarter 
rt  foxnews    stevescalise   we worked very hard with president trump to get this economy moving again after 8 years of barack obama wreck…
ryno from  copsdoughnuts had a wonderful time at the  sotu   he even gave  gopleader one of these cookies 
the justice for victims of iranian terrorism act holds iran accountable for the deaths of innocent americans    
because of the tax cuts and jobs act women-owned businesses across the country are growing and expanding their reach …
great running into local boy made good  jesus rene capo of  eldoradofl  at  iflymia  he says he knows just the plac…
⚡️house science weekly wrap-up ⤵️
come on phil how about cutting us a break  groundhog day 2018  punxsutawney phil spots shadow and forecasts 6 more weeks of winter
rt  deptvetaffairs  happy 242nd birthday  marines  you ll love the marine corps hymn sung by this navajo code talker  meet thomas begay at…
rt  nlintheusa  members of the congressional delegation meet john jorritsma  the mayor of eindhoven  as well as visit the high tech campus…
rt  txglo  fyi  the comment period for the state action plan has been extended to may 1  the plan is for  5 billion in hurricane harvey ho…
the u s  small business administration will be in boise tomorrow hosting a free regulatory reform discussion with s…
right now ➡️ i m live on  wbap247news with  haljaytweets and brian estridge to discuss how  potus and  govabbott ar…
rt  bakersfieldcali  merle haggard to be honored friday with post office building via  bakersfieldcali
tax cutsand jobs act in action 
rt  transport   hr4  invests in america s airports
today s dedication & opening of the american embassy in jerusalem is an historic moment for both of our nations   m…
rt  speakerryan  broadcom is the latest company to join the list of companies relocating back to the u s  from overseas because of tax refo…
they say if you want a friend in washington  get a dog  so that s exactly what i did  happy national pet day to my p…
passed out of committee → h r  2590  by  austinscottga08  amends the pittman-robertson wildlife restoration act to…
 tbt  - one year ago the house passed the 21st century cures act  a law that makes government an ally  rather than a…
a texas sized thank you to secretary tillerson for his service to our nation  he has strongly represented our state…
w rampant corruption and crime escalating in venezuela  particularly by those with close ties to the maduro regim…
today  we remember the innocent lives lost in the devastating attack on pearl harbor  we also honor central arkansa…
watch  rephensarling s opening statement from this am at our hearing w/  federalreserve chairman powell on monetary…
given georgia s vast academic and financial resources  including being one of the largest technological private-sec…
h r  4 will provide long-term certainty to our aviation sector with a 5 year authorization  but it does much more t…
  stephentwise
yesterday  i joined paul miller of wphm radio to discuss passage of my bill  the stb information security improveme…
broward sheriff israel told  jaketapper this am he grades his own leadership performance as  amazing   the buck in…
i was honored to have joined the national association of vision care plans  navcp  at their annual vision health su…
working together  with veterans from across maine  we are pushing forward on doing some real good for those who hav…
rt  housecommerce  tomorrow vice-chairman  repjoebarton is taking over  instagram  get to know this texan lawmaker &gt &gt 
from one texan to another  thank you   rephensarling  you have a servant s heart  it s a pleasure serving with you in the house  blessings 
i look forward to playing tonight and i am glad the game will go on  we are united 
chairman  drphilroe spent yesterday visiting va facilities in oregon w/  repgregwalden 
great to connect in dc with those who represent all the utah counties  uac29 - thanks for all you do to make utah g…
staff sergeant justin peck s courage is a model for us all  thank you for your service  sergeant peck   sotu 
rt  danaperino  coming up on the  dailybriefing w/dana perino  rep  tgowdysc on las vegas shooting and  potus visit to first responders  wa…
met with some future texas leaders today  good questions from these rising seniors at  jesuitdallas during their…
congratulations robert lindner  grateful for your dedication to wadsworth via  medinagazette  wadsworth fire chief …
last night the  edworkforce committee approved the  prosper  act  i was proud to support this historic package of…
days since mcconnell received our appropriations bills  89  your move   senatemajldr 
rt  wacofdn  sixty years of philanthropy shaped the community we love and are proud to call home  💙 create an even brighter future for waco…
rt  presssec  great to have secretary pompeo confirmed  he will do an excellent job helping  potus lead our efforts to denuclearize the kor…
dave is a hero & should be recognized for that  like so many of our men & women in uniform  dave put country before…
rt  reprutherfordfl  school safety requires a multi-layered approach  and the stop school violence act focuses on strengthening several vital…
rt  ucibrenics    uci_informatics  gillianrhayes & ics alumnus  nithinjilla were panel guests at last night s congressional app challenge …
 ga12  - my statesboro district office will be closed until 1 pm today 
help is on the way   today  the president approved an emergency declaration in california to help combat the destru…
ag sessions is doing a great job  he has done more in 6 months to uphold our laws than in the previous 8 years combined  i fully support him
esp  true of putin & russia--whose interference in our elections  a fundamental democratic undertaking  must be strongly condemned   4/7 
pleased to announce  lctabus will receive  1 7 million from  usdot to purchase new  energy efficient buses  i m pro…
at 11 am et today / 8 am pt will join colleagues  conversations with conservatives  live  cwc113 
given the lightening-fast developments on the korean peninsula with three americans back home after imprisonment  a…
my oped today via  rollcall   obamacare agency escapes congressional oversight  health care
rt  kylemidura    senatorburr   senthomtillis  and  repwalterjones reflect on the life and legacy of north carolina s  billygraham -- we ar…
rt  news_msu  happening today  nasa administrator  congressman rogers to address students and general public
i m working with the  cityofkck  mayor david alvey   northpointdev  and others in pursuit of federal investment to…
each december   wreathsacross america honors our veterans by laying remembrance wreaths at cemeteries across the na…
doug barnard was truly a legend  he was a mentor  a friend and a statesman    over the years i have sought his advi…
rt  joplinglobe  in celebration of easter  several egg hunts will be held for families across the region  all promise treats for kids  some…
congress should lead by example  and these bipartisan reforms to workplace rules will help create a culture that re…
today is national ag day  please join me in recognizing  celebrating and appreciating the contributions of agricult…
rt  cbs19news  congressman tom garrett will be participating in a radio town hall on wchv 
pleased to see a diverse set of communities across nebraska s 1st congressional district receive the opportunity zo…
the committee will stand in recess while the house votes 
great start to a saturday morning with young volunteers at the cool springs rotary annual pancake breakfast 
on p o w m i a recognition day we remember american heroes missing in action  we will never forget you & god bless you 
rsc steering committee   the revelations contained in the memo prepared by the house permanent select committee on…
rt  cnn  trump is touting his infrastructure plans in in ohio live updates 
i secured  182 million for an expansion project at  wrightpattafb in  fy19ndaa    read  about how this will help…
rt  usnavy  for the first time in more than 40 years  a u s navy aircraft carrier is visiting vietnam -
hey demacrats   please    all we re asking  open the government back up 
rt  ap  the latest  official says man wanted in connection with ny  nj blasts taken into custody after shootout with cops 
nearly 20 million americans affected by obamacare mandates on health savings accounts   source  ahip  a c abythenumbers
great news -&gt  nearly 60 000 employees of indiana-based anthem will receive  1 000 contributions to their retirement…
rt  cheniere  cheniere and gail celebrate commencement of 20 year lng contract  lng  c e r a week
the committee s hearing to examine  deptvetaffairs medical surgical prime vendor program will begin at 10  stream i…
joining  msnbc live with  alexwitt now to discuss the memo 
thank you  repbillshuster for bringing up asset recycling at this morning s  transport hearing on  whitehouse infrastructure proposal 
at 12 15 pm  repkenbuck will be managing the rule on h r  1215 - protecting access to care act  watch the  housefloor live on  cspan 
rt  dentalresearch  a man who needs no introduction to the dental community   congmikesimpson joins us for a a d r f n i d c r advocacy day  we thank…
  apple  did promise to create 20 000 new jobs and a new campus thanks  in part  to the prospect of tax reform  …
this morning  my hometown high school and alma mater  greeted me at the  uscapitol  i am grateful that…
rt  wbrzweather  *hard freeze warning* for the shaded area  temperatures are expected to drop below 25°  w b r zwx
more great economic news in the wake of the tax cuts and jobs act  as  wsj reports that us jobless claims fell to a 48…
take a look at my e-newsletter to see what i did this week in washington →
did you know  there are 8 721 farmers in ca21  thank you to all the men & women who feed our nation …
the monetary policy and trade subcommittee met today to discuss proposed legislation that would update the operatio…
rt  gopleader  tax reform is  maga  unemployment ↓ wages ↑ consumer confidence ↑ utility bills ↓
thanks to mvhs ap government class for invitation to talk w/ the students about public policy  these are ohio s nex…
enjoyed visiting with students and teachers at morenci high school today  thanks for having me 
good hearing happening now on the draft discussion of the national park service centennial act   
as always  my casework staff in campton hills are ready to provide you with any assistance you may need as it rela…
senate s inexcusable inaction delays services to our veterans & seniors  leaves in limbo thousands of south jersey…
looking for a new job   homedepot just announced 80 000 new spring jobs  including more than 100 opportunities in…
rt  gerardtbaker  the u s  sent a planeload of  400 million in cash to iran in january as americans held prisoner there were freed
good morning   in05   it was an honor to lead the pledge of allegiance this morning for national day of prayer at the…
i ended the human trafficking roundtable by thanking those who participated and those in the audience for their pas…
rt  secnielsen  with  potus talking about savage ms-13 gang activity and what  dhsgov and  thejusticedept are doing to protect america  we…
such tragic news out of sutherland springs  my most heartfelt prayers are with our fellow texans impacted by this terrible violence 
looking fwd to joining  potus at the white house today  i ve always been a staunch supporter in the fight to end hu…
our men and women in uniform  and their families  sacrifice greatly to protect our freedoms  their devotion to this…
remaining in  nafta  & modernizing the agreement will allow the u s  economy to reach a higher potential and benefit…
thanks to the tax cutsand jobs act   fl25  based company  rydersysteminc awarded over  23 million bonuses to all non-i…
rt  arcgov  check out this video from  dlg_ky about why you should register for the  arcgov power initiative funding workshop they are host…
 the move has been lauded by rep  doug collins  r-ga   who has introduced bipartisan legislation aimed at giving fe…
rt  mikestraubwgal  hundreds of firefighters lined up outside york expo memorial hall   wgal
what s a great way to start my morning  holding my bipartisan working group with special guest  housevetaffairs cha…
rt  foxbusiness    keithrothfus   director comey made a number of mistakes    i think there were grounds to dismiss director comey as early…
supporting local job creation in  mn02  is a top priority of mine  i m proud to see this effort was recognized by th…
 2/2  he was a leading voice for the redesignation of the department of navy to department of navy/marines corps  a…
disappointed democrats blocked terminally ill individuals from the right to try to get the care and medication they…
well  the other option was taxes 
today is the last tax day you have to file your taxes with the old  burdensome tax code  some of the changes you ll…
congratulations to andrew goldtrap on being accepted into the u s  air force academy  andrew is a fine young man an…
rt  stevescalise  more than 500 companies are raising wages  paying bonuses  improving benefits  or lowering utility rates because of tax c…
small business week read ➡️ association health plans will provide relief for the millions of americans facing high h…
thank you secretary azar for challenging hospitals on outlandish cost escalation   secazar  hhsgov  potus
roll tide  but what a game  these were clearly the two best teams  congratulations   rtr  c f playoff
great to meet with the erickson air crane team in medford today to get a firsthand look at their impressive public…
just a few hours until the schumer shutdown  the house did our job  will  senatedems 
rt  cspan  secretary  stevenmnuchin1 on  ustreasury budget testifies before  houseappropsgop – live online here  h…
next week  senator tim scott and i will release our new book  unified  we hope you will join us at one of our four…
10 local teachers were recognized for excellence in their fields  thanks for your service to  traversecity students 
i don t proselytize with additional commentary on the scripture  but given the responses to this verse i think some context is warranted 
terrific meeting with locomotive engineers union and teamsters on rail and trucking safety issues 
icymi  we will be holding remote office hours in dunkirk this thursday  details here 
thank you for the support  hispleadfund 
here are four ways the new tax code will be better than the old one  1⃣ lowers rates for all americans 2⃣ nearly d…
rt  hopecenterlex  thank you  secretarycarson  govmattbevin and  repandybarr for coming to see the hope center recovery program in action …
we are so lucky to have such wonderful educators in  tx31  
congrats to my hometown team on a great season  i m proud of all of you for your hard work and dedication …
this is the 2nd year of this grant and per hhs   grantees have used first year funding to implement effective medic…
  johnfund knows the truth   anncoulter knows the truth & i know the truth about joe mccarthy   comey does not  rip…
 optimism among us business executives is at an all-time high in the wake of tax reform    more than 40% of companie…
it s great to see another west michigan company give employees bonuses because of tax reform
the first morning we are in session  i host a bipartisan working group meeting  its the best way for me to understa…
rt  mcconnellpress  the kentucky congressional delegation sends letter to  potus supporting  govmattbevin s request for federal disaster d…
this conversation will stick with me  i m looking forward to visiting the light of the world academy in pinckney to…
tune in live at 10 am as  repblainepress joins  housegop leadership to talk about how we re supporting small busine…
immigration should be based on merit  right   daca  discussions must continue to help american citizens and legal immigrants alike 
joining  speakerryan and  housegop to talk taxreform at this week s press conference  you can watch live starting…
i visited  ilfoodbank to discuss serving our hungry neighbors  we talked about protecting  snap  and  tefap   thanks…
the american health care act allows individuals to control their health care instead of bureaucrats in dc  better way repeal and replace
rt  healthylakes  thanks for signing on  repmikebishop  he s supporting  glri  at  300m in fy19—great lakes restoration is making progress b…
rt  secretaryzinke    potus  realdonaldtrump is a builder  he loves to build  and this country loves our parks  it s a good match  that s w…
i met with jill dietrich in december and discussed her vision for  deptvetaffairs dayton medical center s future  h…
on this day in 1902  lyman gilmore claimed to be 1st person to fly a powered aircraft  though little evidence exists 
rt  sharedhope  thank you south carolina legislators for working to pass  fosta   sesta   lindseygrahamsc  senatortimscott  repjoewilson  rep…
thanks to city high middle school for hosting rep   justinamash today  excellent group of students 
icymi  the stop school violence act will provide funding to train students  teachers  school officials  and law enf…
next wednesday  the subcommittees on economic opportunity and disability assistance and memorial affairs will mark…
we must work together to ensure that the next generation is able to effectively compete for 21st century jobs  this…
thanks to everyone who attended today s coffee hour in bedford township  we discussed tax reform  the opioid crisis…
icymi &gt &gt  charter communications  which offers internet service in several counties i represent  on friday said…
today i voted to pass the stop school violence act  check out the graphic below to learn more about how this bill w…
adequate federal funding is critical to ensuring that this project is completed in a timely and efficient manner 
spotting signs of abuse and neglect can help save a child s life  learn more about the symptoms of child abuse and…
collins introduces bill to rename dansville post office honoring staff sergeant alexandria gleason-morrow -
rt  housegop  retweet to thank law enforcement officers all across this country  they are truly our heroes in blue 
president  realdonaldtrump levels the playing field in the skies ending qatar s unfair practices that hurt american…
welcoming all  ga09  veterans to our veterans benefits fair tomorrow 
obamacare meant chaos for our insurance markets  american health care act will stabilize the market  meaning affordable care 
i am on the train that crashed and was not injured  thank you to everyone who has reached out  i am praying for those who were hurt 
rt  squawkcnbc  tomorrow on squawk box  🚨🚨 bolten mcmorris rodgers perdue mccarthy brady ryan hoyer mnuchin mulvaney meet us in washingto…
it s a welcome change to have an administration that takes iran at its word that they want to destroy our country …
today i made a small business week visit to pioneer windows in johnstown  they ve been a full-service supplier of wi…
rt  talk1073  how close  or far  are we from a budget deal   repgarretgraves joined  ambr  for d c current presented by  labi_biz
rt  speakerryan  last month  small biz employees saw their wages grow at the strongest rate in more than two years  small business owners a…
some of our nation s most innovative companies are located in places like  wi08   and they have a vital role to play…
today s indictments should stand as a message to the russians  the u s  will not tolerate their attempts to sow cha…
despite being a fellow nato member  turkey is holding american pastor andrew brunson in prison  showing it is not s…
rt  repkevinbrady  starting next year  you will be able to file under the new tax law  which means more money in your pocket – all without…
the budget caps deal is a huge win for our men and women in uniform  including those at  wrightpattafb  we are fina…
icymi  joy asuncion of waldo county  a u s  navy veteran who served for more than 20 years  got an awesome shoutout…
protecting access to the children s health insurance program  chip 
as we recognize small biz week  i m reminded of the powerful taxreform stories i heard from small businesses a few…
icymi  i talked with  simonettilauren on  foxbusiness about the government funding measure that passed the house to…
we owe our troops  veterans  and their families a debt of gratitude we will never be able to fully repay  grateful…
rt  foxnews  tonight   tgowdysc joins  marthamaccallum in an exclusive interview for the first time on fox news channel since announcing hi…
i had the opportunity to meet with natalie wodinak of west des moines who was a winner of the national  curinaction…
this omnibus is the washington swamp at its worst  once again  leadership in congress has failed president…
due to debate on the house floor  i will now be speaking about bills to combat opioid epidemic at 5 pm est 
rt  americanlegion  on march 29  1973  u s  combat and combat support units withdrew from south vietnam  to all those who never came home …
 maryaliceparks no major injuries  many first responders and docs on the scene very quickly 
rt  ifda   i see how the d r i v e safe act will postively impact the youth and business owners in my district   reptrey  ifdaiwic 
congratulations to a great airport right in the heart of  tx24   adding to their  37 billion impact on the north tex…
today  my stars  stripes and smiles event is providing free dental care to veterans 
we should be empowering americans to reach their full potential  the 2018 farm bill promotes work requirements for f…
i commend fellow texan rex tillerson on his success as secstate  including talks to denuclearize nk  he s a patrio…
the  securing america s future act  accomplishes these three priorities—and prevents future illegal immigration  re…
rt  houseagnews  tune in   10am et to see house ag hold its committee markup on h r  2 2018 farm bill  farmbill  sn… 
i m incredibly saddened by the loss of my friend and colleague  rep  louise slaughter  louise was always willing to…
a great development in shiawassee county for michigan agriculture 
things that make a mom happy        herkids
it was also an honor to share the stage with general david petraeus 
my bipartisan bill to reduce waste at dhs  the save act  was signed into law by  realdonaldtrump at the white house 
i support  potus s decision to withdraw from this dangerous deal and will continue my efforts in congress to hold i…
i had a great meeting with members of the  missourichamber this afternoon to discuss trade  infrastructure and work…
i m chairing the  rulesreps hearing  watch live here 👇🏻
i am so proud of the work that is happening right here in  ga03  to prepare our workforce for the 21st century econo…
having a great time today around the hobbs community  thanks noalmark broadcasting for having me in-studio  always…
rt  mikewferguson  although  repdennisross was available to speak to us post-state of the union address last night  he also released a stat…
chairman  petesessions has started tonight s hearing honoring and remembering a member of our rules committee famil…
not that long ago  social security was facing a different disability backlog & they told us how that backlog was going to be tackled   
rt  senmikelee    tedcruz   repmarkmeadows   jim_jordan and i agree  doubling down in support of obamacare bailouts will not work  we need…
icymi  leighton vander esch  a  broncosportsfb star from riggins  was selected by the  dallascowboys in the 1st ro…
today  i asked  secretaryacosta about ways we can work with technical colleges and businesses in the seventh distri…
in clay county yesterday at cradles family learning ministry childcare  low cost so people can go back to school to…
rt  orbitalatk  in the past 12 weeks  we have supported 3 successful  ulalaunch atlas v launches with multiple aerospace  defense and space…
praying for the families of these brave patriots 
my mobile office will be at bull shoals city hall on wednesday from 10 00am-12 00pm ct 
joined constructive  bipartisan meeting today at the wh w/  potus   some of my colleagues to talk about trade  must…
this is an incredibly powerful and moving tweet thread from my colleague   cathymcmorris who is the proud mother of…
president trump has officially made the tax cutsand jobs act the law of the land 
many thanks to pennair and the york county economic alliance for a great discussion in york on the positive  local…
honored to congratulate hardworking student athletes from  rcwarriors on the house floor today  both the men s and…
  realdonaldtrump is right on this  it is good to see that guidance is forthcoming  but we should also address this…
read the full article that explains the fix nics act of 2017 
breaking news -- congress just passed h r  601 - emergency relief funding for hurricane harvey  texas strong
rt  househomeland  🔜 hearing led by  repscottperry to examine how  dhsgov can improve contractor employee vetting  watch live here 
great speaking with  medvedshow today  again- we are all pleased that senate democrats came to their senses and ha…
 tx22  agrees with bobcat nation - we love our teachers    teacher appreciation week  bobcatsfcms  fortbendisd
rt  afgelocal1273   unionriggs and  lairizarry from  afge  local 1273 meeting with katie myers from  congmikesimpson office  great meeting …
obamacare premiums projected to spike dramatically next year  watch this video on how to fix health care better way
more great news for our growing economy  us jobless claims are at the lowest level in 45 years 
my friends  jameslankford &  senatortimscott wrote an excellent piece  reminded me of sunday lunches sandy and i be…
onion growers came by my office this week to discuss issues impacting the agriculture community  we have lots of gr…
rt  houseagnews  this week marks national ag week  a time to celebrate  recognize  and appreciate the industry that provides us with unparal…
the  canterburyfw baseball program has greatly benefited from coach bubba mcmahon s nearly 3 decades of leadership …
thanks to  agritalk for a great conversation this morning about  snap  and the upcoming farmbill farmers feed…
next  ca04  townhall  o neals thur oct 19 6 00pm  minarets high school gym  45077 n fork rd 
i was on  afrnet s washington watch program earlier this week speaking with  tperkins  president of the  frcdc  we…
happy thanksgiving to all  nj04  families  wishing everyone a safe & happy holiday this year 
rt  housegop  because of the tax cutsand jobs act → a single parent with 1 child will save  1 304 50  this will help these hardworking americ…
rt  marshablackburn  i am a lead co-sponsor with  repdesantis of the congressional accountability and hush fund elimination act  which will…
congressman cole is on the train to west virginia and has reported to us that he is okay  -staff
rt  karsynelledge3  happy birthday to the man who i m sure would be my partner in crime if he were here today ❤️
more than 100 companies already promised bonuses  raises and investments since tax reform was signed into law less…
rt  copsdoughnuts  honored to attend with  repmoolenaar  see you soon  realdonaldtrump  vp  speakerryan and the entire usa government
it just passed out of committee 45-10  cc   morningmoneyben  aubreeeweaver
the families of the victims killed in the tragedy in parkland  florida on february 14  2018  wrote a letter to show…
rt  houseagnews  u s  farmers and ranchers rely on trade to compete in the global market  every  1 billion of exports requires approximate…
thank you for having me  i enjoyed our conversation today 
a government shutdown rests on the shoulders of  senatedems and  senschumer  they made the choice to put party poli…
rt  reploubarletta   kmoyer63  _kel_varnsen_ softest 
griffith commends house of delegates for retaining proportional representation
20  prominent music orgs representing u s  music publishers  record labels  songwriters  composers  artists & perfo…
holbrook little league with a big win  llws   congrats  good luck monday at 3pm 
happening now 
rt  waysandmeansgop  breaking → we just passed the tax cuts and jobs act bringing us one step closer to tax relief for the american people 
we cannot let common sense legislation fall through the cracks as the american people suffer  our bill won t let it 
rt  wcpi_cheryl  thanks to reps   susanwbrooks and  loisfrankel  co-chairs of the congressional caucus for women s issues and  mimiwaltersc…
at the woodville lions club rodeo with lyndon alec and his three grandsons from the alabama coushatta indian reserv…
a great story out of quincy  navy veteran  jd walker  returned to quincy after driving a gully transportation truck…
rt  realdonaldtrump  departing pittsburgh now  where it was my great honor to stand with our incredible workers  and to show the world that…
rt  secnielsen  honored to be w three former secretaries of  dhsgov talking 15 years of dhs  former secretaries ridge  chertoff and kelly s…
on national day of prayer we are reminded to humbly thank god for his many blessings on our country  today and everyd…
in the immediate aftermath of the devastating shooting in parkland  i got together with people representing views a…
chairman  repgoodlatte   the stop school violence act is a good step toward making our schools safe again  we will…
tax law = bigger paychecks  starting in february more take home pay will be in paychecks as a result of the tax cut…
morristown s fall festival on the green today  discussed issues of the day with morris county residents 
happy birthday  president reagan 
rt  mwashington3j  thank you  reptedyoho for meeting with me to discuss the fight to keep kids healthy  sdg3 
join us tonight beginning at 7 20 p m  edt for our seventh  va05  interactive town hall meeting of 2018  sign up to…
more than 300 companies - and counting - are responding to the tax cutsand jobs act by giving their employees raises …
have you checked your paycheck this month to see if your take-home pay got a boost thanks to the tax cutsand jobs act…
my staff will be in monroeville  jackson  grove hill  and chatom today to help residents with problems relating…
50 years ago today  dr  martin luther king died in memphis  but his dream did not  let s honor his legacy   mlk50… 
rt  zippyduvall  thank you  ag chair  conawaytx11 and  houseagnews for all your hard work in moving the 2018 farm bill forward for america s…
productive day visiting with folks across  mi08   started off the morning touring revability in oakland county  they…
rt  repdonbacon  last night  the house passed the soccer caucus  resolution  h con res  111 expresses support for north america s united bi…
for over ten years  the opioid epidemic has been ripping apart families in tennessee and across this nation  i m re…
another boost to the economy since the tax cutsand jobs act  pfizer will invest  5 billion in the u s  and employees…
my vote in favor of the balanced budget amendment 
army cpl  david d  white deserves the medal of honor for his valor during the civil war  i am proud to be working o…
it was an honor to speak to some of the incredible students being recognized at last night s muscogee county ctae b…
americans across the country are seeing the benefits of the tax cuts  and businesses of all sizes are making plans…
ready to join  varneyco on  foxbusiness  make sure to tune in 
the time is now for tax reform  waysandmeansgop
i am grateful for the leadership of president donald trump and secretary of defense james mattis in taking the use…
in today s va hearing we discussed improvements to and reauthorization of choice program 
📺tune in  full committee markup
a big congrats to the  goicehogs and wishing them good luck in the conference finals  game1 is this friday   il16… 
today  we hosted  secretaryzinke to discuss interior priorities & numerous land mngt failures of previous admin
  patriciaheaton thank you for helping to bring attention to this very important cause
it s a tradition unlike any other - happy masters week  who do you think will bring home the coveted green jacket 
this year s national defense authorization act boosts alabama s military installations and ensures that our service…
rt  speakerryan  today  the  uscapitol flags are lowered to half-staff in honor of our country s law enforcement who have given their lives…
great to speak to our seniors from  mn02  about the impact of tax reform and to take questions on social security an…
trying times like these are when i am thankful for the oklahoma standard via  newsok
rt  robertharding    repjohnkatko pens an op-ed with  jahimes on bipartisan work to reach a permanent daca solution
rt  mschlapp    jim_jordan s and  repmarkmeadows  leadership of the  freedomcaucus has given conservatives a real seat at the table in wash…
good luck to  northernstateu at today s championship game  go wolves
great to see nebraskans representing disabled american veterans  productive discussion on the need for advancing tr…
rt  houseappropsgop  members of the labor  hhs subcommittee attend this morning s oversight hearing on down syndrome research developments …
had an informative meeting w/ the addiction policy forum abt our efforts to combat opioid addiction  a priority of…
rt  houseagnews  the 2018 farm bill makes key provisions to support our troops  s n a pmatters
can t get enough of this mi01 beauty  thanks for capturing it   dustindilworth
rt  vp  words fail when saints and heroes fall  we gathered last night to extend our deepest sympathies to the families of the fallen & inj…
good news for smallbiz who are often the most targeted folks for nefarious state-sponsored actors  the committee d…
thank you for stopping by  frank  career tech education is an important component in the education policy debate an…
ending homelessness is a national priority that both sides of the aisle support  i m proud to team up with…
great to be with all of you this morning to talk about the issues facing our farmers and all agribusiness  thank yo…
happy birthday  norad  thankful for the men and women serving our country there 
big news  because of the tax cuts & jobs act   cvspharmacy - which employs 240k  americans - has announced it s boo…
in 2013 senator schumer said   no matter how strongly one feels about an issue  you shouldn t hold millions of peop…
breaking news  u s  opens embassy in jerusalem  thank you  potus for standing up for israel 
incredible work taking place in e  ky  to establish our region as an advanced manufacturing hub - learn more  
rt  scactionnetwork  many thanks to  repstevestivers   congressmanraja   repryancostello &  repseanmaloney for committing to save moms and ki…
thank you to all our vietnam war veterans  including my brother  ml  welcome home  national vietnam war veterans day
stream live now 📺 hearing on  strengthening access and accountability to work in welfare programs  
this disregard for the rule of law is ludicrous  we must do more to crack down on these politicians that are harbor…
rt  cathymcmorris  the protecting young victims from sexual abuse and safe sport authorization act will make sure that our nation s amateur…
this week honors the incredible contributions teachers have made to our lives  the lives of our children  and our c…
📺 stream live  hearing on  msha_dol
very sad and angered to hear of yet another terrorist attack in europe  my prayers and my thoughts are with the victims and their families 
i hope the administration reconsiders these tariffs  the retaliatory measures that other countries could take again…
i ve been fighting to move this process forward for years  and will continue to do so until these final categories…
chairman  petesessions welcomes fellow texan and eagle scout  michael quinn sullivan  president of  empowertexans t…
i m a no on tax reform without changes  tax reform should lower taxes for all americans  regardless where they live 
big news → the house just voted to condemn the tyrannical  corrupt  and unlawful iranian regime  we must support th…
 mikejinid you are not very bright are you  maybe your obsession with russia is messing with your brain cells  you…
rt  stcharlesgov  news   repgarretgraves visits local talkshow in st  charles parish  thanks  satellitecenter for filming 
rt  placersheriff  members of  replamalfa office presented congressional recognition to auburn jail staff for role in evac inmates during …
from my interview with the  fdrlst→ to rebuild trust and restore confidence in representative government & the rule…
the penny plan is a simple  straightforward approach towards putting our financial house in order 
god bless you barbara bush  you are the rock of an american family of patriots 
 hr3219  provides that peace of mind  ✔️⬆️ 6b from fy17 levels ✔️guaranteed medical care access ✔️reduces disability claims backlog  5/7 
this year  we are specifically honoring & remembering 360 brave men and women who died in the line of duty  police week2018
the discussion draft  21st century tools for pain and addiction treatments  has been reported to the full cmte by a vote of 19 to 10 
always fun and invigorating to come back to northern middle school   nmshistorygeek
under the tax cuts and jobs act  the child tax credit will increase from  1 000 to  1 600  over 45 000 north state…
community banks serve the mom-and-pop businesses that underpin our economy  providing access to credit to pursue th…
it was great to have my cousin phil beckman and his family at the capitol yesterday  phil spent 24 years in the nav…
the  househomeland january 2018 terror threat snapshot is out - read here 
news release on secure america s future act  our conservative immigration reform bill  plus links to summary and…
rt  financialcmte    federalreserve chairman powell testifies before our committee tomorrow for the first time  he ll update us on monetary…
rt  mflaction  thank you  repronestes  repdianeblack  repchrissmith  rephartzler  repjimbanks and all 153 members of congress who stood up…
rt  speakerryan  minutes ago  senate democrats joined republicans in voting to reopen the government  this shutdown inflicted needless cost…
all of the above energy means supporting all types of american energy including  ☢️ nuclear 💨 wind 💧 hydropower ⛏️…
i hope to see you there   nwherald
very productive panel today with  repstephmurphy and  iti_techtweets advocating for bipartisan solutions to  daca… 
rt  repgonzalez  i am proud to join  reppoliquin in introducing h r  5654  the vawa protections for rural women act of 2018  that will add…
the new  amznfulfillment center will be a catalyst for continued growth in kck  bringing 2 000 jobs and new opportu…
rt  jecrepublicans    reperikpaulsen asks  whitehousecea chair hassett about how tax reform  hear the response live 
i look forward to working with  repjohnlewis to get the d e l i v e r act act to the president s desk 
rt  alexrosshdn   repryanzinke to present commemorative lapel pins to military veterans in the  msunorthern student union building ballro…
millions of americans of working age &  not in the workforce   107 423 171 to be exact  are sitting on the sideline…
tomorrow  i will be honoring vietnam veterans from  va06  in woodstock to commemorate the 50th anniversary of the v…
yesterday  conawaytx11 and  houseagnews introduced the 2018 farm bill  i look forward to working on this legislatio…
great to honor the service of many wwii veterans in ceremony today  greatest generation
this morning  i gave a house floor speech calling for a vote on right to try legislation that would enable terminal…
i support  potus  realdonaldtrump working with chinese president xi and other asian leaders to continue pressuring…
rt  housejudiciary  🚨  repkenbuck gaveling in now ↓
  repdesantis  at the time of his inauguration  the islamic state controlled major cities in iraq and syria  the is…
rt  housegop  what do you want from taxreform  more jobs  bigger paychecks  or fairer taxes  or maybe you want it all  vote now 
on this day in 1917  eugene bullard became the first african-american military pilot - one of only two to serve in w…
rt  wsu_cougar_pres  aerospace industry in wa state provided 136 100 jobs at 1 400 establishments- to remain competitive we must partner wi…
great morning on friday at brentwood s twin pines elementary school book fair where students were provided free boo…
rt  houseappropsgop  starting at 10 am  chairman  repcharliedent and the milcon/va subcommittee hold an oversight hearing on military energ…
gilmer county  gafarmbureau members were gracious to share their insights on agriculture issues with me recently  a…
this week  house will consider fy18 spending bills to protect our national security and exercise congressional oversight responsibilities 
thanks to  realdonaldtrump s tax cuts  anthem  which employs 4 700 hoosiers  will be giving all employees a  1 000…
speaking with  slcchuftalin about salt lake community college and its innovative open s l c c  plus ways to make…
medicare open enrollment for 2018 ends dec  7  know of someone who would benefit from changing their plans  please…
what incredible works of art   icymi   it s not too late for  ga10  students to submit their original pieces to parti…
this is an historic moment that moves us one step closer to sending a tax bill to  potus s desk …
proud of our dedicated men and women in uniform who bravely defend our country every day  and for all those who hav…
had a great lunch at tivoli high school  where the seven seniors are holding a steak sale for hurricane harvey reli…
excited to hear from business  nonprofit leaders tmrw for women in workforce hearing  live stream g o p working4 women
thank you for 380 years of service   usnationalguard  happy birthday 
tonight   5 30  i am hosting a tele-town hall for residents of baltimore  carroll  cecil  and harford counties  sig…
this  nwcouncil article highlights the science-based need for my bill to protect endangered salmon from extinction 
congress should be setting an example for the nation  glad yesterday we passed a measure requiring anti-harassment…
  potus   the united states is a compassionate nation  we are proud that we do more than any other country to help…
rt  susanwbrooks  tune in live to g o p workingfor women focused on private sector efforts to help women succeed & lead  watch 
incredible news from  apple today  they ve announced plans to invest over  350 billion in the nation s economy & cr…
rt  trevorrwhite  packed house at b&e implement in lamesa as producers hear from  sentedcruz   conawaytx11 and  secretarysonny at swca meet…
20 000 new american jobs  a new u s  campus  and enhanced job training programs  further evidence that tax reform w…
huge congrats to the local blm employees from grand junction who received two prestigious awards this week  thx for…
enjoyed catching up with  secretarylawson and  repjimbanks yesterday to discuss innovation in our state and local g…
emergency services must keep pace with our changing digital landscape  my questions at today s sub comm tech hearing 
good friday marks the day in history jesus took the punishment for my sins & the sins of the world and paid the pri…
breaking  chairman  lamarsmithtx21 & oversight subcmte chairman  repabraham send letter to  fdic requesting informa…
navigating the federal bureaucracy isn t easy – so we often intervene on constituents  behalf to find solutions or…
icymi  lawmakers looking for solutions for children caught in the middle of the opioid crisis 
rt  housevetaffairs  now  the committee s hearing to review  deptvetaffairs fiscal year 2019 budget request is live  stream it here 
rt  ferrisathletics  national champions 
we finally have a u s  ambassador to germany & it couldn t have happened sooner  especially w/chancellor merkel abo…
rt  justinamash  section 702 of fisa is used to conduct warrantless searches on americans in contravention of the 4th amendment  some repub…
we must continue to shine a light on the needs of our region post harvey  that s why my  househomeland committee g…
i discussed tax reform w/  afphq last friday  for updates from  housegop text  tax reform  to 50589  tax reform…
i have greatly appreciated  speakerryan s friendship & his thoughtful leadership throughout my time in congress  th…
congratulations on the formation of the new key west  citizensclimate group   repcurbelo met with some of the found…
during the floor vote on my community bank bill  i visited with  speakerryan and thanked him for his unselfish lead…
rt  housegop  230 years ago today  our great experiment of self-governing became law  constitution day
rt  repdavidvaladao  our hearts break w/ news out of dallas  the bravery of these officers will never be forgotten  dallas strong
it s time to change the conversation on poverty from one solely on benefits to one focused on helping lift folks ou…
tina and i are heartbroken to hear the news of the passing of mary regula  the champion behind the first ladies lib…
to the students of eureka springs high school  i want to say thank you for having me this afternoon  officialeureka
breaking  chairmen  repgoodlatte and  tgowdysc call for a second special counsel to investigate potential bias  con…
today  aviation helps drive the economy  accounting for millions of american jobs & over 5% of our nation s gdp …
there could be a significant severe weather potential monday afternoon/evening across the 4th distict  here is a ma…
the fact that lawmakers would cast this aside in order to fulfill their own political narrative is baffling and shameful 
rt  freedomworks  thanks to  repsanfordsc for fighting for fiscal sanity  this key vote will show america who wants to end out of control s…
thanks to everyone who showed up at my townhall today - it was fun 
it was such an honor to deliver the congressional address to the enlisted association of the national guard of tenn…
  tgowdysc  few things are as imminently predictable as the decennial census  it comes every ten years wether we are ready for it or not 
today i had the pleasure of speaking with the erwin kiwanis club  i always enjoy my time at home in the first distr…
thank you to chief ethanol in hastings   auroraagnetwork  and a&l sales and service in henderson for meeting with m…
i asked hhs secretary alex azar about an innovative way to help medicare patients pay their bills and important ste…
happy st  patrick s day  start your day with an irish dreamer quote   yes  i am a dreamer  for a dreamer is one wh…
 melissaquinn97 grace act  no government contracts for companies who donate to planned parenthood 
 bloomberg  share of u s  small businesses raising pay hits 17-year high  tcja  small biz  nfib 
hr 4284 - info act ✅ combats the opioid crisis by collecting and aggregating data and information relating to the…
i will be hosting a veterans resource fair at the greenville american legion  post 291 on friday from 11am—1pm  m…
more positive news for hardworking small businesses following tax and regulatory reform  the latest  nfib survey fi…
great news  tax reform is delivering real results to real texas families 
today i had the pleasure of touring the  paleyinstitute in west palm beach  which specializes in bone and joint con…
big news  today the house passed legislation providing an additional  81 billion for disaster relief funding  stren…
rt  puremichigan  are you brave enough to make a halloween visit  13 haunted places in  travelmarquette 
 through phishing  threat actors can steal data or intellectual property  access corporate systems  and/or commit f…
forty-five years ago today  rep  sam johnson returned home to texas after spending almost seven years as a prisoner…
rt  houseappropsgop  our veterans deserve our full support for their sacrifices in defense of this nation  that s why the fy18 omnibus prov…
proud to lead my ohio colleagues in urging the trump admin to enforce open skies agreements & protect american jobs…
 bmcclendon i think you are talking about the senate bill  not the house bill  but i ve got good news for you  they…
while democrats may want every committee of congress to investigate the same fact patterns  it isn t a prudent use…
utility bills are dropping in 39 states — texas included — and companies are passing on the savings   benefits to…
 tgraham6 i appreciate your input  but the article that you highlight talks about the ethics committee not the over…
from the beginning  the obama-era iran deal was deeply flawed  my full statement ↓
one of the true honors of my job is spending time w/ honor flight veterans  these men and women are the true embodi…
more good news as  whitehouse  ustreasury  potus sends strong message to putin -- there are consequences to…
i applaud president trump for keeping his word  honoring his promises to the american people  and recognizing that…
thankful for the first responders and members who conducted cpr  continuing to pray for those impacted by today s a…
had a great time at the nj unico bocce tournament for cancer research 
 we can lift our citizens from welfare to work  from dependence to independence  and from poverty to prosperity  …
thanks to the passage of the tax cut and jobs act  the child tax credit is also refundable for low-income families…
rt  audreybiesk  right now   reptomrice is talking about the benefits of two new opportunity zones awarded in marion county   wmbfnews
this week i talked with  wdtn about the opioid epidemic  north korea  china  and funding for  wrightpattafb …
congratulations again to the lady knights  state champs  🏀
small business is the cornerstone of our nation  in fact  99 9% of all american businesses are small businesses  gl…
enjoyed being with  greenvilletech this morning for the ribbon cutting of their new state of the art training cente…
rt  kens5  officials continue to stress safety over worrying about your packages arriving on time 
pro-growth taxreform will help make america the best place in the world to invest and start a business …
all congressional art competition submissions are due today by 5pm  ⬇️
yesterday i discussed increasing the defense budget with secretary mattis at an armed services committee hearing 
i hope everyone has had an enjoyable mother s day 
last saturday  i had the opportunity to meet several texas patriot guard riders and thank them for supporting our n…
rt  inredcross    repwalorski loves the red cross and repeatedly thanked our volunteers in elkhart for what they do red cross month
rt  nikkihaley  at a certain point you re either for an independent and impartial investigation  or you re not  today for the 6th time russ…
read my full statement on the fy18 budget that passed  housebudgetgop tonight →
 senjoniernst thanks  senator 
rt  outnumberedot  today   harrisfaulkner talks to congressman  darrellissa about possible fisa abuses by the doj and fbi   that  plus  mic…
last night  iranian forces in syria launched a rocket attack on our israelis allies  the world is not surprised  fo…
today  it was my pleasure to recognize rex bell  former  cityofbrighton council member  with a congressional record…
check out the  fortinet threat map sometime to see real-time cyberattacks happening around the globe  i m working…
rt  politicolive   i see so many countries doing better than we re doing at pre-funding space programs  pre-funding science…and we ve been…
rt  foxbusiness    repkevinbrady on democrats calling tax cuts  crumbs    i think they are being proved wrong every day back home  
 sarahpaddon1 the people in my district already spoke out  they disagree with you & elected me
today  overdose is the number one cause of death for americans under 50  in illinois  emergency room visits for…
rt  reppeteolson  great to visit my alma mater   riceuniversity  w/  judgetedpoe   congculberson & experts to discuss how to prevent sexual…
a big thanks to jeff poor with yellowhammernews for coming by today to interview me today about…
icymi  i spoke on the house floor yesterday about the proposed balanced budget constitutional amendment that all bu…
jacquie and i wish you all a good friday full of reflection  hope  and reverence 
on the air now with jerry coyne in grayling on q100  talking va  and veterans day 
great to hear from hard-working women who own and operate local louisiana businesses 
 our first two hearings brought to light two realities  good jobs are plentiful and workers are available to fill t…
i am about to call in to  wtaw1620 to give a washington update  tune in or listen online
it was great to meet with michigan  4h members during their trip to dc yesterday 
i ll be joining  thedanmasonshow at 4 pm pt  7 pm et  on  newstalk780koh  tune in live 
american workers are the lynchpin of a healthy economy  employers provide the capital and take the risk to create v…
rt  speakerryan  it s time to check your check  starting this month  90% of americans will see bigger paychecks as a result of the tax cuts…
west texas values are consistent with the values of the military  hard work  sacrifice  determination and service -…
rt  maderasheriff  mission fire morning update  currently estimated at 875 acres and 8% containment  with 462 personnel assigned 
we can t continue to kick the can down the road  washington has a spending problem  and it s time for politicians t…
rt  stevescalise    cbsthismorning asked an accountant how the tax cuts & jobs act will affect 3 families across america  all of them wil…
on yom hashoah  we remember the 6 million innocent lives murdered in the holocaust  holocaust remembrance day  holocaustmuseum
a big thank you to  republicanstudy intern  avery - who collected 70 member signatures on our letter encouraging ta…
rt  the_citizen    repjohnkatko at white house as  potus declares opioid crisis a national health emergency  by  ro…
this bill sends a loud  clear message that congress won t tolerate those who seek to harm americans  their institutions & way of life   3/7 
rt  robertharding  upstate ny reps —  repchriscollins   repjohnkatko and  reptenney — want lake ontario shoreline damage report
this morning  i spoke at the signing of the stop offshore oil and gas act by gov  murphy  in point pleasant beach 
rt  indylegion   indylegion met with  reptrey to discuss  americanlegion legislative agenda  legion storms hill
my annual heroes of the 8th veterans recognition ceremony is about to start at sunset hills park in apple valley 
today i stopped by the new location of wnin in evansville and met with ceo brad kimmel  great facility  we talked a…
flooding in july 2017 caused millions of dollars of damage in communities that cannot foot the entire bill themselv…
during national park week  we celebrate america s great treasures & beauty  including our very own acadia  today  a…
rt  jgunlock  before you tweet about hands off s n a p  how about you take a moment to read about the very reasonable work requirements being p…
good to visit with  seia and  southrncurrent_ to learn more about the growth of solar in sc 
glad to see common sense prevail  we asked the  usda to reconsider the burdensome organic livestock and poultry pr…
rt  foxbusiness    warrendavidson on military strike on syria   i applaud the fact that they put together a coalition that includes france…
check out  buzzfeednews article on my justice served act   we support this bill and every effort the federal govern…
this morning i visited  myteklab and met some of our future innovators  stem education is important in an ever more…
i ll be on  squawkcnbc at approx  8 am et to share how taxreform is creating more opportunities for americans and their families 
 mn03  represented  congrats to  oronoboyshockey on their hockey championship  🏆 💪
rt  johnlevimiller  another great day in washington  team indiana hoosiers
agree with  gopleader and applaud his leadership on this issue  using rescissions is a common-sense move to roll ba…
rt  natresources  the navajo generating station & kayenta mine support 3 000 jobs and generate billions of dollars for arizona s economy  …
i had a great visit at the utahlegislature today- speaking to the utah house and utah senate about taxreform…
rt  autismnj    repchrissmith letter  bill would protect children with autism via  cpsj
rt  americanewsroom   what does it look like if our economy is growing at 3% instead of 2%    the more we learn  the better it looks   -  p…
rt  shopfloornam  survey results  72% of manufacturers are increasing wages and benefits due to tax reform  not crumbs
congratulations to the  grbj newsmakers of 2017  grbjnewsmakers
lincoln s 2nd inaugural address on display 3/4-3/7  librarycongress   with malice toward none  with charity for all 
president macron is the eighth french president to address a joint meeting of congress  he is the first since nicol…
happy earth day  from mi01 🌎
rt  cspan    repmccaul on austin bombings   these are heinous hateful acts on innocent americans and they will not be tolerated  i know the…
h r  5272  reinforcing evidence-based standards under law in treating substance abuse act has passed the full cmte by voice vote
i m very proud of what we have accomplished in our district  but there is more work to be done  i m going to keep f…
he is risen  this is a time for rejoicing and renewal  dean and i wish you and your family a blessed and joyful eas…
tonight at 5 30  i will begin my 2018 tele-town hall series  to participate in this call and future calls  you can…
the ywca opened the first domestic violence shelter in 1979 in evansville  i support bills to help stop domestic ab…
i was glad to welcome  secelainechao to my  houseappropsgop hearing this afternoon to discuss  usdot budget priorit…
the iran deal has never been the law of the land because it was never ratified as a treaty by the senate  or enacte…
the best & brightest minds are working on the forefront of technology to create the first spacecraft from southwest…
from my family to yours  happy st patricks day to everyone in western  pa   across america  and around the world  god…
congressman griffith met with pennington gap council members and administrators this afternoon to talk about damage…
happy national teachers day to all of our incredible teachers  including my wife  you change the world — one life at a time 
today is p o w m i a recognition day  where we remember those american heroes who were taken prisoner or remain missing …
rt  billhemmer  now  jeh johnson says  based on everything i know    no evidence  that  thru cyber intrusion votes were altered or suppress…
after hurricane maria devastated puerto rico   ogande sent their fleet to the rescue  great to see an  ok  company a…
i m glad i got to meet with the alabama engineering companies of alabama earlier today  we had a productive convers…
rt  pachc1   repryancostello   repcharliedent   repsmucker   congressmangt   repbrianfitz   repmeehan
rt  iowafuel  wrapped up the day on the hill with  repdavidyoung  thank you congressman for supporting biofuels ethanol r f s works
i m pleased to announce  forthood is receiving  117 4m in barracks funding  there s nothing more important to me th…
rt  nasa  today  n a s a remembers and pays tribute to the crews of apollo 1 and space shuttles challenger and columbia  as well as other coll…
on national ag day  i want to thank all of the farmers  producers  and those who have a hand in feeding and fueling…
congratulations to sgts  jeffers and stofko of  jtownpd on your retirements  thank you for your combined 73 years o…
joined  atl  medtech community to discuss need to hire military veterans  thank you for supporting our veterans 
rt  govwaste  congrats  repscottperry for being named a  taxpayer super hero  - thank you for your hard work 
health savings accounts and flexible spending accounts are the bedrock of consumer choice  my legislation would rem…
    in the virginia general assembly and congress to improve the national instant background check system  nics  an…
tune in live 
rt  garyamossfs  workforce education is paramount for manufacturing s future success via  reppaulmitchell at mi a18 skillsgap
rt  organictrade  thank you  repjohnfaso for championing organic research and fighting to increase the integrity of usda organic globally…
iran s unprovoked aggression toward the sovereign nation of  israel is unacceptable & cannot be tolerated  to our…
smart farm technology requires modern  high-speed internet access  i am offering two amendments to 2018 farm bill to…
rt  earlbrooker  8th district congressman  repgallagher joined the wtaq morning news with matt &  earlbrooker  if you missed it check out…
congrats to boundary county library   libraryjournal best small library in america  visit l…
rt  westerncaucus  our keynote speaker this morning is the first female commissioner of the u s  bureau of reclamation  usbr brenda burman …
today is cinco de mayo & the kentucky derby but it s also military appreciation month  right now  my office is hostin…
tax reform & regulatory reform are paying off for the american people 
rt  keithrothfus  thanks to the tax cutsand jobs act  today we celebrate the end of our 32-year-old tax code 
rt  epolicyworks  rep   greggharper calls to unlock the untapped potential among millions of disabled people 
thank you for meeting with me today 
today from 2-5 pm  staff will hold office hours in rutherford co at the rutherfordton town hall to answer questions & concerns 
small biz sat is nov 25  when we shop small  we support the small businesses that unite our communities
if you can t get an answer from a federal agency or have been treated unfairly  my office can try to help &gt &gt &gt 
today we remember the lives lost at pearl harbor 76 years ago on a bright sunday morning in december  america is et…
on now  morningbriefing previewing  potus remarks to local 18  a diversified trade union representing heavy equipme…
great news →  mcdonalds is expanding tuition benefits for its employees because of tax reform 
rt  repwesterman  the last several wildfire seasons have resulted in devastation in states across the western and southeastern united state…
rt  jim_jordan  the time for action is now  listen live as  repmarkmeadows and i discuss  freedomcaucus and more  a time for action
rt  miriam_aikens  praising the lord for this man  mark walker representing us -the 6th district- in washington dc  he s about people &gt  po…
thanks to  repstevepearce  chair of subcommittee on terror finance  for speaking at parliamentary security forum
my office is currently accepting internship applications through march 31  more information here 
yesterday  the congressional victims  rights caucus hosted our annual awards ceremony  i was privileged to present…
busy day at the capitol - chairing cia subcommittee hearing this morning & speaking on house floor this afternoon i…
fun watching  webbsimpson1 lead  theplayers   pga   theplayerschamp bring it home tomorrow   pgatour
it s health & food safety first at central illinois bakehouse  i partnered w/  ustravel &  visitchampaign to hear f…
congrats to senator duckworth 
proud to honor the sanctity of human life today and everyday  click to read my latest column on last week s…
rt  93wibc  next on  tonykatz |  replukemesser talks gop taxcuts and what s next  tune in now 
rt  sonc_beafan  just met with  reppittenger to advocate support for the important work of  specialolympics  thanks for meeting with us tod…
 congressman talks economic development in carroll county   fpstandard
roll call ranks ak as 1 performing delegation in congress proud to serve on this team and work on behalf ak people…
  realdonaldtrump s tax cut plan continues to prove how off base the democrat scare tactics and talking points were…
the  nytimes features a piece about a growing example of economic & emotional struggle in the dairy industry  farm…
after discussions with my family & careful reflection  i have decided to leave congress in the coming weeks  servin…
for those that have put everything on the line for our country  the service and sacrifice doesn t end when they get…
rt  v_of_europe  some pictures tell more than a thousand words
rt  glarducks  thanks to  repgallagher for meeting with  ducksunlimited and supporting  nawca  for wisconsin and north american wetlands  ht…
great american 
watch my 18 5 min floor speech detailing the case for a 2nd special counsel tonight as i led a special order on the…
i look forward to  diamondandsilk  s uncensored testimony at judiciary committee tomorrow  they are coming to docum…
the interior department s plan to weaken safety rules for offshore oil drilling is rash and reckless  have we for…
press release —&gt  womack  boozman welcome secretary of the air force to northwest arkansas  read it here …
glad to hear  potus say  we want every american to know the dignity of a hard day s work  we want every child to b…
if senate fails to act before midnight deadline & government shuts down  i will remain ready to vote in washington…
rt  canceradvocacy    cure_magazine highlights the c c p cact and the importance of cancer care planning   crafting cancer care plans is a c…
rt  latvia_usa  our sincerest congratulations to our northern baltic neighbor estonia on 100 years of statehood  🇪🇪🇪🇪🇪🇪
rt  crainschicago    peterroskam is meeting with crain s editorial board this morning at 10 a m  we ll stream it on facebook live  https //…
in case you missed it   conawaytx11 joined  agritalk today to talk 2018 farm bill 
it is extremely disheartening that politics have been put ahead of our troops  health care for 9 million children a…
 otd  in 1847  pope pius ix established the catholic diocese of galveston  which originally covered an area of almos…
remembering dr  king s life & legacy in our nation s capital with none other than his oldest son  martin luther kin…
go  teamusa  pyeong chang2018
if senate dems allowed annual appropriations bills to come up for senate floor debate/vote prior to sept 30th  end…
please join me in wishing all the wonderful mothers throughout  wnc  and  nc10  a very happy mother s day  thank you…
it s national library week and a good time for a  tbt  to last month when  libnofcongress dr  carla hayden visited oh…
great news→ this bill repealing another burdensome obama-era regulation that s hurting consumers in the auto lendin…
icymi  i sent a letter with new york colleagues to the  ustraderep urging the inclusion of dairy priorities in any…
i want to extend my thanks  l to r  to stephanie daigle  callie parks  & corey parks for stopping by for a capitol…
we wrote this in an op-ed yesterday  all the evidence points in one direction  comey and clapper set up a briefing…
community banks still struggling w/ sheer volume of dodd frank s regulations via  stwnewspress
rt  housecommerce  sub oversight questions drug distributors about practices during height of opioid crisis as part of year-long bipartisan…
barbara bush was the epitome of class and decency  her strong family values and contributions to our nation will be…
this morning i visited health services  inc  in montgomery for a discussion with the board of directors and a tour…
rt  virginiafoxx  had a nice tour of the plant and meeting with the leadership team at  sustainablesock in mt  airy  small business week ma…
rt  indyfund  wednesday night   indyfund celebrated both the alive day of our chief ambassador  mike verardo  and the launch of  sarah_vera…
at  housecommerce this week  we held a two-day hearing featuring 25 bipartisan bills to help combat the opioid cris…
secretary  stevenmnuchin1 testifies before our committee tomorrow at 10am et for our annual hearing on the financia…
can t wait for pompeo to fix  statedept asap  acting asst sec satterfield claimed to me  houseforeign that iran isn…
rt  jecrepublicans  positive news about tax reform on tax day
i would like to thank my friend  speakerryan for his service and leadership to the u s  house of representatives an…
it was wonderful to talk with the senior class of heartland christian school  such young talent and a great future…
lte via  dailyfreeman  the work & training requirements offered in the 2018 farm bill are not onerous or cruel  20h/…
congress s number one responsibility is to provide for the defense of this nation and this agreement enables us to…
today i talk passage of the veterans transplant coverage act  tax reform  veterans day and more in my boarding pass…
rt  joannekenen  timely - and great panelists including  repjoekennedy  rephalrogers
this embassy move demonstrates our commitment to both our strong ally and our commitment to peace  we will always s…
otd in 1995  toy story  the first feature-length film created entirely using cgi  was released  to infinity and beyond 
in  co   small businesses employ over 1 1 million coloradans  support our community by shopping locally …
 my bill  combined with the oversight study legislation i cosponsored  will move us toward our shared goal of savin…
honored to receive the  shopfloornam award for manufacturing legislative excellence at the hitachi facility in norm…
today  through my role as chairman of the committee on house administration  i held a hearing to…
since 1636  the  usnationalguard is  always ready  always there   thank you to everyone serving in the…
the months between april & august are some of the busiest for constituents visiting washington  d c  my office is a…
don t forget  tonight is my summit on human trafficking at battle high school performing arts center in columbia  i…
this saturday  april 28th  is national prescription take back day  for a full list of take back day locations  clic…
rt  gerryconnolly  pleased to join  repjohnkatko to introduce the earned act  this bill is a clear win-win  it builds on the successful 9/1…
visited w/  mycentralcoop ceo david swank who gave me a tour of their new hq and some of the tech they re using to…
rt  repjoewilson  tune in 
today   11 00 am  cha hearing on oversight of architect of the capitol s office of inspector general  watch here --&gt 
rt  yakima_herald  rep  dan newhouse nominates 13 for attendance at u s  military academies yakimanews
texas is seeing utility companies pass the benefits they receive from the tax cutsand jobs act onto hardworking ameri…
rt  waysandmeansgop  soon  tune in live to hear testimony from  ustraderep lighthizer on the administration s recent trade actions  includi…
happening now  tune in 
tune in now  as i testify before the  housejudiciary committee regarding the importance of the h-2a visa program 
today  speakerryan announced he will leave congress next year  i am filled with gratitude for his friendship and…
as i strongly opposed when obama admin tried to open mid-atlantic to drilling  i strongly oppose trump admin plan f…
rt  neiltyson  his passing has left an intellectual vacuum in his wake  but it s not empty  think of it as a kind of vacuum energy permeati…
rt  whaasstsecty  the u s  condemns last night s violence in nicaragua  we call on the nicaraguan government to respect protestors  rights…
rt  housegop  you ve heard about 4 million workers getting  4 billion in bonuses  but have you heard about the 40 states where utility bill…
rt  secretarysonny  at  canratmsu they re doing amazing work on cattle genetics and increasing fertility and milk production  touring  mich…
i ve heard from a mother whose child started down the dangerous path of drug use & then became addicted to heroin …
rt  robertharding    repjohnkatko  nielsen  fine choice  for homeland security secretary
rt  autonomyworks   autonomyworks was honored to participate in this hearing  thanks to  housesmallbiz for inviting us and for your ongoing…
the dedication of the new american embassy in jerusalem is a reaffirmation of our deep commitment and friendship wi…
my staff and i took a quick selfie with  govmattbevin at the henry clay dinner 
rt  transport  scenes from this morning s coast guard hearing  chairman  repduncanhunter   repbrianmast  and  repgarretgraves
for far too long  we have employed a  one size fits all  method for treating pain & substance abuse disorder  today…
rt  waysandmeansgop  chairman  repkevinbrady s remarks on the housefloor in support of gsp renewal  the bipartisan legislation provides ta…
as farmers are getting ready to plant this year s crop  it is important the small businesses and groups who provide…
chairman  rep_stevewomack   cbo s work products are critical to the federal budget-making process  and congress rel…
pam & i extend our prayers & love 2 those killed  wounded & present at the las vegas shooting  2 their families and 2 the firstresponders 
so great to see my  michfarmbureau friends from  mi06  today  despite the snow  
rt  brewers  brewers win 8-0  hope you enjoyed our friday night fish fry  thank you very much  we ll be here all weekend  this is my crew…
no one is more deserving of the 2019 nobel peace prize than  realdonaldtrump for his tireless work to bring peace t…
honored my office could take part in the groundbreaking for the camp pendleton vietnam war memorial this weekend
thank you to  potus for approving the federal disaster declaration for alabama following the storms last month that…
that s very kind  thank you   406duke 
navigating the federal bureaucracy isn t easy – so we often intervene on constituents  behalf to find solutions or…
hey  fl26   the  natlparkservice is kicking off national park week today with free entry to all our nation s national…
honored to join the  indianachamber and members of the  gwchamber during national small business week  our small bu…
68% oppose the visa lottery  the securing america s future act gets rid of it 
san antonio is leading the way in cybersecurity & defense across texas & the nation  earning the titles of…
 why can t male astronauts see in space   nasa  texas researchers aim to find out  -  expressnews
kudos to sheldon wolf  one of my constituents and a local small business owner  who generously decided to pass alon…
s j  res  22 - disapproving the  epa   wotus   waters of the u s   rule
my thoughts and prayers are with are with my friends  colleagues  the crew  first responders  and others affected b…
 natlparkservice also  the bureau of land management will waive recreation-related fees for visitors to public lands on mlk day 
rt  housegop  flashback to when  senschumer thought a government shutdown was reckless 
so proud of team hartzler today as we raced in the 3-mile  aclinews capital challenge to raise money for  fidelco g…
wondering about the benefits of taxreform  learn more in this week s budget digest 
reforming our welfare programs and strengthening workfare requirements will help millions break the cycle of povert…
thank you  lamarsmithtx21 
for too long our farmers have been paying into the mpp without getting the results they need  as congress begins de…
rt  foxnews    jim_jordan on spending hikes   what i know is  we shouldn t spend this kind of money   the story htt…
great to join in the ribbon cutting ceremony today for  boeingdefense s new pac-3 facility in h ville  boeing s dec…
net farm income has fallen 52% since 2013  one of the steepest declines since the great depression  it is time to p…
thx to everyone who came out to carson on saturday to join me in supporting our local law enforcement officials 
paige maas is an 8th grader at jemtegaard in washougal who is battling type one diabetes  it was an honor to read a…
rt  repmccaul  as  potus and i have said before  walls work  i am pleased to see we are making great progress securing our southern border…
legislation that protects and promotes motherhood is worth passing  i m happy to call myself a cosponsor 
fixed link 
he is risen 
rt  fox5sandiego  lilac fire update  shelter set up for evacuees at oceanside high school is full  evacuees are being redirected to shelter…
3 reasons to support the tax cutand jobs act  1  bigger paychecks  2  more jobs  3  fairer taxes 
tonight i pray for the people of mexico city & those who lost loved ones after the disastrous mexico cityearthquake 
proud moment as a former team member to see  nmstatebaseball set a new school &  wacsjs record by putting up a 39-0…
i ll be taking your questions at about 12pm - use hashtag ask bill johnson
reason two  the standard deduction is doubled 
50 years after his death  dr  king s powerful message of love and equality continues to inspire millions   mlk50 
i enjoyed showing my new webelo friends from dallas the view from my rules committee office  as a proud eagle scout…
rt  repbost   icymi   my op-ed in  thesouthern on the importance of the farm bill for southern illinois 
rt  ilfarmbureau    replahood joins illinois farmers in reinforcing  nafta  importance 
congrats  bigelowspace  beam has made it to the iss - this represents the start of privatization of human habitats 
 jbsa_official  reagan_airport a nonstop route from  satairport to  reagan_airport would save the  deptofdefense ha…
rt  housecommerce  icymi  sub health chairman  michaelcburgess leads special order on the house floor on the opioid crisis &gt &gt 
❤️❤️  virginiafoxx and her husband tom have been married for over 50 years  on valentines day  she explains why she…
rt  sbalist  planned parenthood celebrates their 100th birthday    but they ve ensured over 7 million will not celebrate their first 100 ye…
rt  houseforeign    repedroyce welcomes flow of yemen relief through hudaydah port
rt  heraldandreview    rodneydavis talked gun control  school security  farm bill and more during an interview with decatur high school sen…
time change  sub energy s hearing tomorrow will now start at 9 45 a m  &gt &gt 
very sad to hear of the passing of my colleague  louiseslaughter   louise & i chaired the congressional arts caucus…
that s why i cosponsored the a-plus act created by  repmarkwalker  it gives states the freedom to fund schools in t…
rt  nannburke    congressmandan backs bill to research toxics  exposure for children of veterans   detroitnews
in october we mark breast cancer awareness month  as always  we will continue to support research & awareness  we will find a cure 
thank you for meeting with me 
 usnavy vet albert james vierra served in the pacific during world war ii and was operating in papua new guinea whe…
rt  jecrepublicans  we are underway  tune in 
rt  reploubarletta  we are working together to make this nation a better place for every american  tax cuts are already making america s ec…
rt  repdavejoyce  the house just passed a spending bill for the remainder of fy18  i m proud to have led a group of bipartisan members to s…
happy father s day  i am especially thankful to be able to celebrate today with my three children 
i ve made this clear  our great lakes must be defended  reports of potential leaks & pipeline damages remind us of…
rt  housegop   put your feet in the right place and stand firm   lincoln  happy birthday to the 16th president of the united states 
happy birthday to my friend and our  waysandmeansgop chairman  repkevinbrady  proud to work with you on historic…
we remember the dream  we honor the legacy  and we teach a new generation  m l k day
  repguthrie delivered remarks at the start of today s skills gap hearing  watch here ↓
congress ought to stay in session through august to finish our work  been talking about this for years  glad to see…
gold star peak in the chugach range is officially recognized thanks to alaskan army 1st sgt kirk alkire  ret   he s…
rt  michstatepolice  saturday is national prescription drug take-back day  properly dispose expired  unused or unwanted medication for dest…
our country is truly fortunate to have exceptional men and women in our armed forces that keep our country safe  to…
today the house will vote on the final version of president trump s tax cuts and jobs bill  moving us a step closer…
i had the pleasure of meeting jill & melissa - two strong pro life leaders who are using their voice to protect our…
honor flight maine is an incredibly special tradition in our state that supports and thanks our veterans in a uniqu…
many thanks to the alpena rotary club and kiwanis club for the invite to speak with you at lunch and answer questio…
additional federal research    brings opportunity for public-private partnerships to form on key emerging areas inc…
dr  king s historical legacy is enshrined not just in america but worldwide because he grasped the fundamentals of…
stream live 📺 hearing to explore the modernization of the federal labor law
at least  ap will have the opportunity to get their tweet right 
rt  waysandmeansgop  breaking  house passes budget – paving way for once-in-a-generation  pro-growth tax reform for the american people htt…
  michfarmbureau stopped by my office last week to discuss upcoming legislative priorities for our diverse agricult…
great backgrounder here from  open_the_books on federal performance pay and more on legislation i recently introduc…
it is a moral obligation that we make certain we get government spending under control 
i commend president  realdonaldtrump for recognizing jerusalem as israel s rightful capital  israel is our stronges…
chairman  rephensarling  after 8 years of failed economic policies that led to the slowest  weakest recovery in the…
thank you for your support of this important legislation 
beyond proud to see minnesota s athletes shine for  teamusa in  pyeongchang2018  although  we may have an advantage…
rt  charliekirk11  a  fetus  in the womb has  • quarts of a different blood type • separate heartbeat • separate brain activity • uniqu…
there s no place like home  go hounds  ⚾️
tonight the house voted not only to keep the government open but also to fully fund the dod providing our military…
thank you for the visit  i agree with you  wonderful staff 
 china and russia both have detailed shopping lists of targeted u s  technologies and specific strategies for cland…
our framework for a tax code that works in the best interest of your business & family is here  taxreform
tax cutsand jobs act
small businesses are responsible for more than 46% of private sector output and because of taxreform  small busine…
wishing all of our marines a very happy birthday  thank you for 241 years of dedication and sacrifice   usmc …
welcome to  missouristate  coach ford 
praying for the innocent lives lost yesterday  may god bless the victims  families  & the sutherland springs community 
rt  mariabartiromo   it won t be a major rollback on dodd frank  but changes will impact community financial institutes  jobs act  more sta…
on this day in 1788  our great state of georgia joined these freedom-loving united states of america  happy birthday georgia   ga09  gapol
i support small businesses because they re so important to our economy and our communities  small business week
when working a 40 hour week  that extra  2 an hour means an extra  320 per month  walmart s pay raise to  11 will m…
live now  sub environment convenes hearing titled  sharing the road  policy implications of electric and convention…
check out my latest newsletter to learn more about recent meetings i held in or  my latest work as your representat…
thanks to tax reform  tax day got a whole lot better for employees of cox communications and kelley blue book in…
prayers and condolences go to the entire bush family during this time  may you rest in peace  mrs  bush 
results from a recent poll of rsc members on tariffs 
another innocent texan hurt  all  please continue to exercise the utmost caution in your surroundings  if you see a…
thanks  repblumenauer for giving bike pins to these pennsylvanians  i m proud to co-chair the public broadcasting c…
we also secured    for salmon runs  wildfire prevention  coast guard disaster relief efforts  pay raise for military
i visited the sc highway patrol to bring them cupcakes & thank them for their service  as we honor…
i was glad to discuss my latest waste watch report with  kocomaggie at  koconews last week 
to all those who ve bravely served this country often resulting in injuries  we owe a debt of gratitude  but that s…
excited to see google fiber is coming to raleigh  it will increase competition  create jobs & help our economy grow 
this thursday afternoon at 3 00 pm  i m hosting a town hall meeting in alva at the nwosu student center ranger room
rt  beaudouinso  délégation parlementaires à washington d c   moyens de controle & evaluation j3 ➡s e  gerardaraud  ambassadeur de fran…
rt  housecommerce  bipartisan cmte leaders   repgregwalden   michaelcburgess   frankpallone   repgenegreen on  potus signing fda reauthori…
this morning  i welcomed  ranchochristian school 7th and 8th graders on the steps of the  uscapitol  i had the opp…
great to see the  blueangels flying over central texas  i am looking forward to seeing them perform in the…
rt  usarmy  on this day  we honor the courage and sacrifice of the pearl harbor heroes  honor them pearl harbor76
proposal to arm and train supposedly vetted free syrian army runs great risk of back-firing syria islamic state
my bill  the improved support for missing and exploited children act  h r 1808   has been approved by  edworkforce 
rt  phnhealth  thank you  mikekellypa and staff for visiting our sharon medical group facility today  we truly appreciate your continued su…
as chair of the defense  houseappropsgop subcommittee  i want to start by thanking all of you who voted for the bud…
 if rural america fails  every american will feel it   - on  cspanwj this morning talking about the 2018 farm bill
happy birthday   speakerryan  
today is tax day  and it s the last time you will ever have to file your taxes under the old and broken tax code  n…
from my family to yours  merry christmas  🎄
did you know  from tax reform to giving our troops their biggest pay raise in 8 years  the house has passed almost 5…
rt  kalpublicsafety  gone  but not forgotten  please help us remember pso eric zapata today who gave his life 7 years ago while responding…
this national police week we say thank you to all the law enforcement officers who courageously put their lives on t…
i look forward to hearing from you during my live telephone town hall this evening from 5 30 – 6 30pm  you can join…
regardless of one s political persuasion  there s great inspiration to be found in the words of martin luther king…
sub health is now considering h r  5197  alternatives to opioids  alto  in the emergency department act find all b…
looking forward to today s meeting with  potus trump at white house on efforts against ms-13 
rt  goffrugbyreport   florugby to live stream the  usarugby college 7s championships  here s a look at the finalized pools 
if you are planning a visit to d c  for spring break please allow my office to schedule a tour of the  uscapitol fo…
2️⃣ hearings this week tuesday   the opioid epidemic  implications for the federal employees  compensation act  …
i asked the principal deputy administrator of centers for medicare and medicaid  demetrios kouzoukas  if medicare i…
key  il14  topic--thanks for meeting 
rt  nfib  our optimism index reached its 16th consecutive month in the top 5% of 45 years of survey readings – and it was the 1st time in 3…
rt  housegop  this week we re voting to help millions of americans off the sidelines and into the 6 6 million jobs that are open …
rt  cnbc  more  at&t is giving  1 000 bonuses to 200 000 u s  employees and will increase u s  capital spending by  1 billion because the t…
i rise today in recognition of an important milestone in indiana history – the bicentennial of spencer county  indi…
house passed  ndaa  to give troops  including those at n a s lemoore the raise they deserve & the resources they need …
thank you to  childrensatl for the tour of your new children s healthcare outpatient care center in kennesaw  and …
rt  texasgopvote  poe  keating introduce legislation to reaffirm us-eu trade relationship | texasgopvote via  judge…
happy easter  he is risen
rt  aarpadvocates  productive meeting with  repwalorski and  aarpindiana  thank you for allowing our advocates to come in and discuss the i…
not only is she the most qualified  ms  haspel will be the first woman in this powerful position  the president con…
rt  heatherwsbt  u s  representative for michigan  fred upton  is at niles high school tonight  a community forum is being held to discuss…
q&a with  drewpetrimoulx discussing how the g o p tax plan is going to put money back into the pockets of  tn03  famili…
getting ready to join  bloombergtv w/  kevcirilli in just a few moments  we re talking about  financialcmte & the economy 
i am thrilled to see so many american businesses giving their tax breaks back to their employees  and now one of th…
since i read the memo in january  i ve supported its release  it s important for the public to understand what occur…
good continues with tax cutsand jobs act with measurement technologies laboratories telling me they will relocate pro…
vladimir putin does not deserve congratulations for his sham reelection  he made the outcome inevitable by silencin…
rt  thehill  pence  abortion in the u s  will end  in our time 
exactly  dem leaders complaints that this came out of nowhere are misleading 
walt handelsman  deep south ice removal via  theadvocatebr
excited to officially introduce h r 5613  the quindaro townsite national historic landmark act  in the house of rep…
1/ i supported the short-term govt funding bill that passed the house thursday  which delays harmful obamacare tax…
budget bill benefits conservation by enhancing operations and maintenance in our national parks  funding wildfire p…
every day  we hear the exciting news that the economy is getting stronger  with jobless claims falling to their low…
we need to pass the blue line act to send a message to america that it s not ok to hurt a police officer  national police week
rt  househomeland  icymi  chairman  repmccaul released the may terror threat snapshot  read the full report ↓
  doctoreid23 thanks for your question  ask buddy
rt  danielschwartz  ready to go for  abaesq day  award goes to and hearing from  mactxpress  grateful for his time and greetings 
while no longer here  my mother is always with me  happy mother s…
rt  housegop  we are live to celebrate the end of our 32-year-old tax code and all that is to come with the tax cutsand jobs act →
most californians want to see our federal  state and local law enforcement partners working together to keep our co…
la corrupta y asesina dictadura de ortega en nicaragua no cambiará  seguirá matando a jóvenes inocentes  el senad…
 leadership wants to move tax reform forward  but i think we need the right kind of tax reform   lance said 
137 economists agree → passing the tax cuts & jobs act will be a real game changer for this country  how  because t…
happening now  joining  lizclaman on  foxbusiness to talk budget & what comes next in congress   
icymi →  housescience chair  lamarsmithtx21 on open data and protecting privacy
the house today voted to move the united states toward a tax system that delivers jobs and economic growth 
this morning   ustreasury mnuchin will address the  financialcmte as chairman of the financial stability oversight…
rt  repbyrne  this year s national defense authorization act boosts alabama s military installations and ensures that our service members h…
rt  repjoewilson  happening now  tune in 
a momentous day for the  statedept  congrats to my friend  secpompeo 
rt  lsjnews  u s  rep  mike bishop speaks about lansing flood
amazing to see my friend  repbradwenstrup awarded the soldier s medal by the army for his heroic actions last year…
icymi  utah s four house members voted last night to support a long-term extension for  chip   a critical state-run…
rt  westerncaucus  great to be joined by  interior  secretaryzinke at today s member meeting  as always  we had a lively discussion on impo…
144 on board  1 tragic death  explosion  decompression  safe landing   southwestair hero tammie jo shults  fly navy
it was a privilege to be on campus at  marionmilitary today  i was so impressed by the outstanding students i met &…
thank god for the brave men & women in the  cmpd who confront unknown challenges & threats every day  having ridden…
rt  usaricenews  iraq announces purchase of 90k mt of us long grain  an mou makes this a transparent process & bilateral industry education…
in wa in 2016  there were 161 alcohol-impaired driving fatalities & 23 209 dui arrests  during alcohol responsibili…
rt  foxbusiness    repdavid   there s not going to be a government shutdown  
rt  drnealdunnfl2  honored to be a cosponsor of this important legislation that will help ensure our veterans receive the care they have ea…
americans are counting on congress to reduce & reform their tax burden to spur our economy  read the  housegop plan…
another great article covering our grilling of mark zuckerberg over the illegal sale of opioid pills on facebook 
full cmte convenes first of two markups on legislation aimed at combating the opioid crisis along with consideratio…
rt  whyohio  what happens in ohio impacts the world  which is why many companies from across the u s  and the globe choose to make ohio ho…
wishing a full and speedy recovery to  flotus melania trump 
congressman griffith s weekly e-newsletter 12 1 17 topics  do democrats want a shutdown   the real pocahontas
rt  westerncaucus  thanks to  secretaryzinke and the efforts of  repdonyoung  the people of king cove are finally getting a life-saving roa…
rt  springfieldnl  threepeat  strafford wins third-straight state title
starting the day at south haven high school speaking to their u s  history honors class   mi06 
  drphilroe statement on  potus announcement regarding the va secretary 
earlier this week  captain walter handy of woodstock celebrated his 100th birthday  🎂 cpt  handy is the  godfather …
absolutely shocked about the kate steinle verdict  justice was not served for kate  keeping her family in my prayer…
1- rodney is an incredible legislator and a close friend who i will miss very much  it has been an honor to serve…
with a newly redesigned tax code  it is time to redesign  refocus  and revamp the irs so it works for you …
this week  the house passed a resolution under the congressional review act to cut red-tape when it comes to auto l…
check out the u s  botanic garden s live stream of the titan arum as it s about to bloom   uscapitol stinkyplant
 the numbers represent a leap from january s 239 000 new jobs  lending credence to republican claims that last year…
rt  foxandfriends    jim_jordan  we know the fix was in for the clinton investigation
john norman was a friend to many in  swfl   a veteran of the korean war  john was a permanent figure in our communit…
excited to be at  syracuseairport for this morning s announcement that  flyfrontier will begin nonstop service out…
today is military spouse appreciation day  thank you to the men & women who support those who fight for & protect o…
excited to attend the state of the union tonight at 9 00pm  watch live   sotu 
the news from florida today is horrific  my heart is with everyone involved in this tragedy  we are all grateful fo…
fyi- members of my team are at zumbrota city hall in the conference room until 12 15 to help with any casework issu…
icymi - read my recent e-news regarding  houseappropsgop approval of all fy18 funding bills 
speaker ryan has given great service to our nation & now with his decision to retire  he is demonstrating the chara…
visited with a lot of fun and interesting people at  kansasspeedway  including a group of vietnam war veterans and…
rt  txnatsecreview  we hear a lot of talk about the need for a bigger us navy  but little seems to change   repgallagher puts some meat on…
rt  stevescalise  i was so glad to see my teammates back on the field practicing for this year s congressional baseball game 
thoughts & prayers are w/ the people of san bernardino during this shooting  thank you to our law enforcement  please be safe   ca08   sbcsd 
please everyone stay safe and as warm as possible this morning and afternoon as this storm moves across our state …
release  house approves innovators to entrepreneurs act
if you missed the meeting in fallbrook on the lilac fire this weekend  please know my office is here to help in eve…
19 regional lawmakers urge no changes to reagan national airport perimeter rule  va10 
this week  i put together care packages w/  the_uso for members of the armed forces assisting in hurricane relief 
rt  fox24charleston  rep  mark sanford surprised the student at school on monday  he will now head to washington d c  for an awards ceremon…
rt  pandersonc12  professional airline pilots from illinois 14th congressional district thank  rephultgren for his leadership to help pas…
human trafficking is modern day slavery  and we must put an end to it  the good news is we passed two bills this we…
watch my questions from yesterday s  housecommerce sub health hearing on patient safety and improving  deahq s enfo…
members of congress should be held accountable  expecting taxpayers to pay hush money to hide their misdeeds is out…
on holocaust remembrance day  we remember the six million jews and the millions of other innocent people who were mu…
icymi  i had a great interview earlier this afternoon with fox news   harrisfaulkner  we talked about  nafta  and…
rt  firsthealth  today  and everyday  we celebrate our doctors for all they do for our patients and the communities we serve  thankadoctor…
happy mothers day to all of the moms in our lives who are the foundation of our families  i m especially grateful f…
made in indiana  to us  those three words are important  they invoke pride because they put our little slice of hom…
 thelittlefella guess u la folks just don t think the way we do in oc
visited plant vogtle last week  units 3 & 4 will be 1st new nuclear units built in the u s  in the last 3 decades 
that s why i m leading the charge  housecommerce to combat this crisis  delivering solutions to help stem the tide …
i ll be joining  wowopatmiller in just a few minutes  listen live on  wowofortwayne ➡️
rt  reporterjoe  hasc readiness chair  repjoewilson refers to  repdonbacon   as  mister general bacon   rep  bacon is a retired united sta…
tomorrow is tax day   but the good news is this time next year you will be able to file under the tax cuts and jobs…
american citizens and legal immigrants are at the front of the line  let s not destroy the foundations of our leg…
the deeply flawed iran deal as negotiated by president obama at most delayed  but never eliminated the possibility…
joining  tuckercarlson to discuss the 384 pages of new text messages between top fbi officials  tune in to  foxnews at 8pm 
congratulations to 10th grader jessie from clayton  my 2017 congressional art competition winner …
i spoke with seniors at century village in west palm beach today about our work to protect medicare and strengthen…
rt  houseagnews  claim   1b investment is not enough  2018 farm bill triples the investment per recipients  maintaining the status quo does…
sleeping bear dunes joins the find your park education campaign  natlparkservice
thornberry votes for veterans affairs reform bills
great to be back at  ursinuscollege to meet w professor wallace s advanced critical thinking in environmental studi…
kicking off week of the young child reading to  olatheschools  natlheadstart students at black bob elementary …
  herrerabeutler is right  indian tribes deserve the same economic opportunities as non-tribal citizens  her bill…
congratulations to upper iowa beef for 5 months into your small business start-up  brought back memories of my fath…
thank you to my colleague   usreplong  for supporting  fosta   for more information about how this new law is taking…
rt  cspanwj  icymi   repdavid  r-az  talked about the future of healthcare & how republicans should proceed on  aca  &  ahca 
i always enjoy my conversation with dan rivers - thanks for having me   570wkbn
rt  speakerryan  great news → jobless claims are at the lowest level since 1973  ↴
rt  wsbt  arike did it again  notre dame wins the ncaa national championship on a buzzer beater  final score is 61-58  post-game reaction f…
 nscsafety  potus the opioid crisis truly is the crisis next door  it knows no bounds and wreaks havoc on every amer…
rt  speakerryan  good news → the house just voted 368 to 55 to reform the va so that our veterans can get the care they need and deserve  …
we ve done our homework  we ve closed on the issue in preparation for a vote tonight  i m a no on the  ahca 
congratulations  mandy  on being named national teacher of the year  it was great to meet you when you were out in…
today america lost one of its foremost examples of faith  leadership  & strong character  let us carry on billy gr…
joining members of the education & workforce committee on the house floor tonight for a special orders on…
i am deeply horrified by what happened this morning  steve is a good friend of mine  praying for him and everyone affected 
more benefits from taxreform as we see  entergyark commit to lowering the utility rates for hardworking arkansans 
great to be back in  ok  today talking issues that matter with  newson6 and  ktulnews 
rt  seemacms  i had a productive conversation with members of the doctors caucus  we discussed how  cmsgov is reducing regulatory burden an…
wishing you a happy and healthy new year 
hope to see you on nov  27 at the athens-limestone public library for a town hall & legislative update  looking for…
redeeming an island paradise  puerto rico is now more than  70 billion in debt  the question now is what to do 
idaho s congressional delegation announces dates for students to learn about the nation s military academies 
as we celebrate womens history month  one of ohio s own makes history - congratulations   repmarcykaptur 
the legislature needs to work with the school system to help rectify this problem  parents need to take charge and…
that s why i m excited to hear of the proposed move to colorado and i think it would bring great things to our regi…
it was an honor to meet with the dedicated staff & volunteers of  loavesfishesstl  they do amazing work providing f…
the constitution tasks congress with the  power of the purse  and one of its most basic responsibilities is to prod…
thank you for stopping by during your trip to washington  always good to meet with you 
we have an opportunity to finally gain operational control of our border and provide a permanent legislative fix fo…
rt  houseforeign  chairman  repedroyce met w/ ambassador grigor hovhannissian of armenia to discuss the importance of u s -armenia relation…
today  join me at my open office hours in bedford from 2-4 pm 
best of luck to the pickerington north marching panthers as they head across the pond today to perform in london s…
 this platform will give traders & transportation & logistics providers real-time  end-to-end visibility of & permi…
congratulations to  copearland native  army veteran & 3 time paralympian   asouleusa  on taking home the bronze me…
congrats  repwalterjones   looks like  kevinyoder recognizes a good bill when he sees one  sassywithmassie…
rt  housegop    conawaytx11  the path to prosperity is paved with hard work and a good job  period  and  that s what we want to try to get…
rt  housegop    peterroskam   1 000 is real money   1 000 is getting ahead on a car payment   1 000 is the ability to move forward and say…
congratulations to crestview s 8th grade class for their participation in  sifmafoundation stock market game  happy…
passed  great to see bipartisan support of our national laboratories like  fermilab and  argonne  learn more about…
congressman holding honors david howle  via  youtube
rt  houseappropsgop  this morning at 9 30 am  secretaryross testifies before  congculberson & the commerce/justice/science subcommittee on…
rt  freebeacon  iran caught shipping soldiers to syria on commercial flights in violation of nuclear deal via  kred…
  potus signed into law this year a bipartisan bill i led in the house that designates safesport to develop  imple…
today s announcement by  potus sends a clear message that we will not be held hostage by the nuclear ambitions of a…
congrats to g a09 s  ung_news--again --on being a national leader in college value 
it s coloncancer awareness month -- thanks to cancersurvivor kayann schoeneman for sharing her battle with colon…
rt  lansingchamber  u s   repmikebishop  tax cuts and jobs act is working  america s optimism is rising and our workforce is taking notice…
our metalworking and manufacturing industries keep our economy growing and hoosier workers thriving  great to see l…
for anyone interested in meeting representatives from one of america s service academies to learn more about the op…
rt  robertharding  my next facebook live interview   repjohnkatko joins me at 10 a m  tuesday  jan  16  watch live on  the_citizen s facebo…
military academy day was again greatly encouraging  as hundreds of young georgians interested in serving our nation…
loved participating in the days of  47 parade today--happy pioneer day 
rt  repbrianhiggins  proud to join  vrcaucus co-chairs  judgetedpoe and  repjimcosta in presenting  eriecountyny family court judge lisa bl…
house passes first interior approps since 2012  my provisions to save coal country included 
 mattyglesias s caricature of gop position seems completely unaware of what  rephensarling and  financialcmte have…
after these 9 hours the w&m committee approved the amendment in the nature of substitute re  remuneration from the certain insurers by 23-16
rt  financialcmte  video   reptrey   repmialove   reptipton   repfrenchhill and  repseanduffy have worked to get bills that help smallbiz…
rt  governorsoffice  ⚠️ just in via  governortomwolf  state agencies are standing by to monitor potential impacts from a complex noreaster…
rt  edworkforce  in bipartisan vote  senate passes  repguthrie s resolution to block misguided teacher prep rule & rein in obama admin s ed…
i ll be on the  kevinmillershow at 7 30 am mt to talk about the possible government shutdown  today s  natresources…
rt  foxnews    stevescalise   it starts with god  
rt  sccommerce    reptomrice   infrastructure equals opportunity  the charleston port has revolutionized the lowcountry  and the same can h…
this is absolutely fantastic news for the american taxpayers  no agency has been more out of touch with key stake…
i will not be accepting a dime while this dysfunction in washington goes on and will continue working with lawmaker…
the low tax  low regulatory environment in texas should serve as a model for the nation  fortunately for businesses…
did we mention it s time to build a new soo lock  build the lock infrastructure
americans on snap deserve opportunities  41% of americans living in poverty view their circumstances as temporary …
rt  repstevechabot  great event this morning with  wacochamber &  bcschamber talking about taxcuts  small business  and deregulation  than…
icymi  on friday  i met w/ dairy farmers for a roundtable discussion in watertown to hear concerns and discuss solu…
gathered this week with leadership of the u  s  forest service s tahoe basin management unit  tahoe district fire c…
icymi- i will never stop fighting to protect seniors by strengthening and preserving medicare 
 kakistocracy42  yoimsean we fought a war against slavery  with out that factor if majority in any state wants out  let them go
it s so strange to watch democrats argue that middle class families can t do much with  1 000 bucks and then argue…
all of the pieces for the 2018 congressional art competition have been submitted  make sure to cast your vote for t…
remember when obama zinged romney on russia  russia not a geopolitical foe  how is that hol…
thanks to  wdtnews for covering this important constituent casework story  stefanik helps  carthagehosp recover  6…
  repwebster  this bill recognizes the sacrifices american fishermen have made to rebuild and sustain our shark po…
we are thankful for the many who are called to serve solely for the safety of others law enforcement appreciation day
american agriculture – look around  it s everywhere  national ag day
i m eager to expose the way washington really works in this new documentary series  take a look at the trailer and…
icymi-fy18 fin serv bill invests in women small business centers  support for high intensity drug trafficking areas 
rt  gopoversight    tgowdysc  it is imperative our nation maintain a strong  coordinated effort across the federal government to combat dru…
honored to receive the  ocauditor taxpayer watchdog award  i will continue my work in congress to fight for lower t…
rt  kyhumanities  we have great news  thanks to a grant from the  nehgov prime time family reading time is coming to kentucky schools  find…
it was great to meet the winner of this year s  congressionalac from  nm02  jenna mcclellan & present her w/ a certi…
thank you to the 660th ordnance company in pocatello  pictures are from the a3 farewell ceremony this weekend  god…
substandard care practices within the va are dangerous to veterans and must be addressed quickly  the enhancing vet…
i had a productive meeting today with ambassador meshal bin hamad al-thani of the state of qatar  thank you for you…
happening now   repandybarr chairs our monetary policy and trade subcommittee hearing evaluating the committee on f…
i sat down with the  dcdailynews to talk about my meeting with  potus on term limits  listen here 
scenes from this morning s economic development subcommittee hearing on the impact of last year s wildfires 
happy to support the able act which will help people w/ disabilities establish savings accounts for their expenses 
rt  repdougcollins    housejudiciary will markup music modernization act this wed  we re bringing music licensing into the 21st century &…
happy thanksgiving from pam  myself  and the rest of the dent family  wishing all of  pa15  a safe & happy holiday 
rt  foxbusiness    darrellissa   we re not asking for a tax credit  we re just asking not to be taxed twice  
what a blessing to speak pastors and leaders at capitol connection today about my journey to congress   awakeamerica
thanks ben winter from  transferflow for the great tour  american made 
b9 is bingo for a cancer patient  i am thankful for marilyn every day  mk is b9-4-2yrs 
glad to be back home in  ga10  last friday  where i toured imi industrial services in watkinsville  took part in an…
congrats to bruce weber and the  kstatembb team on making it to the sweet 16 for the 17th time in school history wi…
rt  repbyrne  the house armed services committee   hascrepublicans  is underway with our markup of the national defense authorization act  …
rt  replukemesser  on this day in 1791  the billof rights was ratified  making the first ten amendments to the u s  constitution law 
happy birthday  girl scouts  congratulations on building girls of courage  confidence  and character- who have been…
rt  _mealsonwheels  elected officials  local celebrities & other prominent figures recently participated in community champions week as par…
worked hard alongside  realdonaldtrump to negotiate historic tax cuts  and now we re seeing our legislation at work…
the taxreform legislation will provide real relief for a vast majority of my constituents and i m grateful the pre…
i m a strong supporter of the resident physician shortage reduction act because rural areas like those in parts of…
rt  housegop  next year  typical families of four earning  73 000 a year will get a tax cut of  2 059  this is real and meaningful savings…
 potus honors the families of  placersheriff deputy mike davis and  sacsheriff deputy danny oliver  joint address
this week the house passed legislation introduced by  repgosar to direct the western area power administration  …
crop insurance and disaster recovery funding   these will be at the heart and soul of the farm bill2018 discussion …
we are forever grateful for the service and sacrifice of major barney 
my thoughts & prayers are with the family & fellow officers of officer rogelio santander from  dallaspd  ofc santan…
i am about to give a washington update on  kwtx news 10 this morning  tune in to or watch online
out of fairness  out of respect  and out of loyalty for those who put on the united states uniform and defend this…
bipartisan legislation that i intro d to combat human trafficking was signed into law --&gt 
another busy week ahead in the house  to find out what bills the house will consider today  click here 
rt  deptofdefense  gold star spouses day is a time to remember the loved ones of our fallen  we thank you for your continued service to the m…
thanks to the tax cuts and jobs act and our pro-growth policies  the american economy is booming with a record 6 6 mil…
rt  housejudiciary  coming up at 10am   tgowdysc and crime subcommittee examining challenges facing law enforcement  police week 👇
thank you to the international foodservice distributors association for making me a recipient of 2018 thomas jeffer…
rt  cyndyh84   repbilljohnson thanks for the inspirational words for the renaissance board  bvlocalschools  we re proud to be southern ohio…
after meeting with constituents throughout houghton  ontonagon  and calumet  i had the privilege of speaking at the…
media advisory  ill be speaking at the secure rural schools press conference at the house triangle  approx 1 20pm 
 slidemagic  realdonaldtrump agree  but if he would let folks know he s willing to veto an omnibus  he might never…
house passes legislation to help america s small businesses compete  tcot 
today is the 8th anniversary of the worst environmental disaster in us history — the deepwater horizon oil spill  t…
while i was in south county today  i also stopped by my old house on fantasy lane and took a picture with the tree…
honored to have spent memorial day weekend remembering those who made the ultimate sacrifice to keep us safe & free…
today  especially  we honor our veterans for their service  with courage & bravery  they protect & defend  thank you  happy veterans day 
i want to thank the san diego county board of supervisors who voted to join the federal lawsuit against the sanctua…
amanda englert  a junior at  pikehighschool  is this year s first runner-up in the congressional art competition fo…
joining millions of americans of all faiths today to pray for blessing  wisdom and direction  national dayof prayer
i was grateful for the opportunity to meet with students from orangeburg prep yesterday before their capitol tour …
i applaud the trump administration for working to address china s unfair trade practices  but i urge the administra…
say it w me former cia director  h   a   m   a   s  kids as human shields   500 payments if successfully shot  guns…
rep  comstock statement on anti-dulles airport amendment being withdrawn in faa reauthorization bill…
cost overruns and schedule delays associated with  dhsgov consolidated headquarters project have gone on long enoug…
rt  graydcnews  patients being operated on in tents- that s the reality for veterans living in puerto rico- six months after hurricanes hit…
the average family of 4 will see  2 059 more because of the tax cutsand jobs act 
so honored to visit with mrs  myrlie evers at the mississippi civil rights museum   she is one of my heroes 
the bipartisan support for the f i r s t s t e p act in  housejudiciary today reflects the resolve we have to help individu…
wearing crazy socks for world down syndrome day  let s recognize the positive ways those with down syndrome have to…
congrats to director mike pompeo for taking over the role as sec  of state  having served with mike in the house  i…
my first read of the day   james comey s memos leak  inflame special counsel commotion  
presidents should fight for americans   realdonaldtrump  potus continues to do just that  let s bring     back home…
so pleased to see  consumersenergy is passing along 100% of the tax cut benefit to its customers  that is  200 mill…
early this morning  corporal eugene cole was shot and killed  my thoughts and prayers are with his family  his coll…
rt  robhenneke   mactxpress legislation &  tppf lawsuit both aim to stop  blmnational land grab   foxnews  cristinacorbin reports 
rt  housegop  the tax cutsand jobs act is pro-family  through and through  thanks to the ✅ doubled child tax credit ✅ preserved child & depen…
rt  bn9  students in hillsborough will now return to school on monday  sept  18 when all schools have power 
more great news for  il16    fema announced 2 new flood grants for ottawa & marseilles  with these funds & our col…
met with several hoosier business leaders who are on capitol hill today to discuss issues important to the boating…
keep me posted on when this is happening  ewerickson  i d love to be there
saddened by the fatal crash of the air national guard s 156th airlift wing plane in savannah today  our armed force…
it s rare to see bipartisan opportunities coming out of dc these days  but  opportunity zones  is one we should tak…
rt  hascrepublicans  chairman  mactxpress - it is at best a stalemate in afg - under obama  troop caps have hindered the completion of the…
🚨p a15 proud alert 🚨  the bradbury-sullivan lgbt community center was named pa s 2017 rural health center of the yea…
rt  mercatus  according to a new cbo report  the u s  deficit will reach  1 trillion by next year 
rt  caltranshq  approaching amber lights  you know the drill  always move over when you see caltrans or emergency vehicles ahead 
i m pleased japan has opened its market to america s competitive corn-based ethanol  soon they ll know the value of…
it was a great privilege to welcome oklahoma veterans visiting our nation s capital with the honor flights program 
i was at  fmcsdknights in tabor yesterday  here is one of the pics we took together   ia03 
more than 2 200 people died of drug overdoses in nj in  16 — a 40% increase from  15 & driven largely by opioids he…
as i said before - there was nothing in this bill that senate democrats philosophically disagree with and today s v…
  energylawprof  the growing  nepa  delays are simply unreasonable  in the countries that the u s  generally views a…
 harrishealthpr  milfamclinic thank you for the kind words 
well  i didn t get to drive a locomotive yesterday but i had a super visit to rcp&e yesterday  i…
house cr funds health insurance for over 9 million american children  but the dems have blocked it because there s…
  mrsb1stgraders thanks for your question  ask buddy
tax reform already working for the citizens of arizona
so great to meet with  ajitpaifcc to discuss how we can work together to close the digital divide  for far too long…
rt  repjimbanks  happy small business week  small businesses are the engine of job creation and this week we celebrate the 29 million small…
rt  iuoe825  on workers memorial day  we remember those who have lost their lives in the workplace  stay safe and be mindful of your cowork…
john responded by saying   as a retiree - the rate cuts and the standard deduction increase means i will take more…
rt  txsthistassoc 
looking forward to hearing from  secretarysonny this morning at ag committee s look at the state of the rural econo…
rt  shopfloornam  breaking  florida manufacturer raised wages 7%  awarded generous bonuses to 152 employees  due to tax reform law 
rt  joplinglobe  patty vavra  former  mosolions track coach  and the programs she led for 22 years have been inducted into the missouri spo…
rt  robwittman  because of these tough choices and a commitment to be good stewards of the taxpayers  dollar  we were able to accelerate ma…
if north korea disarms   potus deserves the nobel peace prize   realdonaldtrump s peace through strength strategy i…
during this mental health awareness month  we must help & support those impacted by mental illness and addiction in o…
just wrapped up a 14 hour hearing on  fy19ndaa   my statement below 
another motivational story from  fiu commencement events this week  congratulations to the gigi and katharine who h…
thanks to  mcmahonryancac for hosting our bipartisan  househomeland tps r tble w/  repbonnie  verahouseinc…
 fosta    walters amendment legislation  which passed the house last week  would help end sex trafficking in the u s…
thank you to all who work tirelessly to educate and empower our young people 
welcome home 114th fighter wing  we are so proud of you and are eternally grateful for your…
this is great news for  al05   airbus supplier  hexcelcorp is expanding their operation in decatur  adding another 9…
my new resolution has a message for mueller and his witchhunt  show evidence of trump-russia collusion or end the i…
rt  jackfowler  right on  cfpb    nro supports  potus action  from the editorial   president trump is well-positioned for a short-term victo…
rt  dloesch  up next  rep   jim_jordan joins me to discuss speakership  mccabe  and more  dana radio
today  i toured cr&r environmental services  utilization of an advanced organics processing technology known as ana…
american taxpayers are saying 👋 to the old  complicated  and horrible tax code and welcoming a simpler tax code tha…
thanks to taxreform american workers have already received over  3 billion in bonuses  click here for a list of th…
hearing our central valley veterans  stories over the past few months inspired me to share my own as part of the…
rt  desjarlaistn04  gop snap reforms will help close skills gap btwn available jobs and americans eager to enter workforce  tn showing the…
rt  housegop  rt to agree → 4 million workers getting bonuses is hardly armageddon 
 it s time for congress to act & make puerto rico – as the people sought to do so – a state  the 51st state …
rt  natresources  from coast-to-coast  families will start seeing lower utility bills as a result of the tax cuts and jobs act
rt  breineckes  great day at the wando terminal with customers deere/deere hitachi and marubeni  view from one of our new 155  cranes with…
i m honored to announce the 2018 military academy nomination process for the 4th congressional district of pa  i m…
must read via  newtgingrich & mary mayhew former commissioner of maine dept of hhs  foxnewsopinion  hope for those…
a true hero  blake gaskill  this is exactly how we should keep our schools safe  the same way politicians are prote…
rt  reprichhudson  i was humbled to join my colleagues in presenting a flag that flew over the  uscapitol yesterday to the graham family  w…
we must condemn violence against protesters and journalists in nicaragua  censorship and brutality must end 
joined  foxfriendsfirst this morning to discuss why we need to secure our southern border and build…
rt  leecountyida  thanks to  repmgriffith  billcarrico  delterrykilgore for meeting with us in pennington gap today 
congratulations to all the students who received the kiwanis youth excellence award today  keep up the good work …
this family came to thank me for my vote to reauthorize funding for congenital heart disease research at the  cdcgov…
thank you to our guest speaker today colonel mark mitchell who was one of the first members of our military to go i…
rt  ap  san diego county supervisors vote to support trump administration lawsuit against california s so-called sanctuary law 
rt  emilyrissman  great turn out for  congressmandan veterans assistance fair in cheboygan   miveteran
gave an update on my work in congress to the owensboro  shrm yesterday  thanks for having me 
i represent families that know all too well the impact violence has on communities  as we gather here today  we do…
rt  foxnews  tomorrow on  foxnewssunday  chris wallace speaks exclusively to  tgowdysc - tune in at 2p & 10p et on fox news channel 
a group of us are proposing critical upgrades to our nation s surface transportation infrastructure through updates…
rt  houseforeign    repedroyce condemns russian obstructionism at u n 
justice for survivors of online sex trafficking →  potus signed  fosta  into law  proud to have cosponsored this leg…
barbara bush was an unrelenting force for decency  community  and patriotism  as first lady and throughout her life…
federal  state  local  medical  recovery  and the academic communities came together to share information on how we…
rt  wsma_update  panel of experts from dea  dept  of agriculture   wadepthealth & moses lake pd will talk about efforts to combat the opioi…
while i feel strongly that a permanent solution here would be a far better choice for the lifeblood of kansas commu…
rt  manhattanda  in case after case  we successfully prosecute traffickers  but we can t touch the websites that profited from the ads  fos…
just a reminder  please follow  secretaryzinke for updates on my work with  interior - i will no longer post updates to this account  mtpol
here a construction worker waves to onlookers atop the chesapeake bay bridge-tunnel -- via  baltimoresun 1964 
small businesses are the lifeblood of our economy  thank you to the many small business development centers through…
this afternoon i had the opportunity to see the continued progress being made  plantvogtle  the continued construct…
the tax cut continues to pay dividends for americans  regions is increasing its minimum wage to  15 per hour  not…
today the house will vote on the bipartisan 21st century irs act  introduced by myself and  repdelbene  to refocus…
rt  ijindexjournal  check out our photos from last night s baseball game  dixie at ware shoals  where rep  jeff duncan  a ware shoals alum …
rt  hssotterbein  smgt 3800  org & mgmt  students listening to rep   pattiberi at the ross leadership hour this morning at the point hssot…
i have always argued shutting down government is never a good option  failing to pass a bill that keeps government…
rt  repkevinbrady  the tax cuts and jobs act → ✅lowers tax rates ✅increases the standard deduction ✅repeals the death tax ✅eliminates speci…
chairman bishop  i want to be very clear  i am in favor of puerto rico statehood 
today  the house took firm action to protect school children by passing h r  4909  the student  teachers and office…
sad to hear the news of barbara bush passing away  throughout her entire life and as first lady  she carried hersel…
rt  redstickready  ebrp is under a severe thunderstorm warning until 9 00 am and a tornado warning until 8 45 am  …
now  the city has finally come to their senses  lake houston s water levels have been lowered from 42 5 to 40 feet …
 fedex corporation is announcing three major programs today following the recently enacted u s  tax cuts and jobs a…
so glad you re back  you have been in my thoughts & prayers  you are loved and you were missed  scalise strong
thornberry  house continue regulatory reform effort
there s been a lot of misinformation spread about the omnibus that the president recently signed into law  & i want…
rt  talk1073  congress has hit the ground running to start the new year   repgarretgraves joined  ambr  for the d c current segment presente…
rt  indianaocra  thank you to  beckshybrids for hosting  fcc commissioner brendan carr   susanwbrooks   therealtebarnes and  indianaocra to…
rt  cathymcmorris  bonuses  increased pay  401k matches  expanded parental leave    the good news about taxreform keeps rolling in  see th…
rt  farmcredit  a farmer s work producing food  fuel & fiber is critical – it s also risky  anything from weather to fickle markets could s…
watch the  hasc  strategic forces hearing live 
rt  fresno_state  thanks to  repdavidvaladao for coming to  fresno_state to listen to d r e a mers  stories to take back to washington as he f…
these two leaders have made an immense contribution to the health and wellness of our nation  thank you again to…
thank you v o aon the hill for hosting such an important discussion on our nation s opioid epidemic 
today the  housevetaffairs have opened their committee to all 435 members to speak out on veterans issues  i have…
a big step forward  the senate must continue to show progress on repeal and replace of obamacare 
yesterday i met w/our friends w/the st  john s river water management district  we had an informative & productive…
   to care for him who shall have borne the battle and for his widow and his orphan  to do all which may achieve an…
on may 3  the  syrdompolski and the  plavhq recognized constitution day in poland  which celebrates the declaration…
drug distributor ceos being sworn in at  housecommerce hearing to explain their role in the deadly opioidcrisis  t…
rt  americanlegion  thanks to  drphilroe   senatorisakson   repmarktakano   senatortester & all the members of both committees who attende…
rt  liscmaurice  great meeting today with  rephalrogers and jerry rickett  ceo of  kyhighlands to talk rural community safety & k y basketba…
our economy is roaring back to life thanks tax reform & regulatory reform  ✅record 3 9% unemployment rate ✅lowest…
take a few minutes to read my op-ed via  dallasnews  the battle over the  cfpb  is not about right & left  it is abo…
good  the court struck down fmr director cordray s overreach in naming a successor  so much for c f p b s rich tradit…
rt  housegop  the tax cutsand jobs act is giving people from all walks of life a more optimistic view of their futures  whether you re a smal…
a gorgeous day in lanett  checking out streetscape with mayor mccoy …
rt  kipeideberg    repbobgibbs taking questions about infrastructure investment and workforce development from employees at  minnichmfg1 in…
tour season in washington d c  is in full swing  my office can help arrange tours to some of d c  s most popular at…
  iubloomington  these initiatives are having an impact  iu had 20 000 students receive iu degrees in  14-15 &  15-16 which is a new record 
rt  craigcaplan  last  ndaa  markup for several hasc members who retiring from congress at end of this year or running for senate/governor …
we ve got to do more to close this gap  this means bringing together education institutions and businesses to creat…
thank you to the  usda & assistant sec anne hazlett for hosting today s roundtable discussion on rural development…
i attended the dinner for the annual coyote hunt organized by the federation of sportsmen s clubs of sullivan count…
reverend billy graham preached the good news with his simple  yet powerful message that the grace of god  not our h…
the boys & girls club of noblesville feeds 100kids dinner every monday & thursday night  they do such great work to…
it was a pleasure to see  potus on capitol hill today  i always enjoy the traditional freinds of ireland luncheon a…
rt  afp   breaking  un security council unanimously adopts north korea sanctions
last october  missouri s 184 d e a take back locations collected 37 577 lbs  of old or unused prescriptions  visit my…
a new family credit in taxreform includes expanding the child tax credit from  1 000 to  1 600  supports families 
rt  aguscipolicy  earth science week and world space week are recognized in a house resolution introduced by  repjaredpolis &  repryancostell…
attention all  sc07  high school students  my office is officially accepting submissions for the 2018 congressional…
it was interesting to see over the past several days so many of the democrats that went out of their way to discred…
rt  repstevechabot  proud of the hard work  housesmallbiz and all of our committee members are doing everyday  did you know that we passed…
rt  careerxchange  celebrating congresswoman  roslehtinen as she is honored with the  sflhcc golden eagle award  congratulations  c x cinthe…
rt  waysandmeansgop  chairman brady on tax reform phase two at  squawkcnbc s special tax day edition   you know what this really is - phase…
my condolences to the students and teachers at collegeville elementary school on the unexpected passing of principa…
 outsidershouse 11 years old  5th grade   re-read it many  many times over the years   never gets old   
icymi  incredible story of 7 year-old kylie who has raised over  2 000 for cancer research  read more about  kylie …
rt  jenniferemert   patrickmchenry meets with lowe s employees in rutherford co  they talked about how they re benefiting from tax reform…
  ghschamber s annual fly-in kicked off today  it was a pleasure to address my hometown chamber  update them on my…
 peaceincsyr works hard to empower our children  and help them succeed in our community  in congress  i am committe…
more proof that the healthcare status quo isn t working –  antheminc just announced its leaving 6 counties in  cd2  
rt  housecommerce  it s 10 30pm  we ve entered hour 12 and we are no less committed to the repealand replace of obamacare – this is a res…
wishing president engstrom fair winds and following seas  mtpol
today  i had to make a tough choice  but ultimately the funding bill included a lot of wins for  ga12… 
recently i cosponsored a resolution to recognize this week as small business week  america s small businesses make u…
no one should ever be forced to participate in the killing of an unborn child  i urge  speakerryan and  gopleader t…
rt  billingsgazette   the most beautiful drive in america  opens may 27
would you like to intern in my morristown or washington offices  contact me for more information 
rt  waysandmeansgop  watch → we ve been traveling districts and getting a glimpse into how tax reform will help americans across the nation…
hope you can join us for millennials task force hearing on college completion  flexibility  affordability  info 
more from my interview with  kalbtv5  i ll never support repealing the  2a   as some - including the head of the lou…
drones will be used in future applications and industries we cannot fathom right now  earlier this year i wrote in…
heard so many great things about the hazleton area high school chorus  performance of the national anthem at…
 it s time for people to come to the middle  on  daca  -  darrellissa
happening at 10am et →  rephensarling chairs our hearing w/  cfpbdirector mulvaney  who will testify on the bureau …
icymi   argyleisd police chief paul cairney recently spoke to  msnbc about school safety measures to help keep argy…
sleighbell weekend is a great event in manistee that brings visitors from across the country to northern michigan 
perpetrators of sex trafficking have used bad actor websites like backpage to expand their reach  pleased to see le…
to watch the full video of my questions for facebook ceo mark zuckerberg today  visit 
honored to join  noh8campaign photo shoot against  lgbtq  intolerance  all americans should be treated equally …
rt  foxandfriends  rip alfie evans
productive mtg & tour of culver s landscaping in marion  amazing family grown operation employing 150 iowans  discu…
attending tonight s du bois area chamber mixer at dubois harley davidson to receive the  abate  motorcycle rights…
today  the u s  opened our embassy in jerusalem – fulfilling a bipartisan commitment to recognize jerusalem as the…
on floor to congratulate schrack farm of loganton pennsylvania named 2018 innovative dairy farmer of the year …
 stem  and  cte   helping our students develop skills to succeed in today and tomorrow s job market  my latest in…
 this newly hip victorian city—just three hours from new york city—is still one of the u s  s best kept secrets   l…
rt  jim_jordan  17  why won t the fbi give congress the documents it s requesting 
rt  speakerryan  today  the  uscapitol flags are lowered to half-staff in honor of our country s law enforcement who have given their lives…
if we continue to reverse the trends of sequestration  we can get our military back to where we can serve our men a…
rt  acscanin  thank you  reptrey for signing on as a co-sponsor to the removing barriers to colorectal cancer screening act  thank you for…
rt  riskrewardfbn    reptomreed on  realdonaldtrump signing the spending bill   he was in a difficult position  shutting down the governmen…
federal agencies shouldn t be able to snoop on our emails  pleased 2 support the email privacy act  rt if you agree they should get a warrant
speaking on your house floor in support of appropriations for critical nuclear energy research & development 
today we also honor the brave men & women in our military & our first responders who fight for our freedom & safety every day  never forget
another successful morning helping constituents resolve problems with va claims  listening to concerns  addressing…
 forestresources note for clarification-- tonight s event was in brewer  not bangor  apologies for the error in the previous tweet
great discussions were had at this morning s grub with garret  thanks to all of those that attended 
  michaelcondria_ thanks for your question  ask buddy
it was a pleasure to welcome back home to peoria my friend &colleague  congressmanraja for a bipartisan forum at…
rt  housejudiciary  🎥 new   repgoodlatte   repmccaul   raul_labrador  and  repmcsally  househomeland release video on securing america s fu…
it s been a busy year  we had major accomplishments like tax cuts & given our military the biggest pay raise in 8 y…
chairman  usreprodney praises  congculberson and the commerce  justice  science subcommittee for their work on the…
my statement on the comey testimony 
we re fine  but our train hit a garbage truck  members with medical training are assisting the drivers of the truck 
we must unite around a shared vision to make taxation fairer and simpler for both businesses and individuals 
house republicans voted to fund  chip  for 6 more years  but children relying on this health care program apparently…
i m hosting two information workshops for  ok2  veterans on apr 30 & may 3 so veterans and their families can easil…
 vickimckie  justinrakey the tele-town hall was actually targeted directly to constituents  if we had any reason to…
  ainsleyearhardt &  foxandfriends dacas have all  by definition  lived in the country they would be sent back to …
chairman  repcharliedent  this bill provides comprehensive support for service members  military families  and vete…
live now with  johnfeehery on thefeeherytheory podcast  talking u s aact and more  tune in 
the suncoast needs to get ready for hurricane irma  our safety depends on being prepared  sayfie
the cannon free library has been a cornerstone of the delhi community for one hundred years  yesterday  the library…
more than one million americans will receive a bonus as a result of tax reform legislation  read the growing list o…
today  we celebrate the opening of the us embassy in jerusalem - israel s eternal  ancestral capital since the day…
your house voted in overwhelming bipartisan support of ndaa fy18  read my full statement here →…
rt  houseagnews  strong food security = strong national security  a nation that feeds itself is more secure than a nation that doesn t 201…
enjoyed speaking with the residents of  monarchlanding1 today  thank you for the great questions 
holly cow  freedom caucus is linking amnesty bill to farm bill  do i have to start an anti-amnesty caucus   realdonaldtrump  repmarkmeadows
icymi  chairman  repmccaul released the may terror threat snapshot  read the full report ↓
great to see my friend and president of  ivytechcc sue ellspermann today  thanks for your work to help more hoosier…
got the chance to meet up with the safety patrol team from acreage pines elementary school in loxahatchee during th…
yesterday we met with the executive director of  loudounhunger jennifer montgomery and board president carol barbe…
the immediate family members as well as entire law enforcement community are in our thoughts and prayers police week l e task force
thank you parker co today mag for selecting me one of thier top 10 most interesting parker co people to meet before…
please keep in your prayers all of those impacted by the fires burning across our district right now and those who…
happening now → hearing led by  repmcsally to review the administration s  33 billion proposal to strengthen americ…
rt  iaffnewsdesk  thank you  reppeteking for protecting critical programs like the 9/11 healthcare program and safer grants for firefighte…
rt  coastnewsgroup  u s  house approves  81 billon for disaster relief including lilac fire  darrellissa
some highlights on taxreform  ✅ 90% of wage earners are getting higher take-home pay ✅ business confidence is at a…
rt  rocketlab  it was a privilege to host representative  repedroyce  chairman of the house foreign affairs committee  at our huntington be…
i ran for congress to  cut  cut  cut spending   this morning s budget vote was politics as usual — spending more mo…
the  nrecanews came by today to discuss how to improve rural missourians  supply of electricity  thank you for visi…
rt  virginianpilot  barbara johns day honors student whose walkout contributed to landmark desegregation case
rt  cnbc  just in  wells fargo hikes its hourly pay rate to  15 & will aim for  400m in philanthropic donations next year due to the newly-…
congressman griffith greeted a delegation from india in his office today and received a book presented by its autho…
today s 76th anniversary of pearl harbor should remind us of the high price of unpreparedness  peace through stren…
2/2 this is rep  lewis  staff-- due to the impact of the train collision and as per standard concussion protocol  r…
this historic moment cannot be understated  and while more work must be done to ensure full denuclearization  i m h…
please join suzanne and i in prayer for the victims of this horrific act of violence in las vegas 
rt  repkevinbrady  day 47   81 billion in critical disaster aid being held hostage by democrats in the senate 
another article underscoring the need for a solution like my bipartisan bill to address the overpopulation of sea l…
last week  during the economic roundtable at arizona western college  i discussed my work on the la paz county land…
rt  waysandmeansgop  we are committed to delivering taxreform to hard-working americans this year  ✅more jobs ✅bigger paychecks ✅fairer ta…
  mrsb1stgraders thanks for your question  ask buddy
had a great time meeting jim and mary of salem and their granddaughter maya at…
fact  requiring the epa to base its decisions on the best available science will better inform the american people…
glad to hear president  emmanuelmacron say that iran should never have a nuclear weapon 
israel is right to defend against these iranian attacks  iran has built up offensive forces in syria and the u s  w…
i m glad my staff was able to attend the ceremony to award mr  steven vaughan the  tomballchamber s 2017 citizen of…
as a body  congress will not get off this treadmill of cr s until a bipartisan  bicameral budget agreement is reach…
rt  speakerryan  in just the last 24 hours  four major us companies have announced increased wages  employee benefits  and investments in t…
may lead to the net loss of american jobs  higher prices for consumers  and invite trade retaliation from abroad  i…
sign up here to receive news and updates about my work in washington —
loved meeting precious paige from the south carolina school for the deaf and blind art project yesterday 
wow   repbrianmast is a patriot and would make an excellent choice for this crucial position  i would miss seeing y…
i enjoyed speaking to the shelby county city clerks association at their luncheon today in chelsea   al06 
the oct  2017 take back day was a success - 912 305 lbs  of rx drugs were collected  thanks to all who participated…
great work to all of the  universityofky students dancing this weekend at  ukdanceblue to raise over  1 8 million f…
great turnout at our first congressional estuary caucus briefing today
thanks to ucb biosciences for a great visit and discussion 
bonuses  new jobs  and wage increases are good news for our families  tax reform and removing big-government regula…
honored to receive the berthold award from the  uscg  i am committed to fighting for the brave men and women of our…
in the thin blue line family  no one fights alone  a great story about the strength of our law enforcement families …
on this day  we remember the 11 million people  including six million jews  who were murdered during the holocaust …
 all that i am  or hope to be  i owe to my angel mother   - abraham lincoln happy mother s day 
busy week ahead in the house  take a look at what we will be voting on here 
the full committee markup originally scheduled for wednesday at 10 a m  has been postponed to thursday at 9 a m  du…
it s always great to talk about this country s vast amount of natural resources  it was truly enjoyable to speak at…
rt  israel  israel70 independence day coincides this year with the 75th anniverssary of the warsaw ghetto uprising  began on this day 19 4 …
 breaking    housejudiciary &  gopoversight have reached an agreement with doj to access the documents we ve been re…
the opioid epidemic affects all races  ages  and economic statuses  only by working together can we combat it
rt  adamputnam    secretarysonny perdue   marcorubio and  tomrooney join me for a tour of irma s impact on florida agriculture 
thank you  ifda for recently giving me the thomas jefferson award for my support of policies that enable the u s  f…
 repkenbuck is managing the rule on h r  2581- verify first act & s 1094 - department of va accountability and whistleblower protection act 
coming up on  afterthebell to talk about  realdonaldtrump s tax reform and those bonuses and pay raises that americ…
just ran into greatamerican  billcunninghams at  cvgairport  
rt  fredregchamber  we re live  our meeting on the transportation crisis has begun  robwittman  timkaine  davebratva7th
rt  justinamash  prayers for those who were killed or injured in new york city and for their families and friends 
rt  houseforeign  chairman  repedroyce s remarks for hearing on u s  cyber diplomacy
pleased to see progress in this case and hopeful the perpetrators are brought to justice 
passed the house→  repkhandel s bill  the smarter act  to simplify & make federal trade commission and department o…
huge thanks to  specolympicsco for stopping by my office today to talk about the importance of the  specialolympics…
rt  secretarysonny  at  grimmwayfarms  meeting with california producers with  repdavidvaladao  all concerned about regulations  taxes & 20…
rt  kencalvert  this week the house will vote on h r  23 to provide more ca water solutions  proud to cosponsor this bill 
 otd  in 1865  president lincoln signed a joint resolution proposing the 13th amendment to abolish slavery  we honor…
i realize none of this makes for gripping headlines about out of control inquiries  heated exchanges  subplots to u…
this morning  i voted with president trump to support our brave troops and keep america safe  fund our troops
thank you  senator  we wouldn t be here without your support and partnership 
joining  varneyco on  foxbusiness in a few minutes to talk about balancing the budget- tune in   ia01 
in case you missed me on  foxnews this afternoon  russia poses a global threat  and we need to be prepared 
paid a visit to the comitis center in aurora -- whom i am working with closely to pass  hr4099  to help homeless ve…
our local cops  like officer zimmerman from the  wausaupd do so much for our communities  be sure to thank a cop to…
joined  k101online to discuss the wildfires that have devastated northwest oklahoma  listen here →…
discussing ways the epa can better serve the american people with  epascottpruitt this morning 
rt  housescience    potus  infrastructure plan calls for simplified and quicker environmental reviews  too often  important projects stall…
today s the day  it s the official deadline for your company to adopt the new federal withholding tables  that mean…
gov spent  187m in taxes on fannie&freddie  i voted 2 grant u access 2 their records under freedom of information--…
this morning we gathered in denton square to honor our veterans here in north texas and around the country  our nat…
moving tribute at sussex county s 17th annual salute to military veterans 
what best illustrates the solyndra fiasco 
  senatedems have finally come to their senses & ended schumer shutdown  but let s be clear  for 3 days  they held…
rt  foxbusiness    lowes to pay us staff  1 000 bonus following tax reform
rt  shopfloornam  day 5 of m f g tour2018 takes  jaytimmonsnam and the rest of the team to new york city to take our message of modern manufa…
rt  shopfloornam  happy small business week  this year  thanks to smart pro-growth policies  small manufacturers have plenty to celebrate …
big day for intellectual property as we dive deeper on what it means to america s small businesses  we ll here from…
reauthorizing these programs ensures wildlife refuge visitors can enjoy ✅fishing…
congratulations to the talented connor honeyman from demores elementary in medora  last week connor s doodle was s…
 dissenting views are important and i know that sound policy decisions contain input from both sides of the aisle  …
i m joining the entire buckeye community in praying for former  ohiostatefb coach earle bruce 
honored to be in attendance at this morning s inauguration of  syracuse1848 mayor ben walsh  i look forward to work…
because of the tax cutsand jobs act  small businesses can now invest more in their employees  buy new equipment and c…
rt  repgoodlatte  thank you to the many agents from  fbi &  atfhq as well as state and local law enforcement for their good work and extens…
discussing the supplemental nutrition assistance program  snap  & the 2018 farm bill at the  centralpafb roundtable…
while it s painful to think of all the brave men and woman that we lost that day  i m grateful for the heroic gener…
today special agents crystal griner & david bailey received the john j  duffy memorial award from the national coun…
34% fewer providers in obamacare network compared to commercial plans  source  avalere  a c abythenumbers
happy national agriculture day to all of our amazing  tx22  farmers and ranchers  thank you for helping to feed amer…
net farm income has fallen 52% since 2013  one of the steepest declines since the great depression  the…
for my fellow youth sports coaches  great video on participation trophies 
great article highlighting one of my summer interns  way to go abdi   suutbirds
it s teacher appreciation day  i celebrate all the incredible teachers in  la05   good teachers go above and beyond…
this evening i spoke on the house floor and called on senate democrats to end the schumer shutdown  they are puttin…
last night s vets info workshop in claremore was a success  it was great to see so many veterans all in one place t…
rt  cheathwftv  bill gives private insurers & state regulators flexibility in what private policies meet the requirement for homes in flood…
  vp is absolutely right  tax cuts are working for wisconsin 
rt  secretaryacosta  america s job market is strong  a report this morning from  usdol shows the lowest 4-week average of jobless claims si…
rt  rudermanfdn  now welcoming  jimlangevin and  greggharper to the stage  join us live  https //t co/v2izatlvwp inclusion2017
rt  bgov    macthornberry on innovation in the department of defense b g o v in site
on thursday  the water resources and environment subcommittee will hold a hearing on water resources projects and p…
good luck to daniel  lucas  alix  jesse  and isaac from lincoln east high school  who are competing in the national…
we d like to wish our 32-year-old tax code a happy retirement today  thanks to the tax cutsand jobs act  you ll neve…
the great lakes are a critical part of life and the economy up here in mi and we need to continue to preserve them for future generations 
rt  hascrepublicans  chairman  mactxpress s opposition to tying defense spending to non-defense spending during  fy18ndaa  debate last night…
at the end of each year  i publish a report detailing key services and accomplishments for the 26th district  as we…
i cosponsored the voices act to impose tougher punishments for crimes committed after illegal reentry  it s time to…
great meeting today at the  aurorachamberco 
good cup of coffee from java john s in decorah  another  ia01  classy small business stop during small business week 
icymi  here s my full interview on  foxbusiness  varneyco this morning  video 
as co-chair of the house biofuels caucus  i commend  potus for standing w/ american farmers & energy producers to a…
eastern north carolina  pack your umbrellas and do not drive your cars through heavily flooded areas 
more great news thanks to tax reform 
below is just a snapshot of how my office and i have served the 14th district in 2017  if you ever need help with a…
students  submissions to the congressional art challenge are due one week from today  get the details here 
the growing federal footprint how much land the federal gov owns may surprise you  map 
today  we remember the atrocities of the holocaust  we recommit ourselves to standing with the jewish people and to…
nancy pelosi  chuck schumer  and the democrats have proven once again that they care more about illegal aliens than…
more money can t fix failed leadership or a broken culture at the irs  better guidelines  codified roles  and more…
this morning i joined a forum hosted by  jiminhofe on geopolitics in southeastern europe and the role of us and…
students from  pikeschools sent in 3 submissions for the congressional art competition  i love how these photograph…
to the folks in glascock & jefferson counties  thanks for hosting me for the unveiling of two foundations of americ…
rt  uscapitol  the 2017 capitol christmas tree sparkles and delights 
rt  reptrentkelly  major general robert labrutta and brigadier general trent edwards visited our dc office today   ms01 
the world is becoming more dangerous and new threats are on the rise  now is not the time to close military bases  no b r a c  fy18ndaa 
did you know you can sign up for periodic email updates through our website  if you d like information about the la…
today   housescience approved my bipartisan  nasa authorization act  the bill s passage out of committee is an impo…
happy 110th birthday to the  usarmyreserve  please join me in thanking the men & women in the army reserve for thei…
small businesses help make our communities thrive  and just as important  our small businesses are one of our econo…
i m chairing a  hasc  tacairland hearing now on combat aviation budget requests   watch  live 
thanks to tax reform  one illinois-based company you may have heard of is mcdoubling the amount of workers eligible…
true patriot w/ deep commitment to country   speakerryan has done exceptional job  while my colleagues & i know the…
american businesses are using their tax savings to reinvest in their workers  tax reform has allowed dave s truckin…
rt  waysandmeansgop  watch live  chairman  repkevinbrady will be on  foxnews  outnumberedot at 1 05pm/et with  harrisfaulkner to talk tax r…
keep those questions with ask markwayne coming  i m looking forward to hearing from you 
this weekend i had the honor to meet with many military service men and women who protect us abroad and keep us saf…
great read from  potus in  usatoday on tax day  i couldn t agree more   america s economy is back and roaring and i…
during the battle of gettysburg  she hired a horse and wagon and went out to collect food and supplies from york  a…
another day  another example of tax reform making a difference for american workers   tcja  tax cutsand jobs act
icymi   gopleader & i penned an op-ed for  houstonchron highlighting the need to  - modernize regulations governin…
rt  okfarmbureau    repmullin says he understands agriculture s concerns on tariffs  but the us has been on the wrong end of trade deals …
this is a great move  military spouses serve too  their grace  strength  and courage in the midst of uncertainty is…
chairman  repgoodlatte joined a bipartisan  bicameral group of lawmakers to urge judicial restraint as  scotus  cons…
alachua county residents - please see below for an update from your alachua county emergency management office 
tax reform has resulted in nearly  30 billion in increased income for millions of americans  middle-class families…
yesterday  i spoke directly to  secretaryzinke about the dept  of interior s draft proposed plan  i have been  and…
some facts  1  these rescissions have no impact on any beneficiary of chip  according to the non-partisan cbo …
thank you  missionbbq for your steadfast support of our men and women in uniform 
it is an absolute honor to receive the digital patriots award from  ctatech this evening  technology is changing th…
love hearing all the stories of our first lady barbara bush  as we lay her to rest  there is so much to celebrate a…
rt  realdonaldtrump  it was an honor to welcome bipartisan members of congress for a discussion on safe schools and safe communities  as we…
 teddydabear1962  kylekashuv  ingrahamangle i have a few from there as well 
rt  washtimes  rep  kevin brady says he wants to keep improving tax bill every year
looking forward to joining  mitchelltalks tomorrow on kokc at 7 35am  hope you can tune in 
congratulations to the hadley 8th grade boys volleyball team on their perfect season in conference with no losses …
american families and companies should no longer be stifled by a tax code that is outdated and overcomplicated 
looking forward to our north houston police memorial ceremony on monday  i invite you to join me as we recognize ou…
tonight i am glad to be joined by denton county sheriff tracy murphree for president trump s first  sotu  
did you know that in 2017  texas corn growers produced more than 314 million bushels of corn  that s over 17 6 bill…
rt  realdonaldtrump   consumer confidence in february highest since november 2000 
rt  rvvoyles  after some minutes of crowd work   rodneydavis talks about the challenge of pleasing everyone  said he learned at  millikinu…
 china is effectively leveraging international openness  particularly that of the u s  market  academic community &…
i invite you to listen to my conversation with  cobymach on iran   klinradio
very sad news out of las vegas this morning  praying for all the victims 
rt  frcdc  no one should be forced to violate their conscience  tell your congress member to include the conscience protection act in the f…
leadership 
rt  mypooka   therealablakeh  repgusbilirakis  chisouthflorida and thank you for your continued support and leadership   repgusbilirakis 
one of my favorite  otd…  march 2  1836 - texas declared our independence  182 years young and still hard at work us…
rt  housesmallbiz  did you know that nearly 10% of all 🇺🇸businesses are veteran-owned  thank you for your service 
that s why the  repgoodlatte- repmccaul bill  the securing america s future act  strengthens our southern border by…
great to meet with tribal college presidents and students from north dakota to discuss education legislation before…
rt  cardiology  thank you  mikecrapo   stabenow   amyklobuchar   replynnjenkins and  repjohnlewis for championing access to cv rehab  inclu…
many thanks to the brookville high school students who came all the way from  visitlynchbrgva to visit with us in w…
meeting notice  at 4 45 pm the committee will meet on h r  3823 — disaster tax relief and airport and airway extension act
rt  heritage  we can solve america s welfare crisis by being bold on welfare reform  watch this conversation with  kaycolesjames and  spe…
rt  follow_lander  lander university hosted  repjeffduncan for today s energy forum  where he discussed national and state energy policy an…
 colinwilhelm  joepwilliams31  politicopro  repmarkwalker
loveand honor
doug pederson s story is an inspiring one  culminating in an incredible victory in super bowl lii  he exemplifies t…
my prayers are with the  northlakenow community  thank you to the  irvingpd & campus police for their swift response to this tragedy 
on tuesday  the house will vote to let survivors of sex trafficking know they are no longer alone  and justice will…
 brandonhathaw12  speakerryan noooooooo 
my full statement on the americans returning home today after being held hostage by north korea and why i fully sup…
more good news about how small businesses are benefiting from the tax cutsand jobs act
an honor to have  airbusintheus chairman allan mcartor as my guest for this morning s joint session of congress wit…
it s february which means it s time to check your check  tax reform will result in 90% of americans seeing more mone…
another outrageous action by a corrupt admin  irs to target citizens who aren t buying obamacare insurance  forbes
all issues are women s issues— discussing how conservative solutions are empowering women & girls w/  repannwagner…
thanks  gochamber for stopping by my dc office this morning 
 farmbill  fact check  cbo estimates that 1 million  people would leave the snap rolls over 10 years because they…
yesterday  the house passed h res  285  calling on local law enforcement & citizens to create and strengthen commun…
with the cuban president no longer named castro  the time seems to be right for us to begin serious discussions wit…
great to meet the kendall s from auburn during their tour of the us capitol  they are in town…
proud to work with  graceanapolitano and the mental health caucus to stop suicide  we must all work together to sha…
i always enjoy seeing iowans doing great things 
  potus is right  it s time to put our country first by investing in our great nation  i will keep fighting alongsi…
to the people of  pa15  thankyou  from the bottom of my heart  serving as your representative has been the honor &…
every day  scammers find new ways to attempt to steal your hard-earned savings  learn about the most common scams…
barbara bush led a remarkable life devoted to her family and her country  even in her final days  she demonstrated…
rt  sharedhope  shared hope is deeply appreciative of the legislators who championed  fosta   sesta  protections for survivors & that the uni…
thank you to all our nation s police officers who sacrifice so much to keep our families safe 
for those interested in receiving my weekly review email  you can sign up here 
rt  foxbusiness    replouiegohmert on  speakerryan s decision not to run for re-election   from a personal stand point  i am sorry to see h…
rt  cathymcmorris  watch  housegop live as chairman of  houseagnews  conawaytx11 joins us to set the record straight on how the farm bill w…
moldova has been at the forefront of countering russian influence operations & can offer keen insights as we addres…
teamed up w/  repdebdingell 2 implore sos tillerson 2 take diplomatic&legal action to combat canada nuclear facility
this does not faithfully implement the president s policy to enact the tenets of the jerusalem embassy act  passpor…
the release of the f i s a memo is a victory for government transparency and the values that make our country great …
how long can trump administration survive bannon using race as political issue and undermining  potus and cabinet on n korea 
proud to see miami on  expedia s  cities that feel like international destinations  list  visit the magic city and…
today the house passed the regulatory integrity act to increase transparency and facilitate greater public input on agency regulations
2/2 i wrote a letter to wa insurance commissioner asking him to take immediate action to remedy the health care cri…
americans will never forget the heroism  bravery  and patriotism shown on september11th when war was declared on our very way of life 
pres  clinton promised to move the us embassy in israel to jerusalem  it never happened  pres  bush promised the…
spoke with  wlns about our work on  housecommerce to combat the opioid crisis  two of my bipartisan bills were unan…
rt  elisabethwaldon  michigan s 4th district  repmoolenaar visited eightcap today near greenville  where he learned about the many services…
productive meeting this morning with  vanihcs leaders on how we can make important reforms at the va to help hoosie…
another fantastic visit on saturday with our s t e m scholars to a local employer  this time at unicarriers in marengo…
happy teacher appreciation week  teachers throughout the nation play a key role in the education and development of…
rt  realtalk995  joining the  mattmurphyshow &  aunielindenberg show now is  usrepgarypalmer
today  we stop to reflect as 50 years have passed since dr  martin luther king jr  was assassinated  dr  king s mes…
to commemorate the grand opening of the new  carrolltontxpd hq  a flag was flown over the  uscapitol  glad to prese…
i m pleased to see the niagara county legislature adopted a resolution urging ny to devote all funding collected th…
richwood residents - update on entering your homes  today 2 pm - 5pm 
wishing a happy 110th birthday to the  usarmyreserve  thank you to all those who serve and have served in the army…
rt  speakerryan  so members of the public can pay their respects  the late rev  billy graham will lie in honor in the u s  capitol rotunda…
rt  accesslexinst  thank you  repbonamici &  repryancostello for sponsoring our bipartisan event on the role of consumer info in student lo…
passed the house  biggest pay raise for american troops in eight years  they put it all on the line in defense of…
rt  brazoriacounty  harvey
rt  poststar  town hall forum goes overtime with congresswoman
tomorrow is national drug take back day  be sure to check your home medicine cabinets and take any old prescription…
rt  gnyha  the us faces an estimated shortage of 100 000 doctors in the next decade  we urge congress to address the docshortage by suppor…
it s hurricane preparedness week  the weather is unpredicatble in north florida  now is the time to prepare for fut…
at 10am  house armed services will hold a hearing with  centcom commander general joseph l  votel on defense challe…
rt  insourcejobsusa  thanks  repholding for meeting with us today  nc ranks 7th in the nation in the number of insourcing mfg jobs 
well said   presssec  i couldn t agree more 
proud to partner with legendary uga coach vince dooley  campaign 1776  &  civilwartrust yesterday to celebrate the…
thx  fwd_us  we need to protect dreamers and find a permanent legislative fix 
this morning  i presented greensburg s william deiwert with the presidential unit citation for extraordinary herois…
always good to hear directly from constituents about how what we do in washington affects their businesses in the…
doral s  biscaynebaybrew owner jose maella tells  potus that his small craft beer brewery was able to purchase  100…
rt  housescience    housescience chair  lamarsmithtx21 and environment subcommittee chair  repandybiggsaz on sensible priorities for taxpay…
i read the classified documents compiled by the house intelligence committee  i believe these documents should be released to the public 
to all my friends who are celebrating  happy passover  
it was a large crowd this afternoon in wauwatosa  wi05  townhall
perhaps the best interview of the former president and 1st lady since they left the white house  it made me smile &…
breaking  house passes the tax cuts and jobs act taxreform
although today is world down syndrome day  we celebrate the accomplishments and abilities of those with down syndrome…
did you know - since dodd frank became law  we ve lost on avg  1 community financial institution per day  we re deb…
as a longtime advocate to stop waste and reduce the size of government  i m pleased that h r  5444 includes my prop…
thanks to all who joined in today s roundtable with myself   repbeatty &  pattiberi  good discussion on defense iss…
my family and i urge all americans to join us in praying for former first lady barbara bush  of the many privileges…
crashing  reptomemmer s office to chat with  danoxochsner on  knsi - listen live here  
with  secretarycarson and  govmattbevin at the hope center in lexington  this organization is saving lives from add…
grateful to have had chief thompson from spartanburg testifying before the  housejudiciary crime subcommittee yeste…
rt  billingsgazette    repryanzinke  i never have  and never will  sell your public lands
this is a step in the right direction  but ultimately we need to make healthcare prices easily available to all pat…
citizens right to know addresses these concerns by mandating that any state or local pre-trial release program that…
new story  27east on my bill that  realdonaldtrump just signed into law to help disabled vets access adult day heal…
 whoever listens to a witness becomes a witness   - elie wiesel  va10 
i m pleased to join my colleague  congressmanraja in introducing the bipartisan ending maternal mortality act  you…
the  whitehouse hosted conversations w/ women of america today  inviting women from across the us to share their ex…
chairman  rephensarling reacts to court ruling on  cfpb  structure ↓
last week  i met with this group from aipac to discuss the relationship between the united states and israel 
rt  housebudgetgop  small biz owners are confident because employment  income  and economic output are all on the rise thanks to taxreform…
today  housegop passed hurricane recovery aid  i urge my colleagues in the senate to deliver this bill to  potus s…
rt  repstefanik  honor to be selected my chairman  mactxpress and my  hascrepublicans colleagues to serve as the emerging threats & capabil…
i ve served with 9 presidents – 45 budget proposals – and none really went anywhere  i expect the same with this on…
i am a strong supporter of america s public lands  & will not support any effort that wipes 2 million acres of prot…
we are proud to have ryan nelson come from our community  his experience and noteworthy work ethic will be a great…
tonight  i will lead the  ca    ny   and  nj  house delegations to highlight the benefits of tax reform in our distric…
today our hearts are heavy with the news of reverend billy graham s passing  but we know he is finally home  his me…
kim hak-song  tony kim  and kim dong-chul are on their way home to be reunited with their families  great work by…
more good news for employees in  ca45    steris   with several locations throughout southern california  including o…
praying for the swift & full recovery of the  pastatepolice corporal wounded & thankful 4 the men & women of the psp
each november 11  americans honor the men and women who have served in the armed forces  we owe our everlasting gra…
resounding support for  realdonaldtrump as he walked in the house chamber tonight   sotu 
wishing everyone a happy and safe holiday season 
rt  reparrington  our veterans deserve the best services their country can provide and this bill is another step towards doing just that  h…
tomorrow my staff will be in jasper to answer you questions and assist you at my mobile office stop …
the military construction  va appropriations bill has favorably advanced by the milcon/va subcommittee on…
the memo is released to the public in full  and rightfully so because the american people deserve honesty and trans…
we ve seen the biggest tax cuts and reforms in history after congress and  realdonaldtrump worked together to enact…
always enjoy playing in the congressional hockey challenge  but it s never been more meaningful than last night whe…
the house is about to vote on  fosta   earlier today i spoke about the importance of this historic bill …
rt  speakerryan  glad the senate is moving forward on the house bill to pause the syrian refugee resettlement program  this is a matter of …
rt  justinamash  according to members of  pclob_gov  independent oversight board   the gov t has used  fisa702  to collect & store americans…
his legacy will be one of hope & opportunity that many will aspire to replicate for generations to come  our though…
i echo president trump s gratitude to israel for uncovering key intelligence that helped in the decision to pull ou…
today  legislation that i introduced  the portfolio lending and mortgage access act  passed the full house  this le…
hosting a healthcare and immigration town hall w/  sendeanheller in reno on mon  apr 17th   9 am  more info here 
it s never too early to teach them about agriculture  happy 5th birthday to my grandson  who wanted to play with f…
commerce is critical to the strong relationship between the u s  and canada  i was happy to participate in a roundt…
rt  lakeemergency  sandbag distribution will be available 24/7 at fire station 10  located at 23023 state road 40  the national   
congressman griffith s weekly e-newsletter topic  prescription drug prices - progress or pr 
when we stop penalizing our businesses with excessive taxes and overreaching regulations  everyone wins   tcja=tax…
disgraceful news that herman bell  convicted killer of hero cops joseph piagentini & waverly jones  is being parole…
today i had the opportunity to congratulate this year s congressional art competition winners  all 139 pieces submi…
want to learn more about how tax reform is helping you  text  tax reform  to 50589
tune in to  foxnews now  talking about paul ryan stepping down   fbi  and more 
 nisiathornton1  theleegreenwood  randpaul  bradwenstrup  helpingahero 🤦🏻‍♂️ please tell me you re not an english teacher 
check out the  monroenews for a recap of our panel discussion on tackling the opioid crisis in our communities 
great to join for this event this week and celebrate the great work being done here in eastern washington 
iran is a belligerent actor in global politics seeking to destabilize the region for their own power 
great visit this morning to  bentonville_hs 
this is a great example of local  state and federal leaders working together to support rural economics  which are…
i m excited to announce that i ve been named the chairman of the  housescience subcommittee on the environment  tcot
rt  nfib  reports of improved earnings reached highest levels in the 45-year history of  nfib s optimism index  read more here 
saturday s blue moon is the last one until 2020  don t miss it   via  spacedotcom
icymi  check out my interview with  larslarsonshow discussing the long list of james comey s misconduct 
my statement on  realdonaldtrump s pending announcement on moving the embassy to jerusalem  the short version  we …
today   johnboozman and i welcome  secafofficial to northwest arkansas- stay tuned for more updates   ar3 
i sent a letter yesterday requesting a waiver to jones act restrictions  pleased the president acted swiftly 
fort carson has worked to prevent and protect our lands from fires  especially in the light of the most recent fire…
number of days since the house of representatives sent the senate all twelve appropriations bills funding the gover…
rt  cal_fire  peak fire [update] at indian peak rd and usona rd  9 miles southeast of mariposa  mariposa county  is now 350 acres 
rt  ctatech   technology is about making people happier  at the end of the day what you work on and what you do is about making people happ…
today is world asthma day  create your own asthma action plan using  cdcgov s tools here 
 the assumptions that we make about how human society will adapt to climate change are central to our understanding…
rt  foxnewspoll  did you see this 
45 years ago today  nj state trooper werner foerster was killed in a shootout by joanne chesimard  who remains at-l…
enjoyed sitting down with folks from u s  and lansing chambers of commerce today to discuss the benefits tax reform…
t x22 s pranav chemudupaty  8th grade   nolanryanjh  2018 houston spelling bee champion  good luck in dc   alvinisd
rt  nikkihaley  thank you to lieutenant general hr mcmaster for your service and loyalty to our country  your selfless courage and leadersh…
millennials are focused not on their career goals  but on the firm s purpose    terrimcclements  pwc_llp g o p future
  repdianeblack   over the last several months  lawmakers in both chambers have laid the groundwork for historic…
rt  mariabartiromo  rep  thornberry on why trump may decertify iran deal  mactxpress  sundayfutures  foxnews
the rsc steering committee adopted the following resolution supporting  potus rescissions package 
harsh but true words from my dad about america s broken tax code  why we need taxreform 
the congressional art competition is a favorite among our students and one of the highlights of the year  i applaud…
as i did with the decisions to end tps for haitian  nicaraguan  and salvadoran nationals who reside in the united s…
h r  601  the read act  hurricane supplemental  debt limit  continuing appropriations  and flood insurance package 
the  humanesociety yesterday awarded me as a legislator of the year  i have long supported proper funding and stron…
it was great to spend time with my family over thanksgiving  here are the roe granddaughters oldest to youngest  i …
another great series of constituent meetings this week in york to discuss tax reform  net neutrality  climate chang…
 this is a really complicated issue that takes an entire community to approach   hudson said wednesday in salisbury…
rt  cpowers2009  thank you  rodneydavis for your passion and leadership  colorectalcancer closethe medicare loophole  acscan  fightcrc
it is good government for the epa to use data that the american person can see for themselves 
a new year brings a fresh start for people all over the country  this year  the same is true for the american econo…
rt  repmimiwalters  the california high-speed rail project has gone far off the tracks  according to a new report  the bullet train is now…
tax reform is making positive impacts throughout the 5th district  & country  tax cuts and jobs act works for the aver…
throwback to 2012
joining  msnbc s  stevekornacki live around 4 45 pm et  1 45 pm pt  to discuss the  ahca   be sure to tune in 
the tax cutsand jobs act helps americans that give back to their communities by continuing the tax deduction for char…
rt  senatorlankford   every adult who can hear me now was once 20 weeks old in the womb  that s a human being we re talking about  
intellectual property plays a key role in our american competitiveness  growth  and innovation  thank you…
rt  usda  today we honor our farmers  ranchers and foresters  and celebrate the abundance provided by agriculture  happy ag day
rt  healthylakes  thanks for signing on to support  glri  at  300m in fy19   repjimrenacci  we re making progress restoring the great lakes …
allegheny county s own martha graham was an innovator and cultural icon who received numerous awards  including the…
rt  housegop  talk about a happy meal… tax cutsand jobs act 
proud to be an honorary co-chair for this event recognizing these exceptional americans
proud to have led the charge with  repsandylevin in a letter to house appropriations subcommittee on interior  envi…
over the next the few days  i will be evaluating the tax reform conference report and how these proposed measures w…
i am working on red flag legislation in congress to keep guns out of the hands of those that are a threat to themse…
thank you to penny blake from the  enaorg for stopping by to talk about efforts to support the 180 000 emergency nu…
today  usmc celebrates its 242nd anniversary  one of my greatest privileges was to stand beside those dedicated to…
hardworking arkansans and americans are receiving over  3 billion in bonuses thanks to the tax cutsand jobs act  see…
as i said last year  a short red snapper season is ridiculous  and not consistent with the health and sustainabilit…
because of tax reform  companies like starbucks  walmart  dollar tree  lowe s  cvs  and many more businesses have…
thank you yates county emergency management and  cubafiredept for inviting our office to attend your annual dinners…
rt  househomeland  to ensure the continued success of  dhsgov s cyber mission  we must pass h r  3359 to strengthen the security of federal…
a welcome surprise from constituents  st michael  who stopped by to say hello  hope you all enjoy the rest of your…
i had a very insightful meeting with  texas_trees to discuss their southwestern medical district redevelopment plan…
our nation faces serious challenges that require strong diplomatic engagement and i look forward to working with se…
grateful to bob forrester and the folks from the newman s own foundation for coming by to discuss the philanthropic…
rt  sarahdwire  republicans filed a discharge petition today to force a house vote on  dreamers  despite leaders  objections
this legislation  which i was proud to cosponsor  allows residents with a state-issued concealed carry license or p…
the dedication of the u s  embassy in jerusalem today – on the 70th anniversary of israel s independence – reaffirm…
rt  waysandmeansgop  pro-growth tax reform would create 1 7m new full-time jobs and increase incomes for middle-class families by an averag…
it was a privilege meeting with hrh prince faisal bin al-hussein of jordan on the importance of the relationship be…
thank you  taxreformer for your official endorsement of the crumbs act  let us keep championing legislation for the…
just had a restaurant entrepreneur round table in springfield missouri and now some of those same folks came to d…
proud to join republicans and democrats who are committed to protecting dreamers while securing our borders  u s aact
honored to present the congressional award to students from the 42nd congressional district today in my office  the…
 chelliepingree hardworking maine families have made their living for generations by clamming & worming in the inte…
anyone marching under a confederate or nazi flag deserves the scorn of liberty-loving americans 
i ll be hosting a veterans town hall meeting on fri  aug 12 from 930 am pt - 1130 am pt in sparks  more info here 
screening of  iamjanedoefilm yesterday showed how websites like backpage facilitated child sex trafficking & hid be…
reminder  art students  today is the last day to notify my office of your intention to submit a piece of artwork fo…
rt  whitehouse   since its passage  my administration has already removed more than 1 500 va employees who failed to give our veterans the…
happy new year to all  may 2018 be a safe  healthy  and successful year 
today my demanding accountability for veterans act will be considered as an amendment on the floor of the house  this is a big win for vets 
rt  lvmpd  for families looking to locate missing loved ones  please call 1-866-535-5654 
thornberry introduces the  death tax repeal act 
grateful for the support of  adk_council on my work to protect the adirondacks included in the recent government fu…
great talking healthcare  russia  taxes & more with folks from  sc04   thanks  senatortimscott for joining our telep…
rt  repdesantis  our pets are not simply another piece of cargo  they are members of our family   repmarkmeadows and i sent a letter to the…
join us thurs for a hearing to discuss empowering women in the workforce  more info here 
huge congrats to the pueblo city-county library for being named best public library in the nation  winning the lesl…
big news ➡️ the house and senate will now go to conference to bring tax relief to central texans
 diamondandsilk  we have your back 
i voted to rebuild our military by increasing defense spending  raising pay for our troops  providing     support t…
rt  austinscottga08  coming up at 10am   hascrepublicans &  hascdemocrats will mark-up the  fy19ndaa  to provide tools for our military to r…
good luck & keep up the good work 
looking forward to this incredible tribute becoming a reality   marinemuseumnc
rt  secretarycarson  at the hope center discussing homeless prevention
i ve known sonia for years as a friend and customer  now she is a local celebrity  i m proud to bring…
rep  sensenbrenner receives award for work on second chance act 
i urge  hhsgov to take action and prevent abortion providers like planned parenthood from receiving federal funds t…
rt  cnbc  breaking  walmart will raise its starting wage rate for hourly employees in the u s  to  11  expand maternity & parental leave be…
the tragic opioid abuse epidemic has hit communities here in  mi06  and across the country  in response  we have led…
on this holocaust remembrance day  we remember the innocent victims and survivors of such a dark time in history  we…
trauma-informed care is really starting to gain momentum  this week  oprah winfrey called it a  game changer   and…
this is great news  senate passage of  fosta  sends the clear message that we will no longer tolerate or turn a blin…
today  the house passed the faa reauthorization act  which invests in airports across the country  improves u s  av…
opening statement from today s hearing on risks to the budget and the economy can be read here → budget economy
icymi   cqrollcall recognizes rep  sensenbrenner for holding most town hall meetings 
take a look at my e-newsletter to see what i did this week in the district →
do you know how your family is benefiting from the tax cuts & jobs act  ➡️
toured the portage home depot today & talked to employees about the bonuses that they got thanks to the tax cuts an…
join me in participating in the national hemophilia foundation red tie challenge  thank you to matthew watts of…
americans who are willing & able should be allowed to serve u s  regardless of race  religion  gender  sexual orientation or gender identity
pleased to see  secpompeo and  potus bring our american prisoners home from north korea  a hopeful sign that negoti…
great to visit with everyone 
rt  mercatus  what do you do if you wind up with a little extra money in your household budget at the end of the year  government agencies…
we must be united against bigotry and hate 
happy friday to all our followers out there on twitter  remember to springforward this weekend  it s…
 we reject the all or none approach    daca   repcurbelo
deeply saddened by the death of our 7 u s  service members in iraq yesterday  my prayers are with the family and lo…
calling all hoosiers who live in  in05   this saturday is d e a take back day  there are a number of locations through…
happy easter  he is risen 
today  i will introduce the demanding accountability for vets act  when vets don t recieve care  there must be consequences  veterans
last week  the  wsj published an editorial on the need to reform america s air traffic control system  if you haven…
sub health is now considering h r  5176  preventing overdoses while in emergency rooms act of 2018 find all bills…
rt  houseappropsgop  starting at 10 am  labor  hhs subcommittee chairman  tomcoleok04 chairs the subcommittee s fy19 public witness hearing…
rt  8news  virginia marks 1st barbara johns day honoring civil rights pioneer
i commend today s decision by  potus to move the us embassy to jerusalem  it not only enforces long-standing federa…
rt  farmcredit  thanks  mactxpress for meeting w  agtexasfcs  great discussion re  the farm bill  supporting rural & ag in texas  farm cred…
rt  upspolicy   repnewhouse  ups thanks for sharing  we re proud to invest our tax savings into our network in order to benefit our people…
by limiting our reconstruction assistance to assad  we send a strong message that the american people will not sup…
rt  edenprairiepd  awarding good deeds last night  chief jim demann awarded 6 civilians with police department awards for their roles in he…
today  potus also launched which is a video collection site to share stories from the amer…
rt  reptomemmer  tune in to  financialcmte at 10 00am et ↓
rt  housevetaffairs  chairman  drphilroe introduces legislation to reflect bipartisan  bicameral agreement reached last month 
happy birthday to the land of the free and the home of the brave  independence day
great to chat w  wilmingtoncoll collegiate farm bureau this morning  including a few students from  oh07   great fut…
i m encouraged by the passage of our irs reform package because the american people deserve an irs which provides t…
rt  houseappropsgop  the house just passed h j  res  123 on a vote of 235-193  this spending bill funds the federal government until decemb…
this morning  i spoke to the folks at lindsey & associates  inc  thank you for having me 
make sure you tune in 
details 
from our family to yours - happy easter 
my memory from four years ago today on facebook  kennedy s final prom and i made it  today is…
great idea   elonmusk come on down 
praying for my colleagues  their staff  the  capitolpolice  and all those affected this morning in alexandria 
wishing all mothers a very happy and blessed mother s day 
 i believe hardworking men & women across this country deserve to keep more of what they earn  that s what our plan…
 on behalf of the national space grant alliance  i want to thank the chairman for incl  a reauthorization of the na…
about to join  happeningnow on  foxnews  tune in 
rt  nacds  thank you  repdavidvaladao for supporting hr 592  patients benefit from pharmacist care   capharm provider status
more on  kencalvert s bill streamlining government regulations to better protect endangered species 👇
 candicemiller  gpo must undergo major change to meet digital demands of the 21st century
in recognition of hungeractionmonth  we re highlighting the summer meals act  bill to fight childhood hunger …
this morning i visited the  ups facility in lancaster to learn more about their operation  i had a chance to hear f…
tomorrow   rephuizenga chairs our subcommittee hearing to learn more about cryptocurrencies & initial coin offering…
two hearings  one member  glad to have staff that can get me to both budget and tax reform evaluation hearings in t…
rt  idhs  homeowners  renters and businesses who have properties that sustained uninsured damage during flooding can report damages to
great to visit with hannah brown today  hannah is from west alabama and representing our great state as miss alabam…
 kyletompkins12  shanegraber1 and i ll keep fighting until the tax cuts are permanent 
happy 70th birthday to the air force reserve  and thank you to all of the brave men and women at  434arw and across…
this morning i met with patrick parker  the chief of the grand traverse metro fire department 
 wps  at war memorial
in a  gopoversight hearing last oct  i questioned the irs on their re-hiring of fired employees   video here …
by closing loopholes to special interests and big business  working families will keep more of their hard-earned mo…
tmrw   8am i am doing a radio town hall on  realtalk995 with  mattmurphyshow &  aunielindenberg  listen live & call w/ your questions   al06 
⚡️  remember when democrats were against a shutdown  we do    by  housegop
when i think of taxreform stories  i think about the manager of starbucks in downtown spokane or premera in washin…
 denisekayreese i have always tweeted them myself  so sometimes typos happen  here s a story from a few years ago a…
recognizing constitution day
rt  richmondrnews   repandybarr lauds tax reform in visit with local business owners  via  kellymckinney18 
today is sanctity of human life day  and last friday the 2018 march for life was held  as a legislator  it s my res…
rt  rachellmillard    rephartzler on farmbill gridlock   the democrats have had  snap  bill text since feb 7   committee has worked with th…
congratulations to  nmcclejeune on being certified as a level iii trauma center - an extraordinary accomplishment …
i m pleased more resources are going to combat the opioid crisis w/more federal grants= 485 million  i ll continue…
rt  tombrunedc   reppeteking voted for aid deal   ronald reagan worked with tip o neill  eisenhower worked with lbj  you can t just have 1-…
 nicahojo please contact my office at 202-225-4735 to learn about the tours offered to constituents visiting washington  thanks 
president trump kept his promises by moving the embassy to israel s rightful capital  jerusalem  this is a bold  co…
important story  when a lead fbi investigator  peter strzok  discusses his personal relationship with a fisa judge …
i introduced bipartisan alert act today with  repschneider to ensure university leadership reviews & is accountable…
employer-sponsored insurance is popular  but the current system could be better  learn about a better way here ⇩
rt  nws  updated  8am edt  track for irma  the forecast cone still covers most of florida with this morning s update and is still a major h…
vivien & i are sad to hear of the passing of former first lady barbara bush  her strength & kindness touched millio…
make no mistake - senate democrats are the only thing standing in the way of extending chip for six years and keepi…
please join me in praying for the sailors aboard the uss john s  mccain 
rt  houseagnews  house ag celebrates womens history month and national ag week with  rephartzler  womenin ag
he is risen  happy easter and many blessings to you 
louis farrakhan is usa s leading anti-semite  he says  jews are my enemy   are  not really jews but are in fact sat…
great meeting with  samhsagov assistant sec  mccance-katz this morning to discuss ways to ensure wv get s its fair…
 millennials want to know that they re valued & appreciated   terrimcclements  pwc_llp g o p future
u s  shale oil output is predicted to surge over the next 5 years  decreasing u s  reliance on foreign energy produ…
icymi  more great local news out of traverse city thanks to the tax cutsand jobs act  tax reform works for the people…
rt  housecommerce  live now  sub energy hearing  doe modernization  legislation addressing cybersecurity and emergency response   watch her…
rt  repmimiwalters  boeing is investing  54 million into communities  including reforestation efforts follow last year s tragic wildfire se…
today we celebrate washingtons birthday or presidents day to honor life & work of our first president george washington  potus
rt  houseappropsgop  the house just passed a bill to fund the department of defense - again  the safety and security of our nation  and pea…
rt  kusinews   they can t climb some of these walls  some of them they can  those are the walls we are not using   -  realdonaldtrump said…
take a look at the important information about keeping teens safe on the roads  the text message can wait …
this week i spoke with a panel of experts on how simplifying our broken tax code will help families & individuals
rt  realdonaldtrump  we are delivering historic tax relief for the american people  tax cutsand jobs act
happening now  progress report on the 2020 census  📺https //t co/ltfwhij0er
rt  housescience  watch live  an overview of the budget proposal for the department of energy for fiscal year 2019
the house passed the stop school violence act on an overwhelmingly bipartisan vote today 
last night  i voted to keep the government open & extend child health insurance for 6 years for 694 kids in malheur…
by passing right to try  the house took a major step forward tonight to give those with terminal illnesses a chance…
i really enjoyed seeing mainers & air force & navy vets  tony pimental and rick tetrev  today in dc  they dutifull…
video   reptrey   repmialove   reptipton   repfrenchhill and  repseanduffy have worked to get bills that help…
rt  arforestrycomm  please be advised  in many ar areas low humidity & gusty winds may be present  avoid burning outdoors if the humidity i…
rt  housegop  passed → relief funds are heading your way  texas  hurricane harvey
and did nothing to stop iran s murderous behavior in the middle east as it chants  death to israel  death to americ…
after six years of obamacare - a flawed  deceptive law that s failed us time and again  it s no wonder americans aren t celebrating 
watch chairwoman  virginiafoxx deliver her opening remarks at the start of today s full committee hearing on…
rt  chadpergram  casket of billy graham being escorted into the capitol rotunda in between the statues of presidents reagan and eisenhower
the current fitness facility is outdated and does not meet the needs of the brave men and women in niagara falls th…
last week   housecommerce voted to send our bill  the power act  to the house for a vote  this bill would ensure th…
rt  speakerryan  we can t keep asking our service members to go above and beyond when we are leaving them under-prepared and under-equipped…
i had the best lunch today in fairbanks with lee babcock at the cookie jar  what a true alaskan 
how do law enforcement leaders feel about moving the f i r s t s t e p act forward   it is for the sake of public safety th…
in the  expressnews -  tax cuts mean more money  and business  for san antonio manufacturers  tax reform
at the huntington vamc this morning as part of  national salute to veteran patients week   deptvetaffairs
  repcurbelo had a productive meeting with  mexamcouncil  centro camposino  ccfc1972  and some of f l26 s…
rt  repjimrenacci  america is back to work  according to the  usdol  the initial claims for state unemployment benefits fell to 209k  the…
together with our local supervisors matt letourneau and tony buffington  who represent this area  we worked to obta…
statement  it has been the most remarkable honor of my life to serve the people of  oh12  
rt  shopfloornam  georgia manufacturer credits tax reform for helping land the biggest contract in company history  plans investments in ne…
rt  foxnews    speakerryan   we ve got a lot more work to do just this term    dailybriefing
first ohio state game of the season  let s go bucks   o-h   ohiostatefb  osuprezdrake
thank you to saratoga county police officers for discussing our legislative efforts to better support members of la…
rt  jim_jordan  18  and why would  senschumer  leader of the democrat party  publicly warn president-elect trump on jan  3  2017 that when…
thank you eric doden for three years of dedicated service   greaterfwinc is on a strong footing thanks to your lead…
rt  repseanduffy  tax reform is doing wonders for our growing american economy 
i support law abiding citizens having the ability to possess firearms to protect themselves  their families  other…
i am pleased that president trump is engaged on this issue and look forward to working with him to implement a holi…
that s why i introduced h r  5362  the irs information technology accountability act  and i m thankful it was inclu…
it was pleasure to meet with students from suny oneonta prior to their tour of the u s  capitol  thank you for stop…
rt  ronfein  this is who funds your elections  america  click here to learn more about  fsfp s lawsuit that could end super pacs &gt &gt &gt 
my statement on today s release of the framework for fixing our broken tax code  see the plan that released today--…
i asked ssa is the new plan is going to stop the cycle & how they can assure us that in 10 yrs we won t have another backlog 
 2/2 now that president trump has announced the united states  withdrawal from the deal  i believe we need to work…
more than 87 million americans across the country—so far—will save money on their utility bills  why  tax reform 💡
great news for pasco  just got fema individual assistance  to file a claim go to
rt  lionsclubs  lions present centennial commemorative coin to us rep   peterroskam & discuss vopa  protect your club 
if you are a student interested in attending a military academy  please be sure to sign up for the upcoming academy…
rt  hascrepublicans  today  chairman  mactxpress joined  speakerryan  gopleader  cathymcmorris to talk about the  fy18ndaa  - watch some of…
rt  tomcoleok04  for this month s episode of cole on congress  i was delighted to have my friend & colleague   hurdonthehill  join the show…
navigating the federal bureaucracy isn t easy – so we often intervene on constituents  behalf to find solutions or…
thankful to be on the house floor right now managing floor debate on the rule resolution for the thin blue line act  national police week
rt  housegop  let s get down to the facts on the tax cutsand jobs act ✅ 90% of americans will see bigger paychecks ✅ business confidence is a…
rt  nbcsports  kansas officials working to help udoka azubuike s mother receive travel visa  since she has yet to see her son play a colleg…
if the hitler adoring farrakhan hates the usa  jews & others so much then he should just disappear from our great c…
potus  realdonaldtrump has it right  the senate should take the nuclear option and require 51 votes to pass legisla…
it was great to join members of the  azcommerce and tour  merit_saw this afternoon  i am glad to see this engineeri…
rt  scavino45  statement by president  realdonaldtrump on the passing of reverend billy graham 
my heart goes out to the families and colleagues of ivan flanscha and zachary anthony  who lost their lives yesterd…
rt  waynedupreeshow  this just in  florida s port charlotte loses ocean water too  via  waynedupreeshow
rt  econarmarsha  thank you for taking out of your busy day to visit with these smart investors 
rt  houseagnews  chairman   conawaytx11 addresses the crowd at the  sugaralliance s 34th international sweetner symposium  house ag
a big congratulations to the g w  long high school baseball team for winning another state championship title  your…
rt  mikeofcc  see my statement on the national non-emergency wireless number act  introduced today by  susanwbrooks &  repannaeshoo →
we can all agree on about 80% of the issues facing the nation  building relationships and working on common goals…
americans from all walks of life have been affected by the opioid crisis  the  whitehouse has created a new website…
rt  cnbcnow  just in  at&t announces it will  pay a special  1 000 bonus to more than 200 000 at&t u s  employees  due to tax reform passag…
the damage done by the iran deal has been significant  mostly due to the massive cash infusion the deal gave to the…
we re not certain that the service branches are adequately identifying the source and cause of aviation mishaps fas…
3 takeaways from the crime hearing on the parkland shooting  1  neither the fbi nor local police adequately investi…
joining  trish_regan at 2pm on  foxbusiness - tune in 
charley thone represented that timeless nebraska belief in the nobility of public service  but  he was not just a…
honored to speak at the options for women banquet for life last night  their pregnancy resource centers in ste  gen…
rt  replynnjenkins  happy small business week to all our kansas businesses and the 30 million small businesses across the country  our econo…
i join with all americans and fellow texans in offering my prayers and condolences to the bush family 
rt  ahenry_econdev  great tour this afternoon at  dullesglass with  robwittman in  pwcgov  pwcded econdev
great to discuss opportunities for restoration of incarcerated arkansans and americans with  justicereform this mor…
73 years ago today - 24 000 brave men stormed the beaches at normandy  we are forever grateful for their sacrifice  d day2017
today i asked u s  interior  secretaryzinke to commit to visiting northeast ohio so he can experience first-hand th…
rt  speakerryan  in the 3 months since tax reform  we re already seeing  ✔️small biz grow & invest ✔️bonuses for more than 6 million worker…
icymi  earlier this month the house passed the championing healthy kids act to extend the chip program for 5 years …
today   cathymcmorris and i received a commitment from house leadership to mark up and bring our bill to the floor…
great news→ at 3 9%  the unemployment rate is at it s lowest level in nearly 20 years  with tax reform  the  work f…
rt  reprichhudson   hr38  won t increase crime  it doesn t override state gun laws  it won t arm criminals  americans aren t falling for the…
teachers influence the lives of our kids every single day    thank you to all those who have dedicated their lives…
our military men and women deserve to know that we have their backs 
china s decision to forbid chinese banks from doing business w/ n korea  is good news for the world community 
congress has the constitutional responsibility to conduct oversight over the executive branch  and our citizens hav…
best of luck to the students from oak ridge high school competing in the  energy national science bowl this weekend…
final facebook vote for the  people s choice  art winner is now open  4 worthy pieces from 4 different local high s…
there are too many dedicated police officers in salt lake city to be tainted by this episode  accountability is key to maintaining trust
we need a strong demand-driven workforce development system that aligns education w/ the needs of employers   cte 
you have a responsibility to teach others insightful women guidance from mayor pamela bobst
griffith  goodlatte send letter to ferc on colonial pipeline
from the beginning  i said the iran nuclear agreement was a flawed  weak deal that serves the interests of bad acto…
taxreform at work in cincinnati  the nation s largest operator of traditional supermarkets is using tax cuts to th…
 consumer sentiment in march unexpectedly jumped to a 14-year high after tax cuts boosted disposable incomes 
enjoyed our meeting   ok2 
thoughts & prayers w steve scalise  2 police officers & staffer shot this am  steve is good friend  very helpful in passing 9/11 health bill
to our friends of the jewish faith  we wish you a joyous passover  chag sameach 
community leaders earn recognition during hispanic heritage month festivities
 tx24  jobs ➡ amazon to hire 2 500 full-time employees at new coppell fulfillment center
i couldn t support the  1 3t spending bill  families in oh understand how to prioritize    the us must abide by the…
rt  diazchron  congress takes up legislation to improve urban flood maps via  houstonchron
headed back to south jersey now  community events to attend including hosting my youth advisory council of high sch…
chairman  repkevinbrady on house passage of two bills sponsored by w&m members  repkenmarchant and  repcurbelo that…
today i had the opportunity to tour the georgia vocational rehabilitation institute in warm springs  this organizat…
fixing our nation s broken immigration system shouldn t be a partisan issue  that s why  i signed a discharge petit…
our veterans deserve the utmost care and support when returning from risking life and limb for the freedoms our cou…
south jersey won big in this budget deal   -funds new construction at the joint base -more    for deborah hospital…
this morning s disability assistance and memorial affairs markup has been cancelled  the economic opportunity subco…
  realdonaldtrump s leadership played a significant role in toyota-mazda s decision to locate in america rather tha…
rt  gopoversight    jim_jordan  at our most recent hearing about irs mismanagement  we learned that the agency rehired bad employees who en…
today is world autism awareness day  join  whitehouse  my office and millions around the world and lightitupblue
great discussion this morning with officials from richland county on school safety  infrastructure and how to work…
rt  repdavidyoung  thank you to all of the teachers who work hard  put in the extra hours  and go above and beyond to educate our children …
thank you to all the students who joined us yesterday to learn more about applying for a military service academy …
rt  auctnr1  very saddened to learn of the passing of one of my long time daily coffee shop buddies and longer time friend don hopper  kor…
in 2016  fl manufacturers helped drive our state economy with  48 16 billion in exports  happy manufacturing day 
     her own service to this country will live on through her legacy of advancing family literacy  she was a role m…
getting ready to join  foxandfriends live from the capitol 
today i voted in support of the stop school violence act   this legislation would authorize  75 million a year for a…
house passes posey s bipartisan bill to protect insurance policyholders from bailing-out financial firms
we ve had a challenging few days in windsor after the mill burned down over the weekend  i m thankful no one was harmed 
today  housecommerce examined my bipartisan bill to enhance the department of energy s ability to address cybersecu…
icymi  ideas and innovation are the seeds of tomorrow  they must be protected  thank you world intellectual proper…
happy 242nd birthday   usmc  semper fi
  repmarkmeadows  there is no doubt federal agencies play an important role in our government  but they should stil…
50 years after his assassination  we honor his legacy and remember his amazing work   mlk50 
 ca08 
honored to attend this morning s memorial service for the late rev  billy graham in the capitol rotunda  america s…
i think the competition between solar and wind is analogous to the competition between natural gas and coal   one…
rt  housebudgetgop  the budget committees  authorizers  and appropriators must all interact as part of the budget process in congress  lea…
spoke on the house floor today in support of meningitis b awareness  in the house gallery looking on were two mothe…
i called  oregongovbrown yesterday & asked her to use her leadership position  natlgovsassoc to support fully fundi…
thanks to the  idahofarmbureau federation  whose members stopped by my dc office today  we had a great discussion o…
attending  ldtc16  today  let cvc staff know you re attending the event so they can help direct you to the cvc congressional auditorium 
last night i voted in favor of the right to try act  unfortunately  the majority of the democrat caucus denied this…
congrats to  highlandbrews for being named as the best beer in  nc   always good to see one of the many excellent…
rt  realdonaldtrump  join me live for the  sotu 
rt  sandyhook  with  repteddeutch  rephalrogers  repderekkilmer and  repdonbacon  reprutherfordfl to discuss the s t o pschoolviolence act in…
americans don t have to wait to see positive changes from taxreform  the tax cuts are helping them now – not in 10…
rt  cityofstcharles  honored to take part in the ribbon cutting with  imea_org of the new solar plant in st  charles today along with  reph…
wishing everyone and their loved ones a blessed good friday  may god bring peace to your heart and hope in your lif…
fair shot at opportunity demands free markets  limited government and the rule of law   sotu 
congrats to erin o brien of reed hs – our 2016  nv02  congressional art competition winner 
is tax reform a priority for you  to find out more about the house gop plan  go to 
i m honored and humbled to be chosen by my colleagues to serve on  waysandmeansgop  i m anxious to get to work with…
i am proud to support my tn colleague  repdavidkustoff s bill h r  4768 which takes aim at financial organizations…
check your check
thank you   lisamarieboothe  cole  grace  and brynn loved meeting you 
the following guilford county schools will be closed tomorrow  hampton elementary hairston middle irving park e…
one-size-fits-all regulations rarely work  truckers were in dc this week to talk about common sense flexibilities o…
this is about dismantling the obamacare regulations that have hurt so many families and businesses in texas…
rt  oceanindustries    repjeffduncan  offshore energy can boost sc s economy  strengthen energy independence  lower energy prices and crea…
rt  newday  rep  carlos curbelo on the release of the three americans held in north korea   it s a good day for our country   but  we have…
rt  catocmfa    repdavid &  repjaredpolis  bill to clarify taxes on cryptocurrencies is a step in the right direction  anjiecast
today we welcome home the three americans who arrived early this morning from captivity in north korea  i commend…
 icymi  check out my latest op-ed in  lagrandenews on our work in congress over the past year to reduce red tape  cu…
next year  americans in every district across the u s  will be able to keep more of their hard-earned money  in fac…
rt  rogermarshallmd  it s national small business week  recent studies have shown that small business optimism is at an all-time high  as a…
more than 500 companies are raising wages  paying bonuses  improving benefits  or lowering utility rates because of…
excited to welcome  repadriansmith &  reploudermilk who are joining my committee for the 115th congress 
members of the house don t have to take annual ethics training by law  yeah -  repcicilline & i are fixing that 
i m pleased to announce that christine choi is the winner of al02 s 2018 congressional art competition  christine i…
today   vp will be visiting the third district to highlight how iowans are benefiting from the new tax law   the am…
  mcdonalds is the latest company to announce expanded benefits because of the tax cuts and jobs act – this time in…
rt  bizroundtable   replamalfa thank you for supporting america s workers  employers  and for your commitment to grow the economy  thank yo…
cuz she s on the road with me and i haven t posted on instagram lately  shesatrooper
 irs  has a new tax withholding calculator to check if you should submit a revised w-4 to your employer …
on this day in 1743  our nation s 3rd president  thomas jefferson  was born  happy birthday to one of our country s…
icymi- i look forward to building upon my strong record of bipartisan success with this measure to stop abuse and r…
joining  robport now  tune in at the link below 
145 republicans who  i would argue  have disqualified themselves from leadership positions by following current lea…
rt  cassandrarules  exclusive details  trump assured rand paul that he intends to end wars in afghanistan and syria  work with him to refor…
 repmikecoffman to  va   secshulkin today in regards to ig report   it is not the optics that are not good  it s th…
happening now  chairman  kencalvert and the interior subcommittee hold a hearing on the fy19 budget for the…
adding 600 troops to islamic state fight is  absolute minimum 
rt  wbrztraffic  breaking news  expect interstates closed now to stay closed until tomorrow
see what s new in the tax cuts & jobs act  ✔ significantly increases the standard deduction to protect roughly doub…
rt  dellagoresort  we had the pleasure of welcoming  reptomreed to del lago this afternoon for a visit with our talented team  del lago n y h…
rt  gdsfoundation  live   we are grateful for you making an impact for the thousands and thousands of people with down syndrome  -  tomcole…
  vamontanahcs should seek women leaders to promote  women serve in military at historic levels & make 80% of healthcare decisions mtpol
rt  repkevinbrady  our economy is thriving thanks to tax reform  there are now 6 6 million job openings – a record high  and we re just get…
thanks to  usda  secretarysonny perdue for joining the  houseagnews committee yesterday to address the state of rur…
honored to address today s naturalization ceremony at  historymiami welcoming new citizens in so fla  as a natural…
 this is absolutely needless  completely unnecessary  and wholly because of senate democrats trying to shut down th…
my deepest condolences to president bush and the entire bush family on the loss of former first lady barbara bush …
congratulations to mount pleasant on its 128th birthday 
when did funding  chip  for 6 years become a  doggie-do  sundae  didn t pelosi say  congress has no more sacred duty…
rt  speakerryan  the schumer shutdown has serious repercussions for the  deptofdefense  that s why this shutdown is so risky 
holding office santander s family  friends  and our dallas police department in my prayers this morning 
rt  wlky  9-year-old cancer patient asks for cards to celebrate  last christmas early
the federal government may be closed but congress is not  the house will still vote today  👍 fyi → today in bakers…
rt  kdhnews  potential for hail over the next few hours 
falcons fought  fell short in ot  in 5 years   tompkinshs  tompkinshoops 1st kisd ever in tx hoops finals  so proud 
local high school students awarded congressional medal of merit
w/ unemployment at 17-year low  stock market at all-time high & creation of nearly 2 million new jobs in past year …
congratulations to the  usahockey women s team and north dakota s own  jocelyneusa17 &  moniquelam7  you are the fi…
today  i recognized bay county deputy sheriff mike clancy on the house floor for his heroic efforts in saving the l…
tmrw  9th anniversary of hurricane ike  the forgotten storm  good chat w/  johnwferguson of  galvnews re  coastal barrier  ike  & harvey 
house dems are trying to block a measure to allow an immediate vote on any funding bill the senate passes  dem obst…
rt  herrerabeutler  my bipartisan bill will receive a committee hearing this thursday
rt  shopfloornam  tax reform and gdp numbers are delivering historic boosts for small manufacturers  small business week
president trump is right to take action on aluminum and steel  but across-the-board tariffs will harm american manu…
rt  tdonline  us congressman neal dunn honors wakulla middle school teachers
happy mlk day  h r  490 will save more black lives than any bill since the emancipation  have a heart 
rt  replukemesser  great strides made today by the  rulesreps to make our chamber more transparent and accountable
also happening now  don t miss my questions for  secazar 
live from  foxbusiness at 6 10 pm est / 3 10 pm az
rt  jim_jordan  history shows that governments erode liberties over time  our 4th amendment was established to protect the privacy and libe…
i spoke with  onetoughnerd today about the recent information on the damaged coating on pipeline 5  here s a link…
congratulations to  villageofge new police department  it is a well deserved addition for those who put their lives…
big congratulations to keegan  he will be a valuable asset to  senateyouth and will gain some memorable experience …
chairman  candicemiller reaffirms commitment to military and overseas voting
thank you  tx21  teachers 
clearly  the irs oversight board no longer serves a purpose and deserves to be eliminated  especially since other…
breaking  the house has passed the  fy18ndaa  
gop offers  prebuttal  to obama s healthcare speech via  dcexaminer
rt  jordanfabian    presssec says goodlatte bill  addresses the principles that we laid out and is something that we would support 
tune in  
omnibus provides nearly  4 billion in funds to help address the terrible opioid epidemic  since taking over as ch…
today in the house  we ll look at a bill that will lower energy prices across the country  americas new congress
today is the last day of an old  outdated  and out-of-touch tax code  when you file next year  you will be using a…
 shannonbrooke01  lesapr  losthitchhiker go 4 it  that is your right  just make certain that right not negated by a foreigner here illegally
rt  sendavidperdue  let the countdown begin  85 working days until the next gov t funding deadline on sept  30th  there s no reason congres…
heart broken for the victims and their families following the tragic school shooting today in broward county  fla …
rt  ggrosshor  in the studio today  repgrove is talking with  repscottperry about the positive impact the federal tax cuts is having on h…
rt  repmikecoffman  just wrapped up a 14 hour hearing on  fy19ndaa   my statement below 
rt  hascrepublicans  that s a wrap - officially 11 59 pm -  fy18ndaa 
incredible evening at the grand opening of the new mississippi arts and entertainment center in meridian 
in  houseappropsgop committee  i was proud to vote for the fy19 energy and water bill that supports continued…
congratulations to the seven  mi03  students who received appointments to service academies and the 34 who received…
tomorrow  i ll be delivering the commencement address at my alma mater   lsu  watch live online here &gt  geaux tigers
reminder to take advantage of our mobile office hours in your community each month  check out the schedule here …
a view from above the central iowa power cooperative solar farm in corning  the 7 128 solar panels are spread over…
great to meet fair haven s  smallfactory & see what he s doing to help kids w/ autism  federal grants going where n…
congrats to the  cmscougarsdb science bowl team for bringing home 1st place at their regional science bowl  next up…
republican study committee announces dan ziegler as executive director
rt  congressionalac  congrats again to the  congressionalac winner from north carolina 🎉📱these young tech innovators are changing our 🌎 one…
by prioritizing the reduction of the rape kit backlog  we are sending a clear message to victims of sexual assault…
congress should behave like a family around the kitchen table figuring out their finances  that means not spending…
administration s wrongheaded decision to rescind the  tps  designation for honduras  following a similar decision f…
honored to receive the  ourhospitals america s essential hospitals congressional leader award for my work to preven…
congrats to p a15 s fred lang  who retired from federal government & active guard & reserve service w/  usairforce…
starting now   gopoversight national security subcommittee field briefing at  mdcollege to explore the dangers of n…
 praise be to the god and father of our lord jesus christ  in his great mercy he has given us new birth into a livi…
subcommittee examines legislative proposals to benefit main street investors →
rt  rhherald  5th district congressman  repralphnorman says  opportunity zones  mean money for downtown rock hill  chester  lancaster  ht…
rt  housecommerce    aaf released new data yesterday on how the opioid crisis has harmed the american workforce and cost the u s  economy m…
live on  foxandfriends now  tune in 
i was very impressed with  potus s speech last night  he offered a bold vision and i hope his words will set a tone…
tonight is  potus first  sotu   what am i looking forward to hearing  realdonaldtrump talk about  who is my guest  w…
rt  hascrepublicans  live  chairman  mactxpress talking north korea & defense bill w/  foxnews  harrisfaulkner - tune in now
from roundtables on stem education to the stinesville elementary robotics club  this week in bloomington →
  hurdonthehill  we have four experts on that matter whom i look forward to hearing from 
definitely one of annual capitol hill events i ll miss is paws for luck adoption by  aspca  …
griffith applauds rural development funds to coalfield communities
rt  transporttopics    repbillshuster says his meeting with pres  donald trump on infrastructure plan was a  very positive step forward  …
today  a four-year degree simply doesn t work for many people  a certification or credential towards a trade can ge…
since the passage of the tax cutsand jobs act in december  we have seen the positive impact taxreform has had on our…
this week we pay tribute to the rev  billy graham  this 1964 photo shows him speaking to a large crowd inside legio…
rt  morningbriefing   in order to fix the va  we need transparency & this bill delivers that   said  congressmandan who worked as a surgeon…
today we remember the life of major leo k  thorsness  he was minnesota s last living medal of honor recipient  & pa…
rt  vavetbenefits  have forever g i bill questions  join us tomorrow  fri 11/17  at 2pm et for a twitter q&a  ask questions using ask v b a  h…
glad tina made me a big breakfast because  orlandobaking factory floor smells delightful this morning  nice to be a…
environmentalism s double standard  concerns over impacts from energy projects disappear where  green  energy is i…
rt  housegop  that s why we passed bills like  repfrenchhill s  volcker rule regulatory harmonization act -- to lift up those community ban…
small businesses are the lifeblood of our economy  the tax cuts and jobs act has improved small-business optimism with…
rt  misty_sharpetn  thank you congressman  repgusbilirakis for spending time with us this morning and for your efforts in getting the chfra…
it is critical that we protect intellectual property rights  that is why today  at the  hascrepublicans hearing on…
we can meet and overcome the challenges we face  but only if we come together envisioning an america that is free …
rt  repdebdingell  toured  naias2018  today with a bipartisan group of colleagues to see the latest in automotive innovation  great to show…
signers of my letter last week calling for a special counsel  jordan/f  rooney/tenney/budd/gaetz/gohmert/gosar/mead…
protesters in house chamber protest the democratic process by which bills become law  and by which americans get to…
 for christ also suffered once for sins  the righteous for the unrighteous  to bring you to god  he was put to deat…
rt  hascrepublicans  chairman  mactxpress     the military is being held hostage to these other political issues     watch more here 
thrilled to be in morgan county last week visiting several  ga10  businesses to discuss the benefits they ve already…
publix in vero beach is open until 5pm
congratulations to chloe  lauren  and shopie - this year s winners of the congressional art competition for pa-06 
the ssa must find ways to be more efficient & modernize the disability insurance program 
thank you to everyone in prescott valley who turned out for coffeewith gosar at rafter eleven this morning 
productive meetings to kick off the day at  nafta  talks in montreal  breakfast with canadian members of parliament…
rt  owens_abc27    potus in harrisburg praising truckers and their importance to economy   abc27news
onslow & jones counties  i m hosting a teletown hall tonight  to join  please call 888-480-3626 starting   5 30pm …
great news coming out of atlanta  tax reform driving  12 billion investment from  ups 
rt  housevetaffairs  this week  chairman  drphilroe   repbradwenstrup and  repjenniffer visited  deptvetaffairs facilities in puerto rico a…
spoke at the new jersey double tenth organization national day of republic of china ceremony in whippany 
it s time for congress to take a hard look at the  tsa  which can t seem to get its act together 
today is richard overton s 112th birthday  he returned to austin after wwii  where he served in the pacific theater…
this year s honor flight was sponsored by the  rotaryoftusc and included 99-year-old george murray  a world war two…
no speaker of the house in history has achieved more in such a short time as  speakerryan  i am so grateful for his…
ab biotechnologies  bloomington  in    ultimately these savings will be passed on to patients which benefits the co…
port aransas isd celebrated veterans day this morning to honor and thank veterans from all branches for their servi…
had an awesome time last night with fellow  clemsonuniv tigers at the prowl & growl - even got to dust off my aucti…
my statement on  potus announcement of new va secretary 
proud to join my colleagues on both sides of the aisle in efforts to protect our nation s animals
here s the bottom line  the doj/fbi must operate with greater transparency and turn over more documents with fewer…
thank you  ruralhealth   mnfarmersunion   cmnyfc   nfutweets   aplu_news  &  mnfarmbureau for supporting the…
it has been an honor and privilege to serve with  speakerryan in the house  i respect that his decision is motivate…
we are delivering on our promise to rebuild the military and get our brave servicemen and women the tools  training…
rt  cspan    goppolicy hearing on role of millennials in economy – live on c-span2 g o p future
committee approves posey s bill to protect insurance policyholders from bailing out financial firms
icymi  on world wildlife day i joined my colleagues  repmccaul   repedroyce  and  repstevechabot in writing an oped…
  nancyatheart thank you for the honor and all that you do
rt  nwsmobile  👉update your emergency kit before a hurricane strikes  be hurricane strong  🎒✅🔦 hurricane prep kit/supply ideas 
joined the finishing trades institute of the upper midwest for a tour and visit this afternoon  it s great to see t…
coptic community targeted yet again  i renew my call 2 work together 2 root out terrorism & identify underlying cau…
rt  tricityherald  congressman has plan to enshrine name of recently fallen richland marine 
rt  houstonisd  congressman ted poe presents the award to ms chase from  humanitiestexas   judgetedpoe   i come from a family of teachers …
rt  repjimbanks  during a  hascrepublicans hearing this week  i questioned defense secretary mattis and chairman of the joint chiefs genera…
looking forward to  diamondandsilk dropping in at next week s hearing  watch it live on our site …
rt  speakerryan  great news→ the house just passed an overwhelmingly bipartisan  comprehensive overhaul of the irs  this restoration of ove…
i ll be live on  wowofortwayne in just a few minutes  tune in ➡️
the release of the americans unjustly held by the nk regime is great news & i look forward to them reuniting with t…
rt  sbecouncil  tax reform has been a huge boost for smallbiz competitiveness  growth  access to capital and creating a better environment…
• 400  companies expanding employee benefits  • 4 000 000  americans receiving special bonuses  • 83 000 000 americ…
rt  ylanmui  on trump veto threat  freedom caucus vice chair  jim_jordan tells me   i think it s great and hope he does it  
attn taxpayers  you have until midnight tonight  wednesday  april 18  to file and pay your taxes  penalty-free  due…
rt  speakerryan  wishing all those celebrating here and around the world a healthy and happy rosh hashanah  shana tova 
wishing a happy birthday to my dear friend and american hero  congressman sam johnson  thank you for your continue…
rt  chickasawnation  governor anoatubby and u s  representative  tomcoleok04 speak at today s ems building ribbon cutting  thank you for jo…
rt  mariabartiromo  see you bright & early join us  morningsmaria  foxbusiness  dagenmcdowell  freemanwsj  mmreis  gen_jackkeane  hurdonthe…
as we observe national day of prayer  we pray for unity and healing throughout our nation 
proud to co-chair house space power caucus with  repdlamborn  repadamschiff  call_me_dutch  space is critical to national security 
rt  housejudiciary  children are among the most vulnerable and innocent among us and deserve the highest protections of the law  watch 🎥…
i enjoyed speaking to the downtown rotary club of statesboro this morning about my work in washington  thanks for h…
great to be at wmu connect after hours tonight at the wmed innovation center   mi06 
it s almost  sotu  time  tune in for  potus s address  
our men and women in uniform have shown a level of courage and commitment to their nation beyond any measure  we ow…
happy birthday  repkevinbrady  glad we get to spend this morning marking up important legislation that will benefit the american people  🎉
today  i will join hundreds of thousands of people at the 45th annual  march_for_life  our nation has long recogniz…
happy centennial day  natlparkservice find your park yellowstone glacier
join me in celebrating the life of a great man and in praying for his family as they mourn the loss of their loved one 
a happy independence day to one of our nation s closest allies - israel  i look forward to visiting again someday …
 2a  i solemnly swear to support and defend the constitution of the united states against all enemies foreign and do…
  angierowe thx 4 great healthcare discussion  i ve always tried to meet & listen to the concerns of any constituen…
    i am grateful for  potus focus on rural america  our hardworking farmers and rural communities have felt forgot…
happening now   houseforeign markup considering bills from  repedroyce   repchrissmith   joaquincastrotx  watch liv…
congressman griffith looked for answers on the fda s food recall process at today s subcommittee on oversight and i…
here s what s happening in the schumer shutdown- the media are recognizing that senate democrats blocked government…
rt  anna_giaritelli   no [daca] bill is going to be perfect  but inaction is just unacceptable   - rep   repnewhouse  r-wash
  hurdonthehill  voting is one of our fundamental democratic rights and is the cornerstone of american democracy 
rt  markweinerdc  have questions for  repjohnkatko  we ll ask him monday in live q&a  ny24 
rt  westerncaucus  today  the caucus issued a press release after  blmnational announced that they are taking steps to effectively rescind…
totally support  potus trump s deal  breaks gridlock  ends veto power of small group  time to govern & get results 
i want to wish everyone recognizing good friday a happy and reflective day  and i wish those recognizing the start…
rt  fwd_us  thank you  repnewhouse  r-wa   rep   roslehtinen  r-fl    repjoebarton  r-tx    repfredupton  r-mi    repdonbacon  r-ne    repp…
met my granddaughter rana and her friend stela at the lincoln memorial when i got to washington last night 
thanks to  govmurphy for hosting a bipartisan call w/federal officials to discuss the shutdown  which we all agree…
  uscbo director dr  keith hall   things like the oversight hearings are really helpful to us  
great to run into  iowaculture director chris kramer- a key partner in our successful fight to retain historic tax…
diego l  and diego m  fundraised the money to travel to dc to demo their winning virtual reality app in the halls o…
rt  housescience    wsj  russian meddling on social media targeted u s  energy industry  report says
no question about it  women are passionate and determined to get things done  women s history month is a time to ce…
now  back to the jazz  take note
this morning  i m chatting with  markdavis on  660ksky about yesterday s first baseball practice of the season  be…
due to today s unfortunate events in florida  my interview with  foxbusiness is going to be postponed  my thoughts…
rt  reptipton  icymi  yesterday during a  financialcmte hearing on the state of the economy  i had the chance to talk about how tax reform…
the hyde amendment saves precious lives  taxpayers should not be forced to pay for abortions   hr7 
rt  kasiedc   no one here is interested in a spectacle  we are interested in having a debate   repcurbelo on immigration
the military construction  va appropriations bill has been favorably reported by the subcommittee on a unanimous voice vote 
read more about my new bill with  repbyrne to fix our nation s antiquated  broken budget process with a more practi…
today  i spoke at  archildrens ribbon cutting ceremony  now  200 000 plus children in northwest arkansas will have…
i m deeply saddened by the tragedy which took place in las vegas  thoughts & prayers w/ the victims  families  police  and first-responders 
i helped pass the original americans with disabilities act  and in 2008  led the effort to pass the ada amendments…
welcomed  aipac national council members to the office this week to discuss next week s opening of the u s  embassy…
rt  foxnewsopinion    tedcruz   senmikelee   repmarkmeadows   jim_jordan  we must end the obamacare bailout now
rt  ponderela  it was very touching to watch congresswoman  roslehtinen today while she was being honored at the  sfhcc  we thank her for h…
rt  rephartzler  sunday afternoon crop tour checking out the baby 🌽🌽 corn 🌽🌽 which has just come up  looks like a good stand  long ways ti…
we wouldn t be able to go about our everyday lives  or enjoy big events like fiesta & the final four in…
score another one for big data  china is considering a  social credit  system where each citizen is assigned a pers…
more good news following tax reform
i also asked ms  clemons to detail what happens if a wounded warrior returning to work has other insurance availabl…
congratulations to mike pompeo on his confirmation by the senate to be our next secretary of state  i know he will…
live at 10 a m  → hearing to examine iran s global terrorism network and how this threatens the homeland and u s  i…
my bill hr 2105 to provide small businesses w/access to tools to protect against & respond to cyber-attacks just passed the house 
rt  housegop  let s get down to the facts on the tax cutsand jobs act ✅ 90% of americans will see bigger paychecks ✅ business confidence is a…
i m very proud to introduce the bipartisan  hsa  improvement act to expand health savings account access & flexibili…
we encourage  potus to check out our bill  the fast generics act  which will reduce the time it takes for generic m…
rt  househomeland  happening now → hearing to assess north korea s risk to the homeland  watch here 
 above all else  they are americans  and this capitol  this city  and this nation  belong to them    sotu 
rt  kcstaropinion  thanks to  repkevinyoder for helping make congressional research service reports much more accessible
the opioidcrisis is an all-hands-on-deck issue requiring federal  state  & local partnerships  we need to secure o…
always a pleasure to see krystal stoner of nebraska game and parks  she has worked tirelessly as a champion for rec…
the two ably assisted the victim with alex doohen using her belt as a tourniquet to slow the bleeding of the victim…
my bipartisan bill  hr4771  would allow small business owners a chance to get a loan from a community bank  my nei…
great to be at rim of the world association of realtors installation luncheon today   ca08 
rt  bmi  the music modernization act passed the committee unanimously  great bipartisanship on display  housejudiciary 
don t miss the g o p working4 women hearing  chaired by  repmcsally  at 1 15  stream live & join the coversation
saturday  april 28 is national prescription drug take back day  visit to find a drop off loc…
today  i released a statement in light of  potus steel and aluminum tariffs announcement  utpol…
rt  poe_jenna  rep  trey hollingsworth visited our farm today to see agriculture and farming first hand 
rt  repmikejohnson  taxreformworks  the tax cutsand jobs act put the american people first  and the benefits of this historic reform will be…
yesterday the senate passed the allow states and victims to fight online sex trafficking act  this is great news as…
thx to everyone who came out to the vet town hall in sparks today  also thx to mayor martini &  cityofsparks for letting us use the chamber 
with a unanimous  bipartisan  32-0 vote   housejudiciary has passed music modernization act  and i hope to see the h…
my thoughts on  potus  realdonaldtrump state of the union   sotu 
last month  the manufacturing industry saw the strongest hiring increase in more than three years - 241 000 jobs -…
in  fl17  and need help with a federal agency  my district offices are here to assist you  call my punta gorda  sebr…
the announcement on n korea is a sign that president trump s maximum pressure campaign is working  this campaign mu…
thx  opcseniors for hosting  mi08  town hall event today  i appreciated the opportunity to address your questions &…
every employee at  bestbuy in champaign & throughout the country is receiving a  500 or  1 000 bonus because of…
take time this week to thank a teacher in your community  in your neighborhood or in your home  or reach out to an…
honored to take part in this momentous day  ty  secretaryzinke for your commitment to responsible resource developm…
event today  coast guard hearing  blue technologies  use of maritime technologies to improve efficiency and mission…
there s still time to request a meeting during monday evening s office hours  use this link to submit a request 
just introduced the pershing co economic development & conservation act w/ support from the entire nevada del 1/2
karen  my staff members  and i are all on the train to the gop conference and we are all safe 
congrats to jamie marrara of claremore  a hs senior at  oologahhs  on her selection as one of 161 u s  presidential…
nearly 400 votes in house sends our 5yr faa authorization to senate  our bipartisan bill ensures long-term stabilit…
our new tax code under the tax cutsand jobs act deserves a new  21st-century irs that people trust and can hold accou…
what a great tribute for an incredible public servant and educator  mildred b  poole was a leader who pushed for th…
this is great news  even before  fosta  is signed into law  authorities are taking action to crack down on the bad a…
just in  i m proud to join w/  repgonzalez in introducing our bipartisan bill to make a smart fix to the original…
as i have publicly stated on several occasions  it s a mistake to release this memo  no members of congress-nor the…
 secretarysonny just arrived in  fl17  to take a first-hand look at the effects of citrus greening save our citrus
rt  cnnnewsroom    repchrisstewart says he s  disappointed  frustrated & a little bit angry  over healthcare
great to meet with some of our texas job-creators today to discuss those efforts  let s make america great again by…
by not reconsidering case on obama s executive action on immigration  the block on unilateral amnesty stands 
today we express our gratitude to the brave men and women in law enforcement who selflessly protect our communities…
in 2016  pa passed a law to allow patients facing certain illnesses to legally use medical marijuana  and i believe…
i m very pleased to announce that 8  ga08  students have received appointments to u s  military service academies  b…
 repmarciafudge thanks for your leadership   repmarciafudge  great to work with you to help raise awareness for healthier & happier kids 
great to see  il14  company  marsglobal celebrating  stem  at the 2018  usasciencefest by demonstrating how they deve…
i am continuing to fight for our blue water navy veterans  i will not stop until they receive the care and benefit…
the protecting young victims from sexual abuse & safe sport authorization act passed by  housejudiciary & through c…
 md01  veterans  the va maryland health care system is hosting a virtual enrollment fair tomorrow at 3 00 pm  you ca…
new   tgowdysc & i requested a briefing from the  fbi on the florida shooting
friends don t let friends shop at chains on       small biz saturday  ca08 
with taxreform  we built upon the success of the  able  act so people with disabilities can explore work and pursue…
rt  repscottpeters  honored to receive  mitatoday legislator of the year award along with  repryancostello  we ll continue to support job-c…
rt  mortonowh  all three nebraska house members and  senatorfischer asking their pay be withheld during shutdown 
congratulations to my good friend  fort bend county judge hebert  for being named public official of the year by…
rt  housescience  release   housescience issues bipartisan request for gao report on sexual harassment in scientific community
wishing you and your loved ones a happy thanksgiving 
icymi   repandybarr s bill creating a national monument in kentucky would memorialize the spot of a civil war-era a…
rt  houseadmngop  it s the 1st of may  and we ve got a  spring  in our step at the u s …
chairwoman  virginiafoxx in  realcleared   the prosper act was crafted with community college students in mind  in…
i was proud to represent congress at the opening of the u s  embassy in jerusalem  jerusalem is the true  undivide…
the funding of the gateway tunnel in the omnibus is an important start  i will fight to ensure the fed gov keeps it…
congratulations to  myivcc  ivleader on their awards adn much-deserved recognition for compelling news coverage  gr…
 according to reports in 2016  employees at facebook would routinely censor or purposefully downplay the existence…
great meeting with  scfirefighters yesterday  our first responders are constantly running toward danger to keep our…
a flashback friday from my days at leon valley elementary school in honor of teacher appreciation week  from ms  pam…
more than  1 trillion in taxes raised by obamacare   source  congressional budget office  a c abythenumbers
taking my post at first  not gonna be the same without my second baseman 
this deal did not go far enough in ensuring iran would eliminate their nuclear weapons program  while at the same t…
  washingtonpost factchecker agrees  our new tax reform plan will bring relief to working families
rt  speakerryan  great news→ the house just passed an overwhelmingly bipartisan  comprehensive overhaul of the irs  this restoration of ove…
  accountingtoday   private companies more optimistic after tax reform  tax reform
we can accomplish more by working together  in a bipartisan way  towards building awareness  improving treatment an…
today is arkansas drug take back day  visit the link below to find a drop off location for your unused prescription…
 asgsr is writing in support of the proposed nasa re-authorization for fy18 and fy19  we are particularly supportiv…
thank you  alzassociation for the work you do for the 170k people in nj w/ alz  endalz 
rt  austinscottga08  we re a little over 7 hrs into the  fy19ndaa  mark-up  still much more to go  you can watch live here 
 breaking   chairman  repgoodlatte statement   it is clear that the decision to fire former fbi deputy director andr…
announced today my 16th va enrollment & benefits clinic for south jersey veterans needing assistance with benefits…
rt  usnavy   breaking   u s navy accepts delivery of future u s s gerald r ford  our first new aircraft carrier design since 1975 -
this is great economic news  read here 
rt  scottwongdc    republicanstudy chairman  repmarkwalker   69 other house rs send letter to tax conference leaders urging them to preserv…
got pizza from capone s in toms river tonight and discussed school safety w/students  any conversation about this s…
rt  miss_sue22  excited to see  repdavidyoung leading the effort for cotesting  pap   hpv test  with the intro of a letter calling on hhs…
generations of fl growers need help from  mickmulvaney  secretarysonny  realdonaldtrump  speakerryan in order to save our citrus  carterevans
today was abby s last day as an intern in our dc office  i want to thank her for all of her hard work this semester…
in case you missed it  catch up on the latest edition of my weekly newsletter 
on the line with  kgvoam talking iran  mtpol
heading to the white house to join  realdonaldtrump for remarks on the benefits of taxreform on american workers …
today  my sitrep bill was voted favorably out of committee  it ensures veterans won t be penalized when their schoo…
joined a bipartisan  bicameral group of 15 members of congress to file an amicus brief in the pending scotus ruling…
rt  cspan    mickmulvaneyomb testifies on budget before  housebudgetgop  housebudgetdems – live online here 

 farmbill  fact check  nutrition title includes 4 priorities put forth by ag democrat colleagues including  contin…
pleased to see the moving american privacy protection act pass this afternoon  it is a much needed step in stopping…
fed  help flows to puerto rico & us virgin islands-tracking  fema progress on delivery of food/water/fuel/shelter 
need a passport  but can t make it to the post office during business hours  the claremore post office will be host…
photo of the guppy inflight 
demanding accountability & ending incompetency   corruption at  deptvetaffairs are not  distractions    potus…
and for those who don t qualify for benefits  these long wait times make getting back to work even harder 
g o p workingfor women hearing live now on
want to rein in the out-of-control federal government  here s how -&gt 
rt  foxandfriends   there s a lot more that needs to come forward and we are going to do everything we can to be oversight for the american…
 what is important is   to move a bill within the calendar year      repjoebarton
yesterday  i presented lt  col  mark young with a congressional tribute  honoring his 35 years of volunteerism in c…
rt  stevescalise  i challenged  samspressshop to a scooter race  here s what happened next 
 positive change can t happen without open & honest dialogue between elected officials & their constituents  …
rt  reploubarletta  us goods exports to canada totaled  266b in 2016  goods imports totaled  278 1b in 2016  trade deficit
my op-ed in the  edenprairienews  we re already seeing the benefits of tax reform
my conclusion  as a freshman member  is that congress doesn t have the political will to address the budget outcome…
washington simply cannot continue to bankroll reckless  billion   regulations on the backs of hardworking americans 
i ve found the plug - please pull it mr president 
icymi utpol
rt  secretarysonny  speaking to fl media after meeting w/producers  some in citrus say their losses could be 100% of crop  irma did a real…
even more great taxreform news  this time from a georgia-based company 
16 years later  we continue to honor the memories of those taken from us too soon and the heroism of our first resp…
welcome back my friend  you are a true fighter and it is great to have you back   stevescalise 
i m excited and honored to address this year s graduates of my alma mater   lsu  geaux tigers
unfortunately  the balanced budget amendment failed to get the two-thirds majority vote needed for passage  even th…
wi governor  scottwalker urges support for h r  2 s important  snap  reforms  now is the time for our country to bre…
calling all  ok2  veterans  a member of my team who specializes in veterans casework will be at my claremore office…
today i joined the newnan-coweta chamber to talk about how our economy is continuing to grow and thrive because of…
enjoyed talking with  aarpne this morning about the need to ensure ruralhealth providers can serve nebraskans of a…
rt  nppc  nppc applauds the efforts of  repdavidyoung and his 85 colleagues for their efforts to fix199 a  a provision that is having unint…
thank you to all of the military spouses across our great country  you make tremendous sacrifices in order to rais…
great news for covington county  andalusia elementary school was just awarded a  20 000 art grant to bring in profe…
iran s aggression is deeply troubling  israel faces a grave threat from this radical islamic regime  which has onl…
rt  robbinwiupdown  thank you for the southern hospitality  so nice to meet  greggharper today at the wwii monument with kelly lyons  thank…
felt good to be home in henderson co & canton   athensreview shared what 5th district texans are most concerned abt 
 nacionelita can you recommend a good college for science and engineering  sassywithmassie
i will continue to work with the  usarmy to expedite the process  johnson countians deserve this land back for prod…
rt  foxbusiness    speakerryan commended the positive economic impact of tax reform on small businesses  small business week
h r  5675 has passed the full cmte by voice vote
last night  i joined the town of brooklyn at the dedication of a new water fountain  i enjoyed getting to meet the…
california layoffs become rarity  unemployment claims at 12-year low tax reform
rt  jim_jordan  5  did peter strzok  lisa page  or bruce orr work on the fisa application 
rt  speakerryan  american businesses are growing and hiring more workers  trillions of dollars are coming back from overseas to be re-inves…
former  uidaho sprinter  sam michener is set to make his olympics debut for team u s a  as a push athlete on the…
i will be taking questions via twitter  tweet   me your questions using ask joe wilson & i will try to get to as many questions as possible 
that s funny  i appreciate the thought  i am focused on representing the hardworking families in mid and northern m…
today  i sat down with members of the  usacehq and discussed ways the corps can better communicate with m o07 s con…
thanks for stopping by  community health centers are so important to so many in minnesota 
tx-17 has 4 teams that made the sweet 16 in the men s and women s ncaa basketball tournaments – the most of any oth…
  housegop has taken repeated action to understand and combat the opioid crisis  we have launched investigations …
thank you to  deschutesbeer for taking the time to meet with me yesterday & show me around your impressive facility…
i was proud to support  potus and our military as we busted the sequester that has been hamstringing our readiness…
rt  househomeland  chairman  repmccaul on national guard deployment   people forget that border security is really national security  
rt  inglejohn1973    mactxpress talks more about defense business board s report of  125b in waste at  deptofdefense 
interesting discussion today with  mschlapp  dsafavianesq &  jaredkushner about criminal justice reform 
dent  trump attacking gop leaders is  just stupid  via  msnbc
rt  usenergystream  joe barton u s  representatives  r-tx   distinguished confirmed speaker 3rd washington oil gas forum2017
i remain opposed to eliminating the salt deduction & will keep fighting to protect nj04 from being taxed twice 
this morning i joined  repfrenchhill for a discussion of upcoming banking legislation and global economic policies …
the american people should be able to read what i did in that briefing room  it s time to release the memo 
joining mark larson today at 10 05am  pst   kfmb 760 am 
rt  waysandmeansgop  tune in now to our full w&m committee hearing on how tax reform is working for american families across the country  …
rep  sensenbrenner statement on the passing of wi state rep  bob gannon 
as a father  i want to help keep our children as safe as possible  i m proud to have voted in favor of the student …
disturbed  usda has spent decades & countless tax    breeding kittens for experiments & then needlessly killing the…
rt  foxbusiness    repjimrenacci on trade   what you re seeing with this president is someone who is going to make big  bold decisions but…
deuteronomy 4 8  or what great nation is there that has statutes and judgments as righteous as this whole law which…
thank you muskie  donna terrell   fox16news  col  todd  dr  fitz hill and the exodus project for putting together t…
under sb 1  california s gas tax will go up again next year  and our state will have the highest gas tax in the nat…
the government funding bill  potus signed into law last week helps protect the unborn  prolife
date  wednesday  october 18th  2017 time  6 00pm to 8 00pm location  marquette township town hall 1000 commerce dr  marquette mi  49855
tax reform is fueling economic growth  t x24-based exxonmobil  announces additional  50 billion us investment over…
rt  abc  73 years ago today  u s  marines captured mount suribachi and raised a pair of american flags over iwo jima 
rt  nasaedu  today at 1 35pm  et   tune into  nasa tv to watch  csbsju students in minnesota ask  astro_sabot &  astro_maker questions abou…
tulsa world editorial  weather forecasting bill a winner on many levels
tune in  i m having a great discussion this morning with lisa espinoza on  klmaradio965fm  thanks for having me on 
wishing you and your family a happy saint patricks day 
rt  natewin_network  congressmen  daveloebsack and  repmullin co-sponsor communications jobs training act of 2018  check out the details of…
rt  nflplayerengage  seeing a need   rcobb18 has stepped in to help underprivileged children in green bay and tennessee  nflpe 
congress alone has the authority to allocate funding   doj  circumvented congress to promote political agenda 
 soleilani  dombek13 i don t know it  if fed   given to an abortionist it is irrelevant that other services are provided 
next week  tuesday  april 10th at 5 30pm  i m hosting a telephone town hall for jones and onslow counties  to recei…
thank you to the wonderful staff and volunteers at the community food pantry in sabetha for having me  i appreciate…
recently  2 chemicals were discovered around the marine corps landing field in atlantic  nc  while working to disco…
rt  freebeacon    gopleader blasts democrats  opposition to pompeo s nomination   pure politics 
great morning at the harlem s brown sugar festival in hendry county  janet taylor has done so much for this communi…
thank you  petesessions   repcheri &  cathymcmorris for your testimony on your experiences & support for down syndr…
icymi  we re acepting artwork from cny high school artists for this year s congressional competition --&gt 
enjoyed the opportunity to visit with  oklahoma4h students today in dc 
while i may no longer be an asset on the battlefield  as your congressman  i still go to work every day with the sa…
praying for all of the victims involved in the tragic shooting in parkland  florida today 
rt  timothy_cama    secretaryzinke says he supports reintroducing grizzly bears in washington s north cascades  rep…
rt  repjoewilson  at the  hascrepublicans hearing today  i questioned expert witnesses  army secretary mark esper  navy secretary richard s…
this month i signed a letter to request clarification from the fmcsa on cdl and eld exemption requirements  pleased…
we are praying for all of those affected by the tornadoes and damaging storms across  va05  last night  if you would…
farmers are critical to ensuring americans have a reliable supply of domestically produced food on the table …
it has been a great pleasure to serve with  speakerryan in the people s house for nearly 20 years  he is a real wor…
rt  sencapito  the tax cutsand jobs act is bringing much-needed relief to families  workers  & small businesses across the country  thanks to…
rt  housegop  thanks to the tax cutsand jobs act  small biz owners now have the opportunity to… ✓ invest in their employees ✓ grow their busi…
each year on president reagan s birthday  we are reminded of his lasting legacy as a conservative leader and great…
rt  reggiebush  this might be a dumb question so i m apologizing ahead of time but who audits the irs  how do we know exactly where our tax…
rt  housegop   hbd  to america s 3rd president  thomas jefferson 
great news from eagle manufacturing who plan on adding six new positions and investing in new equipment because of…
rt  housegop  the flags of the  uscapitol are lowered to half-staff to honor the courageous men & women of america s law enforcement who ga…
honored to receive  uschamber s spirit of enterprise award again this year  proud to support a legislative agenda th…
president obama is trying to defend obamacare at the capitol today  we need real solutions – not a failed bill that has hurt americans 
fact check  true ✔️
rt  waysandmeansgop  read chairman brady s full statement 
yesterday  i joined  richzeoli on wpht to discuss tariffs and trade  check out my full interview here 
america s jobs boom and the gop s growth agenda via  ibdeditorials
 fl25  residents  planning a trip to dc  make sure to call our office to see how we could help you with a tour of th…
proud to support  hr3312   which establishes a process for banking regulators to review institutions under a risk-ba…
the farm bill will give the support  stability  and certainty american farmers & ranchers need to provide food secu…
rt  repmiketurner  these physiological episodes are not individual incidents  at this point we have an aggregate of these mishaps that poin…
rt  waysandmeansgop  with our new tax code  you get to take home more of every hard-earned paycheck  here is where to look on your pay stub…
don t space out or you ll miss this morning s subcommittee hearing on  nasa s fy19 budget  lead by  congculberson …
i am pleased that my bill  h r  5655  the camp nelson heritage national monument act  passed the  natresources comm…
rt  khackbusch   markamodeinv2 thank you for visiting the land of the huskies today  we the people 🇺🇸
wishing health  peace  and joy to all those celebrating  happy hanukkah 
iran s actions against israel last night show why america must continue to stand with our closest ally in the middl…
rt  sbgc2c    hurdonthehill on barbara bush   she was witty  kind  intelligent  she is a role model for all of us on how to behave as a hum…
rt  waysandmeansgop  bloomberg markets   reports out thursday showed recent tax cuts buoyed americans  spending power in january  unemploym…
but my favorite part of the day was when one of my own kids came to work with me  along with his whole 8th grade cl…
rt  housegop  putting more money back into your pocket was our mission with tax reform  every day  we are hearing the exciting news of fami…
lance corporal zack addington represents the selfless courage that s cultivated in  ga09   and i m excited to see th…
chairman  rep_stevewomack   simply put  tax reform is working   yesterday marked the last time americans will file…
i supported a bipartisan house resolution to designate february as national career and technical education month  t…
tax reform
 education is the key to unlock the golden door of freedom   - george washington carver celebrating public school…
icymi  my anchorage office will be relocating and opening on june 7th  for more info  click here …
last night i held a teletown hall with almost 2 500 constituents from the 26th district to hear your concerns and i…
icymi    repdavid joins me as a guest on the first-ever podcast by  jecrepublicans  main street economics  listen 
i ll keep advocating for children in sw wa and across the country to have access to quality health care  thank you…
led by principal sonya smith-watson  nitro rocks  cse_chameleons during teacher appreciation week     fortbendisd
rt  repadams   repmarkwalker & i started the first ever bipartisan  hbcucaucus internship to give  hbcu  students an opportunity to intern o…
glad to help  erie_insurance celebrate their 93rd anniversary at last week s  topping out  ceremony in downtown…
it was great to have sheriff tim carter  shencosheriffva testify before  housejudiciary yesterday on school safety…
 bobsmileycomic preaching today  newsongbismarck proving being a christian can be lots of fun 
community mental health centers are incredible resources for hoosiers and play a critical role in the fight against…
breakfast tacos got us like 😋🌯 great catching up with t x23 s  congressionalac winners  maria & sandy  in my offic…
rep  sensenbrenner is holding 32 townhall meetings in oct starting tomorrow in slinger  full list available here …
rt  gregfenves  with the new texas advance commitment  u t austin will foster upward mobility by expanding guaranteed financial aid to new s…
great tour of phpk technologies - as part of  acibc  their work contributes to our national defense and o h15 s loc…
chairman  repgoodlatte   today s hearing examines the devastating effects of class actions on the availability of i…
i m joining  jackpattietalks this morning on  wvlk  tune in now 
happy national ag day to the farmers  ranchers  and producers who work around the clock to feed our nation  i m prou…
to help fight the opioid crisis and prevent excess drugs from falling into the wrong hands  drop off your old or un…
the opioid crisis must be addressed from every angle  and that includes stopping synthetic opioids from entering our country 
my full statement on  potus  realdonaldtrump announcement to recognize jerusalem as the capital of israel 
chairman  rep_stevewomack joined  sendavidperdue and  djheakin today at the  housegop    senategop retreat to discu…
rt  repwesterman  talk small yall continued in arkadelphia with a visit to hamburger barn  it is a small business that is thriving and creat…
the house recently reauthorized the essential air service – a critical component of our infrastructure that connect…
republicans have delivered on our promises this year - we repealed the onerous individual mandate  cut taxes for jo…
rt  j_bird30  thank you  claireccozad  reppaulcook for taking the time to meet with  alspublicpolicy  alssac
next stop on my tax reform tour in wisconsin today → adams electric  a family owned and operated business that is h…
any tax reform legislation must retain the state and local tax deductions  hard working new yorkers must not be taxed twice 
our amazing military wouldn t be what it is without the support of friends  family  & most importantly  spouses  th…
privileged once again to have some lively and informed discourse with the engaged members of the greater harrisburg…
don t forget – applications for military service academy nominations are due by friday  october 14 …
very honored to receive the 2018 guardian of seniors  rights award from  60plusassoc for working to protect medicar…
today   housegop passed a bipartisan bill that provides relief to small banks  banking
breaking tonight  i just voted for legislation fully funding the glri for next year and it passed the  houseappropsgop  good news for mi 
tune in tonight at 10pm on  brctv11 to see my interview with  scrawford_brc11  we discuss my efforts to combat the…
the holocaust showed the depth of the human capacity for evil  learning this history is critical to honor its victi…
reminder  i m hosting town hall meetings this weekend in whitewater and greenfield  i hope to see you there  you ca…
rt  moblum  thank you  repsmucker for your leadership & sponsorship of  usaworkforce tax credit we must fix the skills gap  edtaxcredit50 h…
h r  5272  the results act  as amended  has been reported to the full cmte by voice vote 
 sanctuary  by chayton davidson  a junior from  hseschools  received honorable mention during this year s congressi…
president trump did the right thing in ordering strikes on syrian chemical weapons and military facilities  we must…
nearly a dozen people in the fort pierce area have been diagnosed with glioblastoma – a rare form of brain cancer …
bloomberg  disney to give employees  1 000 bonuses in wake of tax reform
breaking  my sixth bill in this congress—since jan 2017—just passed the house  with broad  bipartisan support …
rt  housegop  police officers truly are heroes in blue  this week  let s honor those courageous men and women  like  reprutherfordfl   dave…
rt  aelizabethclark   partisanship should never get in the way  of rights of victims    -  judgetedpoe
heavy snow in dc not keeping ca trucking association from joining me in introducing the drive-safe act  my bill in…
proud to join  larighttolife and hundreds of pro life marchers in pineville/alexandria today  together we show the…
rt  rep_stevewomack  i am pleased that  energy responded favorably to our request to terminate the doe/clean line partners agreement  it is…
thanks for joining us 
today i testify on behalf of my constituents & the thousands of veterans in need of lifesaving transplant procedur…
thank you to all who have served  veterans day2017
rt  thepressofac  lobiondo leads congress in lung cancer legislation  new study
just in  sbc members introduce 2018 national small business week resolution
thank you president  realdonaldtrump for your leadership in the fight against the crisis next door 
enjoyed visiting with kimball high school students this morning  thanks for having me  longhorn pride  ne03 
the music modernization act introduced today would update laws designed to govern music rights in the pre-digital ag…
as we transition into a new year  i like to reflect on the ways we ve been blessed in the past year and then the ho…
it s what roomies are here for 
i m infuriated  as are mainers who depend on critical services  with what we ve seen in the past week—congress brin…
the constitution mandates that congress provide for the common defense  the house is working to fulfill this duty today
good meeting with the  midentalassoc today to discuss oral healthcare issues 
 ambassadorpower 20 bipartisan members of u s congress commend ur leadership  the time for  un armsembargo on…
breaking --&gt  the house has passed the tax reform bill off to  potus  it s time to deliver tax relief to middle-class…
rt  rickchisa  thank you  repdavereichert for the gr at discussion  you and your staff hav always been top-notch to pse  w a edu
it s  potus time  housegop retreat 
a favorite family tradition   a huge turnout for williams county fair foundation maple syrup festival  terrific panca…
be sure to sign up for my newsletter to stay caught up on the latest in wisconsin and in washington ---&gt 
i enjoyed taking questions from students and florence residents at last night s town hall meeting on the campus of…
great discussion on veterans  health care  thank you for meeting with me  our nation s veterans deserve the best 
we need to differentiate between those we mad at verses those we are afraid of  opioids and illegal drugs are destr…
icymi  here s my interview on  foxandfriends this morning  talked about my 48-page report on mueller  video …
israel is our strongest friend and ally in the middle east  i commend  potus for keeping his promise and moving the…
rt  speakerryan  breaking news→ the house just passed the tax cuts and jobs act  cutting taxes for middle-income families across america  h…
on veterans day  we honor the many men and women who have served our nation  please join me in thanking the veteran…
happy to hear that pres   georgehwbush is out of the hospital 
this morning i m providing a legislative update at  greenecountyoh s legislative breakfast 
balancing the budget and ultimately paying down debt is a national security  a moral and an economic imperative
honored to have the opportunity to deliver a message of hope  encouragement  and inspiration to the women attending…
watch rep   toddrokita deliver his opening statement as the committee explores opportunities for the bureau of indi…
rt  hascrepublicans  live  chairman  repmiketurner leads tacairland hearing on f-35 joint strike fighter program - tune in here 
rt  transport  in case you missed it in cq  faa authorization headed for house floor next week read it here   cqnow…
rt  jessicaditto45  today  ivankatrump and  ustreasury will discuss all of the positive wage hikes and savings from  realdonaldtrump s tax…
i asked ssa s acting chief of staff why this plan is taking so long  she mentioned previous problems & that all options were on the table
today the gao will release its 1st report looking at agency efforts under its new framework for managing fraud risks  9/12
more excellent news for maryland workers   mccormickspices is sharing its tax reform savings with its workers throu…
as womens history month comes to a close   repcurbelo reflected on the incredible women in his life  his mom is a ta…
congratulations to all of the families in  cny  that finalized adoptions this morning at the annual…
rt  housevetaffairs  committee leaders  drphilroe  repmikecoffman  repjackbergman  repbradwenstrup support  potus executive order on mental…
out of every 1 000 rapes  only 6 perpetrators will go to jail  this is unacceptable  we need the abby honold act to…
tonight after votes i will speak on the house floor in support of pro-life pregnancy centers in the  nifla v  becer…
on this day 50 years ago  our nation lost a great leader  today  we remember dr  martin luther king jr  and his leg…
encouraged by news that  potus is looking at re-entering the  tpp   this is good for our economy and for natl  secur…
rt  aaronmanley_thd  us rep   boblatta visiting  rdc5120 this morning
psalm 63 3-4 because your lovingkindness is better than life  my lips will praise you  so i will bless you as long…
rt  housecommerce  full cmte convenes first of two markups on legislation aimed at combating the opioid crisis along with consideration of…
recently toured the impressive renovations at  hudsonschoolswi & spoke with officials about the best ways to keep o…
click here for a story from  wbtv_news on four  nc10  towns that received a grant to combat the opioid epidemic in a…
today s opening of the united states embassy in jerusalem finally fulfills a commitment that has been made for deca…
thank you  reptimmurphy for your work to fix mental health care  your bipartisan solutions to this challenge are a framework for the future 
rt  sltrib  congressman — and veteran — chris stewart asks people to honor sacrifices of military members and their families
lk  the shift away from full-time employment by many employers has created lasting effects for the avg  millennial  g o p future
reminder  the congressional high school art competition is in full swing  my office is currently accepting entries …
ca senators fail californians on drought again 
rt  housecommerce  chairman  repgregwalden  sub comm tech chair  marshablackburn pen op-ed outlining plan for broadband infrastructure bill…
 i am honored to be recognized as one of the most bipartisan lawmakers in congress     when all voices are heard  t…
i m kicking off my 2018 town hall meetings this sunday at the germantown village hall  you can find the event detai…
michelle has worked in my office for 7 years & rose to chief because of her tenacity  political acumen  and hard wo…
great night in tabor at the fish fry for tabor fire and rescue 
rt  usgsvolcanoes  the summit eruption of kilauea volcano turns 10 soon  watch monday at 6 15 am hawaii time as we co-host a facebook li…
the hearing on general debate for ndaa and hr 23  gaining responsibility on water act has started  watch live here 
god bless the brave men and women who serve and protect our communities every day  we should honor our police offic…
brenda and i wish everyone a blessed easter sunday 
i continue to oppose the current tax bills because of the negative impact on new jersey and will vote no today
january is national blood donation month  donating one unit of blood can save as many as three lives  learn more ab…
what a remarkable group of students  it was a pleasure speaking with so many young leaders  thanks for having me 
rt  cathymcmorris    housegop members are sharing taxreform stories from home & the tax cutsand jobs act is becoming more popular every sing…
joining  judgejeanine tonight on hannity to discuss the strong stance  potus has taken against russia and north ko…
government is shrinking  the economy is growing  federal taxes are decreasing  and more americans are confident about the future 
the subcommittee on financial institutions and consumer credit met today to explore opportunities and challenges in…
    and all of those who believe in a free  democratic and independent syria  &gt &gt 
  completecollege  two extra years on campus increase student debt by nearly 70% among students who borrow   g o p future millennials
georgians tend to stick together  great meeting with  secretarysonny today to discuss trade  timber  rural broadban…
congratulations 
rt  natresources    secretaryzinke has done what the obama administration refused  he prioritized the lives & well-being of alaska natives…
today  congress fulfilled its duty to resume funding the federal government  this cr will extend funding for chip f…
stay up-to-date with my latest by following me on  instagram  username  repseanduffy
today i introduced a bipartisan resolution to designate the week of memorial day as great lakes week to celebrate ou…
i asked mr  brune what ssa is doing on this front & what role ssa s special assistant u s  attorneys play… 2/6
congrats to  northhallhigh on their first-ever wrestling state championship   ga09 
shoutout to  kraftheinzco for organizing the rise against hunger event this morning to fight global hunger and malnu…
honored to receive the 2018  ifda thomas jefferson award for working hard to increase economic opportunity and redu…
strong bipartisan support for the nuclear waste policy amendments act  which protects taxpayers  our communities  a…
today  we introduced legislation that would require additional oversight by ferc in an effort to stabilize rate increases in the u p 
  laila_inspired thanks for your question  i try to attend as many events as i can  please call my district office…
rt  reptomemmer  cfpb s  double the data  rule is not just ineffective and costly  it also poses a threat to americans  privacy and data se…
america s national parks play a vital role in our booming economy  it s time to fix our parks  ensuring their beauty…
biased content filtering is an important issue most people show up to discuss   diamondandsilk were there …
wishing washington s eighth district a happy easter on this joyous day  ✝️
today  the house passed h r  1900  sponsored by myself   repbeatty   pattiberi and the rest of the ohio delegation …
our committee has been among the most productive in congress  and we re offering real solutions that help the econo…
rt  waysandmeansgop    repkevinbrady   … already  paychecks are rising at the fastest rate in more than a decade  unemployment claims are d…
i had a great meeting this afternoon with the  michigan4h state youth leadership group  terrific young leaders in a…
happy teacher appreciation day my grandmother taught in a one room schoolhouse in richey  tough job  so much respect
this week i m voting on bills that will help combat human trafficking here in the u s  end trafficking
straight from the latest ca high speed rail authority  bullet train up from  64b to  117b — a 46% increase  when is…
in falls creek jefferson county this afternoon at eagle scout court of honor for dubois scout eric bradford   bsa   nesa 
rt  boblatta  editorial in today s  findlaycourier on sexual harassment in congress   fortunately  u s  rep  bob latta  r-bowling green  is…
teachers in  ny21  and across the country work tirelessly every day to ensure that the next generation can achieve t…
chairman  petesessions released the following statement thanking  speakerryan for his unwavering service to our gre…
great time at  kusinews this morning talking tax reform  immigration and other important issues 
rt  chesapeakebay  thank you  robwittman for meeting with us today and for supporting the ches bay  save the bay
we need to reform the processes that are holding projects back 
save our water act c adrought would suspend water releases by agencies to adjust river water temperatures for fish
 peterthiel is moving because of left-leaning politics in the silicon valley  might i suggest texas instead of la 
looking forward to speaking with  outnumberedot today at 1 05 on  foxnews  tune in to join the conversation with us 
rt  freedomworks  freedom fighter recipient   repscottperry
there s a trust gap between taxpayers and the irs  and the irs s information technology systems are a good example of why 
here s what  tx07  residents needs to know about the fy18 omnibus houston
 housejudiciary  gopoversight we look forward to reviewing the information to better understand decisions made by d…
rt  abigailcbn  there s a bipartisan effort underway on capitol hill to put an end to congressional hush funds and restore millions in tax…
rt  repdlamborn  i support  repjbridenstine s liquefied natural gas  ndaa  amendment  lng exports create jobs  strengthen global energy & en…
 shanegraber1 i m fighting to make these lower rates permanent 
today we remember dr  martin luther king jr   a father  husband and a leader of the civil rights movement  thank yo…
russian trolls will stop at nothing to disrupt american energy dominance 
today  i stopped by the p a w s4 love event hosted by the  aspca 
rt  secshulkin  in signing this executive order   potus  realdonaldtrump has provided clear guidance to further ensure our veterans and th…
our nation s military continues to protect our values & freedoms with some giving their last full measure of devoti…
rt  whitehouse  after announcing the united states  recognition of jerusalem as the capital of israel  president trump quickly and efficien…
 the goal must be to reinvigorate the tradition of scientific inquiry  what the crisis teaches is that the scientif…
 buckjones7976 👍 i stole it from a friend who coins such terms  he s an mit professor  
both parties have the same goal of wanting to improve the lives of working americans  but we must all be better at working together 
rt  reploudermilk  today s questioning of the honorable  stevenmnuchin1  secretary to the u s  department of treasury  at the  financialcmt…
at a hearing of the house  transport & infrastructure committee  i presented the concerns raised by my constituents…
on this day in 1908   usarmyreserve was established by congress  over the past 110 years  reserve soldiers have par…
i m hosting a military academy night on wednesday may 30th where students  parents  & educators are welcome to come…
congrats to  pmavu  winner of  energy s 2018 race to zero student design competition  exciting to see the next gene…
this week  i introduced h r  5628  the access to increased drug disposal  aidd  act of 2018 along with…
rt  senmikelee    tedcruz   repmarkmeadows   jim_jordan and i agree  doubling down in support of obamacare bailouts will not work  we need…
rt  housegop  more benefits more bonuses more money more jobs more is better → the tax cutsand jobs act
  repbyrne is right  we must get to a 355ship fleet 
happy birthday to the army reserve 
rt  houseagnews  house ag approves hr2 agriculture & nutrition act   conawaytx11  today s vote was about america s farmers & ranchers - abo…
rt  hascrepublicans  live   10 chairman  mactxpress joins  sundayfutures to talk iran & national security - tune in on  foxnews
my deepest condolences to the family  friends  and co-workers of sgt  mark baserman  the johnstown community mourn…
great visiting  apple s new campus in austin today  we talked about the importance of teaching coding in schools an…
proud to have a commander-in-chief who recognizes the threat of isis and doesn t treat them like the  j v  team  …
rt  housescience  📺 tune in    vp convenes the second meeting of the national space council  watch live here ⤵️
we will never forget the sacrifice of those who answered the call to serve pearl harbor remembrance
rt  realdonaldtrump  austin bombing suspect is dead  great job by law enforcement and all concerned 
i m joining tim farley on the  morningbriefing in just a few minutes to talk about our nation s opioidcrisis – the crisis next door 
i ll never forget the moment i first learned about the despicable palestinian law rewarding acts of terrorism  i wa…
i am urging the u s  senate to pass my bill  the stop act  to stop taxpayer funding of sexual harassment settlement…
it was great to be among good friends at the mlk interfaith prayer breakfast this morning to honor the legacy of ma…
just published  my op-ed with  reprickcrawford & rep   rogermarshallmd makes the case for fixing american agricultu…
nothing will ever eclipse this special day 35 years ago  happy anniversary  mylene 
rt  houseappropsgop  tune in at 10 am as  tomcoleok04 chairs a subcommittee hearing on the fy19 budget for  hhsgov   secazar testifies  htt…
rt  warrendavidson  human trafficking  financialcmte hearing today working to end human trafficking  using all financial sector resources t…
god bless our brave men and women in blue thin blue line
troubling report from  freedomhouse on global press freedom in 2018  too many independent journalists working overs…
despite a massive compromise put forward by  realdonaldtrump  potus  senate democrats left the table with  daca  rec…
back in dc after two productive weeks in  mo03   this week  cfpbdirector mulvaney will testify before the…
 houseadm_dems  rodneydavis  repzoelofgren  repcomstock  repraskin  repmarkwalker  repadriansmith  reploudermilk…
rt  repmialove  my bipartisan bill  hr4771  would allow small business owners a chance to get a loan from a community bank  my neighbor in…
in a letter led by rep  lance  n j    the gop lawmakers called on ryan to allow  immediate consideration  of the fi…
my bill provides a tax credit to help people prepare for hurricanes  check it out 
the release of these three american prisoners is another solid  leading indicator that the pressure put on north ko…
i am proud that the lhhs appropriations subcommittee bill reflects americans  priorities  from cancer research to e…
toured  cascadecommco and discussed the importance of broadband services in rural  ia01  - much of our economy depen…
our small businesses are thriving  which means bigger paychecks for working families in the susquehanna valley 
rt  baylorwbb  sweet as ever  make it 🔟 consecutive sweet 16 appearances for the lady bears  sic em rise as one ncaa w 🐻🏀
rt  housegop    cathymcmorris  we owe it to our service members to make sure they have the tools and resources they need to safely train  r…
want to take a deeper dive into issues and solutions related to jobs and the economy  visit …
 houseadmngop to mark up regulations for house  stem  competition tomorrow at 11 30 a m  watch at
members of the military construction  va subcommittee mark up their fy19 bill  which provides  96 9b for…
rt  freedomworks  omnibust  ampfw 
on dec  26   fema will open its application for the assistance to firefighters grant program  for more info on elig…
problems at the  irs  include  ☑️management failures ☑️customer service problems ☑️unusual rulemaking
we cannot continue to spend money we do not have  a balanced budget amendment should be enshrined in our constituti…
we need to adjust course instead of potentially decimating local industry in northeast wisconsin  like our beer pro…
music is no longer written on piano rolls and our laws shouldn t be based on that technology any longer either  the…
following the recent devil s garden roundup  there are now currently over 200 horses available to go to loving home…
 the key here is to realize that the status quo is unacceptable  rep graves on the need for  acdc 
rt  hascrepublicans  congress passed the bca  was supposed to move us to cut mandatory spending - it has not  defense has seen the greatest…
 repadams  bcbsnc  hbcucaucus great work  repadams 
rt  sjharkins  mayor  andyschor assessing flood damage this morning with  repmikebishop and supervisor hayes 
it was an honor and privilege to speak at the victoria veterans day ceremony this morning  i thanked our veterans f…
rt  vp    potus & i met w/ joint chiefs at the pentagon & received an update on our great military & impact of a gov t shutdown on our arme…
rt  ap  breaking  us employers added 200 000 jobs in january  paychecks rose at fastest pace in 8 years 
i m happy my staff could show the harris family from crosby  tx  pictured left of the statue  and the palermo fami…
happening now   reprobwoodall is managing the rule for the fy18 budget resolution on the  housefloor  watch live on  cspan 
today we are all hokies
forty percent of our nation s food supply is wasted and we must confront this issue at farms  grocery stores  resta…
 home depot is awarding its hourly employees in the u s  a one-time cash bonus of as much as  1 000 following the p…
the house and senate have passed the fy18 omnibus   providing full funding for the remainder of the fiscal year 
with the 2018 hurricane season around the corner  ensure your home is hurricane strong  check out these mitigation…
it s hard to imagine there aren t nine democrats who will vote for the longest reauthorization of schip ever  6 years   schumer shutdown
anyone who voted to shut down the government voted against chip funding  funding our military and the best interest…
rt  energydepsec  thank you  housegop whip  stevescalise for hosting a very productive offshore energy & maritime industry leaders roundtab…
reminder  tonight at 7 15 p m  et  we will be hosting our third  va05  telephone town hall meeting of 2018  dial-in…
at  housescience today  i discussed the importance of ag research & education in securing our country s food supply
great having pleasants county commissioner jay powell with us for today s round table with  potus 
i remember as a kid looking forward to watching billy graham s television specials  he was a great man of faith who…
we can t thank them enough for their service to our nation  may god bless them and keep them safe during their time overseas  2/2
sunny central oregon day
irc power update - current outage for city of vero beach electric is 17 000  power has been restored to 3000  working on remaining 15000
you had one job  tax day
president trump s strategic engagement on the korean peninsula is yielding tangible results  three americans held…
rt  foxnews    jim_jordan   mr  rosenstein has to improve the way we get the information that we re entitled to    foxnewsnight
exciting news → t x23 s palo alto college has been named a finalist for the  aspeninstitute s 2019 aspen prize for…
rt  reploudermilk  small business week
 comey s memos show the president made clear he wanted allegations of collusion  coordination  and conspiracy betwe…
thank you to don atkinson for his service to our country and for stopping by my cedar falls office to share his sto…
the city of ogdensburg has a rich history that has spanned 150 years  i was honored to provide an entry into the co…
claim  the new tax law only benefits the wealthy  fact  every income level will receive a tax cut as the new tax…
joining  repgoodlatte  repmccaul &  repmcsally today to introduce conservative immigration bill   wsj published ou…
martin luther king jr  this mlk day   ive been to the mountain top  and i ve seen the promised land     we  as a pe…
today i stood before skaneateles lake to announce significant aid to help our communities fight harmful algal bloo…
signing onto a letter to urge  houseintelcomm to release the memo 
rt  wpdeabc15  people of marion enjoy  coffee with your congressman 
testified at  housejudiciary on a balanced budget amdt  from fiscal solvency to protecting domestic programs  this is a bipartisan issue 
shortly  i will be helping pay tribute to frederick douglass on his 200th birthday  he fought for freedom for all …
here is this week s  housefloor schedule 
today chairman  replukemesser led the first hearing of the task force for the american worker 
chairman  usreprodney announces subcommittee chair changes   judgecarter will chair the military construction  va s…
u s  rep  johnson tours hickey metal fabrication in salem   salemnewsoh
california s water hole via  wsjopinion
kicked off the day in johnson county with thoughtful questions and discussion at st  rose middle school  in09  →
rt  tedschubel  our community salutes  the fredericksburg area honors high school seniors headed to the military 
our spring jobs fair is fast approaching  if you are a business owner and would like to participate  please check o…
appointment of chris oliver as ass t admin of noaa fisheries is the right pick for ak and the nation …
about to be on foxnews with  judgejeanine to discuss isis  8 30pm central  tune in  justice on fox
learn more about the lautenberg amendment and this important lifeline for refugees here 
 2 of 10  celebrate idaho day  another item from 43 facts about the 43rd state  idaho entered the union as the 43r…
icymi  the house passed several bills this week to strengthen national security  learn more  
mail carrier tab eigenbrodt knew something was wrong when his customer didn t pick up the mail for 3 days  his resu…
gina haspel is a trailblazer  ass kicker & patriot who will be the first woman to take the helm  cia & i think it s…
some april snow for our coffee hour today in hillsdale  thanks to everyone who joined us 
great to talk with folks in breckenridge  thanks for coming out   tx11 
today  i toured the  fedex ground distribution facility in evansville  this state-of-the-art facility employs more…
we in congress are charged with solving our immigration problems  and i am here to help  we need to have people …
the obama-era iran deal was poorly negotiated  failed to permanently stop iran from acquiring nuclear capabilities…
from examining the lessons from hurricane harvey to asking mark zuckerberg hard questions and making progress on ou…
tonight we are one step closer to honoring ed s legacy  thanks to  senjohnhoeven &  senatorheitkamp for helping she…
i applaud those that stood w/ ak & helped us defeat  usfws rule seizing ak s authority to manage fish & game …
a heavy heart and prayers for the families after the tragic death of  epcsheriff detective micah flick  the 11-year…
rt  housejudiciary  this week  congress is addressing the lack of immigration enforcement and the spread of sanctuary policies that have ha…
my family  staff  and i send our most heartfelt thoughts and prayers to all those impacted by the tragic event in new york 
our farm s getting ready to plant corn in this new field  🌽  we re glad to finally be putting seed in the ground th…
rt  vets_dol  join us in recognizing up to 300 job creators for their investments in recruiting  employing  and retaining our nation s vet…
important note for  mn02-  the gop doesn t have 60 votes in the senate  this bill requires 60 votes  democrat suppor…
even after backpage shuttered the  adult content  portion of its website  ads for sexual encounters with underage a…
another example of how the tax cutsand jobs act is helping american workers across the country--&gt 
roll tide from the capitol this evening  i m pumped for the c f b national championship game 
rt  waysandmeansgop  icymi  ways and means approved three bills to improve access to affordable  quality health care
my statement on  sotu  -&gt 
rt  dloesch  this probably should have been established before he was allowed to twice take the stage  once in a rally speech before the to…
rt  waysandmeansgop  tax cutsand jobs act is making a real impact on americans  monthly budgets  💰 90% of american workers are bringing hom…
with the deadline for filing federal tax returns just a few weeks away  hoosiers should take care to ensure you are…
rt  driaballochlaw  glad to have the opportunity to visit with  reptommacarthur  s office today  as always  we appreciate their warm welcom…
it was great to hear from  diamondandsilk today in the  housejudiciary hearing re  filtering practices of social me…
for more information on the importance of  fosta  & the fight against online sex trafficking  see my op-ed on…
this breakdown shows exactly why the i r sreform package recently passed by the house is so essential …
h r  5684  protecting seniors from opioid abuse act has passed the full cmte by voice vote
rt  ilfarmbureau  yep  that s  rodneydavis planting soybeans in macon county   il13  plant18
another organization recognizes north carolina as one of the best states for business jobs
incredible   this shows depth of anti-trump bias  which included  secret society   on top of that  fbi  failed to p…
day 6 for 31 reasons4 tax reform→ families shouldn t have to wade through 100 pages of instructions in the tax code 
rt  yosemitenps  hwy 41 is closed from oakhurst to wawona  there is no access to yosemite along hwy 41 due to the railroad fire  photos usf…
proud to join my colleagues in a bipartisan vote for the largest pay raise for our nation s men and women in unifor…
happening now  the subcommittee on national security looks at the obama administration s diplomatic relations with…
at 10am  the full committee will consider the va air act  stream the markup here 
breaking  house follows up historic tax reform by passing multiple bipartisan bills to redesign the irs for the fi…
rt  natresources    interior is celebrating national park week with free entrance to all national parks on saturday  april 21  find your par…
rt  justinamash  myths and facts about  s139  and  usarights   know the truth and protect your rights 
rt  senrubiopress  introduced cuban airport security act with  repjohnkatko because castro regime remains a national security threat 
 replizcheney will be managing the rule debate for h r  3017 - brownfields enhancement  economic redevelopment  and…
what a blessing from god it is to have my friend and colleague  stevescalise back at work 
rt  housegop  rt to recognize military appreciation month 
rt  vppresssec    vp is talking taxreform w/  repscottperry   secretaryacosta & pa biz owners
excited to welcome perkins native &  okstate grad  conner carroll  to my washington dc staff
thinking of our vietnam vets today  a grateful nation appreciates your service and your sacrifices  vietnam veterans day
while  senatemajldr says  we had an agreement with the democrats  on the spending bill     i would point out that w…
good luck to the nittany lions in tonight s nit championship game at  thegarden climb with us  pennstatembb we are
looking forward to joining  realdonaldtrump at  farmbureau s 99th annual convention in nashville today  farmers fee…
calling all  nj11  student coders  join my  congressionalac to compete against the best and be nationally recognized 
national champs   congrats to the dwu women s basketball 
rt  housecommerce   sdut  reason member op-eds from chairman  repgregwalden   repbuddycarter   repjoewilson   repbillflores   genegreen29 …
congratulations to kaila smith  katie beth lupton  olivia parker  michelle sheaffer  chetina cloud and matt mcgarry…
had a nice visit with will burney today of pell city  burney is in town with the american…
rt  housesmallbiz    repstevechabot   i m privileged to hear the stories of every day americans waking up at the crack of dawn to pursue th…
this week  hardworking american truck drivers will be rallying in dc and across the country for relief from burdens…
i proudly represent colorado s 6th congressional district  which includes the city of aurora  brighton  centennial …
  mrsb1stgraders thanks for your question  ask buddy
rt  vp  karen and i are praying for barbara bush and the entire bush family tonight 
today   potus signed the  ndaa  which gives our troops their largest pay increase in eight years and provides critic…
rt  matteroffacttv  do we need to return to  citizen legislators   a bipartisan group of lawmakers want to limit terms in federal office t…
rt  senmikelee    repdesantis and i agree  we need a higher education system that works better for more americans and their families  the h…
rt  repchuck    mactxpress and i visited  y12nsc and  ornl today in tennessee today  to learn more about our visit 
what an amazing run so far by  kstatembb  congrats again to coach weber and the cats who will now face  bvnw grads…
  senatemajldr – get rid of the legislative filibuster for funding bills  senate majority should be able to do wh…
military spouses deserve to know if their active duty counterpart opts out of sgli coverage  my amendment holds th…
thrilled to see these students enjoying the books donated by my office to raisin city elementary school  thanks for…
rt  neilwymt  standing room only crowd for  enerblu_info announcement of nearly 900 high-paying jobs for eastern kentucky 
san antonio paper  marshall owns the track & field world  3 5a in 4 yrs   fbmarshalltrack  marshallbuffs  tmhsbuffs
good news for  ny21   parts of glens falls and johnsburg have been recommended by nys for inclusion in the federal o…
rt  acufoundation  with a a c u frating of 89%   repjoewilson has earned our 2017 conservative achievement award for his dedication to conser…
rt  riponadvance   i m proud that my provisions and others i supported were included in the fy 2018 omnibus  to help folks in my district a…
honoring those who protect and serve  co06  this national police week 
when small businesses are strong  america is strong  i am proud to continue to fight for  fabfoursinc and the over…
rt  foxnews  ag sessions   open borders is a radical  irrational idea that cannot be accepted    the united states of america is not some  …
today is the third time i have voted to fully fund our troops for the year and give our brave men and women in unif…
rt  usglc   i think it was…general mattis who said   we can either provide foreign aid or we can start buying more bombs and bullets   and…
thank you all for taking time to meet with me 
it was extraordinary meeting with these two great individuals and i m proud to be a cosponsor and supporter of h r …
rt  waysandmeansgop  we are committed to providing real tax relief to american workers  middle-class families  & main street job creators h…
rt  financialcmte  date change   federalreserve chairman powell will now deliver the semi-annual monetary policy report to congress on tues…
tune in live around 7 35 am pt  10 35 am et  i ll be joining  msnbc s  halliejackson from  cd2  to discuss the issues important to nevadans 
thank you  johnboozman  sentomcotton  rep_stevewomack for welcoming me to arkansas  it was an honor to speak at the…
release the memo obama  guarantees  no corruption in fbi or doj in any case   guaranteed  full stop   watch 
yesterday i spoke on the house floor in support of the nuclear waste policy amendments act   ga12  is leading the wa…
we finished the day with a roundtable discussion among business and community leaders in warren and bradley county …
a little snow in dc won t stop me from enjoying some perry s ice cream  sending best wishes for a very happy 100th…
let s revive civility 
rt  speakerryan  strict overtime pay caps have led to retention and recruitment challenges for the  secretservice  this bipartisan bill ens…
mothers day may be over  but thanks to the tax cuts and jobs act  moms will continue to benefit from an expanded child…
15  why did fusion gps founder glenn simpson meet with russian lawyer natalia veselnitskaya before and after her me…
rt  housegop    reptomrice  companies large and small throughout our district are hiring more employees  raising their pay  and i m so very…
 regulatory reform not only promotes individual liberty and a flourishing economy  it also supports constitutional…
rt  robert_aderholt  19 of the missiles dropped on the syrian chemical weapons program were made right here in alabama  the lockheed joint…
hope no one was seriously injured in today s train crash  prayers for all involved  debbie and i were not on the train  we are driving 
 mosesthegolden1  indivisibleteam  govtrack vulgarity suggests a lack of intelligence coupled with arrogance  y do u use it 2 express urself
wearing blue today on human trafficking awareness day  i m proud to have supported the put trafficking victims first…
our national parks currently face an  11 billion maintenance backlog  preserving these national treasures for futur…
happy national pet day to all pets  but especially our  dc  office 🐶 riggins & district 🐶 winston  ronald reagan & ge…
rt  rxsummit  rxsummit  rephalrogers  my gosh  here s an army  people engaged in every aspect of this battle we find ourselves in  and i a…
during teacher appreciation week  special thanks to all of the art teachers who inspire their students to think crea…
today  the committee will mark up  repmikebishop &  billpascrell s bill securing the international mail against opi…
rt  reptipton  happening now   cfpbdirector mick mulvaney is testifying in  financialcmte on the bureau s semi-annual report  catch his tes…
rt  repandybarr  happening now → i m chairing the  financialcmte monetary policy and trade subcommittee hearing on the foreign investment r…
i view it as a great responsibility to bring nebraska s voice to the table in discussions with negotiators  govern…
rt  repandybiggsaz  thank you to our colleagues who joined us in urging a vote on right to try as soon as possible  give them hope  steveking…
the house passed new sanctions on north korea  you can either do business with the usa or north korea but not both 
congratulations to my friend  mike pompeo  for being confirmed as our next secretary of state  he is going to do gr…
rt  repjeffdenham  thanks  replamalfa   farenthold   repmikecapuano  repzoelofgren &  rephuffman for joining me today at  cahsr  hearing - i…
nothing says national pecan day in texas like some good ole pecan pie 
rt  foxbusiness    darrellissa   we re already very heavy contributors  we re not takers from the federal government    we will be paying h…
thankful to join fellow nevadans today to observe the 65th annual national dayof prayer in carson city
 potus in the face of global threats  president trump has been steadfast as commander-in-chief  standing strong aga…
xavier bravely saved another young man s life and it was wonderful to honor him with this special recognition last…
rt  stjohnsupe  due to continued issues & repairs associated w/sub-freezing conditions  all schools will close on friday  january 19th  see…
in celebration of national engineers week  i enjoyed meeting with students and staff who are a part of colorado s s…
enjoyed visiting with  okstatesga members in my office this afternoon  thanks for stopping by  go pokes
rt  financialcmte  three full committee hearings this week  first one starts today   10am et  ⇩
voting is open for the 2018 congressional art competition  visit the gallery to view all of the submissions from tx…
selena quintanilla perez  forever our tejano music queen  was born  otd  in 1971 in lake jackson  texas 
happy st  patrick s day  may the luck of the irish be with you  whether you re irish every day or just today  plea…
congratulations selinsgrove high   pa10  selinsgrove high honors chorus to perform at inauguration via  dailyitem
rt  repmccaul  thank you rep  brooks for your support of my bill  the childhood cancer star act  that will increase research and treatment…
zell miller  former governor and u s  senator  served our state and nation with integrity  we thank him and his fam…
congratulations to senator sessions on his confirmation  he will be an outstanding u s  attorney general 
my op-ed in today s  postandcourier   
i sent a follow up letter to  ustreasury seeking an advisory opinion on recent changes made to the new york state t…
rt  repbuddycarter  our tribute to former senator and georgia governor zell miller is starting now  tune in &gt &gt &gt  g…
this important legislation will create a grant program to train students  teachers  school officials  and law enfor…
while the schumershutdown continues  monday morning my staff and i will be in our offices working as usual to do the people s business 
congratulations to assistant chief tom dodds on being selected to serve as  austinfiredept s interm fire chief  you…
it is a bipartisan bill that stops taxpayer settlements in sexual harassment cases  and it passed the house today…
on april 12th  we remember the six million innocent men  women  and children who were slaughtered during the holoca…
happy saint patrick s day 
karen and i would like to wish everyone a happy and blessed easter 
we re all in this together  kebrightbill  stay safe 
rt  plcranching  watch live   natresources  the weaponization of the nepa 
rt  houseforeign  chairman  repedroyce s opening statement at hearing on u s  cyber diplomacy
icymi  check out my latest newsletter to learn more about historic funding for chip that has been signed into law …
rt  amandainthenews  jeff duncan issues statement on decision to withdraw from  deeply flawed  iran deal
rt  repgoodlatte  on the house floor today ➡️ the stop school violence act provides a multi-layered approach to identify threats and preven…
rt  natresources  healthy trees are the best trees  🌲🌳arbor day
headed to a  housejudiciary hearing on the challenges and solutions of the opioid crisis  watch live here 
looking forward to receiving a response to the letter  chuckgrassley   senjoniernst  and i sent yesterday  answers…
april is world autism awareness month and i m proud to support congress4 l i u b in support of the 3 5 million americans…
lila cockrell has devoted her entire career to our san antonio community  the first female mayor of our city  lila…
rt  ron_nirenberg  enjoying  hardball with  evanasmith  with  reprwilliams and  mlb commissioner rob manfred at the  wittemuseum  s a conver…
rt  marshallmdfrd  heading to helena today to participate in a working group meeting with rep  zinke to discuss his draft bill called acres 
as a new father  i can t imagine the parkland community s heartbreak  no matter who you are  we all want the same t…
i voted to avert a government shutdown  and now i am refusing any pay while the government is not funded and will b…
great event today with  flprism on invasive species management and the importance of the great lakes restoration in…
rt  jnewsome3  fully loaded  oocl europe  8500 teu vessel on her way out of charleston harbor on a monday morning  exciting month for the…
earlier this year i dropped off books from the  librarycongress and met a few of t x23 s young readers at the eagle…
my deepest condolences are with the family of the individual who passed away during this morning s accident  karen…
earlier today --  housejudiciary moves to stop last minute regulations harmful to american workers and businesses 
about to join  wfmy to talk about fema recovery efforts in guilford and randolph counties and my  newsobserver op-ed on the  ncaa  
merry christmas from the capitol  🎄
reforming the permitting process is an important step towards rebuilding our country s infrastructure  i m looking…
rt  waysandmeansgop  live  this morning at 8 30am chairman  repkevinbrady will be on  foxbusiness s  morningsmaria with host  dagenmcdowell…
 matthew49290250 i dont seek a national following but i do seek to get the truth out  very glad to have 45k twitte…
best of luck  keep making us proud here in southwest alabama 
this afternoon bipartisan legislation i introduced  the 21st century irs act  passed the house by vote of 414-3 to…
i m live with  foxnews  happeningnow talking to  jonscottfnc about my new bill to protect the privacy of us citizens 
while our nation faces many challenges  i am confident that together  we will be able to conquer them head on  wha…
rt  coachbrown_fhs  isaiah 58 11 ashleystrong
5 reasons i m voting no on the continuing resolution that funds obama s entire liberal agenda  tcot
questions on ip issues & strengthening the music landscape  music modernization act  is the most promising music cop…
 huffpost is leading defender of voter fraud  only one fraudulent vote could determine the next leader of the free…
i am proud to recognize  centralstate87 professor jeremy winston s service by presenting him with the third annual…
this short-lived agreement between the previous administration and iran s supreme leader should serve as a reminder…
rt  houseappropsgop  the committee has a full week of budget and oversight hearings  view our schedule here →
rt  housegop  the tax cutsand jobs act is pro-family  through and through  thanks to the ✅ doubled child tax credit ✅ preserved child & depen…
rt  carrie_byington  congratulations to dr  ruth j  simmons inaugurated today as the 8th president of  pvamu and the first woman to hold th…
lots of great questions from the upson-lee 3rd grade class today  thank you for having me 
icymi - my op-ed with  congculberson in the  houstonchron ⤵️
rt  speakerryan  the new tax code was written with everyday families and small biz in mind  enjoyed sitting down with  repkevinbrady   repc…
joining  marshablackburn   lamarsmithtx21  &  repbrianbabin in calling for suspension of all resettlement services 
my veterans day message 
rt  reppaulmitchell  while some offices in washington closed today due to a little snow   repmikebishop and i are michiganders  our offices…
rt  alzdelval  alzheimer s advocate tom brophy and dvc staffer will reiter met with  repryancostello in his west chester office this week …
from the time a call comes in from a constituent who needs help  they re on the ball  they re vigilant and they don…
rt  housecommerce    repmckinley asking tough questions about the promotion of illegal opioids on  facebook at the zukerberg hearing &gt &gt  ht…
today  we celebrate frederick douglass s 200th birthday  he was a social reformer  abolitionist  statesman  & a me…
the deadline for the congressional art competition is approaching  submit you art by april 23rd …
this is not about regulation  this is about privacy  we have always had privacy standards in the physical space  an…
congress should not have to fight with the fbi to access information we are entitled to  we should not have to thre…
read more about alex   kcchronicle
this international womens day is about working together to support & appreciate the contributions of women throughou…
icymi  last week  i was proud to help the house pass the right to try act – bipartisan legislation to give terminal…
yesterday  while i m in washington  don brown  senior outreach coordinator with my office  participated in macomb c…
due to inclement weather in  nc10   my district offices in hickory  gastonia  & black mountain will be closed today …
in many communities  the school district is the largest employer  teachers  bus drivers  administrators  cafeteria…
this week the house is voting to make some major reforms at the  irs   fairness is our guide and accountability is t…
mayor of la porte  in  blairmilolp talks about workforce needs in northern indiana  i e  skills training …
congratulations to lindsey jensen on being named the 2018 illinois teacher of the year  proud to have this exemplar…
happy 242nd birthday to the united states marine corps  🇺🇸 usmc
rt  repgoodlatte  thurs   9am   housejudiciary will examine the effect of sanctuary city policies on the ability to combat the opioid epide…
tourism is south dakota s 2 industry  grateful to have jim leading the way 
 potus the president spoke with a message of unity and a vision for a brighter future  and i m excited to keep work…
as the president looks to renegotiate this trade agreement  he should do so in a way that strengthens our alliance with south korea 
thank you for joining us this morning  great to have you there 
had the opportunity to see how  walgreens is battling the opioid crisis in  cityblm by providing a safe & convenien…
rt  hascrepublicans  and here we go   fy18ndaa  debate on the  housefloor begins - tune in as  mactxpress leads the debate
rt  newcastlenews  rep  kelly serves the people at city rescue mission
 this tax bill plays in peoria   tax reform
rt  cathymcmorris  we must listen to our farmers & ranchers to ensure they have the support  stability  and certainty they need to provide…
rt  secretarysonny  up to the minute info on irma from  bobbuckhorn  mayor of tampa 
by a vote of 415-0  the house passed the music modernization act bringing the music industry into the 21st century …
rt  speakerryan  senate democrats shut down the government over a bill they have no issues with—a bill that keeps government open and exten…
rep  sensenbrenner statement on the passing of congressman jerry kleczka 
congratulations to the winners of the 2018 congressional art competition   oh15  has so many talented young artists …
it is astonishing to see such a ridiculous assertion made by a former supreme court justice  what constitutionally…
coming up at 2 00 p m  → joint  househomeland &  gopoversight on  dhsgov s  cdm  program  watch live here …
  repjoshg & leonard lance were listed as being among the most bipartisan lawmakers in congress by the lugar center…
our tax bill was written with small biz in mind  for kevin  tax reform has allowed him to reinvest in his hauling c…
rt  tuckercarlson    tgowdysc is here  tune in to  foxnews now  tucker
rt  housebudgetgop  just released → committee working paper on  growing risks to the budget and the economy 
today i am leading  houseappropsgop debate on the floor to fund important fy18 priorities & keep gov working for american people 
 va01  continues to lead in  stem 
ready to join  riskrewardfbn to discuss the p aspecialelection  and why  hillaryclinton could not have been more wr…
it was an honor to present kenneth moore with the korea defense service medal today in adrian  our nation is foreve…
today we officially bid farewell to the old tax code  but tennesseans have already started seeing the impact of…
israeli ambassador to us ron dermer delivered a brilliant summary of us/israel relations & an analysis of iran at c…
rep  wilson says trump deserves credit of korean summit
the fy19 commerce  justice  science subcommittee has approved the fy19 appropriations bill on a voice vote 
every 65 seconds someone in the u s  develops alzheimer s  it why i m fighting for more funding for research and ha…
rt  repmarkwalker  great to highlight the importance of criminal justice reform in the opening statement for our  gopoversight hearing  we…
 scanlon_kate grace act  no government contracts for companies who donate to planned parenthood 
  philmurphynj i urge you to call on my nj dem colleagues in the house to reach across the aisle and fund  chip  
happy 241st birthday to the  usmc  thank you to all who have and continue to serve this great nation  semper fi
tune in live  so happy to be speaking with  tonylamont on  praiseindy about the opioidcrisis hoosiers are facing…
rt  housegop  happy birthday  reagan  we hope you like your  early  birthday present  tax cutsand jobs act 
rt  repmimiwalters  breaking   fosta    my  sesta  amendment was signed into law 
rt  housecommerce  live now  sub energy hears directly from  secretaryperry during hearing on  the fiscal year 2019 department of energy bu…
excellent news for survivors of humantrafficking   polaris_project
pleased to have rep  michaelcburgess s support for my bill to give vietnam helicopter pilots & crew the recognition they deserve   hr4298 
rt  hurdonthehill  if data is the coin of the realm  the lingua franca is coding   ldtc17 
watch my boarding pass weekly update video to hear the big things we ve gotten done in congress this week 
the key to keeping america safe is rebuilding our military  and we are doing just that   potus  realdonaldtrump  sotu 
my statement on the passing of representative louise slaughter 
 kfvsnews we also discussed some of my legislative priorities for 2018 which include securing our borders  cutting…
yesterday  we honored a hero  u s  navy seaman first class warren goodwin  may he rest in peace 
i met with members of the alabama telecommunication association this morning to discuss issues specific to cable an…
rt  housebudgetgop  happening now  the committee will host its annual members  day hearing  tune in live as members of congress share thei…
we owe a debt of gratitude to the brave americans who served our country in the vietnam war  today on national viet…
worldautismawarenessday
🎨 due tomorrow  calling all students in  in05   their parents & teachers  submissions for the congressional art comp…
rt  cantonmuseum  did anyone catch this clip on antiques roadshow this week  elijah pierce s preaching stick was one of the featured items …
was an honor & a privilege to meet rear adm sean buck & his fantastic team yesterday at  mayportcmc  the efforts of…
happy new year  it s been a productive 2017  but there s more work to do  looking forward to another year of delive…
i continue to work on stopping invasive species from entering the great lakes 
glad to have the opportunity to visit with  ffaok students on the capitol steps earlier today 

plowing back into the health care debate  i introduced the rural health insurance act of 2018 
rt  realdonaldtrump  honored to have republican congressional leadership join me at the  whitehouse this evening  lots to discuss as we con…
rt  stevescalise  great news →  mcdonalds is expanding tuition benefits for its employees because of tax reform 
i share the president s determination to rebuild our military forces  all federal dollars are not the same  we need…
 stevewymt  wymt thanks for inviting me  i enjoyed covering so many issues that are important to the people of southern & eastern ky 
don t miss this week s newsletter  sign up here 
congressman griffith s weekly e-newsletter  march madness
i ve long been advocating for a blockbuy  today we take that first step towards making that a reality 355 ships…
rt  abbyjlutz  right now   repwalorski is talking with elkhart residents at a red cross shelter  abc57news
the fountain valley baptist church is serving as a shelter for evacuees  people who need places to store animals ca…
on this day in 1946   un met for the 1st time  since 1946  un has stopped supporting us & grown into a bureaucratic…
aviation safety never should be undermined by the potential for miscommunication  at  rulesreps  i discussed my ame…
to those observing yom kippur may you have a day of meaningful reflection & a peaceful  easy fast  gmar chatima tova
i ve spoken w/ sheriff simonton of lee county re  the shooting incident at dixon hs this morning  & as we continue…
 ca45  veterans  my staff will be at el modena branch library today from 1pm to 4pm to assist you with your dept  of…
rt  hascrepublicans  chrm  mactxpress on manning commutation  sends a terrible message to the world that penalties   swayed by politics  ht…
had a great time catching up with my friends at  talkradio1023 early this morning  thanks for having me & hope to s…
rt  aei  military readiness and early childhood  what is the link  | live event
the shutdown has ended  thankful for the leadership of  realdonaldtrump & fellow republicans who worked to re-open…
radical groups like hamas won t take this move lightly  as we ve seen with the violence on display today  but in th…
griffith honors martin luther king  jr   day
having montenegro as a democratic ally is greatly important as  nato continues to combat russian aggression  especi…
today i took a test drive of volvo s self-driving car as part of my role as vice chair of the…
rt  scottwongdc  trump   let us begin tonight by recognizing that the state of our union is strong because our people are strong    sotu 
rt  natresources    herrerabeutler is right  indian tribes deserve the same economic opportunities as non-tribal citizens  her bill removi…
while americans across the country are scrambling to file their taxes  you can rest assured this will be the last t…
rt  realdonaldtrump  my prayers and condolences to the families of the victims of the terrible florida shooting  no child  teacher or anyon…
rt  nga_gr  thank you  congressmangt for meeting with our members from iga and shoprite earlier today grocers on the hill
congressional badge of bravery ceremony for officer jason falconer
nicole and i are spending the evening at the white house for the congressional ball  we love the christmas decorati…
☀️ it is an absolutely beautiful day in washington - so happy i could share some of it with my district director  k…
it was an honor to serve w/ louise slaughter  & she will be sorely missed  a trailblazing public servant  louise wa…
today  on national vietnam war veterans day  i would ask you to join me in expressing gratitude to the men & women who…
i have spoken to the president a few times this week  and am very excited about what s in store for utah 
thinking about loved ones  our brave men and women in uniform  and giving thanks for all the freedom  opportunities…
due today  our  va05  offices in  cvillecityhall and  cityofdanville are accepting submissions for our 2018 congre…
rt  foxnews    hurdonthehill   the men and women in the cia and the fbi are hardworking professionals that don t follow any of the drama th…
congressman griffith s weekly e-newsletter 7 17 17  a better deal for the american people
rt  teamcavuto  house freedom caucus chair mark meadows to neil  there will be a vote on making these tax cuts permanent  repmarkmeadows ht…
my first read of the day 
when we talk and listen to one another  we can find overlap and work together to get things done  i ve enjoyed work…
we re making our list and checking it twice  first up  keystone 
good news from our nation s capital
hard to believe  un/iaea allows iran to inspect its own nuclear facilities  keeps that agreement  secret  from   
icymi  the new tax law included opportunity zones—a component of our poverty fighting agenda that boosts economic g…
today we remember the allied forces who landed on the beaches of normandy and began the land invasion to liberate w…
rt  govtrack  🔜 h r  4467 by  congressmanhice  strengthening aviation security act of 2017 🏛️
the real winners of taxreform are the middle class  see how in the tax cuts & jobs act →
rt  sandiegocounty  the county will open a local assistance center at vista library on monday to help fire survivors w/ recovery & rebuildi…
rt  rustindodd  final four news   repkevinyoder is working with the state department and nigerian consulate to secure a non-immigrant trave…
at 1 30 pm   robert_aderholt chairs the agriculture subcommittee member day hearing  tune in …
a big congratulations  sen  duckworth 
it s important the house passes the paws act & allows the va to examine providing vets w/ptsd with service dogs  🐕🇺🇸
i would like to take a moment and wish a very happy hanukkah to those celebrating in east tennessee and across the…
great to hear from  davhq and  americanlegion this week   drphilroe looks forward to receiving the legislative prio…
icymi   conawaytx11 delivers remarks at  aei on improvements to  snap  in the 2018 farm bill   the path to prosperity…
this small business week  i m excited to visit with  nc05  job creators  the tax cutsand jobs act paved way to lower ta…
finally  we can get back to work on the critical issues that confront our nation 
hanging out with  wtmjsteve & evan zeppos on  620wtmj  tune in live here 
today s  edworkforce subcommittee hearing examined opportunities to strengthen protections for student privacy
my first read of the day 
taxreform included repeal of obamacare individual mandate  allowing americans to make their own health insurance…
started off the day speaking to the cass county corporation for economic development in  cityofraymoremo  it was a…
headed to washington for votes today  balanced budget amendment to us constitution to be considered this week  i will be voting yes 
on wednesday  the full cmte will hold the first of two markups on legislation to help combat the opioidcrisis  the…
live now  chairman  mactxpress joins  cnn to talk syria & military readiness - tune in now 
rt  edworkforce  on international womens day  chairwoman  virginiafoxx shares stories from a life committed to empowering women to achieve w…
lawmakers   extraordinary  circumstances necessitate clinton special counsel via  dcexaminer
rt  joel_kurtinitis  sources say 88 reps   including  justinamash  repthomasmassie and iowa s own  reprodblum have signed this letter askin…
 patricia123camp patti  in this piece i talked about helping those who are hungry  there is a way to save untouched…
important meeting this week with minnesota association of health underwriters to discuss their 2018 priorities  wil…
instead of working together  senate dems decided to put party politics ahead of 9 million children in need of healt…
chairman  mactxpress - china is stealing & obtaining critical tech info    we need to close the door on that     foxnewssunday
  potus  we have enacted the biggest tax cuts and reforms in american history   sotu  tax cutsand jobs act
rt  hascrepublicans  enjoy defense press corps - chairman  mactxpress ndaa fy19ndaa  ripitenergyfuel
coming up on  varneyco to talk  realdonaldtrump s tax cuts   foxbusiness
congratulations to  chriscassotis on being recognized for your hard work and leadership at  pitairport 
  navient  4 recs to improve borrower success  provide fin  info  simplify repayment  hlp borrowers pay off early  engage w/loan providers  
fema has opened a temporary disaster recovery center in palm coast for those impacted by hurricane irma  details 
chairman  rep_stevewomack during today s hearing with  mickmulvaneyomb   without question  there are plenty of wort…
our new effort to move the immigration debate forward on the  housefloor empowers leadership and each member to cr…
rt  housegop  tomorrow is a big day for america  yes  it s tax day  but tomorrow represents something so much more  it s the last time that…
flags at  uscapitol half-mast to honor peace officers memorial day  always honor those who made the ultimate sacrif…
celebrating opening day with a tbt of myself & mike schmidt  famed  phillies 3b & fellow skin cancer prevention a…
the policies enacted by sacramento democrats to raise gas taxes and make housing more expensive continue to place h…
rt  housebudgetgop  the growth of mandatory spending is putting vital programs like social security and medicare at risk of insolvency  lea…
rt  fcwnow  congratulations to  hurdonthehill -- our 2018 eagle award winner for government fed100 gov i t i tmode…
rt  healthylakes    repbobgibbs calls out the importance of the clean water and drinking water state revolving fund along with  wifia  as im…
here s this week s budget fact  did you know that the budget committee is legally required to receive testimony fro…
thank you  king  richard petty for your hospitality last night in level cross  nc  great time at your place 
great news for florida  thank you  secretaryzinke for listening and responding 
right now  i m speaking on the  housefloor in support of my bill  hr 4771  which will make it easier for small bank…
great to be in ellsworth tonight recognizing vfw meander post 9571 as they celebrate their 70th anniversary 
the taxreform provides ✅= more support to american families ✅= simplified tax process 2✖️ = doubled standard ded…
this week  i met with some of our future leaders  the second graders of  winterville_nha  i had a marvelous time re…
19 of the missiles dropped on the syrian chemical weapons program were made right here in alabama  the lockheed joi…
i m committed to creating a simplified tax code that lowers the tax rate for hard-working americans    
praying for the families of these seven brave individuals who were killed in this tragedy  we must never forget the…
i will be reintroducing the american energy renaissance act along with  sentedcruz opp4 all  heritage_action
rt  repblainepress   ifda as we celebrate small business week  i am proud to support policies that enable the u s  foodservice distribution…
 icymi  from  capitalpress  new federal tax law a plus for agriculture
appreciate the honor   adam_brandon &  freedomworks 
i paid tribute last week to the orono high school boys hockey team  this year s minnesota class a champions
tax day has a new meaning with  realdonaldtrump as president  i have tirelessly fought to make the most out of the…
rt  nssga  tune in today 
muslims & others from the more than 190 remaining countries  including more than 40 muslim-majority countries  are unaffected   3/3 
the hearing on hr 218  hr 2910  and hr 2883 has started  watch live here ➡️https //t co/mejenezys8
this week i ve had meetings about college education  i met w/students from  cmuniversity  and the president of…
budgets are ultimately about priorities  new  republicanstudy budget features a couple of our legislative initiativ…
as the conference committee works on the final taxreform legislation  i took to the house floor to emphasize the i…
thanks to  uab  president ray watts and vice president for research christopher brown for stopping by the office tod…
i was thrilled to join hundreds of maine forestry workers  researchers and manufacturers at the university of maine…
on holocaust remembrance day  we honor the survivors and the six million jewish people and countless others who wer…
on may 5  1984  president reagan established national corrections officer week saying  no group of americans has a…
mayor  libbyschaaf  on what basis is your claim that oakland has   a legal right to be a sanctuary city   federal l…
thanks to lyle for sharing his story with my office as part of the  librarycongress veterans history project  tvt 
my thoughts and prayers are with everyone in the oklahoma state community today  prayers for pokes
great meeting with members of  amdiabetesassn yesterday  i assured them of my continued support of funding for diab…
great news for the wiregrass  the  wiregrassmuseum just received  10 000 to support their youth programs  i am exci…
another big day for  housecommerce  i ll be joining both the sub energy and sub health hearings today  as we hear f…
read  drphilroe s statement following the committee s passage of the va air act 
ray pfeifer was a great friend and true fdny hero of extraordinary courage  ray inspired all who knew him 
it was great meeting with kurdistan regional government  krg  chief of staff to the president fuad hussein and mini…
wish you & fellow teammates best of luck in your sports  keep following your dreams   frank
for 17 terrific seasons  i volunteer coached hundreds of maine kids and young adults from little league to college …
for too long  a complicated and broken tax code has held back american workers and families  that changes today …
  repjohnfaso  today  there are no meaningful work requirements for this [work-capable] population on  snap  and our…
rt  houseappropsgop  tune in now   nih budget hearing with  nihdirector 
rt  westerncaucus  little cloudy but still some breathtaking views for our members and staff today at the grand canyon national park  find…
rt  ready_nation  thanks to  repsmucker for lending his voice to our conversation about the important role postsecondary education plays i…
rt  nj_coalition  next week legislators vote on  fosta   thanks to  repannwagner  repmaloney kevin mc carthy  repspeier & all leading the wa…
i commend  mikecrapo for his work on  s2155   which provides relief from the crushing regulatory environment…
reminding all high school students to submit your art submissions to our danville office by may 4th  you can check…
this afternoon i had a great meeting with  kcchamber about trade and workforce development  thanks for coming to vi…
he s back   congrats to our eagle  kevin zhu  heading back to state as 1 seed   dawsonhighschl  pearlandisd
rt  conawaytx11  during today s  ndaa  markup  i m offering the 12 carrier act as an amendment  it s critical that our military has the resou…
happening now  top management and performance challenges identified government-wide by the inspector general commun…
rt  speakerryan    repbradwenstrup is a hero  today  the army awarded him the soldier s medal for his heroic actions during the shooting at…
rt  aaohnsgovtaffrs  thanks  repguthrie for today s discussion about  ehdi  reauthorization 
on this day in 1920  the first  uscoastguard air station was established at morehead city  nc  coastguard
 the_jimshumway  ups i d be glad to see if we can set up a visit  if you fill out this form on my website  i ll be…
icymi  thanks to our pro-growth policies and tax reform  the u s  unemployment rate has dropped to 3 9%  the lowest…
rt  beckywkeogh  proud of  arkansasdeq s office of air quality and  arforestrycomm for bringing attention to fire management  we re also fo…
52 years after he began his service  i presented vietnam vet david allen with the 6 medals he rightfully earned  th…
rt  senronjohnson  passing the department of homeland security authorization act is an important step to strengthen  dhs   read more here  h…
 watl_news i m working hard to ensure tax cuts are permanent
posey votes to improve veterans care  bring greater accountability to the va  politics
enjoyed attending the ribbon cutting for hill technical solutions  new office in h ville today – a special congratu…
rt  houseappropsgop  don t space out or you ll miss this morning s subcommittee hearing on  nasa s fy19 budget  lead by  congculberson  wat…
rt  surgeon_general  unfortunately the state of tn is no stranger to the opioid epidemic  i ve heard firsthand from  drphilroe about how th…
rt  speakerryan  with the economy soaring and small businesses still struggling to find qualified workers for vacant jobs  it s time we hel…
chairman  repgoodlatte   today  it is clear that the  survivors bill of rights  is more necessary than ever  i am p…
in  ssnalrts  tuberculosis should be a disease of the past  proud to join  repgenegreen to fight for improved vacci…
congratulations to my friend and former colleague mike pompeo on his confirmation as secretary of state  he served…
glad to hear about proposed plans that will help manage and care for our forests so that we can better prevent beet…
which teacher made the biggest impact on your life  for me  it was my first grade teacher mrs  tetzlaff s patience…
  hurdonthehill  this afternoon we are going to discuss the appropriate roles for the public and private sectors as…
mueller has a distinguished career as both a prosecutor & director of the fbi  i was always impressed with his inte…
thanks to the folks from the  jdrfadvocacy minnesota chapter for stopping by my washington office this afternoon
how has obamacare affected your access to care  tell your story at
later today i will vote in favor of the senate-passed continuing resolution to reopen the government  pay our troop…
  repkevinbrady in  usatoday   with the new code  we re also already seeing more jobs  larger paychecks  and new in…
read my editorial in  thestate about the s c r a pact  a bill i introduced to take away members  lifetime benefits 
need help with federalagencies  my staff will be in creedmoor today  northcarolina  nc13  constituentservices
my team is excited to welcome u s  military veterans in  ga09  to a special benefits fair next week  we thank you fo…
rt  houseagnews  must read via  wsjopinion  democrats have attacked the plan with packaged lines that the gop will kick millions off the ro…
big thanks to  oc_forum for hosting me yesterday  had a great time with dr  jack bedell reminiscing about my days a…
barton announces grant for ennis fire department   tx06 
rt  repannwagner  breaking  the house just took a monumental step in the fight to end online sex trafficking  thank you to all of my collea…
many of you have expressed specific concerns on school security in  wi08   and i agree—keeping students and schools…
i applaud senate passage of h j  res  69  legislation i introduced to protect ak s authority to manage fish & game
rt  vaildaily  column by  reptipton   to reduce the risk of  opioid  abuse  it s also critically important to ensure that prescribed opioid…
rt  stevescalise  the small business optimism index just hit a 35-year high 
congratulations to all our recent drug court graduates in eastern kentucky  you are an inspiration for so many who…
tax reform contains one of the largest school choice expansions ever  families can now use 529 savings plan funds t…
longest  sotu  = 89 min  clinton   shortest = 31 min  reagan   guesstimates on tonight 
in hasc hearing from sec of  usarmy   usnavy  and  usairforce on their plans to spend precious defense dollars wise…

the president needs to give the legislative process an opportunity to work  this desert belongs to you  not dc --&gt 
my cmte discussed election administration recommendations for state/local officials to run more effective elections
today  i voted for the balanced budget amendment because government spending & borrowing is out of control  while t…
rt  ascap  the house just voted to protect one of america s greatest innovations by passing the music modernization act to bring music copyr…
i m proud to represent the more than 84 000 veterans in  tx31   our vets deserve access to transplants regardless of donor or location 
i m humbled & honored to receive  acuconservative s award for conservative excellence  i was one of only 12 house m…
not only did the obama administration turn a blind eye to hezbollah terrorism activity  but looks like the    bill…
to the nurses in  fl25  and around our country  thank you  your compassion and care for your patients and their fami…
i applaud  potus for rightly recognizing jerusalem as the capital of israel  there can be no doubt that israel is…
right to try isn t a partisan issue–it s a human dignity issue  people fighting for their lives should have access t…
must read via  wsjopinion  democrats have attacked the plan with packaged lines that the gop will kick millions off…
mother s day is a special day each year where we honor and celebrate our mothers  as well as other influential moth…
happy birthday to speakerryan   thank you for your continued leadership and your unwavering…
hoosiers get it  targeting the constitutional rights of law-abiding gun owners is not the answer  i applaud  potus…
↓ tonight at 9 pm on  foxnews  tune in 
rt  cnbcnow  just in  jetblue says it will pay  every crewmember employed as of december 31  2017  a  1 000 bonus by the end of february  h…
rt  justinamash  just wait till we have the house  just wait till we have the house & senate  just wait till we have the house  senate & wh…
in light of the danger posed by america s massive debt & deficits  i won t support the debt junkie s spending deal…
just in  chairman  rep_stevewomack s statement on  potus  rescissions request 
rt  auctnr1  no votes today but i stayed in town to greet these students & instructors from  cofohardworku in the crypt of the  uscapitol …
it was great to visit with the students and teachers at tony goetz elementary in muskogee today 
getting ready to join  chucktodd on  meetthepress to talk about the latest developments in the russia investigation
read my colleague  rephultgren on the cfpb s dangerous use of personal financial data that puts american consumers…
rt  edworkforce  this week  committee to discuss efforts to promote worker freedom  examine impact of workforce development reforms
my office stands ready to help the baldwin county commission as they identity ways to improve awareness and beach s…
the house passed 12 appropriations bills  the senate needs to take those up rather than cobbling together a last-mi…
it was a pleasure to meet with the consul general and the parliamentary vice-minister for foreign affairs of japan …
pharmacists are on the front lines of the opiod crisis and have an important perspective on how to potential soluti…
welcome home 
next week  senator tim scott and i will release our new book  unified  pre-order today on amazon for only  16 50 
icymi  recently spoke to cbs-21 about my efforts to identify and eliminate wasteful spending in washington 
pleased  houseforeign unanimously passed  hr5141   the u s-  israel security assistance authorization act  which i au…
rt  stevescalise  breaking → congress just voted to cut taxes across the board  come 2018  you ll see more money back in your pocket 
this saturday at 2 00 pm i will host my 68th brick-and-mortar town hall meeting at the smith island recreation cent…
rt  gopleader  americans should be given the opportunity to harness our country s vast medical innovation by accessing experimental treatme…
by lowering taxes for millions of middle-income americans  by doubling the standard deduction  and by getting gover…
the house agreed unanimously  no veteran should be denied transplant coverage ever again 
celebrating those who inspire and touch millions of lives  our world is much brighter because of you 
how does  gregpittman1957  a stoneman douglas teacher  get away w/ comparing  kylekashuv  a jewish student at stone…
en dia mundial de libertad de prensa reflexionamos sobre lo dichoso q somos d vivir en democracia libre  nos unimos a…
during national hospice month  take a moment to learn about your caregiving options & plan ahead  hpm
take a look at my e-newsletter to see what i did this week in washington →
it was an honor to nominate wyatt and i applaud him on his outstanding achievement 
rt  senjohnkennedy  on a live telephone townhall with  billcassidy and  repgarretgraves discussing 2016 flood recovery efforts 
rt  bps101    rephultgren visited  bataviahs today to listen to  incubatorbhs team  safe_plate s presentation and provide feedback on the s…
 nrlc   national right to life  stands in the way of heartbeat protection act  if a heartbeat can be detected  the b…
interested in participating in our telephone town hall on monday  sign up on my vekeo page 
tax day shouldn t be like this  next year it won t be  thanks to tax cuts and jobs act passed by  housegop 
to the educators who shaped us to be who we are today and continue to dedicate themselves to shaping the minds of t…
  realdonaldtrump  i know you are a man of action  in army  when i saw chance to save life  i didn t hesitate  we w…
how about those  astros yesterday  go  stros 
more good taxreform news to celebrate during small business week  survey  small biz workers saw their wages grow at…
the president has announced fema assistance for mid michigan residents following the june flooding  here are detail…
    let us begin tonight by recognizing that the state of our union is strong because our people are strong   -  realdonaldtrump
rt  cathymcmorris    greggharper and i set the record straight  no  the tax cutsand jobs act doesn t hurt the disability community
please read my statement on the introduction of the fiscal year  fy  2018 omnibus appropriations bill 
i cosponsored legislation calling for a balanced budget amendment to the constitution  unfortunately  it failed to…
disappointing that last night house democrats prevented the passage of the righto try act  a bill which would have…
this is great new for  ga03  
obamacare s medical device tax halts innovation  prevents expansion and freezes hiring in warsaw  bloomington  mish…
precisely why  realdonaldtrump is right on israel 
the f i s amemo reveals hyper-political individuals in the highest levels of the department of justice and intelligen…
rt  jim_jordan  12  why did the intelligence community wait two months after the election to brief president-elect trump on the dossier  ja…
i proudly voted today to help middle-income southwest washington families keep almost  2 000 more of their money in…
rt  housejudiciary  deputy attorney general rosenstein is currently testifying in front of  housejudiciary  🎥 tune in ↓
we re marching through south dakota s badlands national park  home to rich sedimentary rock and millions of fossils  hikewith mike
i will be testifying before the veterans affairs committee shortly after 10 am on my bill encouraging congressional…
the schumer shutdown is over  my take 
 noaa is working actively with nasa and nsf to tap into their support of research and space weather modeling develo…
my op-ed ahead of today s  housecommerce hearing with facebook ceo mark zuckerberg -
happy presidents day2018 and god bless 
as i ve said before  shutting down the government would be a failure in leadership  2/3  mepolitics
3rd place-  seafoam mischief  by cami stieren  edwardsville high school
more than three-fourths of all fatal drug overdoses in virginia last year stemmed from the opoidcrisis  this week…
during autism awareness month  let s focus our attention on giving each of these unique  individual kids the tools…
chairman shuster q&a with  mytdot commissioner john schroer highlights the importance of the federal role in provid…
rt  goerie  kelly nominated for constituent service award
this is what happens when we have a us president who leads from the front and prioritizes the well-being of america…
rt  repcuellar  today  i spoke with  repkevinbrady   repjoebarton and the rest of my texas colleagues to discuss the passing of a new harve…
rt  craigcaplan  new house budget chair  rep_stevewomack holds his 1st hearing today & hears from  uscbo director keith hall on the office …
rt  usenergyassn   repjoebarton receiving usea s united states energy award recognizing his contribution to the energy sector u s e a annual m…
  nfib s latest small business survey found that more companies today are planning to invest and increase wages  th…
we have a duty  responsibility and privilege to get water to every part of the world  water is for life …
it s always exciting to be with  ga09  friends in washington  derek and brandi somerville and his fellow marines wer…
farmers and ranchers are hurting  the rural health insurance act is a creative new vehicle to deliver health care o…
  potus approves texas disaster declaration  starting saturday those affected can apply for assistance  more info w…
this national police week  we honor the men and women of law enforcement who gave their lives in the line of duty …
met with reality tv star rick harrison  he is giving a high appraisal to new breakthroughs in nuclear technology 
about to join  foxbusiness to discuss the shutdown and the senate getting back to work — tune in   mn02
icymi via  detnewsopinion --  opportunity zones  on their way
the sub health markup has adjourned 
fact  the farm bill also restores work requirements in snap for work-capable adults  excluding the elderly  people…
executive director of  europol  rwainwright67 spoke with  househomeland members on enhancing our global security &…
glad to see the u s s coronado and her crew doing great work   lcs 
rt  houseagnews    conawaytx11   reptedyoho   repdavidrouzer   repjohnfaso &  repschrader enjoyed productive discussions in 🇨🇦 ahead of  na… 
rt  auctnr1  kudos to the carl junction girls for reaching the state basketball final 4  very proud indeed of these  mo07  student athletes…
i enjoyed learning about how  iecelectronics creates electronic systems for the medical  aerospace  and defense ind…
it s always great to be back in  ok  where i got to spend an uninterrupted week with my constituents and my family …
the circumstances of someone s birth does not define their value and should not determine the outcome of their life…
live with  scotthennen on  wzfgradio for my weekly talk radio town hall  ready for your questions - tune in 
rt  housegop  the tax cutsand jobs act brings another win for the american people →  americanair and  southwestair employees getting a  1 000…
rt  foxnews  tune in   tgowdysc joins  marthamaccallum tonight at 7p et on the story 
 cte  and  stem  programs are essential to fulfilling the worker shortage and getting students into high-paying jobs 
best wishes to mr  phillip dixon  a wwii veteran from summerfield  on his 100th birthday  thank you for your servic…
i can t gush enough about my beautiful wife and forever partner  dee dee  your love and support through the  many  …
federal lands subcommittee - hearing now on discussion draft of  national park service centennial act  watch live -1 usa gov/1ietyxx
rt  nashvillebn  from 2010  ky  congressman  repguthrie shakes hands with former sgt 1st class jolene pitts during the e-town center grand…
this week  as we wrapped up human trafficking awareness month  i held a hearing to gather information on protecting…
 north dakota joined the list of states receiving energy savings benefits from tax reform  nd s otter tail power co…
glad to join  thetrivshow this afternoon to talk  ivankatrump visit to rocky river and of course how we can get tho…
thanks for chatting with me   repderekkilmer  looking forward to working with you in the house reformers caucus to…
rt  edworkforce  breaking →  virginiafoxx   today s decision by the nlrb to reinstate the pre-browning-ferris joint employer standard is a…
watch  day 2 of our markup hearing on h r  1 - tax cuts and jobs act  watch it here  tax cuts and jobs act tax reform
rt  housegop  passed - the make america secure act   maga 
while visiting his cousin forrest  who attends west point military academy  kaiu and his family stopped by for a to…
good weekend with my youth advisory council & other events in south jersey  morning meetings then return to washing…
today i visited the nile addiction recovery treatment center in woodford county  i continue to meet wonderful folks…
check out my latest weekly email newsletter below  where i discuss the harmful trade war  commemorate dr  martin lu…
 icymi  on  outnumberedot  foxnews  we ve been working on this russia investigation for over a year now  and it s ti…
today  we all mourn the passing of barbara bush  and are keeping the entire bush family in our prayers  as first la…
i am heartbroken over the loss & tragedy in texas  my prayers are w/ the families of the victims  the community & the entire state of texas 
 indivisibleca30  indivisibleca48 how could u support clearly corrupt clintons  even after bill s rape victim described hillary covering up
rt  drchamber  leaders of our north texas congressional delegation had a candid policy discussion at today s  drccf17   more 📸 
rt  housecommerce  chairman  repgregwalden s statement on today s white house infrastructure meeting &gt &gt 
rt  riskrewardfbn    repdougcollins on fbi deputy director andrew mccabe stepping aside   foxbusiness  lizmacdonaldfox
lupus caucus co-chair  roslehtinen addressed the house about the importance of continued lupus research and treatme…
rt  uscbo  10 things to know about cbo
in 1992  legislation was signed into law that officially designates may as asian pacific american heritage month  t…
thank you to our capitol police who work hard every day to keep us safe  thank you for your service to this communi…
happy independence day 
tune in to  wmalnews this afternoon at 2pm central  joining  larryoconnor for the hour to discuss my mueller report…
i will be testifying in support of my bill  hr4635   the  peer-2-peer counseling act   in this hearing  catch it…
americans are tired of paying the costs of illegal immigrants  the time to do away with the visa lottery system …
the true hope for america s future is in god s hands       and as someone once said   prayer is the slender nerve t…
felicito  eve_mundial y a los jovenes organizadores del 1er foro juventud y democracia  siempre contarán conmigo en…
hearing from  donnellycollege in kck s leadership about their master campus plan for the future  toured new marian…
rt  repralphnorman  learn more about the positive impact taxreform is having on americans by visiting or text  tax…
rt  farberyanki  irena sendler a non-jewish woman rescued 2 500 jewish children in the dark and black days of europe  she was caught and to…
rt  kyfb  today s across kentucky  congressman  rephalrogers says technology and broadband internet service is the new interstate in rural…
george served in the army for 20 years before beginning his successful career in the private sector  since his reti…
house passes concealed carry reciprocity bill  long overdue  but great step forward for our 2nd amendment and publi…
what an honor to speak at the ms  wheelchair mississippi foundation pageant   enjoyed visiting with the reigning mi…
my statement on the confirmation of mike pompeo as secretary of state ↓
🔜 joint hearing led by  repdandonovan and  repjohnkatko to address challenges of securing our surface transportatio…
our economy is booming  and jobs growth is on the rise  we have had a great first year  and i look forward to worki…
rt  kosovoinus  a great reception on kosova10 by  house_democracy  a big thank you to  peterroskam   repdavideprice   markkirk  and  kwoll…
our brave servicemembers  past and present  put themselves in harm s way to defend our country and keep us safe  as…
today  let us remember the 2 390 americans who made the ultimate sacrifice 76 years ago at pearl harbor 
  portofseattle is successfully connecting vets with jobs  giving them valuable job training & helping them transfe…
rt  cspanwj  bts   repdavid schweikert in the green room with his closest policy adviser before his segment on healthcare
regardless of whether they re here in  pa15  or overseas  children deserve the chance to grow up healthy  educated &…
today i signed a letter to  speakerryan &  senatemajldr to quickly address the unintended consequences caused by se…
i am praying for the victims and all those affected in the senseless waffle house shooting  we thank james shaw jr …
  wisctv_news3   nearly every restaurant in wisconsin is looking to hire    
icymi  exciting news out of red oak last week  i was pleased to speak at the announcement ceremony   tx06 
congress needs full story behind uranium one deal  will be discussing with  trish_regan on  foxbusiness at 2 20 pm est 
glad to see  secretarysonny is working to make the  usda more efficient 
 10 million worth of the synthetic drug fentanyl was taken off the streets in new york city  the packages of drugs…
 dimitrov_nikola u say balkans r stable  mine was suggestion 2 macedonian people   if they can t get along let them follow czechs & slovaks
we can never say  thank you   enough to our nation s veterans  today  we honor those who served in the vietnam war…
i worked extensively on this tax cut bill and this is another example of why tax reform is good for families across…
thank you to the brave men & women from 24 federal agencies who are keeping the u s  capitol building safe for toni…
looking forward to joining  seanhannity tonight on  foxnews at 9 30 pm  i hope that you will tune in 
my glass is raised to  7gdistributing for the important work you do during small businessweek and every day for eas…
it is our responsibility to protect our nation s youth and safeguard them from our world s most heinous criminals 
what i find  disgraceful  is that  potus  realdonaldtrump promised our vets change at the  deptvetaffairs yet incom…
today  at  countbasiethtr  learned more about their great ed programs and entertainment headliners boosting local a…
great to tour  pepsico plant in howell and talk tax reform  pepsi provided employee bonuses all because of the…
good healthcare policy is still possible  housecommerce  housegop
 obamacare premiums will rise 51 percent in philly  but  premium increases might be even larger in rural areas  
my heart is breaking for the community at marjory stoneman douglas high school in parkland  i have lived there  abo…
  abneyrabney thanks for your question  check out ask buddy
assad s killing of innocents with chemicals had to be countered by a multinational response  just a few years back …
it was too foggy to fly yesterday  but i m glad i had to opportunity to meet the  airmethodscorp flight crew at…
rt  brentclanton   lanceroberts w  judgetedpoe   iran nuke deal was not a treay approved by congress  but an obama executive order  because…
time for senate to use nuclear option on govt funding bills  dem abuse of 60 vote threshold is failing troops  sick…
let s break down the question of a gov t shutdown  senate dems are using the 60-vote cloture rule to hold american…
i was happy to help the  cityofaugusta work through the federal approval process with the epa to finally move forwa…
rt  rsidwell  kudos to  repdavidyoung for hosting  immc_trauma to learn stopthe bleed this afternoon  we learned to save a life   surgeonsv…
 rogermarshallmd  kstatembb  kentuckymbb you re on  good luck tonight 
glad to join  potus   senrubiopress   secretaryacosta  stevenmnuchin1   local smallbiz leaders this afternoon  wat…
 michele_kolp michele  i am a cosponsor of h res 401  added my name in oct  2017  — l l 
meanwhile  56% also say they d hire additional employees if those burdensome regulations and taxes were reduced  th…
2-we are grateful and humbled by the amazing law enforcement who put their lives in harm s way to protect our citizens 
rt  vp  my statement on the iran nuclear deal—&gt 
rt  roslehtinen  many of our constituents  family members r being turned down 4 visas 2  us  yet cuban artists  apologists 4 tyrannical regi…
regret to hear about the incident involving my gop colleagues on the way to our retreat  i chose to drive out and am not on the train 
rt  careactionnow  a7  the good news is we already know what works  access to high-impact interventions like voluntary family planning and…
here s what scientists told me in our q and a 
working w/ nj colleagues  replancenj7 &  repjoshg to ensure taxpayers can deduct entire 2018 property tax prepaymen…
very sad to hear fmr  first lady barbara bush has passed  sending my thoughts and prayers to fmr  president…
it was great joining the  naturbanleague s 2018 legislative policy conference today to discuss growing our economy…
rt  flsert  sign up to get emergency alerts  such as evacuation orders & weather warnings  sent straight to your phone-
rt  rareliberty  republicans and democrats join forces to call for repeal of 2001  aumf  war making powers  justinam…
1 in 4 of my constituents have foid cards  i make no bones about it  i support the 2nd amendment and i m proud to b…
rt  housegop  there are countless ways that the tax cutsand jobs act will be better than our old and outdated tax code  here are our the top…
who is excited for the eclipse today 
rt  aaf  fact of the day  since 1974  the president has proposed 1 178 rescissions  totaling  76 022 349 690  of these  congress has accept…
this is positive news not only for our region  but across the country
rt  govtrack  members literally don t have enough time to read some bills before a vote is held  this change sponsored by  reptomgarrett wo…
a special thank you to all of our  ky02  teachers today  world teachers day
town of gerry 9 00am- 10 00am gerry rodeo conference center 4351 rt  60 gerry  ny 14740
50 years later  dr  martin luther king jr  s legacy continues to inspire us to fight for freedom and equality  toda…
law enforcement officers make immeasurable sacrifices every single day and we are forever indebted to those who bra…
heard from local hoosiers with  iaswcd about the importance of conservation programs in the upcoming farm bill  tha…
rt  rodneydavis  today is a good day  welcome back  stevescalise  scalise strong
i appreciate the support of the  ejcwa and their work to further civil legal aid opportunities for those who need i…
rt  danaperino  congrats to  mercyships founders deyon and don stephens  who were nominated by  tedcruz  johncornyn and  replouiegohmert fo…
👍 this afternoon  potus rescission proposal was introduced as h r  3  the spending cuts to expired and unnecessary…
 potus stopped by the capitol to discuss healthcare reform  we will work to repeal the aca and provide better optio…
we have to get serious about changing the way money is spent in washington  i have voted for a balanced budget amen…
wishing a happy passover to our jewish friends  in  ny21  and beyond 
it s always an honor when peers select you to a position of authority  and i take that responsibility seriously  th…
 stetayen  ingrahamangle no  i m winning     
  potus made the right decision in withdrawing the us from the flawed iran deal  which gave too much for too little…
it is appalling to see that the very unborn children who cannot yet speak for themselves have an advocate like…
congratulations jerome powell on being confirmed by the senate to serve as the new chairman of the  federalreserve…
soon  house budget chair  rep_stevewomack going live on  foxbusiness with  cvpayne  tune in 
great financing tool for infrastructure  municipal bonds  more 
great to meet with representatives from the ohio national guard enlisted association  sorry i had to cut it short f…
rt  cathymcmorris  we must fix fire borrowing at the forest service  it perpetuates the problem   congmikesimpson s bill will do that 
today  16 yrs since 9/11  we remember those who we lost that day& the brave heroes who rushed in to help their fellow americans never forget
congratulations to my friend  dreverettpiper on receiving the jean kirkpatrick award for academic freedom at  cpac  
it was great joining  tuckercarlson in studio tonight  tune in to  foxnews at 9pm to watch our full interview 
i won t abandon texas the way ted cruz did new york 
the hearing has started  watch live here 
meet cabinet series  we are meeting with us trade rep robert lighthizer  remember  it s not enough to  buy american   we must sell american 
ed - have answered this before & my mind is not changed  i believe most south jersey residents & americans prefer o…
the committee has reconvened 
glad admin will delay big game trophy decision  we must ensure populations of endangered species are managed respon…
proud to receive the  true blue  award from the  frcdc for my unwavering commitment to religious liberty and other…
combined with the realized benefits of an improving u s  regulatory environment and now our new competitive tax law…
i want coloradans and americans across the country to know that congress is taking action to stop school violence …
rt  austinkellerman  check out what  karkscenes found  from  arkansasonline  before the online   saturday  february 17  1945  arkansas sect…
addiction is tearing apart families & communities across the country  we re losing an entire generation to substanc…
rt  alcardenasfl_dc  in these tragedies there is always an innocent hero who dies so others can live  may mr feis r i p 
  whitehouse infrastructure plan increases use of innovative financing for projects  i agree  i have championed…
rt  houseappropsgop  today  the house will once again vote on an essential department of defense funding bill  it s time this bill is enact…
rt  cahepatitisc  thank you  repdavidvaladao for your leadership in healthcare  it was a pleasure presenting your staff w/ champion of heal…
this is outstanding  excited for big game sunday  south jersey is all in for fly eagles fly
make no mistake  this savings on utility bills is a direct result of the tax cuts and jobs act and will mean even m…
i always stop by the historical sites on the roadside  this marker in judith basin marks ag s rise to the top in mt
also  american families are much safer thanks to the leadership of general h r  mcmaster  and i am grateful for his…
my office is hosting an information session on fema recovery assistance from 4 00pm - 6 00pm today at  lsscedu sumt…
rt  um_dcoffice  thanks to  repwalberg  the 2018 um congressional breakfast keynote speaker  we appreciated your thoughtful remarks on the…
last week i was on washington watch w/ tony perkins  pres of  frcdc  to discuss transgender training in our military
enjoyed being with the team at harris regional hospital--one of our local hospitals in sylva  nc  thanks to the sta…
more good news about the economy  manufacturing is expanding in the us  in fact factories are having trouble keepi…
icymi  my  wtaw1620 segment discussing trade  border security  government funding and more
from rebuilding our military & crumbling infrastructure to immigration  president trump continues to tackle head on…
tonight at 6 30pm  senator tim scott and i will be signing books at seacoast church in charleston  for more informa…
watch  11am cha hearing on priorities of the house officers for fy18 & markup to immediately follow  watch live 
we can only address what we know about   read  about the bill i co-introduced with  repanniekuster   senronjohnson …
the house is acting on important legislation that funds  deptofdefense  deptvetaffairs and  energy programs that pr…
i agree with  speakerryan
this is a historic moment for our country  when  potus signs the tax cutsand jobs act into law later this week  it wi…
i met with mayor nunamaker in fox river grove and also the army corps of engineers in algonquin to discussing the f…
proud to hear that the blm will be honoring  gnordic with the 2017 volunteer of the year award for their contributi…
i am excited to be with  libnofcongress &  parksspot w the ms law library this morning  we are so honored to have d…
i look forward to mr  zuckerberg answering my questions and providing answers to the american people  helping all o…
rt  stevescalise  we re working to pass  repgoodlatte &  repmccaul s bill to secure the border  end chain migration  end the visa lottery s…
gracias  emiliotgonzalez  i m humbled by the honor from  cityofmiami  francissuarez
rt  speakerryan  optimism amongst small biz owners is at a record high  following tax reform  john has been able to create more jobs and gi…
rt  repkhandel  the last tax day using an outdated  inefficient code designed for the 20th century  in  ga6   the average family of four is…
rt  ingrahamangle  cia nominee gina haspell is everything that most of her critics are not--humble  highly experienced  immensely hard-work…
thank you for inviting me to speak  it was a pleasure meeting with the students and discussing how our government w…
rt  kirbywtweets  full story  i compiled the full transcripts of  kathycastorfl and  repgusbilirakis questioning facebook ceo mark zuckerbe…
great  the_news_herald piece on my first of many opioid listening sessions --&gt 
as chairman of the appropriations legislative branch subcommittee  i made it a priority in this bill to reject any…
rt  morningsmaria   replouiegohmert on nafta  trump won t agree to a bad deal
the first stop on the talk small yall business tour with senator  johnboozman was bayou pumps & products  inc  in el…
rt  westerncaucus  today  the caucus called on congress to finally terminate the obama  epa s massive and job-killing wotus rule - necessar…
make sure to tune in 
just announced  next tuesday  treasury secretary  stevenmnuchin1 will testify at our committee to give his annual r…
proud congress &  potus were able to work together to sign the v a accountability act into law  our  ca21  veterans d…
this week s tax reform bill will have a big impact on everyday americans  the average family working paycheck to pa…
don t forget my constituent services day this friday from 10 30am-3 00pm in courtroom c of the pasquotank county co…
hoosier families in every corner of our state have been affected by the opioid crisis  i applaud  potus for bringin…
rt  embassy_of_afg  first lady rula ghani  former first lady  laurawbush &  usafghanwc discussed the importance of empowering afghan woman…
interested in working on capitol hill  apply to intern for my washington dc office  we re now considering applicant…
in saint marys elk county for eagle scout court of honor for 7 scouts from troop 199  bsa  nesa  congratulations ed…
today the  housecommerce sub health is marking up more than 60 bills to combat the opioid epidemic  as we seek to t…
rt  soar_eky  join us in congratulating our blueprint partner people s rural telephone cooperative for launching the nation s first virtual…
 in 2016  maersk and ibm began a collaboration with the goal of digitizing the global supply chain  to begin  we an…
rt  reptedbudd  exciting news from back home for  ncbankers  north carolina could be getting its first new bank charter since 2009 
my colleagues and i called on the navy in a letter to reconsider appointing a secular-humanist chaplain  doing so w…
incredibly saddened by the horrific tragedy in las vegas  let us keep all of those who have been affected in our thoughts and prayers 
muchisimas gracias to temple beth am for bestowing me with this honorary woman of valor recognition  it has been a pl…
rt  gendavegoldfein  i stand with my fellow service chiefs in saying we re always stronger together-it s who we are as airmen
from my family to yours - merry christmas  i hope your christmas is blessed with family and friends  and may we nev…
today we remember a man whose work changed our world for the better  his legacy will live on forever  m l k day
thank you for your service   graceg87  go frogs
we are just 5 days away from tax day  when you submit your tax returns this year  you re saying goodbye to our old…
rt  robertharding    repjohnkatko  congress must renew children s health insurance program  ny24 
acting asst  sec  david satterfield is an obama holdover who is actually in charge of the bureau of near eastern af…
i presented a bill to continue important programs and benefits for veterans  check out my comments on the floor 
on the 45th anniversary of roev wade  we re reminded that we have a responsibility to stand up for the rights of de…
rt  speakerryan  terror is a threat we face together—with our might  and with our humanity too  the us stands ready to help in manchester…
we had some incredibly talented high school students submit artwork for the congressional art competition  congrats…
facebook to feature star-telegram s  titletown  tx  video series
it was my honor to speak at the inauguration of new  ccm_edu president  dr  tony iacono 
i m glad that senate democrats finally saw the light and voted to stop their filibuster and end this harmful shutdown 
rt  repesty  that s why  rosadelauro   johnlarsonct   jahimes   reppeteking &  repmiketurner  & i introduced the brownfields redevelopment…
previewing the  sotu  with  jrawlins6abc - hoping to hear a consensus-oriented speech on infrastructure  immigration…
nice to see with omaha public power district  lincoln electric system  and nebraska public power district  nebraska…
happy 110th birthday  usarmyreserve  thank you to the men and women of the army reserve for your service – today an…
  repclayhiggins and i are safe  praying for all involved and anxiously awaiting more news   
great to have seniors from blackwell high school participate in this morning s town hall meeting 
rt  waysandmeansgop  this week w&m unanimously passed a package of 9 bipartisan bills that will redesign the irs so that it puts the tax…
another great day ahead in  sc03  - started off at a prayer breakfast with constituents then headed over to see folk…
today marks 81 days since the house sent all 12 appropriations bills to fund the government to the senate & still n…
congratulations to santana high school robotics team for reaching the finals of the robotics world championship  gr…
 angelicahale and  herrerabeutler stopped by to have a facebook live chat about kidney disease this afternoon
rt  jefffortenberry  the house has undertaken several initiatives to support our small businesses  including improving affordable access to…
rt  housegop    reptomrice   the land of opportunity  is my favorite nickname for this country and the hope and promise that each generatio…
as  potus continues to listen to america s job creators and world-class workers  we re looking at a tax day that us…
i ve introduced a bipartisan bill to keep the david s sling u s -israel missile defense system moving forward  tcot
the 2018 schedule for pastries with palmer is now up on the website  you can find it here 
i just watched my friend  cathymcmorris on  foxandfriends share about her son cole and the gift he is to the world …
yesterday  chairman brady spoke at  heritage about the success of the tax cuts and jobs act and a possible taxreform…
a allied wwii victory would not have been possible w/o the 160 000 brave soldiers who stormed the beaches 73 years…
it s been long enough  if this government shutdown continues  9 million children will lose health insurance and the…
this week is national school choice week  every child deserves a quality education  learn more about school choice…
rt  waysandmeansgop  today  the house is voting on two bills – the tax payer first act and 21st century irs act – to redesign  refocus  and…
rt  repbradwenstrup  this police week  i am especially grateful to capitol and alexandria police officers who ran toward danger at a baseba…
rt  hascrepublicans  chrm  mactxpress joined  foxnews to talk making america s military great again  fy18ndaa  read oped & watch here 
thank you to everyone who hosted me last week in the district     
great meeting with y all yesterday 
by eliminating costly  unnecessary  and ineffective regulations  president  realdonaldtrump is freeing the united s…
are new yorkers just figuring this out   🤷‍♂️🧀😂
on holocaust remembrance day we remember the millions of innocent jewish people killed at the hands of evil and pled…
make sure to tune in 
thank you to veterans affairs secretary david shulkin for his hard work and service at the va   secshulkin
thank you for coming by with leaders from  wnemtv5news and  9and10news with an update on the latest in your ever-ch…
this afternoon i had a chance to answer questions about trade for members of wa s business community from in and ar…
today s good news stemming from the tax cutsand jobs act  circuit interruption technologies in rogers added an extra…
to all those celebrating  mary grace and i wish you a very happy and blessed easter 
don t forget -&gt  applications to be nominated for appointment to u s  military service academies are due november 1st 
the verdict is in  the tax cuts & jobs act means more jobs & bigger paychecks for southern california families  don…
over  3 billion in bonuses for 3 000 000  and counting  hardworking americans  tax reform is working   virginiafoxx…
day 28 for 31 reasons4 tax reform→ with a simpler code  we can protect taxpayers from waste  fraud & abuse 
thank you for having me  a great event
rt  bizroundtable   reptomgraves thank you for supporting america s workers  employers  and for your commitment to grow the economy  thank…
today i voted in  natresources to restore multiple-use management of columbia and snake rivers  bring relief to ele…
thank you for the kind note thunder bay community health service  our community health centers are vital for the…
on this day in 1850  california became the thirty-first state of the united states  happy birthday  california  🎂
on the house floor in support of  fy2018ndaa   hascrepublicans
rt  harrisfaulkner    jim_jordan my  outnumberedot guest on fbi missing text msgs between two anti-trump agents  watch him
yesterday i had a productive conversation with  surgeon_general about the opioid crisis and other public health con…
50 years ago our nation lost a great man  today  we honor his memory and continue to celebrate his life and all he…
rt  dhsgov  today   uscg men and women stationed around the globe will celebrate 227 years of service  cg227 
mizzou has a great opportunity today  the chance lose in front of a packed arena    let s go   kuhoops  kubball
i always enjoy visiting students when i am back in  ar3   thank you to woods elementary school in fort smith  recipi…
had a great meeting with students from meridian today  they are part of the mayor s youth advisory council & are i…
join me in praying for the victims  all those affected  their families  and the first responders & officers on the…
tune in now to watch fellow arizonans testify in front of  waysandmeansgop to discuss the jobs gap – the difference…
here are my thoughts on  potus first state of the union address   sotu  gapol
rt  repseanduffy    wsj ed board   the overall news from april is that faster growth is paying off for all americans  
this afternoon  i stopped by the boys & girls club of stafford to tour their newly rebuilt facilities  i had so muc…
great to see  flyevv representatives doug joest  executive director  and nate hahn  director of operations and main…
i agree   just five days into 2018 the tax cuts and jobs act has changed the nation for the better   tax reform  tcja 
meeting with  secrichards and local stakeholders to discuss the i-99/i-80 high-speed interchange in centre county …
i thank our witnesses for being here today and i look forward to hearing their testimony  12/12
great touring beaver area high school and talking with students  teachers  and faculty about important issues facin…
it is especially important in advance of president trump s meeting with north korean dictator kim jong-un  to show…
natural resources committee markup 12 13 17  via  youtube
on saturday   secretaryacosta came to little elm to visit an operation finally home construction site that will be…
nobody should be targeted and punished simply for helping expecting mothers with their pregnancy  i stand with…
rt  buzzfeednews  rep  long on pro-trump bloggers diamond and silk being deemed  unsafe  by facebook   what is unsafe about two black women…
watch  tmcf_hbcu president and ceo  drhlwilliams and  virginiafoxx talk about how they first met and the best stude…
inspired by 12-year old preston sharp and his passion for the men and women who have given the greatest sacrifice for this country   sotu 
rt  marcgoldwein  the  republicanstudy committee just released its budget resolution  still waiting for the budget committees    it include…
i m ready and excited for tomorrow s vote to send the tax cutsand jobs act to president trump s desk  this once-in-a-…
our district director  alison  met with  davita today at my corning district office to discuss the delivery of heal…
we re doubling the standard deduction for individuals and married couples this means texans keep more of their hard…
millions of american workers have already gotten bonuses because of the tax cutsand jobs act
 stephaniesarkis my pleasure 
rt  foxnewsradio    repjeffdenham joins today s f o x news rundown to discuss  daca  with  jessicafoxnews  listen and subscribe to this podcast…
i m live  talking with my constituents now  if you d like to participate  dial 866-295-1750 or stream the call at  
with a brand-new tax code thanks to the tax cuts and jobs act  hardworking taxpayers can look forward to lower rates …
those making more than  1 million will pay 6% less  the bill puts more of the overall income tax burden on the wealthy  not less 
on texas independendce day  and every day  i am honored to represent the birthplace of texas 
my first read of the day  like all americans  i am deeply saddened by the events that occurred in fl last week  i p…
rt  repdlamborn  planned parenthood is sinking faster than the titanic 
rt  foxnews    netanyahu   today  the embassy of the most powerful nation on earth  our greatest ally  the united states of america  today…
you bet  natwicassoc  it s tough to find someone shorter than i at the podium 
an exciting day for the us-israel partnership as we celebrate the opening of  usembassyjlm 
rt  diputadosar  ahora 👉🏾comenzó el 2° foro parlamentario regional de inteligencia y seguridad  desafíos en la lucha contra los delitos eco…
rt  dupont_john    lpnews1898 it s back to normal along i-12 in denham springs and many other arteries across the gulf south after icy cond…
rt  justinamash  today   potus signed this joint resolution into law 
rt  reprichhudson  agree to disagree  howard might have worn it better  but you can t stop the madras  march madras
i spoke on the house floor today to share my thoughts on the ongoing schumer shutdown  as well as the classified fi…
rt  novatechcouncil  very glad to welcome  repcomstock and  donbeyerva to the nvtc board meeting this morning to discuss important issues i…
while our citizens are still coping with the headaches and frustration of the outdated 32-year-old tax code  they c…
rt  irrigleadermag  great interview on montana water supply and irrigated agriculture with  repryanzinke
rt  foxandfriends    jim_jordan  the double standard with andrew mccabe drives americans crazy
mary and i wish you and your family a very happy easter 
keeping an eye on these fires and praying for those impacted today in douglas county 
1/2 i am deeply concerned that residents in rural pacific county who are enrolled in premera insurance plans will n…
tune in to the the marc cox show live on fm newstalk 97 1 at 2 10pm central  weighing in on border security &…
what s in the tax cuts & jobs act  ✅ significantly increases the standard deduction to protect roughly double the…
if you missed it earlier  i discussed north korea and illegal immigration on  foxbusiness with  varneyco …
shout-out to the eastview women s basketball team for claiming the class 4a championship last saturday  it s great…
great day so far with  secretarysonny headed to the gulf citrus growers citrus and ag celebration to talk w/ industry leaders save our citrus
 jerrydunleavy i happen to agree with you  i d suggest they read the federalist papers  but since they re so fond o…
great initiative   
canada s unfair milk pricing scheme hurts upstate dairy farmers  i spoke with  globalnews to discuss how canadian p…
i enjoyed meeting with fayette county superintendent  manny caulk  to discuss school safety & the stop school viole…
congratulations to maryland s first lady  yumi hogan  on her appointment to the general richard g  stilwell korean…
  usda is now accepting applications for the community connect grant program to bring broadband to rural americans…
rt  pye  the only breaking news i would care about is that hpsci will conduct real oversight of the ic and stop pretending that the fourth…
great meeting today with marshall pierite  who was elected chairman of the tunica-biloxi tribe of louisiana on sund…
i would also like to thank our academy board chairman captain george siragus and the entire board for serving this…
you can t make this up  wife of the high-ranking obama doj official who met with christopher steele and fusion gps…
rt  realdonaldtrump  i never said russia did not meddle in the election  i said  it may be russia  or china or another country or group  or…
rt  reprichhudson  last week  we said good bye to the old tax code  and with a new tax code  you deserve a new internal revenue service  ir…
rt  reduce_spending  who will tell the american people that the debt service we pay will be greater than our expenditures for the military …
great discussion and questions at our town hall meeting in guymon this morning 
rt  aea  thank you  repguthrie for being an american energy champion 
so far  mickmulvaneyomb  potus  secretarysonny great help w/ irma relief lets get citrus across finish line in november  save our citrus
while we continue to wait for the senate to pass the full repeal we advanced in the u s  house  i m happy to say th…
it is an honor to welcome president  emmanuelmacron to the capitol  our republics must always stand together when o…
i will support a candidate for speaker that will use power of the purse as a constitutional check on the exec branch 
5 reasons i will be voting no on the 2 000  page omnibus bill that spends over  1 trillion dollars  tcot
it was a pleasure to welcome new american citizens today in denver  🇺🇸 thank you to  uscis for coordinating this c…
dynalec corporation first came to new york in 1973  today  it manufactures communication and navigation systems for…
a great program at  delmarcollege is teaching future truckers how to stem the tide of human trafficking 
new year  new tax code → american businesses large & small will have the lowest tax rates in modern history  in fac…
to receive a sentence of 0 confinement will strike many as an outrage & will lead many to question the efficacy of…
rt  houseforeign  it would be unconscionable for u s  government funds to be used for stabilization or reconstruction in areas under contro…
i m very pleased with the ag appropriations bill we ve put together this year to fund the usda & its agencies like…
today  we mourn the loss of  america s pastor   billy graham was a legend and an icon – not just in his own time  b…
rt  houseappropsgop  today  the house will vote on a funding bill that will protect americans by strengthening our borders and better enfor…
today i am joining up with students from sardis high school to clean up debris at jsu   al03… 
rt  interior  the somber black walls of the vietnam veterans memorial bear the names of 58 318 americans who lost their lives in the confli…
bipartisan bill focuses national estuary program funding to meet urgent ecological challenges  politics
tax refrom means bigger paychecks  fairer taxes  and more job opportunities for texans  check out some of the compa…
rt  repbost  farmers know more than anyone the importance of improving soil health & reducing nutrient runoff through conservation practice…
starting at 9 am  members of congress testify before  kencalvert & the interior subcommittee on their fy19 spendin…
i agree with  potus that smart school safety is a top priority  the house is voting this week on school safety legi…
rt  hascrepublicans  h r  5515 -  fy19ndaa  has been posted to  rulesreps ahead of floor consideration next week - view the rules committee…
rt  aan  in  il06   there are families saving thousands of dollars thanks to meaningful  pro-growth tax reform  thank you   peterroskam  for…
rt  natresources  working in a bipartisan manner is what the american people want and expect  today s markup included the passage of sever…
thanks to  floceanographic for hosting a great conversation with community leaders and river advocates to discuss t…
rt  kthompson0  thank you  reptrey for visiting our  walmart training academy to see firsthand our  2 7b commitment to our associates   wal…
great news for the triangle -- inc research announced they would add 550 jobs over the next five years
fun story   meghanmccain  what a great way to celebrate teacher appreciation week 
rt  mainebiz    reppoliquin pushing va to deliver overdue payments to maine hospitals 
i was on the train this morning and i am not injured  praying for the injured and their families this morning 
rt  vp  productive bipartisan mtg w/  houseforeign affairs cmte chairman  repedroyce & ranking member  repeliotengel on the iran protests …
ricky spends his friday evenings with  fox and friends   cooling off from the hot spring days 
after hearing from rural pacific co  residents w/ premera health plans how they were no longer going to be able to…
take a look at this  mysuncoast piece on just-passed legislation to fight human trafficking  sayfie
a compelling case for the importance of the second amendment  every american has the right to defend themselves …
due to harvey  my galveston  kolaches with the congressman  is postponed until september 9  will post new details asap 
congressman griffith s weekly e-newsletter 1 26 18 topics  put arc in the appalachian region
rt  deptofdefense  watch live as sec def mattis and vice chairman  thejointstaff selva testify on the national defense strategy and nu… htt…
anti-jewish stereotypes were key to laying the groundwork for the holocaust  on this holocaust remembrance day  rt…
rt  natresources    interior is celebrating national park week with free entrance to all national parks on saturday  april 21  find your par…
from my family to yours  happy easter  we wish you a blessed holiday with your family and loved ones 
rt  deptofdefense  on the 74th anniversary of the pearl harbor attack  we honor those who made the ultimate sacrifice  pearl harbor74
as a obgyn  i have seen firsthand that life is a precious & beautiful miracle that begins at conception  and i will…
great to be with  katrinapierson & lt  gov   danpatrick discussing tax cuts for america in dallas today  america first
rt  ingrahamangle  you don t want to miss my exclusive interview with  jim_jordan &  repmattgaetz discussing the need for a special counsel…
 barbeckst this year  you re filing under the same broken tax code that was implemented over 30 years ago  next yea…
i m very sorry to hear that my colleague and my friend  mo brooks  has been diagnosed with prostate cancer  i will…
i ve told you repeatedly about my concerns over unwarranted fisa wiretaps  one reason why i voted against reauthori…
rt  speakerryan  →half of  deptofdefense s civilian workforce has to be furloughed  →training for reserves has to stop & guardsmen have to…
this week the house took a huge step in the fight against online sex trafficking  i was proud to cosponsor and vote…
rt  jakevarn  at the  transport hearing w/  secelainechao on infrastructure  repbillshuster brings up asset recycling  here is an explaine…
more good news because of the tax cuts law – main street job creators are expanding and optimism is at a 45-year hi…
the importance of broadband in rural america can t be overstated  though nd is better off than many rural states  i…
looking forward to cheering on  fsuhoops tonight  go noles  march madness
icymi -- upton tours smc nursing expansion project via  patmoodywsjm
numbers 35 16 if anyone strikes someone with a fatal blow with an iron object  that person is a murderer  the murde…
the people have spoken  🇺🇸  sotu 
happy easter c a50    celebrating this day with my family and loved ones  i hope everyone has a blessed day 
as a beacon of democracy  & a sovereign nation  israel should have the right to determine the location of their sea…
discussed the continuing resolution and north korea on msnbc recently 
america s economy continues to boom after working with  realdonaldtrump and his administration to enact historic ta…
  potus comes through for americans again w/ an eo focused on rural broadband  the lack of which is an economic div…
rt  wowopatmiller    repjimbanks on macedonia  planned parenthood  and a national air mail museum
rt  rvvoyles   republicans and democrats in central illinois probably agree on most things      rodneydavis  as he talks about the importan…
rt  govtrack  h r  5439 by  repjimrenacci passed the house yesterday  →senate   to provide for a single point of contact at the internal re…
topics of this week s newsletter include a balanced budget amendment and  housecommerce s hearing on facebook s tra…
folks working in agriculture take their lives at a rate higher than any other occupation  i m proud to support the…
rt  repmarkwalker  the tides of washington come and go  but family is forever  it is with this in mind that speaker ryan has decided to not…
01100100 01100011 01100011 01110000 00100000 01110100 01101111 00100000 01100101 01111000 01100001 01101101 0110100…
the american people have a right to enforcement of our laws & a right to a sealed border  illegals have no right to…
getting ready to go on  foxbusiness and talk with  lizclaman about tax reform  tune in now 
glad to visit with the students and see the hightech biomanufacturing  programmableautomation & other great…
tomorrow is small business saturday  support our small businesses and shop local 
🚨 happening now ↓
rt  senorrinhatch  *fixes glasses* this website has proven to be very interesting of late 
lance said in an interview that he voted no because of his concern over the state and local tax deduction 
cool standards will have a huge impact on mi  read my op-ed 
thank you  cvshealth for placing a new in-store drug disposal kiosk at the  cvspharmacy in dallas  pa  safe and con…
 breaking    the senate just passed my old town me jobs bill  clearing the way for the bill to be signed into law …
rt  iiicorps_cg    reprwilliams and  judgecarter visited the baghdad operations center to witness iraq s enhanced capability to provide s…
this week i met with law enforcement & training officials about possible solutions for improving school safety  as…
rt  houstonchron  fema offers rebuilding tips after harvey
this week i joined the north carolina congressional delegation in writing fema to support  nc_governor s request fo…
congratulations to buffalo native emily pfalzer and the u s  women s hockey team for winning the gold  usa 
joining brian thomas now on  55krc - tune in 
the syrian regime must be held accountable for its continued use of chemical weapons to indiscriminately kill innoc…
glad to see the commitment of  mickmulvaneyomb &  potus to using every tool in the toolbox to cut wasteful spending 
thanks to the leadership of chairman  repstevechabot  house lawmakers on tuesday approved legislation meant to help…
pikeville has lost one of its bravest sons  officer scotty hamilton  i extend heartfelt sympathy to his family & th…
rt  speakerryan  with each passing day  we see more and more the harm obamacare is doing to america s health care system 
rt  senthadcochran  thrilled that  ummcnews will be leading telehealth in the us  watch live at 1 30 et w/  greggharper  senatorwicker  htt…
will continue to work in partnership with you & your members on critical cancer research funding  thx for meeting w…
 secretaryzinke &  interior dept will hear us loud and clear  new jersey wants the same exemption florida gets  enc…
rt  houseforeign  we must always remember the holocaust and work to prevent such atrocities from happening again  –er we remember
had a great time today w/ the longview pioneer lions talking about preserving salmon  preventing wildfires  & tolli…
 oc_moni  in4mdcndn oh so u stuck with the candidate who facilitated the coverup of the crimes of her serial rapist husband
we visited dulles motorcars  the tire shop  and leesburg jewelers today to talk about the recently passed tax cut a…
rt  palmbeachermag  brian mast talks to us about opening the first-ever congressional office inside a va facility 
rt  housecommerce  facebook ceo mark zuckerberg will testify before e&c on april 11th &gt &gt 
it s time to take power customers out of the dark and shine a light on the true costs associated with environmental…
celebrating good news w/ 2  ga09  students today  michael herrington of flowery branch will attend the  navalacademy…
rt  malala  in the house   rephalrogers &  nitalowey said they would be as helpful as they can be  i told them millions of girls are counti…
texans are still hurting from damages caused by hurricane harvey & i m optimistic the senate will soon pass our dis…
onthisday in 1912  the  girlscouts were founded  they ve been helping girls build courage  confidence and characte…
rt  drphilroe  because of the tax cutsand jobs act  small businesses can now invest more in their employees  buy new equipment and create add…
the passage of the defense spending bill today marks a commitment to rebuild and modernize our military …
bipartisan bills we passed this week will strengthen cybersecurity  increase protections against identity theft and…
america has an opioid abuse problem  & it has already plagued countless communities across illinois  on…
the library of congress is hosting baseball americana -- an exhibit exploring the history of baseball -- starting j…
my staff will be hosting satellite office hours across beaufort county today…

i ll be joining  wowofortwayne in just a few minutes  listen live ➡️
rt  jmillerwfed     ombpress package to get rid of  15b in unobligated funds introduced by  reptomgraves     45 day freeze begins 
over the weekend  i joined state senator mark costello and state representative david sieck at a legislative forum…
i care a great deal about supporting the next generation of farmers  and the young & beginning farmers act is a sma…
as a virginia tech family   our son  peter  class of 2007   we join virginia tech families to honor the lives of th…
  potus is right to move the u s  embassy in israel to its true capital  jerusalem  today  i sent a letter to secre…
rt  sunjournal  dare students share their lessons  encouraged by poliquin
good news  pacific power will be passing along the benefits of tax reform to their power customers  that includes m…
the northeast s costly tunnel vision  by  reptedbudd via  wsjopinion
thank you to all of the farmers feeding the world  national agriculture day 👨‍🌾👩‍🌾🚜🌽🐖🐄
tune in to  foxbusiness momentarily as we discuss the 2018 farm bill 
rt  ushousehistory  an  unbreakable  gavel for a heavy-handed speaker  makes a nice seat too    otd  in 1932 
rt  repbost  every day  law enforcement officers around the country protect our families from harm  keep the peace  and promote the cause o…
small businesses are the backbone of orange county s economy  thanks to tax reform  the 29 million small businesses…
the president extended an open hand to work with congress to protect our citizens of every background  color  relig…
rt  yhn    repbyrne   a standing ovation for teachers alpolitics
icymi   potus signed the protecting young victims from sexual abuse and safe sport authorization act  a product of…
rt  repjenniffer  today i m welcoming my colleagues of the  housevetaffairs  drphilroe  repbradwenstrup who accepted my invitation to come…
thanks   marenmorris  we fight for what s right  and songs like my church and others energize us as we move forward 
tyrrell and hyde counties  we are live  to join the telephone town hall  i encourage you to call directly to  888 …
rt  amtrak  individuals with questions about their friends and family on train 501 should call 800-523-9101
despite  housedemocrats wanting to take tax cuts away  we continue to meet with workers and smallbusiness owners a…
too many americans hear this is the land of opportunity but they just don t believe it  taxreform will change that 
good to meet this family from colleyville next to the statue of the  father of texas  during their  uscapitol tour 
tune in 
tonight at 7 00 pm → i ll be talking to  marthamaccallum on  thestoryfnc  foxnews 
nothing is easy to get done in washington  & i ll continue to push to get important work done for maine—from fighti…
i will be hosting my 44th telephone town hall meeting on monday feb  5 at 5 30pm  visit for more information 
saddened to learn of rep  slaughter s passing  she served her western ny community & our country with distinction f…
tonight  i will be leading a bipartisan special order on the house floor recognizing the  illinois200 bicentennial…
rt  interior  50 years ago today  dr  martin luther king  jr  was killed  his legacy continues to inspire all who believe in freedom & equa…
after meeting with vets in my district last week  today i spoke in support of the veteran act in committee  ensurin…
great to attend habitat for humanity event tonight in marietta 
icymi  i asked small business owners how taxreform will help them grow and create jobs in america 
great time discussing views on the role of tourism in  pa6  with local & regional tourism leaders at hopewell furnac…
happening soon   
rt  hrhcare  thank you  reppeteking for touring our amityville health center  celebrating nhcw17 and chcs with us 
the right to life is the most foundational of our god-given rights  i am a proud cosponsor of the born-alive aborti…
take a moment to read my op-ed with  repratcliffe on the  ncfi  located in the  cityofhoover →
rt  dannowicki  ways and means committee member  repdavid schweikert now talking tax reform with the arizona republic s editorial board  ht…
beaufort and pamlico counties  we are live  to join the telephone town hall  i encourage you to call directly to  8…
buoyed by the tax cuts and jobs act  the u s  consumer confidence index is at its highest point since 2000 …
news  congressman westerman visits seark via  pbcommercial ar4 arpx arnews
the schumer shutdown has occurred    still waiting for action 
thank you  usacebaltimore for your attention to the erosion and shoaling affecting smith island  your navigation im…
food banks across the state provide a critical service to iowans  these representatives from the iowa food bank ass…
we love hosting this event and i wish we could do it more because it serves to inspire conversation and collaborati…
i keep this flag in my office as a solemn reminder of those taken from us on september11th – including heroes of f…
thank you to all our nation s veterans for your service to our country  click here to view my veterans day message 
time change  tomorrow s subcommittee hearing will begin at 9 30am et
great to catch up with  houmachamber  thibchamber and  lafourchecofc today 
rt  reppaulmitchell  icymi  last week   transport advanced two bipartisan bills that can now head to the full house of representatives for…
last week  ffaok was in dc in full force  always encouraging to visit with these enthusiastic leaders of tomorrow 
on behalf of timber-dependent communities like skamania co  it s critical we work together to actively manage & res…
had a great visit to nichols tillage tools yesterday in sterling  we need to reform the tax code and push for bette…
watch live  surveying the space weather landscape
the continuing resolution is a complete capitulation to president obama s liberal agenda  i will be voting no  tcot
it was wonderful to be among friends from enterprise  montgomery  dothan  wetumpka  union springs  & more at the an…
obama wants to spend half-a-billion to violate a law he signed in december and bring terrorists into the u s   gitmo 
this week we celebrate both peace officers memorial day & national police week  this gives us an opportunity to tha…
joining  cnn  cnnnewsroom with  fwhitfield now to discuss national security  tune in 
great visit at the calhoun co chamber today  thank y all for having me   al03 
rt  elizacollins1  all gop group of house members calling on house leadership to find a daca solution before end of year  some of these law…
rt  secretarycarson  telling the media that  reppittenger has been a steadfast advocate for north carolina  he has been great to work with…
visited the largest employer in fairfield county  fairfield medical center  bringing jobs to  oh15  and innovation…
as part of this year s black history month theme  we celebrate  african americans in times of war   from the revolut…
attorney general jeff sessions is right  sanctuary jurisdictions are unconstitutional  but more importantly  they are dangerous 
had a very productive roundtable discussion with chairman  ajitpaifcc and business leaders on the future of communi…
i ll never think of this seat on a plane the same again 
talking with north dakota media about  potus  first  sotu  tonight with tommy 
debt has consequences but so does failing to provide our troops resources to defend us from our enemies while we sl…
may is military appreciation month  having cosponsored 19 bills in congress supporting the armed forces & their fam…
we are now considering h r  4284  info act of 2017 find all bills from today s full cmte markup here &gt &gt 
growing up in a home with domestic violence  child abuse prevention month is personal for me  i m a proud cosponsor…
 mikejinid that s funny  you re trying to help me  i guess i missed that angle 
my first read of the day  🌲 💰 exclusive--rep  paul gosar  omnibus is christmas in the spring for liberals and speci…
i will be hosting a live  interactive meeting tomorrow at 6 45pm et  i ll discuss the bipartisan budget deal that j…
honored to receive the  uschamber s spirit of enterprise award this morning for my support of american workers and…
today  the house voted to uphold our promise to give our troops a pay raise  improve our country s infrastructure …
rt  speakerryan  today  we move one step closer to fixing our broken tax code so it puts americans first  read the full framework→
the department of labor s misguided rule has negatively impacted the very people its supporters claimed it would help 
rt  foxbusiness    replouiegohmert on embassy move   there is nothing we can do that would be worse for the peace process than what the oba…
rt  houseagnews  claim  those on snap who are required to work  do work  fact  ~3 5m households with an individual subject to existing abaw…
 nikkihaley is one more example america first works 
the house passed the stop school violence act today to provide funding for student violence prevention training  te…
rt  acpressmollyb  a day after area schools were put on lockdown after a galloway twp  man fired shots in a wooded area near a private scho…
excited about the contributions the texas gulf coast &  tx14  are making toward achieving this goal 
today  we marked a major turning point in our efforts to clean up wreck pond w/ the completion of a state-of-the-ar…
i m saddened tonight to learn of the passing of first lady barbara bush  she deeply loved her family and the countr…
in march  i voted to fund an increase for medical research at  nih and  1 8 billion for alzheimer s disease researc…
 indivisibleca48 in congress have major responsibilities in science & foreign policy thus anti-terrorist strategizing in egypt important
craft breweries in sw wa will save thousands of dollars annually with the passage of tax cutsand jobs act  i am proud…
my  housecommerce is leading the way on funding the children s health insurance program with a vote this week to ex…
tax reform enables small businesses to immediately write off the full cost of new equipment  many across south dako…
what an energetic crowd   march_for_life why we march
the iranian dictatorship has been a longtime sponsor of global terrorism  providing an estimated  200 million a yea…
rt  ajitpaifcc  in new orleans  kicking off weeklong trip along gulf coast  will start today with tech/telecom roundtable hosted by  steves…
 ivankatrump is more right than you think  the 1930s were made worse by hoover s tax hiking revenue act of 1932  e…
the people of west virginia s first district didn t hire me to just represent one party in congress  they wanted so…
congratulations to mike pompeo on his confirmation as secretary of state 
it was great to recently meet with professional insurance agents of nd to discuss crop insurance  flood insurance …
rt  presssec    potus   we want every american to know the dignity of a hard day s work  we want every child to be safe in their home at n…
as a member of  natresources  i m thrilled at  potus  commitment to strengthening our nation s extraordinary nation…
tweet your questions with ask buddy and check out
thanks to everyone who participated in this year s  ldtc17  
going to  cpac tomorrow morning  come join  jim_jordan and i--we ll be on stage around 9 20am with  sarahcwestwood…
chairman  mactxpress - objective for nk is to divide us from our allies in the region    need to put pressure on them    -  foxnews
the red cross will be reassessing applications from port aransas that were denied the first time 
happy birthday to our lieutenant governor   danpatrick 
rt  mayorbroome  latest update and safety tips from mayor broome and  redstickready  baton rouge snow day sneaux da…
rt  financialcmte  passed ✅ our bipartisan bill that makes banks choose  business with the us or business with n korea  not both 
i m extremely saddened by the loss of a friend and colleague  representative louise slaughter  my thoughts and pray…
joined  daytopnj80 for their flag raising in mendham earlier today  continuing efforts to help those suffering fro…
northeast wi is at a huge loss with the passing of john pagel and steve witcpalek  i was lucky to get to know john…
i was honored to receive the 2018   ifda thomas jefferson award  recognizing my support for legislation that promot…
reality check  comey testimony - he told  potus trump he was not being investigated  potus did not ask him to stop russia investigation 
report finds epa broke the law by engaging in  covert propaganda  to promote controversial  wotus  rule
2/ democrats are holding the entire govt hostage for a completely unrelated issue that doesn t have an immediate de…
it s small business week  south dakota is home to 83 000  small businesses  and i ve worked hard in washington to de…
great visit to 5 west crisis stabilization unit  arkansas is the only state to have established a network of state…
voy a hacer todo en mi poder para asegurar a los que fueron traídos aquí sin ninguna culpa propia  que no sean injustamente castigados  daca 
i m really excited to be joining the roster for the congressional baseball game this june  an annual bipartisan trad…
tomorrow is tax day  while millions of americans finish filing their taxes  the committee continues its oversight e…
productive meeting with superintendents from several major nebraska schools  including my good friend ed stansberry…
billy graham certainly fought the good fight & i continue to mourn the void in moral & spiritual authority that  wi…
i hope you are celebrating all things northwest ohio on this 419 day 
water utilities and infrastructure is a prime opportunities for public private partnerships  2/2
while the report is classified as top secret  i believe the select committee should  pursuant to house rules  vote…
thank you to everyone who participated in this morning s women s health roundtable at  cuanschutz  groundbreaking…
harry reid has never been one to shy from a fight  and this is surely no different  my thoughts are with harry and…
discussed w/ who dir   drtedros my new bill  the end neglected tropical diseases act  that passed subcommittee 3 ho…
this is an appropriate time to take a knee  not while the national anthem is being played  you stand  place your ri…
amy and i wish you and your family a happy and blessed easter 
rt  grpress  55-plus things to do this holiday season in michigan
you can watch the full interview here 
fact check  the tax cuts law is putting money back in the pockets of american families & restarting our economy -a…
 ambszemerkenyi congratulations on your new position with  cepa 
access to high speed internet service is much more than a quality of life issue  it s also an economic issue  the…
good to spend some time with spanish fort mayor mike mcmillan and his daughter  angelle  his afternoon 
i can t imagine payne ever interacting with the public again  he has lost our trust  and why did it take a month for administrative action 
our country must stand together in support of the families of the victims and the community  las vegas
79% think immigration should be based on skills rather than family ties  the securing america s future act transit…
finished sunday in state college centre county attending girl scout gold award ceremony for ann sepich  nicole pandolfi and megan petrine
chairman  petesessions proudly supported the concealed carry reciprocity act  read his full statement here 
rt  speakerryan  the late rev  billy graham will lie in honor in the u s  capitol rotunda today  here is how you can watch the service at 1…
words cannot express the enormity of the las vegas shooting loss and reason is useless in understanding pure evil  time to mourn and reflect 
today i visited the mazak family cattle ranch and rock mine  and webster farm supply  we discussed issues facing to…
during  realdonaldtrump s first year in office  sotu  ✔ isis has lost nearly 100% of territory in iraq & syria ✔ his…
there is something wrong with the systems that our pilots are relying on for their lives   read  more about the hear…
rev  graham truly made the world a better place on his long journey home 
republicans  democrats &  potus all agree our veterans deserve the best care  today s law holds gov t accountable 
i voted to rebuild america s infastructure with the bipartisan faa reauthorization today  it allows our aviation…
 pogo599 unfortunately  this bba also includes an exception for undeclared war  aka military conflicts  as they are…
started 2017in missouri8 w/ healthcare roundtables & heard many concerns about obama s failing health law  one of t…
every day  ohioans rely on small financial institutions for their banking needs  the 2010 dodd-frank act has strang…
a 13 year old was on life support to preserve his organs for donation  he rallied back on his likely last day  how…
we must get tax reform right  i look forward to working w/  waysandmeansgop on behalf of america s taxpayers
i believe there is great value in engaging with & listening to our students about political matters they care about…
happy international womens day women make up 47% of the workforce and 40% of family breadwinners  and 9 4 million…
there is no denying it  washington has a spending problem  i support president  realdonaldtrump s decision to cut w…
i voted no on the budget package that enables the federal government to continue its out-of-control spending  we mu…
rt  rephuizenga  s  2155 should be the floor  not the ceiling  there are dozens of bipartisan  non-controversial house-passed bills that co…
i recently introduced h r 5717  the jake laird act w/ repteddeutch  repfredupton &  repdebdingell  learn more about…
these texts seem to show fbi officials were briefing the obama wh on the early stages of the trump campaign investi…
great to see many friends from the greater jackson co  chamber of commerce yesterday  i enjoyed our visit & discuss…
appreciated valuable input about wildfire containment & prevention efforts from ok state forester  george_geissler…
rt  sugarreform  today   fordguminc welcomes  repchriscollins to tour its facility and discuss reforming the u s  sugar program – a sugar s…
rt  bcsecleanenergy    repryancostello highlights importance of energyefficiency standards  battery storage and cleanenergy workforce d…
rt  gopoversight  join our roundtable discussion with jerusalem mayor  nirbarkat live at 2pm  📺⬇️
don t forget  submissions for the congressional art competition must be received by my office by april 30th  i loo…
the obama-era neglect of our military must come to an end   read  my full op-ed in  foxnewsopinion 
today i introduced bipartisan legislation  h r  5521  that would make the veterans health administration  vha  more…
1 samuel 15 22 samuel said   has the lord as much delight in burnt offerings and sacrifices as in obeying the voice…
chairman  usreprodney discusses the fy19  interior budget with  secretaryzinke at this morning s interior subcommit…
thanks to taxreform  businesses across colorado are investing back into their employees and communities  read more 
diana  cheryl  karen  and pamela made the trip from the central valley to washington this week  if you will be visi…
dot helms was one of the finest ladies in north carolina and has always been an inspiration throughout her   
i truly appreciated hearing from each student  the time to solve  daca  is now 
rt  deltacompanies    aapa_ar chairman steve thweatt thanks us congressman bruce westerman for taking time to join arkansas asphalt pavemen…
couldn t agree with  potus more   let us open great vocational schools so our future workers can learn a craft and…
the bill includes the taylor force act  which cuts off assistance that directly benefits the palestinian authority…
the sunbury pipeline will bring 100s of jobs to pa  stimulate our local economy and enhance energy reliability 
rt  repfredupton  today i spearheaded a bipartisan letter to the u s  small business administration in support of  onetoughnerd s disaster…
in october   speakerryan   jaytimmonsnam  and i discussed the importance of taxreform with the workers of dixon va…
the implications of eliminating the individual mandate have systemic effects for obamacare  when people are not pun…
illegal online pharmacies are using facebook to circumvent the law  and allow people to buy highly addictive drugs…
tonight s state of the union address highlighted all that s been done this past year to keep our country safe and h…
  boeing ceo dennis muilenburg says taxreform is the single most important thing for the u s  economy …
idaho s teacher of the year  becky mitchell  is making a big difference in the lives of her students  becky  who t…
despite dishonest claims to contrary  brightline has repeatedly used deceptive business practices in pursuit of tax…
rt  ghtcoalition  congratulations congressman  tomcoleok04  our congressional champion honoree for  ghtcoalition s innovating for impact aw…
celebrated armed forces day w/ the piedmont area veterans association – thank you to all those who serve our country 
we in  housegop are keeping our commitment to provide real tax relief for middle class  read more about our plan at
stay updated on how the tax cutsand jobs act is benefiting americans and the economy by texting  tax reform  to 50589 
rt  mercatus  since 1967  there have been only five years in which congress has spent less than it collected in tax revenues 
last night  i led a north carolina and south carolina special order on tax reform where we discussed the positive b…
former first lady barbara bush was one of the most beloved & patriotic women of our time & a true inspiration to so…
 senatorshaheen  housegop i think you mean     for failing to provide essential health care for babies born alive b…
activist judges might sometimes win the battle  but this ruling by scotus to allow full enforcement of the travel b…
icymi ↓
on floor marking 1 of finest traditions at penn state & largest student run philanthropy  thon  that raised &gt  146 million for the kids  psu 
huge thanks to the  denchamber for inviting me to speak this week on a number of issues important to colorado 
rt  foxnews  president  realdonaldtrump on daca   i m the one that s pushing daca and the democrats are nowhere to be found  
while i support updating nafta  i am concerned by the proposed sunset clause  i don t think that s good policy  businesses need certainty 
rt  cbs19news  congressman tom garrett paid a visit to red rocker candy in troy wednesday afternoon to talk with their employees about thei…
great news for wisconsinites   journalsentinel   we energies  wps customers  bills will drop because of the lower c…
it was outstanding to meet with doug and monica yesterday  last year   houseappropsgop passed  1 8 billion in alzhe…
rt  cnnpolitics  gop rep  adam kinzinger says the strikes on syria were  absolutely the right thing to do   but the us needs  a broader str…
great event & thanks to cardiovascular systems for hosting  by suspending the medical device tax for 2 years  we re…
bernard cap is located in hialeah   employs over 200 workers at its facility  for 40 yrs   this  fl25  company has s…
planned parenthood spends over  24 000 000 a cycle on political activity like this  they perform over 300 000 abort…
navigating the federal bureaucracy isn t easy – so we often intervene on constituents  behalf to find solutions or…
rt  freedomworks    repmarkwalker   congress must act to fix our broken criminal justice system   second chance month second chances c j refo…
congressman griffith s weekly e-newsletter 4 9 18 topic  maggie walker and community banks
saturday is national prescription drug take back day  the dea has a number of available resources including a colle…
sean mcpherson inspired many as one of south dakota s true servant leaders  bryon and i are praying for his family…
honored to attend the morris county september 11 remembrance in parsippany-  nj  lost first responders  family & fr…
full house at  grayplantmooty annual banking seminar today  great to relay positive updates on the good work of…
the time to enact the conscience protection act is now  my op-ed in  thehill →
mark your calendar for our 8th annual jobs fair tuesday  may 29  9-11 30am at warehouse  23 in vancouver  and the j…
2017 was the most expensive fire season ever  in fact  itisn t a fire season anymore  it s a fire year  we need a…
earlier today  i visited with members of the lapeer rotary club  where we spoke about the benefits the nation is al…
rt  cityofsarasota  we appreciate rep buchanan s time & support with this important community issue  beach restoration is critical to prese…
rt  usnavy  officer of the deck competency checks  across fleet concentration areas  obtaining a fix on navigation  seamanship  and ship-ha…
rt  becky_btaylor  packed house of city officials learning about agency resources at congressman tom graves local government svcs day in da…
rt  housecommerce  breaking  senate follows house in passing bipartisan bill to reauthorize  us_fda user fee programs  more &gt &gt 
rt  highplainsjrnl  rep  tom emmer s stress act  which would provide rural mental health services for farmers  has been included in the far…
different flavors of learning and growing might be in your typical brick and mortar school up the street  across to…
tonight our thoughts are with the bush family as they mourn the loss of former first lady barbara bush  she was a n…
while the special counsel & dems lie awake at night hoping the evidence fairy will finally show up to take down…
what a great time visiting with the robotics class at hackett elementary school  the hackett elementary robotics te…
shinseki resignation still leaves many bad actors in place at veterans affairs  politics
rt  foxnews    repandybarr    senschumer  where is your heart   senschumer  where is your head   shutdown shutdown2018
rt  kleptocracyintv  goldman sachs   5 billion china deal raises eyebrows   we need a strong cfius review process to ensure that we re not…
incredible to see such support for my copyright fix  including the classics act  it s time to move copyright into t…
harvey may have deluged our state with rain  but it cannot dampen our spirits  thank you   speakerryan  for visitin…
statement on dedication of u s  embassy in jerusalem 
great to visit the west fraser lumber mill in maplesville  which employs 135 workers and produces over 130 million…
rt  gopleader  we ve renamed today s north korean sanctions bill to honor otto warmbier  who died after being brutalized and tortured by th…
men like officer rob pitts are true defenders of freedom  he protected the thin blue line and hoosier lives with hon…
yesterday  i met with lauren cummings  executive director of the northern shenandoah valley substance abuse coaliti…
rt  townhallproject  special thanks to  repsanfordsc for being the *only* gop member of congress to attend a town hall for our lives with his…
today marks the final time that americans will file their taxes under our old  unfair tax code  tax reform tax day
rt  housegop  the tax cutsand jobs act has passed →  potus  it s off to you 
no body likes when their tech gets stolen - including willy wonka  live hearing now  safeguarding trade secrets…
big companies like apple & disney aren t the only ones benefitting from tax reform  hundreds of small businesses ac…
rt  houseagnews    conawaytx11  everyone who eats should want a strong farmbill  we need to protect the mom working paycheck to paycheck …
judges 17 6 in those days there was no king in israel  every man did what was right in his own eyes 
fbi has stonewalled producing documents & production shouldn t be limited to closed door viewing by small   of members of congress 
i ll be hosting neighborhood office hours at 12 30 pm today at  eastbaydeli on east bay street  drop by 
rt  foxnews    raul_labrador on mueller probe   [democrats] were so interested in the russia collusion story until their russia collusion s…
tuesday  10am   nihale1956  president/ceo of  uniteky will join me on capitol hill to testify about the opioid epid…
i will be on  npratc 🎙 this afternoon in the 3mt/5et hour to expand on the v a s failures and the local impact on…
tune in   1pm  10am pt  to the  houseappropsgop interior hearing  i m questioning  usindianaffairs asst sec roberts 
rt  repmimiwalters  the good news keeps coming  two additional  ca  companies  ecutopia and mec arial work platforms  announced employee bon…
it s back to washington this week & i met up with members of the  oaecoops on my way to vote on the house floor  gr…
walker s community hero award goes to williams high school student via  wfmy  nc06 
enjoyed talking to  kychamber this afternoon about issues facing ky s small businesses 
icymi  tomorrow  8 am to 5 pm  the ohio  nationalguard is offering free health services in london  more info   oh15 
senator tim scott and i will be signing books at  newlifecolorado in colorado springs on saturday at 10 00 am  orde…
thanks to all those who joined me this morning for coffee & conversation at rochester hills city hall  i enjoyed ta…
this morning i was able to visit with  beltonschools students participating in the  sifmafoundation capitol hill ch…
rt  freedomcaucus  congratulations russ vought for a successful  and long overdue  senate confirmation vote 
subcommittee chairman  repcharliedent statement on fy19 military construction  va funding bill   the members of our…
great to meet the joyce family from mission viejo before their capitol building tour today 
about to go live on  abc22fox45 to talk about news of the day  tune in 
barbara johns risked her life to lead an effort to ensure rights to all  not take them from some  happy to celebrat…
rt  bearsread  thank you  repstevestivers and  repbeatty for the donation to the  ua_highschool library  free books are the best restorec…
met with kentucky postmasters to discuss postal service legislation 
wv leads the nation in opioid overdose deaths  52 per 100 000 citizens  is it really too much to ask that  facebook…
joining  hughhewitt at 7 35 am et to talk news of the day  tune in here 
the  epcsheriff s office held its 2nd annual county law enforcement memorial ceremony today to honor the brave men…
and that s exactly what she did  house gop passed funding for government  chip and our troops on thursday  dems ove…
rt  speakerryan  today  the  uscapitol flags are lowered to half-staff in honor of our country s law enforcement who have given their lives…
rt  houseforeign    repedroyce discusses syria strikes on  foxnews
learn more about the positive impact taxreform is having on americans by visiting or text…
rt  musicfirst  thank you  repjerrynadler   darrellissa  and  rephankjohnson for joining us to celebrate classic love songs and build momen…
this problem will not solve itself  after yrs of inaction from previous admins and dem leadership  i am proud to jo…
imposing tariffs on steel and aluminum will not only drive up the cost of goods  but it will likely trigger a trade…
did you know by doubling the standard deduction  we are helping retirees across the country  tax cuts and jobs act…
in the  dailyjournalnet  for decades  this country has pioneered biotechnology innovation  successfully pushing the…
i am proud the air force recognized dyess  proven ability to command the skies by selecting our base to enter the f…
from mesquite to rusk  our families deserve a tax code that brings more jobs & bigger paychecks  taxreform
rt  davidcicilline  proud to introduce the ashanti alert act today with  repscotttaylor   lamarsmithtx21  and  repraskin  bipartisan  commo…
this afternoon  the subcommittee on disability assistance and memorial affairs will review  deptvetaffairs  life in…
rt  katieleslienews    mactxpress  those who didn t support  ahca   share some of the responsibility for what is to come in the wks  months…
i had the pleasure of hosting vince and mona puente for the national prayer breakfast last week  while they were vi…
thanks to taxreform and regulatory relief  manufacturers  optimism is at historic levels  this is big for western…
  ppadvocatesinky  you know full well that money is fungible  so every dollar from title x frees up money to fund t…
congrats to  spireglobal and geo optics for earning contracts for commercial satellite weather data 
secretary michael chertoff discussing isis w/150 members of parliament from 50 nations at security forum
ninth district traveling staff office hours for october
many of our constituents  family members r being turned down 4 visas 2  us  yet cuban artists  apologists 4 tyrannic…
joining  connellmcshane shortly on  foxbusiness to talk tariffs  tune in now 
we are a country of laws  and we cannot tolerate county officials bypassing the law for illegal immigrants who comm…
i ll be on the  kevinmillershow at 7 30 am mt to talk about the new immigration reform bill i ll be introducing wi…
50 years ago today  america lost a patriot  activist  and enduring inspiration - dr  martin luther king jr   mlk50… 
you should never lose a good teacher because of bad policy  thank you to hill city for sharing your story 
proud to stand with pro-life americans who have come together to marchfor life  we need to fight to protect the mos…
thank you to each of our women & men in law enforcement  we appreciate your dedication to keeping our communities s…

rt  repstefanik  during national police week  we recognize the service of law enforcement officers across the country who risk their lives t…
in light of the schumer shutdown  repmcclintock explains why the senate doesn t work
the middle class is shrinking and their wages are basically the same as they were in 1990  we ve got to do better 
rt  mitchellwkyt  daniel boone forest waiving some usage fees for vets day
thank you to all who came out to southside high school for academy day  i enjoyed talking to everyone about service…
claim  proposed changes to  snap  will reduce benefits  false  the nutrition title in the 2018 farm bill is budget ne…
rt  senatorrisch  in the rose garden w/ colling pest solutions of idaho &  potus following a convo about taxreform s positive impact on …
i joined community members in greenwich township on saturday at st  james lutheran church cemetery in a special cer…
yesterday s ruling by the south carolina supreme court on captain sams spit was a win for the lowcountry  as surely…
on national prayer day  we thank god for his many blessings and for being our guiding force  as our pledge of alleg…
applaud  potus for decision on iran deal and courage to take action when continued participation was not in u s  be…
looking forward to  repratcliffe joining me at the national computer forensics institute in  cityofhoover for a tour this afternoon   al06 
today is world autism awareness day  i cosponsored kevin and avonte s law  important leg  introduced by my friend…
rt  speakerryan  because of the tax cuts bill  made in america businesses can not only reward workers  but expand and become more competitiv…
on this national dayof prayer let us give thanks for the fundamental truth that god listens and answers our prayers …
thank you  surgeon_general for your participation and support  along with  il14  leaders  together  we can fight th…
what a game     skol vikings  mn02
thank you   realdonaldtrump for signing the historic taxreform bill into law  this legislation will lower…
rt  secpompeo  i m grateful to  potus for the honor to serve as our nation s 70th secretary of state  so many matters of global importance…
enjoyed spending the morning at the owens presbyterian church prayer breakfast 
dee dee and i were heartbroken to learn of the passing of first lady barbara bush - a fierce force for good who wil…
getting ready to join  foxnews to discuss the facebook investigation  and why it is so important that you are able…
joining  billhemmer  americanewsroom on  foxnews live at 9 40am  tune in 
today is national prescription drug take back day  find a location near you to safely dispose of your prescription d…
my wife and i are praying for georgia s first lady  sandra deal   gafirstlady
 tbt  to admiring submissions from the 2016 congressional art competition  don t forget the deadline to submit artwor…
rt  wsj  unemployment rate fell to 3 9% in april  a level rarely reached in past 70 years  u s  added 164 000 jobs 
happy charter schools week  high-quality public charterschools make an incredible difference in the lives of childr…
 caresouthc is one of twenty-four community health centers in the district  and combined  they serve over 137 000 p…
tune into  foxbusiness right now as i talk with  varneyco about our spending priorities and our economy 
rt  kencenprez  proud of our time here in corona  you were inspirational congressman calvert  you represent a phenomenal city arts across a…
breaking  fbi reopens clinton email server investigation  read my response here  →
wishing all of my friends celebrating hanukkah a peaceful and happy first night  happy hanukkah
through history  women have fought for a stronger country  influenced public policy  built viable institutions  cha…
rt  housesmallbiz  release  the state of trade for america s small businesses while nearly 300 000 small businesses are exporting to forei…
live i will be speaking on the house floor soon about my bill hr 3179 to help student borrowers - tune in here 
rt  repjasonlewis  nam manufacturers  outlook survey says projected wage growth is at a 17-year high & manufacturers  projected growth rate…
rt  stevescalise  i want to commend  reprutherfordfl on his strong efforts to stop school violence  today  we re voting on a bipartisan bil…
tomorrow is national drug take back day  be part of the fight against our nation s opioid crisis  learn how to part…
rt  senmikelee  retweet if you agree that republicans in the senate should make democrats start voting on each of the appropriations bills…
 senatedems are playing politics with  chip  and irresponsibly chose to shut down the government  schumer shutdown
chatted with  katyturnbc about the future of  daca  in congress 
a big thank you to everyone who shared their thoughts  opinions  and personal stories on the mental health crisis v…
rt  crcl1988  congressman  garretgraves will discuss gomesa with us 3 p m  wednesday on facebook  to help people learn more about the legis…
rt  stevescalise  further proof that tax reform is working → more than 40% of companies plan to increase wages  ht…
creating an efficient online portal for businesses to electronically file 1099s is essential in keeping information…
as the third highest drug overdose mortality rate in the country  something must be done to combat the…
on wednesday at the  financialcmte hearing  we discussed with  cfpbdirector mulvaney how we can improve the effecti…
rt  jefforavits  2day 4pm  repgosar gun free zones  student walkouts & comments on the response by school districts like fusd  plus tariffs…
good luck to  boilerball and  butlermbb as they begin their march madness journeys today  boiler up go dawgs
april is child abuse prevention month here is info for help in brazoria county to strengthen families & prevent child…
rt  commbovo  congratulations to the lady thoroughbreds  tbredathletics hialeahhigh  cityofhialeah for winning  fhsaa water polo state ch…
rt  stevescalise  great to be back in the capitol  updating the press on our efforts to end the schumer shutdown ↓
rt  188thwg  secretary of the air force  heather wilson  made a stop at the wing today  thank you  secafofficial   johnboozman   rep_stevew…
i am disappointed in the administration s immigration proposal    this proposal grants amnesty today and delays leg…
rt  ashleyhalsey3rd  inspector general s report says the faa has bungled a  36-billion project
glad to meet maggan  who is part of the capitol leadership academy for future civic leaders  i know he will do big…
yesterday i joined  reppaultonko s medicaid reentry act as the lead republican cosponsor to combat the…
rt  housegop  tax reform has ✔ passed in the house ✔ passed in the senate what s next  it s time for conference committee →
rt  newsobserver   why should the poor taxpayer  who is trying to make ends meet  why should any of their money go to pay for an office for…
congratulations to san antonio native patrick reed on his first major championship win  this weekend s masters …
our future looks bright with teams like  texastorque leading the way  omgrobots
at 7 a m  on april 12  1981  the engines of the space shuttle columbia rumbled to life and launched john young and…
rt  papd911  thurs   april 19  2018  rep  peter king addressed the port authority pba membership meeting in seaford  ny  rep  king reaffirm…
passed → the common sense nutrition disclosure act one-size-fits-all requirements for nutritional information simp…
had a great meeting to discuss issues important to the hardworking individuals at f c i mc kean  thank you for the job…
the weather at  iflymia was rainy with a chance of more rain for a little while but i was in good company with an…
despite a majority in the house and the senate expressing opposition to the iran deal  president obama chose to ac…
thank you so much  tndnashville for showing me around your facility today  the next door provides treatment to wome…
i called into  conduitnews this morning to discuss the ballooning national debt  my efforts to control spending and…
the financial institutions and consumer credit subcommittee held a hearing today to review the implementation of th…
we cannot allow our military and national security to be held hostage by those who want to continue the reckless sp…
rt  housegop    repdrewferguson  the benefits of tax reform are not just felt by employees at major corporations  main street job creators…
now is the time for tax reform 

today we heard from witnesses at a subcommittee hearing examining the role of child care in the welfare system  rea…
  dj_exzachly ask buddy
here s the question that needs to be answered  did director comey  while under oath  mislead congress and the ameri…
thanks to  nbc4i s colleen marshall and  cbusmetroclub for helping us kick it off  revive civility
the final tax cut plan should include our provision to stop tax credits for illegal immigrants  working to ensure t…
thanks to  michbroadcaster for stopping by yesterday to discuss local broadcasting issues 
rt  housebudgetgop  here s this week s budget fact  did you know that the budget committee is legally required to receive testimony from me…
in recent months  the house has worked to pass dozens of bipartisan bills that  ✅help people access credit ✅remove…
what happens when we don t play offense  examples  discharge on daca amnesty instead of immigration reform  cra on…
rt  speakerryan  good news → i just signed a bill to give our troops their largest pay raise in 8 years  next stop  the  whitehouse to beco…
rt  netanyahu  i met with us secretary of state mike pompeo today in tel aviv  we are very proud that his first overseas trip as secretary…
chairwoman  virginiafoxx talks about her relationship with  potus and his vision for a prosperous america ahead of…
a very interesting visit to  rockwellcollins to check out their business jet systems integration lab  thanks for h…
our staff is hosting a tax prep workshop in the f l keys tomorrow thursday  april 5 at the  monroecounty islamorada…
rt  politico  america s dangerous submarine shortage via  robwittman
 we very much appreciate this committee s strong support for the aps and its leadership in passing h r  4377  the a…
rt  houseagnews  fact  under 2018 farm bill no one is kicked off of  snap  due to work requirements  s n a pmatters
rt  cvpayne  breaking news adp jobs report blows away consensus 241 000 jobs 65 000 goods producing -5 000 mining -31 000 construction -29…
it s an honor to have becky mitchell the 2018 idaho teacher of the year in the office today 
tax relief helps expand the economy  and we re seeing that in action in  ga09   we always want to promote free marke…
 novelis is one of the leaders in domestic and international manufacturing and has long been a major economic drive…
the rev  billy graham was an icon  he once said  my home is in heaven  i m just traveling through this world   the…
today is world autism awareness day  millions of adults & an estimated 1 out every 68 kids in the u s  have been diag…
glad to join this effort to stress the need to carefully tailor our trade policies and prevent retaliation against…
rt  westerncaucus  today  we called on  epa  epascottpruitt to reverse the obama administration s  preemptive veto  of a major mining proje…
soon  w&m trade subcommittee will hear about possible strategies to stop the flow of synthetic opioids through the…
  emilyfo55384719 thanks for your question  ask buddy
great first step 
i am pleased to share that yesterday  after considering comments from the public and my colleagues and i here in co…
thank you  j j d p amatters for our young people- they need a 2nd chance  committed to the juvenile justice reform act…
rt  shopfloornam  wow --&gt  conference board reports consumer confidence in february hit the highest rating in 18 years 
concerned that the navy s latest shipbuilding plan doesn t get us to 355 ships even though navy and congressional l…
  bama1757 thanks for your question 
  navient  struggling borrowers = least likely to engage with loan servicer  90% who default never respond our outreach   millennials
honored to receive the  true blue  award from  frcdc  proud to be a pro life voter and defend missourians  family v…
rt  realdonaldtrump  our nation was founded by farmers  our independence was won by farmers  and our continent was tamed by farmers  our fa…
we must ensure our country & international partners are safe from transnational criminal organizations fueling illi…
rt  jecrepublicans   after tax reform became law we provided a bonus of one extra week pay to all employees [among many other benefits]  es…
i m grateful that  realdonaldtrump and congress are working together to roll back and rightsize obama-era regulatio…
rt  lanewsguy  preview congressman mcclintock s interview with larry marino on obama s attack on the middle class  repmcclintock
the jake laird act is named after an indianapolis police officer who was shot & killed in 2004 in the line of duty…
rt  hascrepublicans  live  tactical air & land forces  fy19ndaa  markup - led by chairman  repmiketurner 12 30 pm - watch here 
i ll be calling into  first news with kevin miller  at 7 40 a m  on  newsradio1029  i hope you ll tune in 
didyouknow house republicans passed 477 bills in 2017  including historic tax relief for the middle class  we are…
new look  memorialhermann  memorialhermannlifeflight  1 green helo for kids at children s memorial hermann hospital 
with many new jersey taxpayers likely to be hit hard by the tax cut bill working its way through congress  a bipart…
love seeing  oh15  representing in the macys parade  way to go  ohiou 
it s a big week in the scalise family  harrison celebrates his 9th birthday and we celebrated jennifer yesterday  l…
history shows that governments erode liberties over time  our 4th amendment was established to protect the privacy…
take back day is underway & i m at st  vincent hospital on 86th where they have already collected 7 boxes full of un…
it s important that members from both parties were able to come together and pass legislation that would fund the g…
i m saddened to hear of the passing of former rep  carl duckworth  the duckworths are truly a foundation in utah po…
students at valdosta middle school are participating in  sifmafoundation s capitol hill challenge  & i stopped by to…
  3sinnings thanks for your question  ask markwayne
my statement regarding  potus  policy regarding transgender individuals serving in the military 
just spoke to  grahamledger of  oann about the president s budget proposal and immigration 
 christiefarnsw2  jasonfarnswort3 i followed up on your case today w/ the agency  and will be sending a letter to y…
rt  stevendialtv   you can t dream up a better situation and have your best friend out there with you to go to battle and go to the final f…
rt  stevewafb  tornado watch for ascension  assumption  east baton rouge  east feliciana  iberville  lafourche  livingston & pointe coupee…
frank is always on duty in our office  happy national puppy day
 burchrhodes  rbwilson so did you miss the debate with my opponent  i was at numerous public events in last four months  election is over 
these are significant sanctions  i m pleased the administration continues to use tools provided by congress to hold…
i was honored to deliver the commencement address at  baconecollege s graduation this morning  congratulations to a…
sending my condolences to the family & loved ones of marcos gudino  the fallen  il_natl_guard soldier in yesterday …
intentionally stopping a heartbeat is not healthcare  that is why i am a cosponsor of h r  490  the heartbeat prote…
the best time of the year is finally here  fiestasa   sa300 
rt  frcaction  thank you  repwalorski for displaying unwavering commitment and consistent support of faith  family  and freedom  true blue a…
this is why i supported the budget agreement 
other countries look out for their own best trade interests  shouldn t we be doing the same  i m grateful  potus is…
  vp mike pence is right  the tax cuts and jobs act is already working for texas 
gave a legislative update at the hancock-wood electric cooperative acre breakfast this morning in north baltimore …
congrats to my alma mater  ucentralmo on winning the  ncaadii national championship  team u c m together
rt  ronwyden  my recreation not red tape act with  natresources chairman bishop breaks down barriers and helps americans get outdoors and enj…
rt  akrsrq  ty  rodneydavis for you kitchen to congress journey & joining restaurant leaders to discuss the economic-driving  job-creating…
rt  realdonaldtrump  my prayers and condolences to the families of the victims of the terrible florida shooting  no child  teacher or anyon…
great to be with rotarians today in berrien springs  mi06 
our deepest appreciation and respect goes out to the first responders 
rt  nfib  our optimism index reached its 16th consecutive month in the top 5% of 45 years of survey readings – and it was the 1st time in 3…
my statement on passage of the continuing resolution →
a little preview of today s  hascrepublicans spf subcommittee hearing  355ships is officially us policy & we must…
the tax cutsand jobs act means small businesses can  ✅ invest more into their employees ✅ increase benefits ✅ buy an…
the hearing on h r 4790  the volcker rule regulatory harmonization act is about to start  watch live here 
rt  foxbusiness    reprwilliams on syria   we cannot turn our back to this  
milcon subcommittee chair  repcharliedent  the bill funds our veteran health care systems to ensure that our promis…
this 👇🏽
i spoke with  halliejackson on  msnbc yesterday about the pentagon s niger report 
what inspires me  being a warrior for human dignity  human potential 
congratulations jocelyne for setting a new  olympics record  north dakota is proud  via  thescore
gracias  mariteremdcps  it was wonderful to see you and honor the 120 students from so many schools at…
today we celebrate the legacy of a man who understood the power of love and peace in times of adversity  and change…
rt  financialcmte  this week  the house voted to pass the 21st century flood reform act  which will bring more choices to policyholders and…
what an honor to receive the ausn legislative advocacy award tonight  so proud to support those who have fought the…
great day for america  welcome home american citizens held hostage in north korea  thanks to  potus trump and secre…
rt  nataliebrandk5    davereichert on strikes   discussion of our long-term strategy in syria will continue  but at this moment it is essen…
rt  chadpergram  house approves bill to harden schools against school shootings  the vote was 407-10  also deals with prevention and interv…
this weekend kicks off national park week  virginia is home to a number of beautiful national parks  get out and enj…
talked energy policy and other issues today at the  midohioenergy acre breakfast in kenton 
rt  ktvz   enough smoke  enough fires   says rep  greg walden  oregon republican urges senate to stop blocking forest bill
rt  gopleader   tbt   senschumer in 2013   a [government shutdown] is the politics of idiocy  of confrontation  of paralysis  
west virginia has turned the corner  and our economy is looking up  this is in large part due to the risks that our…
i ve asked the atf why these devices were approved without restriction in 2010 and again in 2012 
today  the house armed services subcommittees on readiness and seapower and projection forces held a joint hearing…
rt  rep_stevewomack  tax reform is working   uscbo projects that the tax cuts & jobs act will create about 1 1 million jobs over the next 1…
rt  andrewlacombe   tonight    repjackbergman is scheduled to be at bay college west for a meeting with veterans at 6 p m  central time
trump admin to allow expanded offshore oil & gas exploration & drilling  this decision will lead to more jobs for h…
keeping pa & all first responders & volunteers in our thoughts as they help w emergency response to hurricane harvey
rt  usrepmikedoyle  pleased that bipartisan legislation i introduced with  repmckinley to help address the opioidcrisis was just approved…
my first meeting of the week in dc was with  uofl president dr  greg postel  we talked about my role on…
rt  nwherald  u s rep  randy hultgren visits mchenry s pioneer center for 60th anniversary
always great to meet w/ local  aipac members & discuss how congress can support their priorities here in the u s  &…
this morning i attended a press conference to urge our  ca  senators to join us in getting a water deal done   ca08 
today we remember the americans who lost their lives or were wounded in the attack on pearl harbor 76 years ago tod…
we re getting ready for this morning s hearing on the administration s infrastructure proposal  watch it live at…
on this day in 1789  the u  s  house of representatives held its first meeting at federal hall in new york city …
the  worldbank s extravagant and unaccountable spending practices have been in conflict with the values of arkansan…
the goal is a nationwide standard that produces affordable vehicles with better fuel efficiency   epa  c a f estandards
thank you today  and every day  to the law enforcement officers in southwest washington who risk their lives to kee…
rt  chadhastyradio  today on the show  9 05am-  reparrington 9 35am-  mattmackowiak 10 05am- amanda banks  candidate for lisd school boa…
i fought to ensure the  ndaa  includes important provisions for  forthood  including renovation for barracks  the…
the 2016 county health rankings are out and douglas county is the healthiest county in nevada  learn more   nv02 
i am grateful for  speakerryan s bold leadership  his commitment to conservative principles and  especially  for hi…
rt  retireonurterms  happy friday  happy retirement  it s the last day of nrpw  use our calculators and tools for consumers to begin planni…
tune into the  financialcmte as i ask  federalreserve chairman jay powell questions 
rt  interior  the colorful cliffs & rolling grasslands  trooseveltnps are the definition of rugged beauty north dakota
more investments are returning home  like apple bringing home  350 billion to invest in us and spillway sportsman e…
wishing my friend  speakerryan a very happy birthday  🇺🇸 🧀
visited  tstboces students and  renovussolar to discuss their solar project at candor csd that will save 100% of th…
rt  housescience   repjbridenstine   epa  moving the goalposts on ozone levels before existing standards could be met
rt  baychamberfl  great meeting with congressman neal dunn  m d  during the leadership bay government session  thank you for taking your t…
rt  repmccaul  i commend the administration for leveling tough new sanctions against iran hacking 144 universities and private business  t…
we have a federal debt exceeding  20 trillion dollars  as a result  today i voted in favor of a balanced budget ame…
questioning  usfws director dan ashe at today s  houseappropsgop interior budget hearing   630am pst  tune in 
net neutrality regulations stifled innovation and competition on the internet and did nothing to protect consumers …
 marjoriesba grace act  no government contracts for companies who donate to planned parenthood 
happy birthday   speakerryan 
rt  mnevens10   repwesterman  wmata he and his office do a fantastic job with their tours 
i recently called out  epa  administrator mccarthy for inappropriately pressuring employees to promote  wotus   video 
talking tax reform  health-care  and immigration with  krcg13 this morning   mo03 
only because it s his birthday 🎂 i went & spoke to mr  smith s environmental science class at  wchscardinals in web…
democrats just tried and failed to take off july  republicans are pushing to continue working in august to keep our promises 
 hh41848213 thanks  howard  mrs  bush was a a true patriot and it was my honor to recognize her on the house floor …
we were extremely excited to finally hold our first grandchild  ray & i are blessed to see our family continue to g…
today  french president emmanuel macron will address a joint meeting of congress  watch live  here at 9 30am centra…
jeanine  i am a senior republican on the committee  you must have me confused with someone else 
take a look at my e-newsletter to see what i did this week in washington →
 rcourikrmg nonpartisan congressional research service says planned parenthood can be defunded in govt funding bill 
rt  natresources    repdlamborn is right  to expand water infrastructure we need to reform the regulatory process that is holding projects…
today  the house passed legislation that would make common-sense reforms to the burial process in national veterans…
rt  housegop  there are countless ways that the tax cutsand jobs act will be better than our old and outdated tax code  here are our the top…
the bill also includes a provision i fought to add that makes critical reforms to choice s claims & payments proces…
yesterday i discussed my opposition to proposed faa privatization with  dloesch on the dana show no privatized a t c
as lawmakers  it is our constitutional responsibility to provide for the common defense of our nation  for too long…
rt  garyshapiro  taxreform has spurred the creation of thousands of new jobs across the u s   including many in michigan  my thoughts on t…
veterans assoc of north county teaming with  feedingsandiego and  couragetocall for free food distribution to all…
 2/2  if you re a veteran and you believe you were improperly taxed after being wounded in action  i encourage you…
house passed fy17 dod approps is important step to ensuring our military and troops have resources they need…
rt  housejudiciary  🚨breaking🚨  repgoodlatte  nadler  collins  jeffries  issa  johnson  smith  deutch  introduce music licensing package ht…
i am honored to have received the champion of change award from the national down syndrome society  thank you mary…
the numbers speak for themselves--we have a great opportunity for economic growth w/ tax reform  az will benefit gr…
in honor of national police week  thank you to our men and women in uniform who heroically serve on the front lines…
we passed the  promoting women in the aviation workforce act  today in the transportation and infrastructure commit…
great meeting with the rotary club today in front royal   va06 
president trump made the right decision to pull out of the iran deal 
every day my kids inspire me to be a better legislator  the best part of my day is coming home to them  mothers day 
thank you  jeffsessions &  realdonaldtrump for taking a stand against lawless california  constitutional  federal l…
how is tax reform benefitting you  let me know by taking this survey   tx5 
i signed a letter to  speakerryan requesting that we pass legislation to fully fund the community health centers ma…
rt  ap  breaking  us employers added 200 000 jobs in january  paychecks rose at fastest pace in 8 years 
throughout her life  barbara bush served her family and her country with strength and grace  mrs  bush will forever…
this is the result of strong  america-first negotiating by the white house  we applaud the efforts to bring nations…
overall  we have appropriated  ✔️ 10 1b to support military family members through military construction  31% ⬆️th…
rt  houseforeign  house targets hamas s use of human shields
rt  mpmorningsun  moolenaar at  cmuniversity  awareness will help great lakes funding
glad to announce  fema is awarding nearly  8 million to  flhsmv for emergency protective measures and operations ta…
on this day  we remember and honor the innocent victims of the holocaust  we will never forget the 6 million jews a…
veteran rudy molina served two tours in vietnam  one as a marine and one as a soldier  he fought bravely and heroic…
have a happy and blessed easter - from our family to yours 
 defendourfuture  evergladesnps  biscaynenps  floridakeysnms  drytortugasnps when i was first elected to congress …
rt  freedomworks   the three things we were told are not gonna happen as part of our agreement  no csrs  no daca  no debt limit    repmarkw…
if allowed to stand  wotus rule would ve created roadblocks at every turn in ak  see my thoughts on epa wotus action
at 3 pm the committee will meet on hr 4182-ensuring a qualified civil service act of 2017 & hr 1699-preserving acce…
today is great lakes day  i enjoyed speaking with advocates this morning to discuss bipartisan work to protect the g…
today i was joined in manteca by  nationalguardca s general baldwin to recognize the end of the bonus repayment ord…
posey applauds the return of professional boxing to palm bay
we should have seen this coming when democrats started calling american citizens  deplorables 
35 out of 50 state capitol buildings were built with indiana limestone  so were the national cathedral  the pentago…
what an incredible story 
this included my teach to combat addiction act of 2018  aims to support centers of excellence  or institutions of l…
rt  robert_aderholt  appreciated secretary sonny perdue s testimony and vision on how  usda will continue to serve farmers  ranchers and co…
the science is clear  at 20 weeks they feel pain  proud to co-sponsor hr 36 
i applaud  potus  realdonaldtrump for this strong action to withdraw from the iran deal and re-impose sanctions  by…
rt  lastatepolice  with changing road and weather conditions  troopers urge citizens & travelers to utilize the louisiana traveler informa…
it s another beautiful afternoon in nj11  visiting montville at towacofest 
this bipartisan bill is intended to give every day americans a more sustainable access to saltwater fishing than cu…
enjoying the national prayer breakfast with my guest  gene_mills of the  lafamilyforum   la05 
tax reform is fueling investments in education  citing tax savings   verizon will donate  400 million over the next…
tonight  i led members of the florida delegation in holding a moment of silence on the house floor in honor of fall…
thx  senrenegarcia  anything that discourages folks from filling out the census should be omitted  we need an accur…
rt  repjeffdenham  my prayers are with the victims of the washington state train derailment  as well as the first responders who are workin…
had the chance to be in the room where it happened today    thank you  lin_manuel and luis miranda  hamilton
thank you to yellowhammer news for helping share the word about our  morning with mike  events  dates for may will…
 the u s  is a compassionate nation  we are proud that we do more than any other country anywhere in the world to…
the  natresources committee will hold a hearing on my bipartisan legislation h r  4429 - the cormorant control act…
rt  waysandmeansgop    repkevinbrady   the president has not yet issued these tariffs  he s been continuing to listen  what i m urging him…
happening now  tune in as i lead the subcmte on terrorism & illicit finance hearing to better understand how transn…
  dbroo2014 thanks for your question  if you would like to schedule a tour  please call my office at  202  225-5831…
predictably  iran used the payoff to support terrorist groups like hezbollah & fund development of ballistic missil…
it s inauguration week in washington  inauguration2017
later today  the house will consider legislation i sponsored which would close a gap in burial benefits for our vet…
we all know it  tax day should not be like this  that s why we passed the tax cutsand jobs act  to bring more jobs  f…
looking forward to this important discussion 
rt  realdonaldtrump  i urge all americans to participate in takebackday tomorrow  let s come together and beat last october s record of di…
rt  mactxpress   this bill takes the crucial next steps to rebuilding our military and reforming the pentagon  our nation owes the men and…
drone technology is the present & future of our every-changing economy  exciting things in unmanned systems occurri…
great news  repdlamborn  thank you for leading this letter 
back in 2010  lake houston was so low that people could practically walk across the lake bed   danhuberty…
icymi  read my letter to my constituents about how we are combatting the opioid epidemic in congress 
i met with these medical students this week to talk about the higher education act 
rt  uscapitol  supporting the final goodbyes of a grateful nation calls for coordination across the capitol campus  and the solemnity of th…
after reading the classified house intel memo this morning  i signed onto a letter led by  repmattgaetz calling for…
the tax cut and jobs act is boosting wages and increasing investment in american communities 
the pentagon released its nuclear posture review  updating our nation s nuclear policy to ensure we are in the best…
icymi  lawmakers to army corps  don t delay asian carp study
this week is your last chance to participate in  walk-up wednesdays  at the smithsonian s  nmaahc  walk-up without…
balancing constitutional precepts such as national security and privacy is a challenge  reasonable minds can and do…
rt  speakerryan  rt if you agree w/  reptomprice about obamacare s failures   this is ridiculous  & the american people should not have to…
great conversation with ocala/marion leaders today  thank you  ocalacep for sharing your thoughts  ideas and feedb…
i had a wonderful time attending the round rock special olympics  what an incredible event  thank you to everyone w…
happy mother s day to my mother liz 
rt  housebudgetgop    potus   our massive tax cuts provide tremendous relief for the middle class and small businesses    sotu 
even if every republican in the house and senate voted  yes  on the cr & chip  it wouldn t be enough to pass  in t…
rt  waysandmeansgop  check out this interactive map to see how the tax cuts and jobs act is estimated to grow jobs and wages in your state …
it s national police week - thank you to all our police officers who put their lives on the line each day to serve a…
flashback friday to my favorite week of the summer   mnfarmfest with  mnffa and rep   rodneydavis  happy f f a week t…
rt  rulesreps  the hearing is starting now  watch live here 
the farm bill is the result of years of work  it will be better for the farmer and better for the american people …
most of all  it sends a clear message to the mullahs that the era of appeasement to their threats and evil ambitions is over 
i m voting no on the farm bill  have a number of serious concerns of existing bill  greatest being impact to snap p…
happy st  patrick s day to the 33 million plus irish-americans and the many  many more who are celebrating all thin…
rt  repmimiwalters  over 500 companies have announced bonuses  wage increases  or increased investment into employee benefits since tax ref…
last night  we advanced our motion to conference with the senate on tax reform  we will work with our colleagues…
rt  usrepgarypalmer  congratulations to  repjbridenstine on his confirmation as  nasa administrator today →
back down to beaufort county tomorrow  i ll be hosting neighborhood office hours in bluffton before heading to…
rt  repgarretgraves  house committee on natural resources hearing on  examining the critical importance of offshore energy revenue sharing…
 sisyphus43 i read it but not sure you did  quote   we can confirm that the polling partnership is real -- and legi…
the news out of florida today is so tragic and sad  as the father to three school age sons  kristen and i grieve fo…
rt  detroitnews  congratulations to desiree linden  the washington twp  resident is now the first american woman to win the boston marathon…
rt  yhn  alabama  repbyrne   the fight against childhood cancer alpolitics
great meeting today with the  aaortho including dr  douglas harte of livingston  very informative conversation abou…
cutting wasteful spending should not be a partisan exercise  it s time to give the bloated federal budget a much-ne…
great celebration and parade in seaford today honoring  seafordhspride vikings and coach rob perpall on winning the…
icymi  helping  carthagehosp recover  6 8 million in federal reimbursements is a great example of my office s dedic…
breaking  appropriations committee releases fy2019 military construction and veterans affairs legislation
today we look back and remember the more than 2 400 americans killed and nearly 1 200 wounded during the attack on…
while in somerville today i met w/ decatur mayor tab bowling  not pictured   priceville mayor melvin duran  morgan…
keeping  senjohnmccain and his family in my prayers this evening  he is a true american hero 
president  georgehwbush has dedicated his life to serving others  join me in wishing our 41st president a happy bir…
watch live 📺 joint subcommittee hearing on opioids
in clearfield earlier this afternoon for national restaurant association roundtable discussing  cte  workforce …
great to see you are doing well   senthomtillis 
today for small business week  i want to feature another great  va06  business--  mooreandgiles  founded in 1933 and…
i always enjoy running into kansans from my district while in dc visiting the nation s capital  this week alone  we…
more maine families and job creators are feeling the positive effects of tax relief  these hard working mainers are…
chairman  usreprodney  chairman  senshelby and i just met to discuss fy19 funding legislation  committed to working…
as the schumer shutdown continues  all 3 of my offices are open and ready to serve you  visit my website for a list…
in her 102 years  mary smith touched so many lives in branch county and beyond  the community came together at…
rt  repjimrenacci  what s a great way to start my morning  holding my bipartisan working group with special guest  housevetaffairs chairman…
meeting with oregon farm bureau in prineville to talk about the benefits of tax reform for oregon s farming  ranchi…
scientists discover new evidence of plumes on europa  a target in the search for life ⤵️
live now  chairman  mactxpress talk syria w/  mariabartiromo  foxnews - tune in 
i was honored to speak  cmuniversity s great lakes symposium  the lakes are a natl priority & i will continue worki…
brightline s broken promises continue  they promised to have positive train control in place before starting servic…
yesterday  chairman  repmccaul &  househomeland members heard from local  state  and federal officials on lessons l…
rt  vp  great news  yet another company investing billions into the american economy & creating more jobs for the american people because o…
due to the flu  pres  roosevelt chose to deliver his state of the union address as a fireside chat from the white house in 1944 s o t u history
a happy 198th birthday to our great state of maine  one of my favorite views from around our entire state is the s…
it was a pleasure meeting jackie flowers  general manager of  idahofallspower  we discussed hydropower  wildfires…
great to see  cspanwj talking about  deptofdefense audit this morning  important issue that we ve been pushing in c…
rt  repmialove  on the  housefloor  i speak in support of h r4293--improvement to the  stress test  for banks  the standards can be more…
today  i had the chance to discuss the new tax law with members of the springfield area  nfib​  great to hear about…
more and more good news for workers and communities because of tax reform  you can learn more at…
time is running out  send in your artwork for the congressional art competition today -&gt 
excited to welcome  alabamaftbl to dc & the  whitehouse to honor their national championship win 
tonight  president trump delivered his first stateofthe union address  now  it s up to congress to act on many of t…
congratulations to the 2017  ywcawcmi tribute award honorees  wonderful afternoon in grand rapids 
more pics from the  libertycaucus- usprogressives joint hearing on constitutional war powers 
constitutional issues involving the pres  executive orders on amnesty strike at the heart of separation of powers
rt  wjrradio  before the tax vote tomorrow   reppaulmitchell joins  newsguy760 next to preview the bill  share your thoughts on the tax pla…
today is the last day of filing taxes under an out-of-date tax code  the recently passed tax cuts simplify returns…
nearly 83 million utility customers are seeing lower bills and 4 million everyday americans  and counting  are rece…
the house has passed dozens of bipartisan bills that would provide much-needed regulatory relief for community fina…
ag sessions gives laminated hall pass for abusive bureaucrats  did loretta lynch ever clear out her desk 
rt  cspan   hasc  markup of defense authorization bill  fy18ndaa  – live on c-span2 and online here 
children are the most vulnerable among us  one way we can ensure their safety is by protecting their identity  toda…
members of congress don t have enough time to review some bills before a vote is held  our bipartisan r e a dit reso…
rt  realdonaldtrump  house votes today on choice/mission act  who will stand with our great vets  caregivers  and veterans service organiza…
u s  workers & businesses have been at a disadvantage for too long  we have to do better with our tax code & this budget helps us do that 
great to meet with the new director of chautauqua opportunities  franklin monjarrez  yesterday 
today at 10 a m  ⤵️
rt  newstalk1130  cong  jimpressoffice sensenbrenner on tax reform  and abortion ban after 20 weeks  join  jayweber3 at 8 30
american health insurance is in crisis  reform is not a choice  it s a necessity
today  the house was honored to have minister jeremiah tatum from  tn06  open our legislative day in prayer  video →
there s nothing better than meeting my newest constituents in washington   ca21 
yet another data breach  this week  orbitz announced a possible data breach that may have exposed the credit card d…
great news for all americans  a fantastic finish to small business week  tax cuts and jobs act…
did you eat your wheaties this morning for national cereal day 
last night  u s  and allied forces launched precision air strikes against the syrian regime in response to its use…
rt  repwalorski  we have a new tax code – now it s time for a new irs  the house just passed bipartisan legislation to redesign and moderni…
results → tax reform is bringing over  1 5b in new investments in the economy  and  1b in publicly-announced empl…
this legislation would require federal and state authorities to enforce existing law and accurately report relevant…
on this day 201 years ago  indiana became the 19th state to join the union  happy statehood day  hoosiers 
rt  foxbusiness    mariodb on tax cuts   here s the reality  wages are starting to go up  unemployment is at    record lows  people are get…
this retired police officer built a zip line to bring food to his family  amazing strength in the face of adversity…
video  ted the dog makes the case for case for adufa & agdufa ahead of wednesday s full cmte markup &gt &gt  t e d walks
rt  fwd_us  thank you  repnewhouse for your leadership and for working to pass a bipartisan legislative solution to protect dreamers by the…
thanks to  loudounsheriff deputy lopreto on drug take back day at the eastern loudoun station until 2pm today   va10 
all human life is precious and must be protected  i believe abortion is one of our countries greatest tragedies …
the senate democrats  schumer shutdown jeopardizes our national security  americans deserve better  senate democrat…
enjoyed touring pl developments and meeting with employees today in piedmont  sc03   one of four facilities across t…
rt  senatemajldr  in the senate  the minority has the power to filibuster  and on friday  the democratic leader made the extraordinary and…
i had the honor of paying my respects to america s pastor  billy graham  he dedicated his life to spreading the lov…
rt  repmikebishop  there s absolutely nothing in this funding bill that democrats oppose  i joined  repjackbergman  rephuizenga  reppaulmit…
in the most recent fy18 omnibus package  i voted in favor of education provisions that support our teachers includi…
by violating israeli airspace  iran has shown their aggression & efforts to destabilize the middle east  iran is th…
chairman  congmikesimpson  the bill maintains a strong nuclear deterrent to meet the challenges of a changing secur…
good call pierre  we ve had a long enough winter this year 
got to meet with alabama standout shaun alexander today   rtr  1999 s e c champions
a former small business owner herself  chairwoman  virginiafoxx has been talking to business owners who are putting…
the only way we can make our government efficient & transparent is through technology  that s why i ve been workin…
 allen put americans first  democrats chose illegal immigrants 
rt  heritage  the trump administration is developing an  outside-in  strategy  enlisting arab governments to take positive steps toward isr…
it is completely unacceptable that members of congress used taxpayer dollars to silence victims & settle sexual har…
the dissimilarity in zealousness between mueller & clinton investigations is serious  accordingly  i have referred…
 i don t feel that ca is being considered properly in the tax deal  since the founding of our income tax  the assum…
very glad mike osborne stopped by my dc office today  he s with alliance rehab and medical equipment in  ozarkmo 
education & workforce hearing on national and community service agency
this monday  i m holding a town hall at una beginning at 6 30 pm  stop by and be part of the q&a with your question…
thank you  nc11  veterans  and veterans across the country  for your service to america  we owe you everything 
great news for north dakota s agriculture producers as the trump administration announced the opening of u s  pork…
thank you to the veterans who shared their challenges w/ the va at our roundtable sat  morn in vancouver  i heard s…
rt  fema  here are updated numbers on hurricane maria recovery efforts in puerto rico  as of 10/10  more details at
60% of individuals w/ alzheimer s have wandered  results can be devastating  house overwhelmingly passes…
grateful to richard hampton of circuit interruption technology  inc   of rogers for testifying before yesterday s…
a special fundraiser at lourdes university as  sylvaniaoh proclaimed mary arquette day in honor of longtime vp  gre…
ready to fight for florida s citrus industry at today s agriculture subcommittee hearing with  usda  follow along f…
if you lose cattle in this blizzard  you may be eligible for the livestock indemnity program and/or elap  here are…
rt  cityofstcharles  honored to take part in the ribbon cutting with  imea_org of the new solar plant in st  charles today along with  reph…
it s the 2nd day of the schumer shutdown and  senatedems are still holding our government funding hostage  i think…
president trump presented a bold vision for an america w/ a thriving economy  secure border & powerful military  be…
one of the first responses i received was from paula  she wrote   excellent timing  just saw first check with reduc…
rt  houseagnews  claim  new proposal takes  snap  benefits away from children  elderly and disabled  fact  this proposal doesn t touch those…
thanks  mountstmarylr students for coming by the capitol today to visit with me during your time with  closeup_dc …
looking forward to reviewing documents from the  thejusticedept
glad to see some support building for term limits  i have long supported and co-sponsored term limit legislation si…
the senate  budgetgop has passed its version of tax reform out of committee  we are getting one step closer to much-needed tax reform 
rt  financialcmte  tomorrow  members of our committee will be asking questions of acting  cfpb director mulvaney about the c f p b s semi-ann…
for far too long  rural america has been left behind  i have been fighting for years for rural broadband expansion …
our culture  especially among men  must understand that it is never acceptable to sexually assault or harass anyone  breakingthesilence
victims of communism continue to pile up  in north korea  a soldier bravely attempts to defect  and is gunned down …
as a member of jscbapr  i m committed to working in a bi-partisan  bi-cameral fashion to fix the broken budget proc…
while there is still much more work to be done  backpage s closure will save hundreds of young women and children f…
tax day
thank god for the heroic actions of  mtjulietpolice that saved this toddler s life 
today  on national prescription drug take back day  in an effort to prevent misplaced  stolen & misused medications  yo…
 rtsmag good to see railroad track and structure folks to discuss how we can move an infrastructure plan that gets…
tax cuts and regulatory reforms have revived our economy  but i hear from hoosier businesses that steel and aluminu…
north texans stand united with manchester  my prayers are with the victims and families of this tragic attack 
  cindy_chastulik thanks for your question  ask buddy
welcome back steve 
what a difference  proud of what this congress has done to unleash economic growth  visit t…
president trump ran on promises to make america more prosperous and more secure  and in his first year in office he…
rt  househomeland  chairman  repjohnkatko &  househomeland members meet w/ officials at  schiphol airport to evaluate passenger and employe…
 in america  we know that faith and family  not government and bureaucracy  are the center of the american life   -…
  ferrismbball gets  ferrisstate s first national championship  congratulations 
proud to see that my top 3 priorities for eastern washington are included in the  houseagnews  farm bill  ✔️ prot…
aplaudo la decisión de paraguay de mover su embajada a la capital de israel  jerusalén  un paso que demuestra su…
introduced two more cost cutting bills yesterday  h r  2730 and h r  2731  together they would cut tens of millions in federal spending 
pleased that my legislation  introduced with  repmikequigley  to make taxpayer-financed congressional research serv…
in good conscience i could not accept pay knowing that our men and women in uniform and thousands of east tennessea…
    under the pro-business policies implemented by the trump administration  low-income and working-class families…
the tax cuts and jobs act lowers rates for individuals and families and makes much needed changes designed to spur…
congrats to  erinkingsweeney on leading fight for real ethics reform & integrity  and she will continue the fight 
 erinmaggiehvote  lvtrumpsh8 because activists r screaming doesn t mean they represent anyone but themselves  i continue to meet
rt  jimdemint  has gop in congress lost their minds  bailing out obamacare insurers & taxpayer funding of abortions  must read oped by  ted…
my joint resolution  h j res  85  proposes a constitutional amendment limiting members of the house to six terms an…
there are few things more important than our children s education  i am advocating for several bills that would di…
statement on the start of  hasc   fy18ndaa  mark up
america has no better friend on the face of the earth than the people of israel  wishing prime minister  netanyahu…
please join me in prayer for the families of the marines who were killed today in chattanooga 
the fbi s failure to act on a credible tip last month about the miami shooter s intentions was an unacceptable mist…
i appreciate that  potus is coming to see the great things happening in ohio s second district as a result of…
rt  newscentermaine  chilly sunset in aroostook county  📷  ellen trask
in co-03  community health centers play a critical role in caring for thousands of families  veterans  & folks batt…
watch  repwalberg speak at the start of today s subcommittee hearing to explore the  usdol s proposed rule to expan…
rt  haferre45  small business is the backbone of the us economy and they are optimistic about the future for good reasons   sbalinda
congratulations to the radford highlanders on their first ncaa tournament win with a 71-61 victory over liu brooklyn 
in honor of the  losalamosnatlab s 75th anniversary  i joined my  nm  colleagues to ask the  usnavy to designate the…
visited with a great group of students from  chs_leadstheway today at the u s  capitol  enjoy the rest of your trip 
i m thrilled to hear jack russell was named the new coo of  onezonecommerce  congratulations  jack  &gt &gt   in05 
rt  reptomreed  read the full bipartisan problem solvers caucus infrastructure plan here 
rt  stephhammonddc  thanks  goppolicy for inviting  worldvisionusa to speak at your capitolhill briefing about the humanitarian crisis in…
rt  osucasnr  want to be an intern for congressman  repfranklucas in d c  this fall  apply by tomorrow  8/7 at
thanks again for all the hard work paul 
if you live in malheur county  the ontario city hall on 4th street will serve as the d e a takebackday collection sit…
thanks to all the nebraskans who came to this morning s nebraska breakfast with  senatorfischer   sensasse …
🙏thank you for the opportunity--what a great group of students  p a15 proud
i couldn t agree more with today s press enterprise editorial  california s bullet train project should come to an…
  thenoahring  herschelwalker is my favorite  ugaathletics football player of all time  go dawgs  …
i enjoyed meeting with talquin electric youth tour representatives in tallahassee this week and learning about the…
next up  fair and simple tax reform  tax reform
happening now → i m chairing the  financialcmte monetary policy and trade subcommittee hearing on the foreign inves…
 hi_its_kari  indivisibleca48 r u just now educating urself on those issues  yes  i am a national advocate on number of significant issues
   this bill makes it clear that the killing of a child who has been born alive is a clear act of murder   marchfor life
it was a pleasure meeting with such a diverse group of hoosiers on capitol hill today  including the indiana firefi…
rt  chamberdigital  too many  12   agencies are regulating blockchain  if we do this right  blockchain adoption represents the best of am…
this week  facebook ceo mark zuckerberg will attend hearings on the potential misuse of customer data by analytic f…
in order to stop sex trafficking in our communities we must constantly be one step ahead of the perpetrators who co…
my statement on the tragic events in charlottesville  va 
great having  vicenews in the office today to go behind the scenes for our  housecommerce hearing into the pill dum…
🚨🚨🚨small biz confidence at all-time high🚨🚨🚨 bloomberg on the  nfib survey      producing one of the strongest read…
senate will attempt to defund planned parenthood before recess
icymi  nbc news -  frederick douglass  bill introduced in congress to curb human trafficking
rt  israelipm  thank you president trump for your bold decision and your commitment to prevent iran from ever getting nuclear weapons   pot…
happy hanukkah to all those celebrating 
he talks about lifting from welfare to jobs & independence  yet you guessed it   bumps on log
live  emerging threats & capabilities  fy19ndaa  mark kicks off - led by chairwoman  repstefanik - ndaa watch here…
excited to join with my colleague  repperlmutter with our shared interest in  energy national labs and new technolo…
ermalee hickel was a true gift to the state she helped build  she was an akn through and through & i m honored to have called her a friend 
the tax cutsand jobs act is reducing the tax burden on folks right here in colorado  in fact  a typical middle-income…
wishing many blessings to my friends of the jewish faith who are celebrating the beginning of passover 
anna mowery was a true leader for conservative causes in texas  she was a friend and will be dearly missed 
hr 390 will help ensure genocide survivors get the support they need to rebuild after facing the greatest threat of…
rt  cheathwftv   fsuttonwftv   repdennisross joins  senbillnelson in blasting low funding for hurricane relief
rt  housescience  ⚡️house science weekly wrap-up ⤵️
rt  flsheriffs  we are devastated by the news that deputy william gentry has died after being shot last night while on duty serving his com…
thank you ryan and rebecca holet  for seeing the value of human life and adopting a child of the opioid crisis  we…
i ve stated from the beginning that  secpompeo may go down as one of the greatest secretaries of state our nation h…
rt  mercatus   the costs to others will far exceed the gains   economists respond to new steel and aluminum tariffs 
happy to spend some time with the 2nd graders at all saints school  always enjoy meeting with constituents of all a…
at appalachian ohio p-20 meeting in cambridge-spoke about who influenced me as a young person
december 7  1941 - a day which will live in infamy  but awoke a sleeping giant  pearl harbor day
 icymi   millions of american workers are seeing the benefits of tax reform w/ over 300 employers giving bonuses & i…
thanks  savcds for bringing great weather to the u s  capitol  hope you enjoy the rest of your time in d c 
from tax relief to national security  we have seen historic accomplishments  we have made a great start  but there…
h r  5041  safe disposal of unused medication act  as amended  has passed the full cmte by voice vote
republicans have a long track-record of lauding family values as one of our core principles   speakerryan s decisio…
 mattmurphyshow  aunielindenberg  realtalk995 the number to call in is 205-545-9950   al06  a l politics radio town hall  realtalk995
rt  houseagnews  tune in   10 am to watch house ag s hrg on rural infrastructure 
hearing the story of  twoblindbros — bradford & bryan manning  who sell shirts to raise money for research to cure…
today i joined with the child advocacy network of monroe county to help kick off child abuse prevention month  they…
very proud of our speaker  while i am disappointed as a member of the house  he s got his priorities straight by pu…
last week  secretaryazar testified before  housecommerce sub health on his plans for  hhsgov s priorities  here are…
looking forward to bluffton mayfest this afternoon  i ll also be making my way to daufuskie island for the grand op…
head over to my website for n v flood17 information  updates  and basic safety tips 
the internet gives us incredible possibilities for discovery  innovation  and communication  thanks to  google for…
current immigration programs won t expire until march  yet  this shut down immediately impacts national security  c…
rt  housecommerce  live now  sub health convenes hearing on  oversight of the department of health and human services   where we will hear…
rt  gdsfoundation  that s one of the best speeches i ve heard in congress  it reminded me of our founding documents   -  repmoolenaar 2 fra…
join me live on my  conference call with your congressman   going on right now 
congratulations  james  we are all proud of you 
as we mark yom hashoah  we remember the 6 million jews brutally murdered in the holocaust  fewer & fewer voices are…
i welcome this continued implementation of the countering america s adversaries through sanctions act which i supp…
thank you to  americorps for the good work you do for those who are underserved in the lawrence community  national service works
with groundbreaking on the toyota-mazda joint assembly plant in limestone county just a few months away  i was plea…
 2/3  the local law enforcement and first responders are the heroes of this situation 
coming up on the 24 hour mark soon  you can watch live  cspan or
today was a big win for the 15 000 farmers of the fourth district  thanks to  brnagnews_nh for having me on to talk…
sub health is now considering the  improving access to remote behavioral health treatment act of 2018  discussion d…
we are already seeing the benefits of taxreform
new year  new tax code → the tax cutsand jobs act increases the standard deduction to  12 000 for individuals and  24…
made a quick stop today to say hi to our clay county firefighters  thanks for all you do for our community 
i ll be on your world with neil cavuto on  foxnews around 4 10 pm this afternoon  charles payne   cvpayne  is guest…
stay tuned  catch the next installment in our oversight hearings with  uscbo  tomorrow at 10 00 am  watch live here…
today  we remember the more than 2 400 americans who lost lives in the attack on pearl harbor  we must never forge…
my district director jp yates was on hand this afternoon at a rally in support of minnesota s liberian community  t…
i m excited to announce my annual academy night event for high school students in the 42nd congressional district w…
icymi- was pleased to join  appstate on constitution day  read more here 
spoke with  johndickerson on  facethenation yesterday  in case you missed it  you can watch the full interview here 
rt  sbagreatplains  morning in lenexa  ks  the s b a ignite tour continues with a visit to small biz firelake construction - an  sbagov 8a …
happy 50th anniversary  goparks  thank you for your support of tennessee s incredible national parks and the…
today is the last day that you will have to file your taxes under the old  outdated tax plan  the tax cuts and jobs…
rt  reploubarletta   we don t need a wa    
i recently spent some time touring small businesses in downtown shelby w/ the  internetassn to learn about how the…
  taylornbcmt  redcross so proud of our community for rallying together in trying times 
this thanksgiving  let s give thanks to god for our many blessings  wishing you and yours a happy and safe thanksgi…
this morning congress will pay our respects to rev  billy graham as he arrives at the capitol to lie in honor  tune…
rt  housecommerce  live now  sub energy hearing  doe modernization  legislation addressing cybersecurity and emergency response   watch her…
this month 90% of americans will see increased paychecks  the results of the tax cuts and jobs act just get better…
rt  mainst4growth    repbillshuster on the need for progrowth taxreform  must read  taxreform17 taxreformnow
thanks to  mcdowelltweet for a wide ranging and informative conversation that covered so many important topics  lot…
the hateful attack against kenya robinson is disgusting and has no place in our community  kenya and her family sho…
rt  gopoversight  live at 9 30et➡️the historic 2017 hurricane season  impacts on the u s  virgin islands  watch📺 ht…
i asked treasury secretary mnuchin if an individual can claim the refundable child tax credit w/ just individual ta…
rt  housegop  let s not arm our military with butter knives  let s give them what they need 
we must continue our work towards a reasonable solution that secures our borders  humanely deals with those living…
yesterday  i met w/ several constituents in york on topics like  health care reform  tsa  veteran issues  the heroi…
hundreds of thousands of rape kits remain untested in the united states - leaving sexual assault victims without th…
new year  new tax code with lower tax rates  what will you do with more money in your pocket in 2018  happy new year…
it is an honor to address the first ever arkansas fire policy forum this morning  this collection of experts from…
in addition  senator schumer did not oppose a recent white nominee in south carolina also nominated by president trump 
i was glad to hear from our nw ohio mayors and utility directors regarding the electrical services they provide to…
 we appreciate that the committee funds the nasa education account at  100 million and includes full funding for th…
america s hard-working women play a critical role in our workforce and economy  i remain committed to supporting al…
rt  houstonhealth  are you ready for hurricane season  now is the time to prepare  hurricane preparedness week 📋 make a plan 📦 build a kit…
rt  rephultgren  it s small business week and we re live in wauconda with local businesses and the  jobcreatorsusa to talk about how tax cu…
 trm_mgmt  repcurbelo  hurdonthehill  housegop  senategop  jim_jordan  freedomcaucus  speakerryan you meant to tag…
rt  rephalrogers  my ky house colleagues  repandybarr   repguthrie   kycomer & i urge senate democrats to put our military & children s hea…
i don t know when the next speaker election is  but can we all agree right now that if a member got duped into foll…
gen  kelly will do an outstanding job as  potus chief of staff  true american hero  i m proud to be his friend 
the iran deal was a deeply flawed agreement that provided the world s largest state sponsor of terror w/ billions o…
to all the moms of northwest georgia  happy mothers day 
sitting down with  coxmg s team in  oh10  to talk news of the day and update them on what s happening in washington …
my staff is coming to jasper as part of my mobile office  stop by newton county senior activity & wellness center o…
our law enforcement officers put their lives on the line each and every day to protect us  today  we celebrate them…
rt  senatorburr    senthomtillis and i wrote in the  fayobserver on the benefits of tax reform as we filed our taxes a last time under the…
completed cleanup of a high-hazard waste site at hanford is a testament to commitment of workers   greater tri-cit…
big news for wisconsin taxpayers   ustreasury released the new withholding tables today  this means that most worke…
icymi  house approves bill banning cash payments to iran
rt  1200woai   millions of americans will have more take home pay starting next month  a lot more    sotu 
october is breast cancer awareness month  read my wife s article with useful information about prevention 
the opioid epidemic has touched every neighborhood in america  i m encouraged that  realdonaldtrump is committed to…
enjoyed talking with  cvpayne on  foxbusiness this week about why i nominated  realdonaldtrump for the 2019 nobel p…
 they impact our core business  the success of our customers and the lives of our local residents – all in direct and tangible ways  
for my full statement —&gt 
rt  housesmallbiz  huge news for america s 30 million small businesses  optimism among small manufacturers at highest level ever recorded a…
gun ownership is at an all time high and violent crime has decreased  guns in america
 small businesses have also received a massive tax cut  and can now deduct 20 percent of their business income   th…
chairman  drphilroe statement on  speakerryan 
rt  bobzima  honored to have  randyhultgren visit  genoahealthcare &  aidtweets to see innovations in tele-psychiatry & medication managem…
i appreciate  realdonaldtrump signing the ndaa into law that continues our support for those serving in our nation …
reverend graham will continue to be an inspiration to people across the world and may we all aspire to take his wor…
rt  waysandmeansgop  tune in  at 2 00pm the health subcommittee will host a hearing on the implementation of m a r c r a s physician payment po…
today i hosted a dairy roundtable with farmers in clinton county to hear concerns and discuss solutions to help str…
earlier this week  the senate judiciary committee s fisa memo led by  chuckgrassley and  lindseygrahamsc was releas…
odd that there is so much coverage today calling for action to stop school violence yet almost zero media coverage/…
if talks with north korea lead to concrete action   realdonaldtrump should be well on his way to a nobel peace priz…
rt  financialcmte  despite the snow in d c   our markup is continuing as scheduled today  watch live starting at 10am et 
below is my full statement on the trump administration s announcement today to phase out  daca 
the time for tax reform is now 
we can fully fund our military and balance the federal budget  here s how 
at the friends of ireland luncheon with  speakerryan  president trump  and the prime minister of ireland today  thi…
now  join me on  foxbusiness making money with  cvpayne &  fordoconnell 
the kids at the together community center in paradise  pa wanted to read a new book  so i sat down with them and we…
rt  soar_eky  nesco resources is hiring for abc automotive in london  they will have a job fair on december 6 in manchester  fore more info…
happy birthday to my colleague from arizona   repgosar 
rt  milakoumpilova  eight members of mn s congressional delegation -  amyklobuchar  sentinasmith  keithellison  bettymccollum04  ricknolan…
here s an op-ed i submitted to the gettysburg times regarding the first few weeks of the 115th congress 
i was proud to join my colleagues in the house and vote to reopen the government  it was about time senate democrat…
tune in this thursday  at my request  the oversight and government reform committee is holding a hearing on how bri…
for the 12th year running  alabama s first class pre-k program has once again been recognized as one of the best st…
thread  the joint comprehensive plan of action  jcpoa  was a bad deal that left iran as a nuclear threshold state w…
rt  983thecoast  from the newsroom  upton talks school safety and protests  as students protested school violence across the country wednes…
congratulations to  jerrykramer64gb  finally inducted in  profootballhof  grew up in sandpoint  all-american…
learn more about my bill here 
chairman  usreprodney  this bill affects every part of the country  making important investments in water and power…
thanks to  flgovscott and  adamputnam for recognizing dire needs of fl orange growers  congress needs to pass my ci…
if you re a student artist in  mi06  please make sure to enter our 2018 congressional art competition  more info her…
happy national taco day  next time you re in tx27  be sure to have some of the best tacos in texas 
discussed federal laws  rules  and regulations regarding retirement and life insurance with ohio agents from…
happening now   michaelcburgess is on the  housefloor managing the combined rule for h r  2824 and 2792  watch live on  cspan
today s events at douglas high school are heartbreaking  it s the latest  devastating and unacceptable demonstratio…
just announced  8 suncoast students have received an appointment to our nation s military service academies  congra…
 cookiemuffen will keep doing my best  thanks for helping out  please stay in the twitter debates 
rt  ucsjc  just finished a great and productive meeting with  rodneydavis  office on climate resilient infrastructure   noaa and  nasa scie…
rt  speakerryan  rt to agree → this day is long overdue  jerusalem has been  and always will be  the eternal  undivided capital of the stat…
rt  houseappropsgop  the house has approved the fy18 omnibus on a vote of 256-167  this is great news for our armed forces and for our coun…
maintaining 12 operational aircraft carriers will enable  usnavy to provide coverage we need w/o overworking our sailors & ships  fy18ndaa 
happy national agriculture day to all of ky-02 s farmers 
at the community house in moorestown this morning with eagles head coach doug pederson  coach eugene chung  and the…
 sickmemesbrody  natemaddencrtv the problem with your logic   politicians need to save the public from itself   is…
we will hold three town hall meetings this saturday  april 14  the meetings will be held at the following locations and times 
   which i have cosponsored  & the kids first research act 2 0  legislation which i introduced to provide more rese…
in addition to permanently fixing the program  i believe any plan should meet the following principles 
great visit to the coca-cola north america paw paw plant yesterday  seeing all their hard work up close was awesome…
rt  pjminterconnect   repryancostello offers insights on energy issues with  pjm  employees today  cybersecurity and gridresilience are pr…
i ll be hosting a telephone town hall wed   march 28   5 25pm pst  you can get on the list to receive a phone alert…
the house passed my legislation to finally call these henchmen out for who they really are - thugs  via  dcexaminer
rt  ushousehistory  unbought and unbossed  celebrate womens history month with shirley chisholm  the 1st african american women in congress …
now that the budget is passed   housegop is focused on reforming the u s  tax code to create jobs and increase wage…
had the opportunity to talk to students at the  navalacademy and tell them what it s like to be a member of congres…
great to have state college constituent melissa hamsher testify before the house  natresources about her work w/ pe…
today marks the 25th anniversary of the first attack on the world trade center when terrorists detonated a bomb ins…
 1/2  the exclusion of my amendment to  hr3053   the nuclear waste policy amendments act  which included responsible…
i was recently interviewed on the veterans leadership blog podcast  listen here 
yesterday  i met with presidents and leaders from all across the americas  we held discussions on a range of issues…
my best wishes to ambassador john bolton as he returns to public service as  realdonaldtrump s national security adviser 
did you know that each week i host a radio show called congressional review  tune in here 
thankful for my friendship with  repstevestivers &  repbeatty
congratulations to les greene  from the key west band patrick and the swayzees  for making it to the next round on…
today  the surgeon general emphasized the importance of naloxone  a potentially lifesaving medication that helps re…
need a new job  a better job  a higher-paying job  after tax reform there are now 6 6 million open jobs – a record…
now this is a parade i can support  eagles parade fly eagles fly
tune in now  i m joining the medicaid panel at  rollcall s health care decoded 
legislative branch subcommittee chairman  repkevinyoder  our bill continues to hold funding for the us house at mor…
rt  repgoodlatte  the american people finally have the opportunity to read the information contained in the intelligence committee s memo …
s  1094 holds the va accountable for protecting our veterans 
i am committed to keeping the ptsd residential rehabilitation program  prrp  at the doris miller va medical center …
join me tomorrow at 9am for a facebook live washington dc update  see you tomorrow morning 
i believe tax reform should benefit all americans and not pick winner states over loser states  my full statement o…
shutdown schumer putting illegal aliens ahead of our military and children 
i have been a long-time champion of the debbie smith dna backlog grant program  this police week2018  i m proud to…
we ve seen time and time again in our history that when we fail to lead abroad  it actually endangers our safety an…
i wholeheartedly believe in the goal of nasro & sro programs to provide safe learning environments in schools   inattygeneral l e task force
rt  energy  did you know nuclear plants provide roughly 20% of america s electricity and 60% of our clean energy  nuclear sci week
rt  nyse  live on the floor with sara weir  ceo of the  ndss  and blake pyron  owner of  blakessnowshack
watching the news about the train collision carrying my republican colleagues and staff as i fight the flu  hope t…
this bill requires those who are able-bodied to either work or participate in training for snap recipients so that…
this week  in the people s house  we re working on a number of priorities for america s heroes 
north texas is home to airports  pilots  and many passengers who rely on the  faanews  tonight at  rulesreps  we re…
rt  ncsoybeans  it s earthday2018  did you know that as stewards of the land  farmers are committed to conservation efforts across the cou…
rt  foxnews  pentagon officials speak on military strikes in syria 
these problems can go undetected for yrs & have real consequences for americans  retirement security & for social security s trust funds
barbara bush was the gracious matriarch of one of america s true political dynasties  mrs  bush was a force in the…
new tax package cuts taxes for middle class families  simplifies broken tax code   jump-starts economy  sayfie
great to be back this morning for the first congressional baseball practice of the season  the annual game is about…
rt  jd_lowery  got to experience the u s  capitol from a new perspective today  thanks to  repwesterman   and his staff for the opportunit…
critical that we continue to pursue the truth & ensure the integrity of our election system 
posey to speak with brevard students about stem education  politics
rt  ponderela  in 1989   roslehtinen ileana won a special election and became the first cuban american and latina elected to congress   sfh…
 ff   jeffflake
rt  amchemmatters  thank you chairman thornberry for visiting with  solvaygroup in borger  tx on friday  it was great getting to discuss t…
varns and hoover hardware has been a fixture in the middlebury community for more than 125 years  it was an honor t…
rt  dbongino  jim jordan is solid  we need more like him 
this national day of prayer - may we take a moment  together  to appreciate our past  work toward unity in our presen…
thanks to  anusharoy9news and  kyleclark for covering the plight of american-ethiopians in  co   i will continue to…
new   housescience questions  fbi s disbanding of national security higher education advisory board  a forum betwee…
another great example of how tax reform is benefiting employees at tyson foods -- we are investing in our people
rt  ypgreaterpeoria  thanks to  replahood and the ypgp government affairs committee for putting on pints & politics last night  🍻🇺🇸
as the  dcexaminer rightly points out  thanks to  potus cutting historic amounts of red tape & rolling back years o…
rt  repratcliffe  today i joined my friend   tgowdysc  to discuss the strengthening children s safety act  
the loss of two gilchrist county deputies has shaken our community to its core  the man who carried out this ambush…
rt  93wibc  next on  tonykatz |  reptrey talks about syria  spending and tariffs  tune in now 
dyk → the tax cuts and jobs act will create 975 000 new full-time jobs in the united states  111 108 of those jobs…
good morning  joining  ffweekend now to discuss the crumbs act   foxnews  foxandfriends
check out my latest newsletter to learn more about the oregon priorities secured in the recent government funding m…
i m looking forward to two great games today  purdue and butler are representing hoosiers this march madness season…
this means that washington takes less while individuals  families and job creators keep more  that s a good thing 
it was great to meet w/ courtney berry  from osu & the citizens for space exploration discussing the benefits of sp…
we are all saddened by the passing of our friend and colleague  louiseslaughter  our heartfelt condolences are with…
  potus has ordered all us flags be flown at half-staff in honor of those killed and wounded in sutherland springs 
memo to freedom caucus  trump base is the american people not a small faction of obstructionists  kudos to  potus trump 
record dow  historic tax cuts  booming economy  american optimism high – these things are why democrats have resort…
congrats to the winner of the winner of the 2018 congressional art competition - massey hill classical high school…
rt  rogermarshallmd  in our tele-townhall we asked callers how they felt about requiring work-capable adults that receive food stamps to ei…
watch national police week hearing on bldg trust b/w law enforcement & communities live 2 pm 
thanks to all who walked to raise awareness against rape  assault and violence against women at the  ywca s  walk a…
collins meets with local lawmakers to discuss rural broadband expansion -
today we mark one of our most solemn days and remember selfless americans who laid down their lives and made the ultimate sacrifice
merit monday  hr559 
it was an honor to host him on capitol hill a little over a year ago 
unelected bureaucrats in washington many times forget that regulations have real world effects 
manatee   sarasota counties are 1 2 in fl for fentanyl overdose deaths  we have to fight this killer drug sayfie
today  i announced that i ll be joining the civility and respect caucus with  donnorcross4nj read my full statement…
rt  speakerryan  we should not allow one more day—one more hour—to go by without giving our men and women in uniform what they have earned …
low energy rates have been critical to our region  when necessary  i will continue to urge the administration to ab…
today i spoke with  khqa about my ag bill  funding for our government  and more  you can watch the clip here 
military service academy info  session sat  sept  30 from 10-12   the vancouver comm  library  for prospective candidates & their families 
thank you to the students and faculty at aurora west college prep academy for their warm welcome and great discussi…
googlers can receive educational reimbursement for courses outside of work  even if it doesn t relate to their role g o p future
 n_foley_  klgoertzen met with thousands of constituents last year  will soon start telephonic town halls where more citizens participate
congratulations to mckenzie evans on being named the 2018 congressional art competition winner for  nm02   ---&gt …
icymi  hotel stays for harvey impacted residents have been extended until monday  april 23  2018  learn more at …
earlier this week in indian land  i had a productive meeting with  cvspharmacy employees and pharmacists about how…
rt  repmccaul  at the  whitehouse with  potus for a roundtable discussion on sanctuary cities  watch live here 
thornberry votes in support of defense appropriations bill
joining  teamcavuto in just a few moments to discuss healthcare  make sure you tune in 
 300 american companies have given bonuses  increased benefits  or raised wages for  3 000 000 american workers  th…
nearly 1000 students  plungemn plunging today  teacher mike doyle  wayzatahs leading students w/ his unified phy…
thank you to  realdonaldtrump and mrs  trump for hosting me in the rose garden this afternoon as mrs  trump announc…
visiting with some south jersey students & attending coast guard celebration events in cape may this week  hope eve…
discussed need for access to clean drinking water  medical care  and improving communications - among other things 
there s a mismatch between our children s education and skills needed for high-paying  in-demand jobs  great talkin…
cindy and i were not on the train this morning  our thoughts are with all involved  we are thankful for the first…
  realdonaldtrump s action today is a decisive first step in the long road to undoing the damage caused by the obam…
rt  jdrfadvocacy  thank you   reptomreed  for your constant and outstanding support of all those living with type 1 diabetes  your leaders…
watch  repwalberg deliver his opening remarks at the start of today s subcommittee hearing on worker-management rel…
calling all high school artists across  nj11-  my congressional art competition has kicked off  if you would like to…
see something say something only works when government hears something and does something  we must be proactive to en…
as a combat veteran who fought in two wars  i am also deeply troubled that section 232  which is intended to protec…
rt  baldwincountyed  looking to join baldwin county s growing aerospace workforce  stop by  segersaerocorp in fairhope  on may 3rd  for th…
world i p day recognizes the significant economic & social impact that intellectual property has had on our nation  o…
great day at the pequannock 35th annual family hoedown 
i am deeply saddened by the horrific terrorist attack in barcelona today  we pray for the victims and stand together against terrorism 
h r  5176  preventing overdoses while in emergency rooms act of 2018  as amended  has been reported to the full cmte by voice vote 
also on this day in 1971   amtrak railroad begins operation  pictured is one of the first engines painted for openin…
rt  govtrack  the recommendations we ve made to congress over the last decade  and new practices congress has already informally began  wou…
rt  whnt  watch live  medal of honor celebration ceremony held in huntsville to honor capt   ret   mike rose for his bravery in combat duri…
rt  hhsgov  hhs employees  including  depsechargan  participated in federal take back day today  you too can safely dispose of unused or exp…
inspiring to see how people in  oh15  step up - thanks to curtis and the rest of the crew helping fl recover  irma
tomorrow  i ll be speaking with constituents in the 19th district for a live  interactive meeting  we ll discuss pr…
i m thankful the  waysandmeansgop and  repkevinbrady added the irs fast act to the taxpayer first act which is the…
while i understand the need to make sure we are engaged in trade deals that put americans first  a broad set of tar…
had a great time joining the n  al radio control assc  for a flight demonstration & discussion on the impact of…
social security is too important to not give workers & their families the certainty of a permanent fix 
rt  pacswolverines  prince alumnus  forde norris  signs with us military academy at west point
  gwells1982
nice pick  potus  cc   realdonaldtrump
rt  acec_ky   acec_ky enjoyed our time talking water and transportation infrastructure with  repguthrie yesterday  a c e c annual2018
glad to meet with tom and libby bates this pm  discussed very important issue of veterans and cte 
what a fun group  enjoyed meeting these folks from sherwood…
number of days since the house of representatives sent the senate all twelve appropriations bills funding the gover…
senator schumer &  senatedems made the choice to put illegal immigrants over the health care of 9 million american…
reminder  hosting a veterans town hall tomorrow   10 am in winnemucca  more details here 
rt  repmackenzie  i am happy to announce my fall shredding event will be held on saturday  october 14  from 10 a m  to 1 p m  the   
today in the house  we passed a bill to reauthorize the  faanews and included critical  fema reforms so that commun…
it was great to meet with scott newman-bale  the president of business development  shortsbrewing in elk rapids 
joining  kilmeade for his radio show this morning  tune in at 9 20 a m  texas time  listen live at -
for the 1st time in over 10 years  the  surgeon_general released a public health advisory aimed at combating the…
i m excited to announce the winners of the 4th congressional district s congressional app challenge  congratulation…
 ga12  reminder   vaaugusta will be holding a hiring event for registered nurses today from 3 30 to 7 30 p m 
the iran deal was a flawed deal from the start  emboldening the iran regime with sanctions relief while allowing th…
rt  manateegov   vernbuchanan we will be working after the storm to get the county working again  hunker down and be safe  hurricaneirma
rt  apmckibben  we are grateful to  repwesterman for talking all things public service with our  ehsgocats today  thank you for sharing yo…
✅more trade  not less ✅do no harm my editorial in the  dallasnews on  nafta  2 0
the current bipartisan budget deal contains an extension of the fuel cell investment tax credit  this credit is ess…
day 8 for 31 reasons4 tax reform→ businesses spend too much    filing taxes when they could be investing those resour…
my first read of the day   the fiery angel  western culture and its  dis contents   via  dkahanerules
rt  hascrepublicans  live now  chairman  repmiketurner leads tacairland subcommittee hearing on fy19 budget request on air force airborne i…
rt  burlesonisd  bisd hosted a safety and security roundtable discussion led by u s  congressman roger williams to bring awareness to house…
on this day in 1928 pres calvin coolidge gives medal of honor to charles lindbergh for his 1st trans-atlantic flight 
rt  yhnradio  join  yhnradio at 11 15 on  101superstation as we welcome  usrepgarypalmer we will discuss the alexandria  va shooting a l pol…
rt  hascrepublicans  chairmen  mactxpress  senjohnmccain statement on defense business board findings on pent  bureaucracy
congrats  david_redl for clearing  senatecommerce  great working w/ you on spectrum & more  housecommerce  you deserve  senatefloor vote 
this afternoon at 2 pm the committee will meet on the cr & the concealed carry reciprocity act  watch the hearing l…
it was a great honor to be with our brave service members and diplomats in iraq and kuwait with  judgecarter  i had…
during national park week   i join  interior and  secretaryzinke in welcoming all alabamians to find your park   alab…
this morning  i attended the national prayer breakfast  i had the opportunity to sit with bobby griffin of bristol …
the taxcutsandjobsact helps americans keep more of their hard-earned money to save or spend as they see fit  an av…
the town of yucca valley is the latest local community to support my bill   hr3668   ca08 
rt  foxnews    jim_jordan   the american people didn t elect democrats to control the united states congress  they elected republicans   ht…
rt  whitecoatwaste  we were proud to meet with purple heart recipient  repbrianmast &  sgillums  amvetshq to discuss ending wasteful & crue…
happy mardi gras 
great night with  ndss and their science and clinical advisory board 
congrats to jason santomaso  from sterling  who was named the runner-up champion at the world livestock auctioneering contest a few days ago
today  i met with representatives from the fraternal order of police to discuss issues impacting officers in north…
chairwoman  virginiafoxx talks about the importance of evidence-based workforce development programs in new…
ensuring workers have the skills and knowledge to obtain jobs in our community is critical  thanks to the advance c…
rt  foxnews  lieutenant william buchanan and emergency medical technician sean ochsenbein each receive the medal of valor for rescuing a ma…
rt  financialcmte  chairman  rephensarling statement on tonight s senate vote 
rt  congressmangt   farmbill  fact check  cbo estimates that 1 million  people would leave the snap rolls over 10 years because they get…
thanks to the 83rd junior livestock show of spokane for letting me join for the opening ceremony last night  as a y…
rt  housebudgetgop  chairman  rep_stevewomack   simply put  tax reform is working   yesterday marked the last time americans will file usin…
the good news keeps coming  here s the full list of how 2 million american workers  and counting   are benefiting f…
rt  abcmichigan  great panel moderated by  abcnational s ben brubeck on federal labor issues  including infrastructure investment and tax r…
bainbridge township troop 102 s newest eagle scouts are ryan sweeney  scott sciuva  and james burg  thank you for c…
these were interviews  not  grillings   never once was the witness  attacked   never once was special counsel muell…
👏🏽inspired by this room full of future leaders  runningstart 2018 young women to watch awards  womens history month
otd- the great swamp nwr was established in 1960  proud of all the great work to expand and preserve this site 
rt  lwcfcoalition  thank you  repryancostello for your support of  lwcf  
  daytonhistory s mound cold war discovery center is making the transition to an economic development site  it s ex…
house passes posey s bipartisan legislation to honor the 65th infantry regiment –  the borinqueneers   politics
an incredible moment → i am happy to see the return of three americans  and i commend  potus and  secpompeo on a jo…
rt  libertycaucus  vote alert  hlc statement on  hr1730   protecting religiously affiliated institutions act of 2017
rt  vp  congratulations mr  president  your strong leadership and our america first policies are paying dividends here at home and on the w…
rt  teamcavuto  congressman jim jordan on the omnibus spending bill  my read is that this is a bad piece of legislation cavuto  jim_jordan…
rep  leonard lance  r-n j   walks through the capitol after the house passed a budget  with lance voting nay 
rt  annagilestv  happening now at wmu  u s  rep fred upton  r-st joseph  hosts a listening session about school safety and mental health is…
rt  vali_nasr  the case for restraint  exploring areas of bipartisan cooperation in american foreign policy a conversation with congressmen…
day 15 for 31 reasons4 tax reform→ pro-growth tax reform will help you save more 💵 & plan better for the future 
faithfully serving alongside her husband  barbara bush championed literacy and was the embodiment of what it means…
we need to make it very clear what silicon valley can do with your data- putting you  the user  in the driver s sea…
moving forward  i pledge to do what i can to work with  potus to hold iran accountable  push back against their nu…
 neither snow nor rain nor heat nor gloom of night  will keep these nj letter carriers from doing their job 
the total cost to build the central arizona project and the navajo generating station was more than  4 billion  app…
deadly synthetic drugs like fentanyl enter the united states in packages shipped internationally through the postal…
congress and the administration are working to protect sex trafficking victims and bring traffickers to justice …
on the way to the annual gop retreat  the train that my colleagues and i were traveling on was involved in an accid…
rt  inhousegop  thanks for taking time to talk with our interns today   reptrey 
voting ends tomorrow  don t miss your chance to vote for your favorite congressional art competition submission 
rt  hascrepublicans  live  seapower & projection forces  fy19ndaa  markup - led by chairman  robwittman watch at 1 30 pm here 
rt  trobinsonwndu  congressman fred upton is at niles high school as they discuss the best plans to ensure the safety of their students  ht…
another hoosier manufacturer said that because of tariffs  our increase in steel cost is larger than the entire cos…
rt  mcconnellpress  thx  rephalrogers  repandybarr  repguthrie  kycomer for passing the senate budget & taking another step towards tax r…
thanks to tax reform  jpmorgan announced they will invest  20 billion in u s  operations that provide loans for sma…
today we honor the sacrifice and service of our men and women in uniform  thank you for your service  veterans day
in natural resource hearing on bills including those to address wildlife conservation
rt  repdesantis  our letter from yesterday referred mccabe to doj for potential false statements and i m glad to see the oig follow suit  w…
today will surely shine throughout world history  after decades of delay  the usa will officially recognize…
my statement on the president s executive order on association health plans is here  updated link  
rt  financialcmte  video   reptrey   repmialove   reptipton   repfrenchhill and  repseanduffy have worked to get bills that help smallbiz…
in my column this week  i explain why the tax cutsand jobs act means good news for alabama families and small busines…
great to spend some time  and present an american flag flown over the u s  capitol  to the state champion benton ha…
icymi - another round of congratulations for the green knights 
we have another busy week ahead in the house  take a look at the voting schedule  which includes my west fork fire…
 the u s  unemployment rate fell to 3 9 percent in april  the lowest since december 2000  the economy also added 16…
the level of improper payments that our government authorizes is staggering   gopoversight is holding a hearing tod…
icymi  the bipartisan budget act of 2018 established a bipartisan  bicameral select committee to fix the broken bud…
this week s newsletter 
rt  gregfenves   congculberson  thank you for supporting basic research through  nsf and  nasa
rt  westerncaucus  the 2018 farm bill is now public  and our members are speaking out about what they like in the text  read statements by…
linda and ray gravenstein are from tomball in  tx10   they came to washington to raise awareness for the digestive d…
for those who were not able to catch today s hearing on tax reform  you can watch the full hearing here 
tax reform - not just important for take home pay  but also making the us more competitive in the international mar…
proud to join  repmcsally in supporting efforts to restore readiness   read  more via  riponadvance …
icymi  the  nytimes   there are 39 pages in the labor department s february report on the employment situation in t…
rt  colo_politics  should they  h/t  repkenbuck copolitics coleg
next  i ll be joining  harrisfaulkner on  foxnews at 10 30 am  pst  to discuss the latest on north korea and iran  tune in  outnumbered o t
today i voted for and the house approved bills to → ✔ fund the children s health insurance program  chip  ✔ provi…
one step closer to the tax reform americans deserve 
the american people deserve answers  i m requesting speaker ryan ask  pursuant to house rules  chairman nunes to de…
republicans and democrats need to work together and reform our immigration policies   sotu 
the latest edition of  work week with congressman faso  has been published  read about some of the things i did in…
 senschumer  check your facts  the most days of a government shutdown were a total of 57 days over the course of 4…
sign up for email updates at
my friendship with my colleague rep   louiseslaughter went beyond politics  louise s kind words and counsel were a…
rt  speakerryan  great news  thanks to the tax cuts and jobs act  walmart—america s largest employer—is raising wages  providing bonuses  a…
good to visit today with guests from goose creek and students from bishop england  battlingbishops who were here fo…
happy 73rd anniversary of your liberation day  big sonia  and thank you for delivering your message to congress wit…
rt  repronestes  thank you  mr  speaker  i m honored and ready to get to work 
rt  seuniversity    repdennisross  even if the issues we are discussing aren t new  our understanding of the evolving needs surrounding the…
rt  repmimiwalters  online personal sections have long been misused for the illicit sale of men  women  and children  thanks to the recent…
happy birthday to the u s  navy  thank you to our sailors for your service  242 navy bday
full house today at america veterans  i enjoyed speaking with  matureamericans about veterans needs  overblown budg…
rt  iamjanedoefilm  thank you  repannwagner for championing  fosta   sesta  and giving victims a pathway to justice against websites that fac…
reminder  this friday is the deadline for the third district congressional art competition 
in findlay today at  whirlpoolcorp  manufacturing confidence is 📈with pro-growth policies  great for  oh05  and ou…
by unleashing american energy  we can create jobs in our state and improve colorado s economy 
saddened this morning to hear of the passing of my colleague  louise slaughter of new york  it was always clear how…
the very first medals of honor were presented onthisday in 1863  today  we honor all who have gone above and beyon…
  usarmy acting secretary ryan mccarthy and i are committed to ensuring our soldiers have the resources necessary t…
our veterans deserve the best care possible  my colleagues and i at the committee on veterans affairs have worked t…
rt  bpc_bipartisan  reminder  this wednesday  march 14   sandydavisbpc will testify before  housebudgetgop on  uscbo oversight  more inform…
so pleased her procedure was successful  wishing  flotus a full and speedy recovery 
this attack on innocent children in parkland  florida is heartbreaking  please join me in keeping the victims  the…
visited stanislaus county veterans court this morning to see a graduation and meet with judge rick distaso  my vete…
this thanksgiving i hope you enjoy time with your loved ones  share blessings and good stories  and eat a little to…
tune in to  foxbusiness this morning at 8 15am central  talking to  varneyco re  ca gov  jerry brown saying he ll s…
rt  repdonbacon  nebraskan farmers & ranchers depend on trade  trade promotion efforts are critical to keeping pace with foreign competito…
tonight   potus made clear to the american people that they can once again be optimistic about the future 
i had a great time meeting with local business leaders in lee county yesterday  small businesses are the lifeblood…
thanks for having me  boys  it s always great talking with you and your listeners
made right here in kck at the  gm fairfax assembly plant by some of the finest manufacturing workers in the usa
this thanksgiving  i m thankful for all the men and women serving overseas who are unable to be with their families…
breaking 🚨 problem solvers caucus endorses  repcurbelo- sethmoulton legislation to ban bump stocks 
    and no vote in the senate until final hour  2 232 page bill  broken promises on  we read the bills before we pa…
 icymi   i joined  melissaafrancis on  foxbusiness to discuss how tax reform will reduce taxes on the middle-class &…
we ve got roads  bridges and airports that need our attention  an infrastructure package will benefit the american…
la wins in the bill  our flood and other disaster victims get the tax breaks we ve fought for all year long  we pre…
great to join  larslarsonshow just now to discuss the costly impact of a court-ordered forced increased spill on hy…
hope to see many south jersey residents supporting men & women serving locally as part of  uscoastguard community f…
  wandtvnews   utility customers to see savings after corporate tax drop  tax reform
today is national law enforcement appreciation day  thank you to all the brave men and women that protect and serve o…
in today s world  broadband is not a luxury  but rather a necessity  farms  businesses  and families are suffering…
watch live  🖥️ web  📺 youtube  👍 facebook live 
rt  housebudgetgop  icymi  this morning  the committee held its annual members  day hearing  check out chairman  rep_stevewomack s full sta…
it was long  often tough  work  however  as chair of the subcommittee which began the march to full funding  i m ve…
thanks to  ingrahamangle radio for having me on this am -- important to share why  ca  sanctuary city policies are a…
congratulations to batavia and genesee county s online only news source  thebatavian for celebrating your 10th anni…
as chairman of the nuclear cleanup caucus  i cannot stress enough the importance of this issue and was proud to sup…
rt  waysandmeansgop    reptipton    we are saying goodbye to an outdated and burdensome tax code and welcoming one that finally works for t…
jamal
thanks to  secretaryzinke and  interior for highlighting idaho s jim mcclure-jerry peak wilderness as a hidden gem 
it takes heart  determination  risk  and a backbone to start and run a small business  this is probably why small b…
at wh talking to  realdonaldtrump​ about putting rural america first  w/ stronger economy  better tax code  fewer…
yesterday i was delighted to welcome the garland youth council to our nation s capital  thank you to mayor…
rt  nasahqphoto  jim bridenstine is sworn-in as  nasa s 13th administrator by  vp pence  check out the first pictures -
rt  houseforeign  chairman  repedroyce welcomes admin sanctions on russian cyber actors
elijah from bako stopped by to share how type 1 diabetes has impacted his life  this impressive young man has a br…
rt  chopadvocacy  thanks very much to  repryancostello for meeting with us and our colleagues from  childrensatl about the importance of re…
during the  houseagnews farm bill mark-up today  i offered an amendment to help support high-speed internet in rura…
 hi_its_kari  hfrankly i have not seen details of all of them  so i can only say i agree with most of those i am aware of
re  tax reform
great news  the president has signed the amelia earhart post office act
rt  foxnews    franklin_graham   i m so excited that the president isn t afraid to mention the name of jesus christ  
tune in to  nbcsports this sunday for a 1 hour special on the  renoairraces  rgj 
rt  senmikelee  retweet if you agree that republicans in the senate should make democrats start voting on each of the appropriations bills…
thank you to all the silent heroes who step up when their spouses serve our country in uniform  today  on national…
rt  houseagnews  for those who work in acres  not hours  we thank you  happy national farmers day  thank a farmer
it was great to celebrate national ffa week  in fact  i still have my jacket from salem high school s future farmer…
do you want your art displayed in the u s  capitol  if you  or a high school student you know  are an aspiring arti…
rt  nikkihaley  at the un we re always asked to do more & give more  so  when we make a decision  at the will of the american ppl  abt wher…
we re honored that joshua mason  a french teacher at morgantown high school  was able to join us for this historic…
this is what selflessness looks like and this is why we must end this shutdown  thank you to our military  especial…
how is tax reform benefiting you  i invite all third district constituents to please take this short survey …
rt  speakerryan  in the 3 months since tax reform  we re already seeing  ✔️small biz grow & invest ✔️bonuses for more than 6 million worker…
gop failure to preserve  salt  will devastate ny and li  must vote no on budget to stop this 
congrats to  joplinhs junior garret lewis on a solid start this season  keep up the good work 
by reauthorizing the foreign intelligence surveillance act   fisa   we are protecting american citizens and us soldi…
rt  repshimkus  as a former high school teacher  i m excited to join  rodneydavis and  repkinzinger in this announcement  by offering these…
thanks to the tax cutsand jobs act 
on march 14th at 11 00am  the coast guard and maritime transportation subcommittee will hold a hearing on 2019 budg…
the bill provides essential funding for the continuation  and extension for 6 years  of health care for 9 million l…
rt  riponadvance  many with new innovations work with smartphone apps   and current medicare coverage policies do not support this use  we…
don t forget to use ask joe wilson
so sorry to hear of the passing of the rev  billy graham  he helped lead an untold number of people to christ  he t…
these priorities include protecting the great lakes  modernizing the soo locks  giving our troops a raise and carin…
gohmert  sanctuary cities are essentially  seceding from the union  via  dailycaller
rt  speakerryan  pleased to announce that  rep_stevewomack will serve as the republican co-chair of the joint select committee on budget pr…
editorial  california lacks a job-friendly economic policy
 i m confident we will [pass juvenile justice reform]  because we need to   thanks  jjie  j j d p amatters  great local…
icymi  check out all the highlights from our seventh  va05  town hall meeting of 2018 here →
read  cmmi overreach  reckless changes to medicare  and constitutional concerns in  dougsbriefcase oped via  nro 
another great week  i am blessed with a dedicated team that always goes the extra mile to serve  tx08  
spoke on house floor today w/colleagues from across us to honor the service & sacrifice of our 7 fallen airmen from…
rt  housegop  90% of americans are seeing increased paychecks 4 million   americans are receiving special bonuses nearly 83 million america…
rt  natresources  roses are red  violets are blue  it shouldn t take 7 years to complete an environmental review  valentines day
in the  gopoversight hearing this morning  i questioned witnesses about duplication of services in the federal govt…
we re seeing more great benefits from the tax cutsand jobs act  following nearly 300 companies   ups is delivering mo…
excited to join  foxnews in a few minutes 
i ll be on the  thedanmasonshow at 4 pm pt  7 pm et  on  newstalk780koh  tune in live to hear our discussion 
my wife renee and i send our heartfelt condolences and prayers to the family of jimmy murphey   mr  christmas  was…
today i had the opportunity to attend a wh ceremony honoring wounded warriors from across the country  we owe these…
tomorrow ➡️ subcommittee on early childhood  elementary  and secondary education examines the role of welfare in th…
great to meet robb lightfoot of shasta college at the capitol today  always awesome to meet with constituents in dc 
rt  newlifecolorado  senator tim scott and congressman trey gowdy will join  pastorbrady for an important conversation on saturday  may 19t…
rt  loudobbs  drain the swamp-  jim_jordan  the double standard between how the justice dept  treated hillary clinton s personal attorney &…
 hoodterry  repgoodlatte  rteditorial  roanoketimes  repgoodlatte is keeping an eye on those matters  we ve been r…
 1/2  i want to thank every single student who participated in the congressional art competition - i m still truly b…
was honored to team up today with lander  presbyterian college  newberry college and my friend  repralphnorman to h…
the racist views of neo-nazis are completely abhorrent  and i urge the entire newnan community to stand together to…
rt  houseappropsgop  the house is now considering the make america secure appropriations act  watch the debate here 
please exercise caution while traveling in winston-salem today  another winter weather alert has been issued 
icymi south jersey - video of my remarks on the house floor can be found on my youtube page 
i m encouraged by president  realdonaldtrump s leadership today in advancing the conversation on school safety 
susan fuehrer talks about the key of being a leader is being a part of the team insightful women
two of my bills have hearings this week in  natresources committee  bills focus on coal and tribal sovereignty  mtpol  stay tuned 
for perspective  mc cabe s own organization said he should be fired  thanks to  harrisfaulkner for a helpful discus…
she has served more than 30 veterans per month on a variety of issues  including helping with disability claims  as…
2  nearly doubled standard deduction the new code will increase the standard deduction to  12 000 for individuals…
my full statement on the state of the union   sotu 
my thoughts rest solely on those affected by the devastating storms  floods and damage inflicted on the ppl & property of  nc05  last night
i was on  cnn this morning speaking with  johnberman &  poppyharlowcnn about tax reform & the recent events in niger
don t miss mobile office hours today  staff will be available to help with problems w/ federal agencies  listen to…
house chamber is filling up for tonight s  sotu   what are you hoping to hear from  potus tonight 
 1206geauxtigers  gimpysticks  ingrahamangle trump won this one by 36  i won it by 40 
rt  michfarmbureau  new video has  repmoolenaar  repfredupton  repwalberg  repmikebishop weigh in on hot agriculture topics 
looking forward to celebrating our district s young talent tomorrow at my art recipient award ceremony for the cong…
rt  ktvz  rep  greg walden presses dea for information  response to opioid crisis at hearing   my patience is wearing thin  
my prayers and condolences to the terre haute police department and the friends and family of the officer who was t…
i m eager now to build on this momentum and work with the administration on important policy initiatives like borde…
civil asset forfeiture is unamerican     the practice does not require authorities to obtain a criminal conviction …
happy presidents  day 
it was an honor to be named  legislator of the year  by the  safariclubintl flint regional chapter  the safari club…
rt  sidneydailynews  rep   jim_jordan spoke to anna students earlier today   anna_principal
this large brownfields grant will be a game-changer for weirton  receiving this revolving loan fund grant will enab…
my op-ed in  oanow  every yr most folks came 2 dread tax day as it rolled around  bc frankly  folks were being crus…
great talking with the good folks at  kshnradio yesterday  thank you for having me 
thank you to all those who took part in national prescription drug take back day  pa collected 37 290 lbs  of drugs…
morning south jersey  headed to ocean city to join business owners  environmental groups & local mayors in oppositi…
today we remember dr  martin luther king  jr  on the 50th anniversary of his death  let us all honor his life by c…
rt  nbcscottsbluff  bayard teen receives first place congressional art contest award for 3rd district from congressman smith
rt  houseappropsgop  at 1 30 pm   secretarysonny testifies before  robert_aderholt & the agriculture subcommittee on the fy19 budget for  …
chairing federal lands subcommittee this morning  legislative hearing starts at 10 am et  natresources
i will be live on the  pbsnewshour in two minutes with  usrepmikedoyle to talk on today s events 
rt  westerncaucus  congratulations to andrew wheeler  the just-confirmed deputy administrator of  epa and  epascottpruitt s now-top deputy …
on this day 226 years ago  the bill of rights was ratified  ensuring our fundamental rights and freedoms as america…
had the pleasure of mtg w/the downtown palatka mercantile business group  these folks run several of the shops on m…
rt  repmikecoffman  this week is small business week across the u s  -- be sure to support  co06  small businesses by shopping local  also b…
alfie evans not only has someone offered to cover all costs and provide alternatives  the government is actively us…
congratulations  rogersschools 
rt  repmccaul  great to have coast guard petty officer ashlee leppert here tonight at the  sotu   she was aboard one of the first helicopte…
rt  paypal_policy  our paypal merchants meeting with  housesmallbiz to discuss smallbiz policy  pay pal small business smallbizmonth
 children will never forget foster grandparents  rep  bill johnson says  -  trohio  jbakertr  coadinc what a great…
i will be hosting a live  telephone town hall this evening from 6 30 – 7 30pm  i look forward to hearing your quest…
our country has a spending problem  our children & grandchildren don t deserve to be saddled with a bill that we c…
congratulations to juliana xie from western reserve academy for her winning app in the 2017 congressional app chall…
this month we honor the contributions of african americans and all they have done to help make this country great b…
march 8 marks an unfortunate anniversary  taylor force  a young american veteran  tragically died 2 years ago at…
passage of the house bill is the first step toward significantly lowering the tax burden in the valley  i look forw…
good seeing folks from carrollton on their  uscapitol tour  summer vacation to dc  my office can help book your tou…
live on the mark davis show this morning  check it out at
it is very important for  usace_ny to perform an emergency dredging of the long island intracoastal waterway  moric…
i support usfs chief tooke s call for passage of the wildfire disaster funding act  which i cosponsored  our forests depend on it 
rt  financialcmte  video   repannwagner   repandybarr   reppoliquin   reploudermilk  and  reptomemmer share stories of taxcuts making a re…
rt  reprickallen  this week i participated in  goppolicy first hearing of the recently launched task force for the american worker 
thank you  speakerryan for your dedicated service in congress  your leadership and friendship will always be apprec…
this afternoon  the house will consider two bills to improve burial benefits for america s heroes  tune in at 4 30 
tax reform is working  small businesses like  tmcmove increased their drivers road pay by  2 400 per year and incre…
let s start off military appreciation month by taking a moment to thank a veteran or service member in our community…
rt  bcshfh  thank you to  bcshba and  spirittexasbank for hosting the homebuilders lunch today  we enjoyed hearing the legislative update f…
it is the first of the month  which means you should check your check 
rt  mikemiletichbn    rodneydavis speaking to students at grant middle school about the importance of online safety 
  jenmiller0412 ask joe wilson
thank you to all who were involved to make this possible  like judge d brooks smith  judge christopher conner  all…
our deepest thanks for being willing to make the ultimate sacrifice and for the spouses who supported and love them…
the bigotry that came to charlottesville is a rejection of the very principles on which our nation was founded 
rt  congressionalac  congrats again to the  congressionalac winner from iowa 🎉📱these young tech innovators are changing our 🌎 one app at a…
as a cpa  i m aware of how confusing and complex our tax code can be  we are working to fix that 
the last several wildfire seasons have resulted in devastation in states across the western and southeastern united…
it was great to join  shannonbream on  foxnewsnight  shannon s a graduate of  libertyu in  va06  
rt  housegop  smallbiz owners across the country are feeling the savings from the tax cutsand jobs act  and hundreds of companies have used…
  sengillibrand at senate ag hearing claims those on  snap  who can work  do work  fact  out of 3 5m households with…
about to go live on  kusinews 
rt  natresources    robwittman   repwebster and  repgarretgraves have led the charge to modernize outdated fishing regulations through the…
a special  tbt  to when hank the dog &  bernie_brewer became best buds  good luck to the  brewers on opening day 
proud to support and celebrate israel70 today  happy birthday to our friends and greatest allies in the middle eas…
rt  financialcmte  happening at 10am et →  rephensarling chairs our hearing w/  cfpbdirector mulvaney  who will testify on the bureau s sem…
the tragedy in florida continues an awful  awful series of mass murders especially in our schools  beginning almost…
sending my prayers to the entire bush family and wishing president george h w  bush a very speedy recovery 
drug abuse and addiction have devastating effects on individuals  families and communities  including the valley  d…
icymi- my bill is a common sense approach that will fix this problem for our veterans 
rt  txrandy14  the texas delegation is kicking off the special order series on tax reform  many thanks to  repkevinbrady for leading the wa…
visited the lebanon police department and laclede county sheriff s department to thank them for their service and s…
rt  repandybarr  one of the many benefits of the tax cutsand jobs act is the creation of new job opportunities for kentuckians  since the cor…
glad to see fallbrook public utilities and camp pendleton come to agreement on how to open up new sources of local…
rt  usairforce  on this day 70 years ago  the air force became an official branch of the united states military  happy a f bday to our tota…
rt  cathymcmorris   the labor department reported friday that [the unemployment rate] fell to 3 9% — inching closer to territory not seen i…
our sw wa men & women in blue serve our communities valiantly  knowing the risks involved in their jobs  our police…
rt  nettiequette   aaggeomentors in northeast  pa support  stem  education in  nepa  by introducing  shine123_abc students to  esri arc g i s t…
rt  apta_transit   who would invest all their money into one stock  right now we rely only on gas to fund our infrastructure   rep   rodney…
thank you  potus for speaking up for north carolina s pastor andrew brunson  turkey should drop the false and ginne…
  specnewsbuffalo   new survey credits federal tax reform for surging economic optimism  tax reform
enjoyed hosting students from bayshore christian school this morning at the  uscapitol  the group got to visit one…
happening now  rep  coffman taking questions from students at colorado early colleges of aurora about guns & schoo…
icymi  check out my most recent column on my priorities for 2018
h r  4744  the iran human rights and hostage-taking accountability act introduced by my tx colleague   repmccaul co…
rt  financialcmte  happening now   repandybarr chairs our monetary policy and trade subcommittee hearing evaluating the committee on foreig…
rt  keithrothfus   2 886 is a lot of money  check out how the tax cutsand jobs act is putting families in western  pa  first 
the tax cutsand jobs act gives us a chance to grow the economy & provide a better tomorrow for our future generations…
rt  sbecouncil  that s  housesmallbiz - always convening  listening and doing what s right to support smallbiz and entrepreneurs 
our presidio rocketry & robotics team will represent  tx23  in this year s  tarc2018  rocketsonthe hill18   join me…
rick hall was a music legend in alabama and the world  he was also incredibly generous and gracious when we stoppe…
rt  wacoisd  congratulations to waco high s jose vallejo for being named kwtx classroom champion 
if you weren t able to join me in bridgeport yesterday  i invite you to attend the mobile offices being held by my…
rt  justinamash  today  i introduced the readable legislation act of 2018 and the searchable legislation act of 2018 
i chaired a sub comm tech hearing to examine the 25 bills & resolutions we introduced that focus on broadband expans…
serving my constituents is my 1 priority  that s why my office will remain open during the schumer shutdown
numbers 26 53  among these the land shall be divided for an inheritance according to the number of names  
  repdennisross has demonstrated a calm demeanor & incredible leadership throughout his time in congress  he has be…
with passage of a budget blueprint  the senate took a big step forward for taxreform last night  ready to move forward w/ tax overhaul 
rt  newsintheburg  congressman wittman hosts cte symposium at umw stafford campus
our tax talk is live  we re enjoying hearing how these americans are already benefitting from mtax reform 
sending all my best to law enforcement working to keep the peace today  we should never tolerate any form of political violence 
president trump has taken a strong stand against north korea  and it is clearly working  while a meeting between…
i m working to hold federal rail officials accountable on the irresponsible shortcomings from brightline safety mea…
notice   irs grants tax extensions for irma victims  now jan  31  2018 to file certain returns sayfie
congratulations to  wowaquarium for being named america s best aquarium  there are a lot of great aquariums and to…
event alert  i will hold my 67th brick-and-mortar town hall next wednesday in carroll county
had a wonderful visit this week at pursell agri-tech in sylacauga this week …
rt  hotlinejosh  worthwhile advice for all from  bdomenech on the year-end transom 
rt  space_station  don t forget  live on nasa tv today at 2pm et  the exp 56-57 crew will answer questions from  nasa_johnson about its upc…
rt  republicanstudy  at today s rsc  lunch we discussed how to fully fund our military while keeping the government open 
i send my condolences to our northern neighbors tonight  the terror unleashed on the streets of toronto has no place in a civilized society 
a tragic loss for deputy jacob pickett s friends and family  community and our entire state  our prayers are with y…
  jim_jordan  at our most recent hearing about irs mismanagement  we learned that the agency rehired bad employees…
rt  latinomuseum    roslehtinen has paved the way and is a shining example for latinos everywhere  we will miss her dearly   - repnewhouse…
4/4 … are wounded  may god be close to the brokenhearted 
today  we celebrate 70 years since the jewish people reestablished a state of their own in their ancestral homeland…
summer is just around the corner and below you ll find a whole list of fun things do to around austin this month  t…
long term certainty in our tax code energizes our economy & drives investment here at home
congressman griffith s weekly e-newsletter 3 26 18 topics  opioids - an american crisis
icymi  congressman griffith discusses tax reform on msnbc
another senate dem is regretting obamacare 
last month   whitehouse released its infrastructure plan and it emphasizes regulatory and permitting reforms to enc…
great to see you  diane  thanks for coming 
rt  lilagracerose  despite promises from congress and  realdonaldtrump to defund the abortion giant  planned parenthood s 2016-17 annual re…
rt  whitehouse  today is national prescription drug take back day  visit to find a safe-disposal site to get rid of…
jones and onslow counties  we are live  to join the telephone town hall  i encourage you to call directly to  888 …
join me around 7 10 a m  et  6 10 a m  ct  on  squawkcnbc  looking forward to a great convo w/  beckyquick  andrewrsorkin  joesquawk   cnbc
thank you  scmanufacturers for inviting me to speak at your annual meeting this morning  south carolina is a manufa…
i applaud  potus s decision to ask about citizenship for the 2020 census  it is common sense to have a meticulous c…
rt  reptomgarrett  today  we filed the review every act diligently in total  r e a dit  act  to give members of congress at least 2 minutes t…
rt  foxnews    tomcoleok04 on bipartisan gun control discussions   we ve got a lot more in common than we do that divides us  we ought to w…
enjoyed visiting with these students and parents from woodworth before their tour this morning   la05 
thankfully  the house just passed a fully funded  six-year extension of chip  helping more than 120k oregon childre…
joining  foxnews momentarily  tune in 
rt  dcexaminer   how we re cutting spending with president trump  by  gopleader
rt  circa  congress has a sexual harassment  hush fund  and congressman ron desantis wants to kill it
it will be a museum—including a plaster family museum first started by henry s late wife ann  a travel information…
american taxpayer dollars should never be used to reward terrorism  congress needs to pass this bill  sayfie
🎉new year  new tax code → by lowering rates and bringing simplicity  our bill brings relief to all americans  that …
it was a pleasure to meet so many arkansans this week in washington  if you will be in the d c  region and would li…
 scottknittle i d add paul ryan 
honored to be inducted into the  ukmartinschool public policy hall of fame tonight   ukypres   repandybarr  mike du…
rt  acscanmn  the entire minnesota congressional delegation has signed-on to the star act  ty   amyklobuchar   sentinasmith   reptimwalz   …
and as fate would have it  your favorite elected official shares your birthday with you 
it s small biz saturday   small businesses are the backbone of our local communities and our economy  be sure to sho…
 clamberson i have always been frank and direct with my constituents and with the press 
meeting with senator marsh  mayor smith  city clerk rispoli and ema director gaddy to discuss…
rt  tomrooney  ready to fight for florida s citrus industry at today s agriculture subcommittee hearing with  usda  follow along for more …
for more information on how the tax cutsand jobs act is benefiting small businesses  check out…
rt  farmersgov  on may 15  1862  abraham lincoln signed into law an act of congress establishing  a department of agriculture  
the house passed a bipartisan resolution that i supported which calls on all nations to enter into robust diplomati…
wishing chairman  usreprodney all the best in the next phase of his life
congratulations  hopehockey on bringing home  hopecollege s first  achamensd3 national championship    
very impressed by the nottingham hs galre class  these students are going places 
rt  housecommerce  don t let hackers get the best of your personal info  make sure your data is safe with these tips from  ftc &gt 
☘️ ☘️ happy saint patricks day  here is my weekly newsletter  utpol
thank you to all who have served  veterans day
hearing starting now - tune in south jersey 
200k jobs added in january  wages are rising  millions of american workers have received bonuses  all because of th…
today i went to a secure location in the us capitol & reviewed classified house intel cmte memo created after month…
sensenbrenner statement on rapid d n a legislation being signed into law 
spoke to help raise awareness at the annual kaleidoscope of hope morristown ovarian cancer walk 
speaking to the anti hunger policy conference this am on the importance of nutrition title of the farmbill farmers feed nutrition matters
if you re looking for new career opportunities  nearly 90 employers actively hiring will be at the monroe centre in…
rt  billprofita  dc current is coming up  repgarretgraves joins us next  talk1073  ambr 
important discussion today in la grande on the upcoming farm bill  trade  the challenges faced by livestock produce…
rt  realdonaldtrump  congratulations  secpompeo 
rt  realdonaldtrump  andrew mccabe fired  a great day for the hard working men and women of the fbi - a great day for democracy  sanctimoni…
huge news overnight as north and south korea agreed to formally end the korean war and work towards a denuclearizat…
ask any farmer  and they ll tell you  it s not an easy job  but farming remains incredibly important to not only vi…
rt  littlerockluke   repfrenchhill speaks to the incredible volunteers from historic arkansas museum during the volunteer luncheon  congres…
  repschrader  this is a no-brainer  when the trump administration comes up with a decent proposal  we should back…
 pattiberi as a close friend  he is someone i have regularly called on for advice and guidance   2/3 
so happy to see my friend  stevescalise back on capitol hill this morning 
this will provide them with one more tool to ensure they make it home safely to their families  giving them the pea…
i agree with  newtgingrich that gop must go first with tax cuts and not get bogged down in tax reform 
the american people deserve answers and transparency  no one is above the law  memo day
great to be in napoleon township to discuss growing paychecks and a healthy economy  thanks to everyone who came ou…
congratulations to the bloomington jefferson high school  jhscheerleading team on a national championship -- yet a…
great to be back on campus and learn more about veterans initiatives  miamiuniversity  lovandhonor
happy thanksgiving  i hope all of you can spend time reuniting w/ family & friends  let us all give thanks for the blessings we ve received
rt  purduetap  it may be cold in the northeast  but we received a warm reception from  repwalorski s office as they learned about  nist_mep…
good read via  realjoehyde  sanangelolive   the idea is  if you re willing to help yourself  then we re going to ta…
the families of flight 3407 were in dc discussing the need to maintain pilot training qualification hours  i m impr…
fyi  harmful myth  carpets can actually help people with allergies  take it from us in nw ga carpet country   ga14… 
it was an honor to speak to young men and women on saturday who are considering attending a service academy 
today  i am thankful for the opportunity to serve my fellow hoosiers as their representative to congress  i hope al…
rt  jaciglover  wrapping up the west tx legislative summit with a 2018 congressional outlook w/  conawaytx11  reparrington  repmarshall &  …
today i welcomed honor flight northeast indiana to washington at the world war ii monument  these hoosier heroes se…
join my staff for mobile office hours this thursday  april 19th  at the lake forest sports park and recreational ce…
this morning billy graham received his life s reward as he entered into the presence of his lord  his commitment an…
rt  financialcmte  the house of representatives just voted to pass two bipartisan financial services reg relief bills  read about them here…
 given the stakes for public health and the national economy  americans must be assured government regulations are…
rt  repjohncurtis  see you outside today for national park week  lucky for us there are plenty of great options 
rt  taylorwymt  we re live in morehead at 4 & 6  tune in
 justnisdead  gidgetgirlhb what i believe right as expressed in the campaign guides my legislative decisions in this secession of congress
congratulations to madison wingate  the 2017 oklahoma city public schools teacher of the year 
rt  housecommerce  watch  today we debut our  personal stories from the opioid crisis  video series  highlighting individuals and families…
joined local small business owners to talk about how the tax cutsand jobs act is benefitting smallbiz  it was great…
rt  mariodb  our highways suffer from significant wear and tear as families commute to work and school  trucks keep goods in transit from p…
  natresources held a hearing to discuss my legislation which seeks to increase the size of florissant fossil beds…
rt  sethmeyers  websites that knowingly facilitate human trafficking must be held accountable  contact your member of congress today askin…
rt  foxnews    stevescalise   [ potus has] done a great job at restoring american strength around the world and rebuilding our economy here…
after the house passed the budget agreement  i shared my thoughts on radio america about washington s need to get i…
this week is teacher appreciation week  as the husband of a teacher  i know the long hours and tireless efforts our…
saddened by the loss of my colleague  congresswoman louise slaughter  my thoughts and prayers are with her family at this difficult time 
i called on the bpu to pass along benefits of tax reform to consumers on january 23  because new jerseyans deserve additional relief 
with self-driving cars now a thing of the present  it s time to put our tax code on the road to success  learn more…
i m live right now with  newswest9  watch here 
it was exciting to be a part of the amazon fulfillment center grand opening in wyandotte today  this new facility h…
vital 4 senate gop to continue efforts to increase medicaid   & improve preexisting illness coverage to win house passage of healthcare bill
rt  healthylakes    mikekellypa shares how important it is to educate everyone about the successes of great lakes restoration  these storie…
i voted against the  1 3 trillion omnibus for the ways in which it represented reckless overspending of taxpayer do…
this week s budget fact  according to  uscbo  mandatory programs account for more than 2/3 of federal spending  lea…
need to file your taxes  do it for free  come down to the garland county library on wednesday and learn how  ar4…
slashing the corporate tax rate benefits american businesses and millions of american workers  more jobs  bigger pa…
this asian pacific american heritage month  we celebrate & honor the invaluable contributions of our country s…
bipartisan budget bill not perfect but necessary to fund our troops and the war against islamic terrorists as well…
at 12 30  repnewhouse will be on the  housefloor managing the combined rule on two bills from  natresources - hr 1654 & hr 1873 
i recently discussed the status of the american health care act with justin dougherty on  news9 
happy mother s day 
live now  sub energy convenes hearing titled  examining the state of electric transmission infrastructure  investme…
rt  dsmpartnership  thank you to congressman  patrickmchenry and  repdavidyoung for joining us at  dmdc2018  during our welcome luncheon  sp…
rt  kareraas  codel led by  speakerryan  discussing norway s important role in  nato  it s all about collective defence  nor am relations h…
rt  flotus  our country encourages freedom of speech  but let s communicate w/o hate in our hearts  no good comes from violence  charlotte…
great news  trump administration has canceled plans to drill off florida s coastline  kudos to governor scott and…
  potus showed us what leadership looks like yesterday 
3  the nightmare of tax complexity is coming to an end  with this dramatically simpler and fairer tax code  roughly…
my team and i are monitoring this situation very closely  as this situation unfolds  my prayers are with the brave…
rt  speakerryan  senate democrats shut down the federal government with no endgame in sight  it s just reckless  senator schumer needs to e…
god bless america  🇺🇸
in an interview last year about his retirement  howard coble said   i ve been richly   
tom was a good friend - one that i admired and respected dearly  as a law enforcement officer and mayor  he led a l…
sub environment convenes legislative hearing addressing  epa nsr permitting reform &gt &gt 
had a productive meeting on local issues like infrastructure  education and more with mayor john koziol and adminis…
lunch with the tuscarawas county commissioners today  catching up on the latest from the county  then on to cambrid…
2/2
rt  nfxfoundation  thank you  greggharper for 10 years of successful fragile x advocacy days  you and your staff set the gold standard for…
thank you  sentoomey 
icymi   repeliotengel and i introduced the results act to make sure that those working to overcome addiction recei…
i hope you can join me tonight for my tax reform telephone town hall  in case you don t already have it  call-in in…
this friday   vp mike pence will be joining me in charlotte for a panel discussion on the positive impacts of the…
rt  butlersheriff 
constituent services are a core part of my job  that means helping nw georgians who are having problems dealing wit…
the budget deal reached yesterday is a win for our military  i m thrilled the pentagon will finally receive the mon…
👍  lawmakers agreed to a ban on the consumption of dogs and cats in the house 2018 farm bill 
spent national ag day yesterday meeting with  mncorn & mn milk producers association  mn is the 5th largest agricult…
helping houstonians rebuild after harvey remains my top priority   34m increase for the national weather service a…
attention all high school artists  the submission deadline for the  ny21  congressional art competition is quickly a…
rt  housecommerce  sub energy hears from all five  ferc commissioners during hearing today &gt &gt 
it s imperative we do everything we can to end the opioid crisis 
more local education opportunities  purduenewalbany  where full purdue degrees and bright futures are offered right…
this afternoon it was a pleasure to meet with members of the  missourichamber to discuss taxreform  infrastructure…
barbara bush filled a unique role in american history as only the second woman to be the wife of one president of t…
rt  houseforeign    repedroyce announces hearing on sanctions implementation
rt  housegop  15 american wins in the congressional appropriations bill  maga  →
rt  cleanenergybiz    repryancostello  we must strive to provide more affordable cleanenergy options  cleanenergyweek
today i testified about my bill  hr 2225  to connect vets with therapy dogs to help treat mental illness  read more…
rt  jakejakeny  thanks for the retweet  congressman  as i ve written many times on  cnbc  for anyone trying to truly gun violence  the numb…
today at 10 a m  ⤵️
chairman  mactxpress  tough questions about the future of our policy in syria remain  but those questions should no…
when our service men and women volunteer to defend this country  they put their lives on the line each and every da…
ileana ros-lehtinen  ted yoho condemn china s treatment of tibet
rt  bobcatsfcms  great day at nhd state contest in austin    fcms group exhibit got the outstanding regional award 
thomas jefferson said that the normal course of things was for government to gain ground and for liberty to yield …
today  i met with representatives of  aipac to discuss the importance of the u s -israel relationship  as they are…
statement on fbi director comey ➡
their is no more certain known medical standard for personhood  which is protected by the 14th amnendment  than a h…
a storm on saturday heavily damaged our home in haleyville  blessed that we were not at home at the time and no one…
great having  awoadvocacy in the office this afternoon to give us an update on their legislative priorities 
while i m sure this decision will be met with disappointment by some of our allies  their disappointment should be…
rt  librarycongress  today in history  british scientist james smithson dies  1829  endows  smithsonian otd tih h…
i m hosting coffee with your congressman events next week  specific times and locations can be found here …
rt  housecommerce  sub oversight held a hearing today pressing  deahq for answers to bipartisan e&c investigation into alleged pill dumping…
we all know it  tax day should not be like this  that s why we passed the tax cutsand jobs act   to bring more jobs…
game time  let s go   bakerathletics  
rt  repbost  i chatted w/ employees at  lowes in belleville about the positive effects of tax reform  lowe s is one of 100s of job creators…
the streak continues  congrats  rep_stevewomack on casting your 5 000th consecutive vote in the house  🇺🇸
this is great news for our state and the entire country  as we all work together to end the tragic opioid epidemic …
these surprises for little debbie employees are anything but crumby  mckee foods  which is best known for their lit…
yesterday i had the opportunity to join mayor hardie davis jr  of augusta at the unveiling of a purple heart recipi…
rt  houseappropsgop  members of the labor  hhs subcommittee attend this morning s oversight hearing on down syndrome research developments …
rt  ardeptofagricul   my goal is to make our forests healthy  we know that fire plays a major part in that   says  repwesterman of the vita…
today is a great day for loudoun  we know relieving traffic congestion in our rapidly growing community is a top pr…
as the house considers the the tax cuts and jobs act  h r  1   it s a relief to know that this bill will bring more…
the irs works for the american people  and it needs modern it systems to serve taxpayers effectively  but repeated…
tune in at 2 pm   reptomgraves chairs a financial services subcommittee hearing on the fy19 budget for the judiciar…
reason three  the child tax credit doubled to  2 000 per child 
oklahomans may see lower utility bills this year—along with utility customers in 38 other states—as a result of…
congratulations to the team of students from danville middle school who will be entering an international competiti…
my office is partnering with  sbagov   alabamasbdc   univwestalabama  and the clarke county economic development pa…
rt  speakerryan  proud to introduce a bill yesterday with  tgowdysc   repderekkilmer   farenthold   senbrianschatz  &  pattymurray 
otd in 1938  orson welles broadcast his infamous radio play of the war of the worlds 
  judgenap on war powers  congress  not potus  has the power to declare war  potus can only use force if us is in…
earlier this year  because of the tax cutsand jobs act   fedex announced  200 million in increased compensation for i…
sub health is now considering the discussion draft  to support the peer support specialist workforce  find all bil…
icymi  always great to work hard on behalf of my constituents 
rt  cspan  house  financialcmte hearing on cryptocurrency markets – live online here 
congress is taking another important step today to secure america s leadership in space  as i wrote for…
today  house ag passed a substantial policy framework acutely focused on our rural communities  american producers …
rt  vp  honored to swear in mike pompeo as the 70th secretary of state  great event with  potus this morning   secpompeo is a patriot and a…
proud to support this bill to help stem the tide of identity theft in america 
the  fema fiscal year 2017 safer grant application period is now open for fire departments throughout pa  it will c…
rt  vp  maduro regime is planning fake elections in venezuela this month  elections must be free & fair  i m speaking at  oas_official to s…
rt  scactionnetwork  check it out   repkevinyoder meets with our advocates from kansas with  mark_shriver and  kmpperry  thank you  rep  yo…
looking forward to joining  cvpayne on  foxbusiness making money at 6 10pm est/3 10pm pst to discuss immigration re…
 tbt  to the day tax reform passed the house  the bill has only been law for a couple months  but it s already a lif…
 this time next year  americans will file under a new  modern tax code that catapults our nation s competitiveness…
rt  edworkforce  watch  repwalberg speak at the start of today s subcommittee hearing to explore the  usdol s proposed rule to expand acces…
rt  robwittman  as the former readiness subcommittee chairman  i m painfully aware that readiness is composed of two major components  curr…
keep in mind   worth a look  is as far as this value judgment goes    
chairman  drphilroe just announced the hearing schedule for next week  details here 
rt  usaworkforce   the best way to help get people get out of poverty is to connect them with good-paying jobs   -  repsmucker  sponsor of…
happy mothers day2018 to all mothers  their unconditional love is an essential part to raising a family  a special…
happy teacher appreciation day  as a former public school teacher who taught for eleven years  i know the hard work…
finished my evening at new hope full gospel church in zanesville on the national dayof prayer
delivered this year s graduation address at my high school alma mater in cheyenne  congrats to the class of 2016 
2 timothy 4 7 says  i have fought the good fight  i have finished the race  i have kept the faith   billy graham an…
tune in this morning to 101 9 the lake at 7 45 am ct/8 45 am et  where i ll be talking with  alionthelake about sch…
honored to be a recipient of the  ifda s 2018 thomas jefferson award  i m proud to support the individuals in this…
 let no unwholesome word proceed from your mouth  but only such a word as is good for edification according to the…
 atop the dome of this capitol stands the statue of freedom  she stands tall and dignified among the monuments to…
today  i attended the groundbreaking for the new raytheon facility at ontario airport  an exciting project that is…
the best ally cartels & traffickers – who don t pay taxes  target children & have no safety standards – have are th…
very moving  some real heroes who saved kids  lives 
if you missed it earlier  i discussed border security and sanctuary cities on  foxandfriends with  petehegseth …
on this day in 1967  the  fokker f-28 fellowship jet airliner flew for the first time 
join rep   justinamash &  yaliberty at 7 30 p m  et on 11/7 for a discussion on the 4th amendment & privacy  watch 
rt  aeenet  congratulations to  repryancostello  r-pa 6th district  for highest recognition by  aeenet w/ the 2018 advanced energy leader…
our staff is hosting a tax prep workshop in the f l keys thursday  april 5 at the  monroecounty islamorada library …
it was a great honor to speak with  ceidotorg today about my conservative efforts in congress and the future of our…
touring a florida citrus grove with  secretarysonny we will continue fighting to find a cure and save our citrus fro…
president trump is delivering on his promise to protect our borders  border security is a national security priority 
rt  sbagov  happy national small business week  we re celebrating america s 30 million small businesses  learn how you can participate → htt…
always a great time with the folks from the  andersonchamber - honored to receive the spirit of enterprise award th…
proud to receive  thesfia s congressional health fitness award from the legendary  herschelwalker for  leadership i…
rt  studentvets  thank you  drphilroe for hosting the v f w s v a fellows this morning at the  housevetaffairs
95% of democrats in congress voted for a government shutdown - 94% of republicans in congress voted against it  schumer shutdown
all of us know families and individuals who have spent years and thousands of dollars going through the legal immig…
productive talks with secretary of energy rick perry at today s energy and water subcommittee hearing  i invite you…
you probably could have said that in a few fewer tweets   harrysteindc 
rt  repjenniffer  discussing with  repbradwenstrup the importance of veteran and military facilities in puerto rico
thanks to  crystalgroup in hiawatha for the town hall  some of the questions asked were on net neutrality  the omni…
such an honor to speak to the students at millsaps college this evening  these young men and women are the future o…
 1/2  this week  i m hosting two teletown halls & i hope to hear from many of you  on wednesday  march 14th at 5 45…
this new years  martha & i wish you & your family a prosperous 2018 
rt  acscan_idaho  with the support of amazing volunteers and support from  congmikesimpson s office  we are making progress for cancer pat…
who within the fbi is authorized to talk to the media  we have serious concerns about people with the bureau talkin…
passed the house this week→ 2 bipartisan bills that reaffirm our commitment to stand up against the oppressive regimes in iran and syria 
rt  waysandmeansgop  watch live  oversight subcommittee hearing on  the opioid crisis  the current landscape and cms actions to prevent opi…
it was a pleasure in meeting both greg wrona and jim cummings  of  dwdiesel_inc  employing over 300 people locally …
rt  okcindianclinic   okcic  welcomed  tomcoleok04 and radm kevin meeks to the clinic today for a tour   okcic  thanks them for visiting and…
rt  roslehtinen  happy 2 join  repryancostello in effort 2 cut red tape   help disabled veterans struggling w student loan debt
rt  epaynepapa6  had a terrific time yesterday morning touring the capitol building with my oldest son for his 13rh birthday  our congress…
rt  houseforeign  united states stands with people of iran
rt  utaustinpolice  i ve made you wait long enough    meet our new k-9  he ll be working with officer alan martin  looks like a great team …
i favor retention of salt  nj7 is a district that sends a great deal more funds to washington than we receive back 
  americanlegion halls have been mainstays of our  va05  communities for generations  honored to be recognized by an…
 brielleniicole i am glad you enjoyed your time at the capitol  i will make sure to tell phil 
today marks 50 years since the assassination of dr  martin luther king  jr  - a leader who dedicated his life to wo…
great admiration for people of texas  courage & spirit  thoughts & prayers for their safety & recovery  congress must get aid to them asap 
thank you for championing our producers 
a government shutdown is simply unacceptable and we need to find a way to prevent it  1/3  mepolitics
honored to welcome home members of the 37th brigade combat team today  thank you for your incredible service to our…
rt  repgoodlatte  for too long  bad-actor websites have operated with impunity in selling young women and girls forced into the commercial…
the non-partisan cbo estimates the pain-capable unborn child protection act will save 2 750 lives each year  they feel pain
she brings him good  not harm  all the days of her life    honor her for all that her hands have done  and let her…
the congressional app challenge ends on november 1  be sure to get your entries in   congressionalac
congratulations to the national honor society members at pennfield high school  thanks for inviting our office to p…
first speaker david fuson of fuson automotive  sls2018 
live at 10 a m  → hearing to explore what went wrong before hawaii s false ballistic missile alarm and how to preve…
today the committee will meet at 5 pm on h r  2810  ndaa & h r  23  gaining responsibility on water act of 2017 
thank you  gregschneider24 for all the work you do for veterans
rt  foxnews    rep_stevewomack on budget spending increase   in the long haul we expect that the policies advanced by this president and by…
it s an exciting day for arkansas and little rock as my bill to preserve arkansas s civil rights history passed the…
great to hear updates on local issues from the  battlecreekcity and calhoun county at the stateofthe community addr…
 padillpickle  indivisibleoc we did that  it was called the election  now is the time to implement policies we promised the voters
happy st patricks day 
rt  repgosar  i d like to wish the united states navy a happy birthday - anchors aweigh  my boys 
he has impeccable leadership skills and will represent our country well as head of the state department  we thank…
rt  hunterandangler  tune in tomorrow  5/8    10 15am et to watch  natresources markup the modernizing the pittman-robertson fund for tomor…
it s truly the season of giving  thanks to the hard work of our senate colleagues  we are closer than ever to givin…
rt  cathymcmorris  proud to see that my top 3 priorities for eastern washington are included in the  houseagnews  farm bill  ✔️ protect c…
proud to vote in favor of the tax cuts and jobs act  this bill will allow working alabamians across all income leve…
exciting news  great to see  toyotaresearch bringing new investment and jobs to monroe county 
beautiful spring day in the rogue valley with mt  mcloughlin on display 
i understand the challenge of busy lives & hectic schedules & that not everyone has the opportunity to meet in our…
stopped by brass tap in cedar falls- a veteran owned small business started with help from  sbagov  ia01 
we need to fix the broken tax code making u s  businesses less competitive  & the house gop has a plan to do it  -&gt …
this is why i support the president s decision to withdraw from the iran nuclear deal  i am encouraged by the presi…
my statement on the announcement by  speakerryan that he will not run for re-election 
roxanne and i were on the train  but are okay  please pray for those injured in the truck that was on the tracks  they need it 
rt  repseanduffy    timesfreepress   mckee foods gives  1 000 bonuses to all full-time employees  tax reform
how aca affects men in maricopa county  check out your county/state at
the house just voted to fully fund our military and keep our government open  i hope the senate does the same 
our spring town hall events  originally scheduled for next week  have been rescheduled to take place on may 22nd an…
it s a beautiful day for taxreform  see how the tax cuts and jobs act will help your family 
rt  arlingtonnatl  not far from the tomb of the unknown soldier  along memorial drive  is a memorial tree known as the mother s tree and is de…
my prayers are with congresswoman marjorie holt and her family  congresswoman holt was a trailblazer for maryland w…
17  why won t the fbi give congress the documents it s requesting 
live now with  hughhewitt tune in 
ron parish s people skills served him well in business  and in his relationships  he was always reaching out to fri…
rt  governorkayivey  in preparation for severe weather across alabama  i ll be giving a live news update today at 4 p m  ct  you can watch…
the allegations against alabama senate candidate roy moore are extremely disturbing  he should do the right thing and step down immediately 
just wrapped up our town hall in shattuck  look forward to hosting three more public meetings today  schedule here 
great discussion on energy security at the  eisenhower_ndu this morning  thank you for your service and a special…
according to  waysandmeansgop  the tax cutsand jobs act will now give the typical family of four a  2 059 tax cut nex…
today was a great day for the future of our schools  passing the stop school violence act will better equip our schoo…
thank you   cathymcmorris   🎂 🎉
today is an important day in congress for veterans  this afternoon the v a m i s s i o n act will be considered by the full…
rt  greggharper  today i spoke in favor of h r  3298 to help  capitolpolice officers who have sustained serious injuries in the line of dut…
check out this useful timeline to see the entire taxreform process  it is time for american families and businesse…
 my duty  and the sacred duty of every elected official in this chamber  is to defend americans -- to protect their…
as you may have heard  this morning a train carrying republican lawmakers to a conference in west virginia collided…
appreciate tweets south jersey  will issue my reaction to president trump s  sotu  after his 9pm speech  also post o…
rt  richardburr_dn  trump recognized reps   johnmoolenaar &  repjackbergman in macomb cty audience  last year  they co-wrote a commentary c…
rt  reppeteaguilar  thank you   roslehtinen 
today for womens history month  the honorable barbara franklin  born in lancaster county and a graduate of hempfiel…
as a businessman  i wouldn t sign a 100-page contract in a 24-hour window  let alone vote for a 2 000  page bill in…
i strongly support israel s fundamental right to defend itself against assaults from the iranian regime 
thank you so much   realdonaldtrump  for your incredible leadership  i agree with you- in america  we know that fai…
drug addiction continues to wreak havoc on families in fl  great meeting w/ leaders of first step of srq to discuss…
great to see dr  keenum at the msu ribbon cutting for the old main academic ctr  today   msstate
kristin  who herself is a 100% disabled veteran  has made it her life mission to help other veterans in their time…
rt  speakerryan  millions of americans live in these distressed communities  and they re being left on the sidelines simply because of thei…
i m encouraged the house passed my simple bill to streamline the process for our suburban and rural illinois banks…
barbara bush was a force of nature  her love for her family and her country knew no bounds  and our nation is a bet…
july 28  2016  text from lisa page to peter strzok  citing this article  https //t co/dhylha4ehm    ha  first line…
i got to talk with my friend allen from dexter  missouri before the state of the union last week about my work to e…
the hearing on hr 3905  minnesota s economic rights in the superior national forest act and hr 3017  brownfields en…
after 81 years   pirates legend phil coyne has retired from his usher position  phil s loyalty to our team will go…
the tax code is so complex that 9 in 10 americans pay for software or a tax preparer to file their taxes each year 
rt  david10graham  lt  gen  ret   repjackbergman on the importance of laying the groundwork for military readiness in early childhood   the…
today  i write in  thehill about the farm bill and how it reduces hunger  decreases food insecurity  and equips tho…
sending thoughts and prayers to my kentucky colleague  u s  senator  randpaul  for a speedy recovery 
another positive benefit of the tax cuts and jobs act  lower power bills  i was proud to support this pro-growth tax r…
rt  pascogovaffairs  always a pleasure meeting with congressman  repgusbilirakis  thank you for all you do for pasco county 
rt  houseforeign  as we remember the 1 5 million innocent armenians killed in the 1915 genocide  disappointed that the admin did not set th…
there cannot be two standards of justice  one for republicans and another for democrats  we must return to a federa…
watch  today  housecommerce  dccp  passed legislation on selfdrivingcars which could greatly increase mobility for…
congratulations to andalusia health for receiving the 2017 operational excellence award from lifepoint health for t…
today  the house will pass legislation that i introduced to designate the va facilities in lexington after troy e …
in the  washingtonpost   with more than  1 4 trillion in student debt  and nonpayment rates climbing past 45 percen…
my latest in  thehill 
rosemary & i with nyc pba president patrick lynch at st  patrick s day parade in manhattan  ☘️
happy birthday to the  usmc   semper fi - for 242 years the corps has defended america  freedom has no better friend…
rt  foxbusiness    replouiegohmert   it is absolutely insane what the sanctuary cities are doing  
rt  faithcvv  today in tempe   westerncaucus
yet another piece of great news tied to the tax reform package we passed last month 
just at detwiler fire command center  cool professionalism and guarded optimism 
chairman  repgoodlatte   i am proud of the work that we have done to make this bipartisan legislation a reality  th…
 we are saying goodbye to our old federal tax system and welcoming lower taxes for idahoans    we look forward to b…
thanks to the tax cutsand jobs act and our booming economy  the cbo revised its economic forecast to project the high…
gina haspel said she knows the cia like the back of her hand  we need her leadership to keep america safe  haspel confirmation
watch the joint meeting of congress with president  emmanuelmacron live here ---&gt 
leaders at the department of energy discuss hanford clean up  renewable energy  the national labs & grid security &…
watch  the second video in our  personal stories from the opioid crisis  series - meet aimee and hear the story of…
thank you  henryjess3 for inviting me to come listen to your students  i look forward to our continued discussions…
rt  speakerryan  we should be empowering americans to reach their full potential  the 2018 farm bill promotes work requirements for federal…
american farmers & ranchers depend on trade and trade promotion efforts are critical to keeping pace w/ foreign co…
two weeks after blowing through spending caps by passing without reading the 2300 page   1 3 trillion omnibus spend…
today  govabbott updated the texas delegation on recovery efforts from damage caused by hurricane harvey  it was en…
rt  speakerryan  because of tax reform  90% of workers will see more money in their paychecks  at our tax talk earlier this week  kasey tol…
  congmikesimpson &  repschrader  our national park restoration act to shrink the maintenance backlog shows…
rt  foxnews    repdougcollins on the russia investigation   let s see where the facts lead   happening now
rt  marano_nick   markamodeinv2 addresses carson city at board of supervisors  meeting  carsoncitygov
no longer should hospitals & abortion providers be able to consider a heart-beating  living child as worthless  all…
rt  housejudiciary   wrongs are not always righted and wrongdoers are not always punished  not on our watch   repgoodlatte calls for an…
looking forward to talking with  mariabartiromo on  morningsmaria  foxbusiness at 8am  tune in 
happening now --&gt   natresources holds hearing re   policy priorities at the department of the interior & the admini…
 literally  cleaning up washington as quickly as i can 
in a mtg w/  repkevinbrady    we are working on tax reform that is simple  competitive  & affordable    learn more 
deuteronomy 15 11 for the poor will never cease to be in the land  therefore i command you saying   you shall freel…
thanks to the usfs team at lolo nf and region 1 for showing me the collaborative fuel reduction project
rt  speakerryan  tragic violence has no place in our schools  today  the house will take concrete action to prevent this violence through t…
i m committed to getting the sb10 reservoir authorized so we can cut discharges  clean up our waterways &…
rt  hutson_19  thanks  conawaytx11 for coming to speak  brownwoodtx  we appreciate what you do for district11
americans enjoy the safest  most abundant & affordable food supply of any developed nation in the world  this is ma…
an overwhelming vote in the house this afternoon to sanction iran  north korea and russia 
keeping a close eye on the large fire burning   underwood fruit & warehouse co  praying for minimal loss & safety for all in klickitat co 
today  i met with phil wilzbacher  director of ports of indiana mount vernon  the mount vernon facility provides cr…
rt  usnavy  happy 242 navy bday  🎂🎈 rt to celebrate america s seapower to protect and promote  🇺🇸⚓
rt  transport  read chairman shuster s statement on the memorandum of understanding signed by federal agencies today to help streamline the…
 edworkforce by making it easier for transfer students to combine credits and get a degree they ve earned  hoosiers…
rt  editornetexan  hensarling supports a better america with fiscal year 2018 house budget  rephensarling
while it is bittersweet to see quality members retire  i know dennis is headed towards great opportunities in the f…
i just proudly voted for the mcsally amendment which blocks special healthcare benefits for congress 
 nist has a unique ability to aggregate existing standards and design data for composites and validate them broader…
rt  hurdonthehill  my  gopoversight it subcommittee will explore the continuous diagnostics and mitigation  cdm  program w/  repratcliffe …
tax day is usually one of the most dreaded days of the year but today we actually have something to celebrate - it …
barbara bush was a great american  she had a profound effect on so many americans and always exemplified class and…
some important history in the wake of  reptomemmer s win in yesterday s hotdish competition  why do minnesotans ca…
as dean of the house  i have experienced more than a dozen shutdowns & they aren t the answer  shutting down the go…
rt  housegop  you ve heard about 4 million workers getting  4 billion in bonuses  but have you heard about the 48 states where utility bill…
time to confirm gina haspel as director of the cia  democrats are stalling her confirmation even though they confir…
rt  amandadfo    ftbraggnc commander   i m in awe of this position  my story for  fayobserver 
today we celebrate world autism awareness day  i join  potus in encouraging everyone to continue learning more about…
 indivisible_oc flash  gov offices r usually only available by appointment  disrupting gov employees from their job is a crime 
when you read the memo think about the fingerprints of obama  obama  guaranteed  no corruption in fbi or doj in any…
democrats just voted against providing health insurance to low income children  over 100 thousand children in india…
sub health is now considering the discussion draft  to enhance and improve state-run prescription drug monitoring p…
rt  housebudgetgop  input from members of congress plays an important role in the budget process  learn more about the committee s upcoming…
icymi- i am fighting on behalf of veterans exposed to toxins in burn pits during their service  they can t afford…
icymi  the house of representatives passed four  housejudiciary bills last night 
 ca08 
it was an honor meeting jeanette davidson-mayer  an idaho military spouse and the caregiver fellow at the…
as we start looking forward to the new year  i m reminded that 2017 was a year of accomplishments 
 emma_dumain right back at you  emma  happy early birthday 
tune into  ewtnnewsnightly tonight a 6/9pm et to hear my assessment of u s  efforts in afghanistan 
check publix status
rt  repchrissmith  house passes gold star families voices act  opening  librarycongress project to families of vets who gave  the last full…
great news for alabama  the public service commission announced that  alabamapower customers will see lower bills o…
enjoyed my visit to  ccfortworth  learning about the great work they re doing to help lift people out of poverty  w…
despite the schumershutdown  my dc and district offices are still open and doing work the work of michigan s 10th…
coming up ➡️ subcommittee hearing on strengthening welfare to work with child care  details 
this week is national park week and the perfect opportunity to plan your summer vacation to a nationalpark  with so…
don t forget  coffee with your congressman  today in ozark at noon  i hope to see you at atu-ozark  ar4 arnews…
rt  houseagnews  the last time unemployment was this low 3 9% was 2000 and there were 17m people on  snap   today  there are 42m people on s…
congress is getting results 
the  mariners are back in seattle  looking forward to a great baseball season this summer  and seattle is excited t…
rt  gopleader   potus  congress and the administration have made a lasting impact on regulation so far in 2017   -  aaf
i was honored to receive the  defender of housing award  from the  nahbhome of central new york  in congress  i wil…
in celebration of the 3-month anniversary of the enactment of the tax cuts and jobs act  visit the newly revamped…
good news for ohio whirlpool workers  my statement 
rt  whirlpoolcorp  thank you congressman  pattiberi for your support of fair competition and american manufacturing today   usitc  fair trad…
attending the joint meeting of congress address by emmanuel macron  president of the french republic
rt  foxnews    tgowdysc on missing fbi text messages   bias is insidious  bias is the one thing in a courtroom    the judge will give you t…
always nice to have folks from my home county in town  had a great visit today with oxford chief of police…
rt  repdonbacon  icymi  i was on  kfabnews to discuss the farm bill and importance of snap work requirements to give people the opportuniti…
happy mother s day  to all the selfless  compassionate  and strong women who have raised the next generation of ame…
tax cuts are working   tysonfoods is investing in over 100 000 of their team members in bonuses  training  and new…
rt  realdonaldtrump  secretary pompeo and his  guests  will be landing at andrews air force base at 2 00 a m  in the morning  i will be the…
happy new year to all and may god bring you many blessings in the year to come   tx36 
the heroin and opioid epidemic has swept through our country  thank you  healthinfocus for meeting with me yesterda…
i joined jim cardle on  texasinsider to discuss a host of issues important to west texas  including this year s far…
rt  noaa_glerl  invasivespeciesawarenessweek check out this great lakes infographic   how would an asian carp invasion affect fish in la…
met with the next generation of north texas leaders today   utaustin students from southlake and addison 
rt  justicereform   i was given a second chance in my own life through my faith  says  repdougcollins about why he supports prison reform …
good afternoon everyone  i ll be answering your questions about taxreform today  let s get the ball rolling askmikeconaway
talking to  mboyle1 on  breitbartxm at 11am central today  we ll discuss my mueller report  tune in to…
the  cityofbrighton new commerce center will bring 1000 new jobs when completed to  co06   a great addition to the c…
i will join  paulharrell1776 at 7 30 a m  on  conduitnews  we re discussing recently-passed tax cuts and my introdu…
spent this afternoon touring homes under construction after the destruction of hurricane matthew  one of the best p…
rt  repandybiggsaz  happy to join my colleagues at today s  westerncaucus roundtable in arizona to discuss water  mining  public lands  inf…
this morning  sanfordbishop & i had breakfast with new  usda secretary sonny purdue  secretarysonny
 clearpathfound  i m tired of the left owning the debate on clean energy and the environment  g o p energy solutions
wasn t  secpompeo just confirmed 13 days ago  north korea
tune in  shortly  i ll be speaking on the house floor about my bill  h r  3851  the war crimes rewards expansion ac…
rt  foxnewsvideo    tgowdysc   if us knew russia was meddling  what did we do   americanewsroom
great meeting with the o fallon chamber of commerce to discuss taxreform  i showed the group the postcard sized fi…
thanks to  mayormannycid  miamilakesnews for hosting this morning s national day of prayer event  let s put aside our…
tax reform recap  the tax cuts and jobs act lowered taxes for all americans so you can keep more of your hard-earne…
today i discussed a range of policy issues important to north dakota with  epascottpruitt during a sub environment…
great meeting with the south carolina timber producers this morning  depending on how you calculate it  timber is t…
particularly excited to see sam brownback s confirmation  he s been a consistent champion of religious liberty arou…
thank you for meeting with me today 
it was great to attend the alabama farmers federation 45th annual commodity producers conference and expo this past…
what an honor to be in jerusalem for the opening of the us embassy today 
   caroltobias1  nrlc why did national right to life lobby house leadership to substitute born alive for heartbeat   marklevinshow
for small business week  i d like to share some of the efforts i ve made supporting small businesses  was proud to…
rural communities face headwinds as the economy rapidly changes  today  i participated in a panel dialogue with loc…
i am unaware of any legitimate grounds for the termination of the chaplain of the house and stand with my colleague…
america s new embassy in jerusalem testifies to our enduring relationship with israel and its people  again   potus…
 rickmasterson  kennedynation i definitely wouldn t hire you to run social media  you need to work on those goals…
today i filed a resolution that would declare cesar chavez s birthday   national border control day   read more abo…
there are 6 1 million open jobs in the u s   but many lack the skills and training to take them  the farm bill inve…
rt  housegop  if you re a smallbiz owner  then you will be saving big with the tax cutsand jobs act  allowing you to invest more into your b…
happy birthday  energy  wonderful speaking with you  secretary perry 
 4 billion  and counting  in bonuses have been given to hard-working  everyday americans all across this country  h…
the man who carried mr  boone on his back is named mike curtis  here s a photo from the moment when they arrived at…
rt  reptomemmer  proud to work with  repryancostello to fix  chip   our  chip  stability act - included in the cr - is a responsible fix  wil…
with snowstorms impacting much of  va05   please keep these winter weather tips in mind  read more here →…
glad to see that atlanta has made the short list for the  usarmy s new futures command headquarters  alongside my f…
icymi  this is an issue i hear about regularly from community banks and credit unions across the 4th district 
nancy pelosi is calling following the law   unjust and cruel  while a liberal california mayor is ignoring the law…
this week  i introduced legislation to provide regulatory relief to our farmers  this bill is a commonsense way to…
rt  housebudgetgop  the house-passed budget calls for the biggest mandatory spending cuts in 20 years  learn more 
rt  repcurtclawson  after caucusing with my colleagues tonight  i will be voting for a change in house leadership tomorrow  now is a good …
  thejusticedept s lawsuit is a critical step toward combating dangerous sanctuary laws  and i have long been a pro…
i am holding a coffee with cramer on monday in watford city  details ↓
a tax code that is simple  competitive  & affordable will be a game changer for this country  learn more here …
especially w/the increasing aggression from iran against israel  our bipartisan language in the national defense au…
on this day in 1791  our bill of rights was ratified and laid the foundation for protecting our personal freedoms 
a great way to close out small business week 
chairman  rephensarling statement on gary cohn resignation ↓
while this is good news  more must still be done to provide hoosiers & americans across the country relief  & i re…
rt  readyharris  today marks six months after hurricane harvey made landfall  here are the most recent recovery stats from  femaregion6  f…
my advice to other women who wish to serve-- be courageous  speak up  and don t be afraid to take a risk 
rt  housegop  companies all across america are announcing bonuses and increased benefits for their employees because of the tax cutsand jobs…
i m praying tonight for those impacted by this attack in thornton 
in orange county  local businesses are ecstatic because tax reform means more jobs & increased growth  here is what…
rt  reploudermilk  h r  4607 the comprehensive regulatory review act passed the house today by a bipartisan vote of 264-143 
bipartisan budget bill to keep government open necessary to fund our troops & the war on terror  it funds disaster…
the iranian regime continues to show they cannot be trusted  iran has not been honest about its nuclear weapons act…
on january 16  1786  virginia s general assembly adopted thomas jefferson s virginia statute for religious freedom …
have you checked your paycheck  thanks to the tax cuts and jobs act  you should be seeing more money in your pocket st…
rt  edworkforce   we can boost take-home pay for hardworking americans  create jobs and opportunity and make the system fair again        –…
5 pm hearing  hr 2581-verify first hr 2579-broader options for americans hr 2372-veteran act s 1094-va accntbility&whistleblower protctn
 the time is always right to do what is right   dr  martin luther king jr  s words still ring true generations late…
great news for  nc10  as  thermofisherdc joins the many american businesses proving tax reform works  click here to…
icymi  my interview w/  mnmilitaryradio aired over the weekend  get the top 5 takeaways and listen to the full inte…
proud to join community in crisis volunteers in talking to residents & delivering information about opioid abuse 
i have always supported a balanced budget amendment because we must address the budgetary challenges our country co…
tune in at 7 20 ➡️ i ll be joining  morningsmaria
the men and women who serve our nation in uniform have given so much to defend us all  that s why i m keeping my co…
rt  waysandmeansgop  at this morning s hearing  chairman  repkevinbrady took a moment to recognize american hero rep  sam johnson s  return…
i m grateful pres made a military and nat l security decision not a political decision  courage  determination  with leadership we can win 
sounds like a lot of people find  potus s insight on prison reform compelling  safer communities and second chances…
i am proud to see  potus combatting the opioid crisis by bringing our nation s leaders together today at the…
on the floor right now to vote for my amendment to the  ndaa 
rt  shopfloornam  breaking  georgia family-owned manufacturer lands largest contract in company history  credits tax reform for  creating m…
rt  jcjays_baseball  special thanks to  repblainepress for presenting the baseball team w/ extension of remarks documents congratulating us…
congressman griffith s weekly e-newsletter 7 10 17 topics  strengthening nato  gas prices
rt  houseappropsgop  starting now  chairman  rephalrogers chairs a hearing on the fy19 budget for  usaid 
warren buffet  taxreform is a  huge tailwind  for american businesses  that s not an accident  fairandsimple work…
last month  small biz employees saw their wages grow at the strongest rate in more than two years  small business o…
march is colorectal cancer awareness month and i was honored to share my family s story with  fightcrc advocates th…
rt  hascrepublicans  we can not rely on nk good judgement to prevent a war  we must have military presence there to deter - chairman  mactx…
rt  foxnews    jim_jordan on ig report on mccabe   obviously there are big problems at the top levels of the fbi  and this report [friday]…
rt  secretaryzinke  alright so not everything i do during the day is fun for my son wolf  fwiw  repgosar and i had a great time at the  wes…
 klgoertzen  que_divertido those fanatics occupying office of elected reps r the ones acting like fascist thugs 
i was thrilled to join ltg tovo  the commander of  usasocnews  and senior military leaders at the u s  capitol this…
happy thanksgiving  let us keep in mind those who are unable to be with their families this year  especially our se…
1/2 our tele-town hall  previously scheduled for this evening  tuesday  february 6  at 6 30 p m   had to be postpon…
don t get left out of the loop with all that s happening around tax reform  text tax reform to 50589 
my statement on today s omnibus spending bill vote  utpol
missed my newsletter recapping last week in washington and nd  you can view it here →
 i am pleased that we are considering h r  4403  the moving americans privacy protection act…it s commonsense  it s…
its common sense that paid political advertising should be subject to the same disclosure requirements as tv/radio…
all high school students in  ar3  are invited to submit a work of art for the congressional art challenge  learn more…
scenes from this morning s rail subcommittee hearing 
rt  dsisdsuper  thank you  congressmandan for taking the time to meet with me today about educational issues in the up poy15  nassp
the united states continues to stand with our  nato allies  and the people of afghanistan  in the face of evil &…
our military  national defense  and local economy must remain top priorities  and i will continue fighting in congr…
sat down w/  okhorizontv s rob mcclendon to touch on recent epa regulations & the president s nuclear deal with iran
the opioid epidemic is affecting communities and workplaces across the country  at today s subcommittee on workforc…
i was honored to join constituents this morning at the joshua t  harris memorial golf classic in moore county  this…
rt  lymphedemaact1  thank you  repryanzinke for cosponsoring hr1608 lymphedema treatment act to reduce healthcare costs while improving ca…
the alabama grocers association came by my office this morning during their yearly conference in washington  thanks…
shaun ferrell from huntington was able to give all of his employees a raise because of the tax cuts and jobs act …
appreciated opportunity to congratulate tennis team members of vineland high school for winning…
i had the pleasure on thursday of visiting with sheila faske  l  from rose city  tx and janis holt  r  from silsbee…
good luck to our very own  bobbyosbornertx from hyden  kentucky on his first solo grammy nomination 
rt  flotus  i will be joined tonight by an honorable group of americans  sitting with me are heroes who have served our nation in times of…
rt  astros  watch live as the world series champion astros are honored at the white house 
i was honored to meet with fl representatives from the  jewishwarvets of the u s a  today  we had a productive disc…
thank you  iafflocal3786 for protecting our communities 
we will be streaming live in 10 minutes - the subcommittee on coast guard and maritime transportation on the  impl…
  pb_news reports   hormel to give employees stock shares  increase wages   hormelfoods tax reform works
delaying full government funding has a huge negative impact on our military  new programs are put on halt and airme…
senator  jeffflake speaking on the senate floor on the wounded officers recovery act 
rt  cathymcmorris  four million americans  and counting   are receiving more than  3 billion in bonuses  and 90 percent of americans will h…
monday i was able to meet with employees at wellman dynamics which helps make critical equipment for our military …
i recently discussed the status of the ahca on  bbcnews 
memo released people can see and understand for themselves what is happening behind the scenes  revealing the dange…
my prayers are with the families of the victims in barcelona  america is united with our allies against terrorism…
chairman  rep_stevewomack on today s hearing with  mickmulvaneyomb   without question  there are plenty of worthwhi…
during teacher appreciation week  i m thinking of mr  greg clevenger  my american history teacher  ahshighlanders  a…
like the innocent unborn  terri schiavo could not speak or scream in self defense & didn t have a legal advocate  c…
as we observe n e d awareness week  i m reminded of the courageous constituents who have shared their stories w me abo…
happy easter 
rt  houseappropsgop  the committee continues to get our work done on fy19 appropriations bills  this week  three bills were approved in sub…
rt  stevescalise  you may want to reconsider your rhetoric 
our framework for tax reform that is affordable  simple  and competitive has been released  all the details 
power and phones out at my salem office  please call dc office if you need assistance / 202 225 5705
starting now 
i m talking to  getaustinrhodes on newstalk wgac now  95 1 fm  am 580 and streaming live at tune in 
rt  brandonwtvm   share   police need your help finding kimberly ann wall  the 13-year-old is missing from lee county and could possibly be…
i had a great meeting last week with the endocrine society  including dr  vanden brink of  cornell  i look forward…
schools should be a safe space for our children to learn and grow  the stop school violence act provides a multi-pr…
they keep our neighborhoods  schools  and communities safe  please join me today in thanking a law enforcement offi…
the international community should join in holding assad accountable 
rt  housejudiciary  subcommittee chair  jimpressoffice   this was a preventable tragedy  it was a preventable tragedy because law enforceme…
never too early to get involved in public service  great to see holly malone acting as arbyrd mayor for a day  holl…
rt  foxnews    darrellissa    ericholder had systematically obstructed justice  not just against the senate and the house  but against the…
if assad keeps using weapons banned 100 yrs ago to kill innocent syrians  america is morally bound to respond  unli…

1/2 i m inviting sw wa veterans to participate in a live event to record their military stories to be preserved in the library of congress 
 many republicans see the economic value of a robust chesapeake  including rep  rob wittman  whose first district i…
the fy19 legislative branch appropriations bill has been approved on a voice vote 
it s awesome to see educators like mr  johnson create an atmosphere of respect for our students  these first and se…
obamacare s ipab  like its individual mandate  is now history 
rt  usarmy  national medal of honor day  today we honor the 3 493 recipients for their service above and beyond the call of duty
rt  whitehouse   so today  i am keeping another promise  i just signed an order directing secretary mattis to reexamine our military detent…
what a blessing to be singing christmas carols in the united states capitol with a room full of worshippers in stat…
the latest edition of  work week with congressman faso  has been published  take a look and learn about some of the…
great news→ the house just passed an overwhelmingly bipartisan  comprehensive overhaul of the irs  this restoration…
wishing a happy 90th birthday to my friend & mentor  jo ann davidson  🎈
grateful for the response of our law enforcement 
the committee has reconvened 
wisconsin is first in the nation for manufacturing jobs added in 2018  at home in janesville this morning  these am…
  hostess_snacks based in kansas city awarded its employees  750 in cash and  500 in the form of a 401 k  contribut…
second stop on the  mo07  manufacturing tour was at  roiscs in springfield  we toured both facilities at their curr…
rt  jecrepublicans  our economic team is following these developments closely 
confirms what we iowans already knew  1 in infrastructure & broadband access  top 10 in education  health care  qu…
rt  clarkstatepres   john landess and his family understand the importance of the arts to a well-rounded community - looking forward to ce…
rt  repjenniffer    reprobbishop has been one of our greatest allies in our recovery and restoration process  the house natural resources c…
great to see old friends and keynote the highlands county citrus growers association s annual dinner tonight  thank…
the obama administration s decision to abstain at the un is emblematic of a failed foreign policy legacy 
it was a great event  thanks again for having me 
we need to start this process over  reengage with iran and our allies  and have the senate take it up for a vote 
rt  housegop  90% of americans are getting a bigger paycheck thanks to the tax cutsand jobs act  how will you spend your extra     
rt  speakerryan  communities across the country are in dire need of support in their fight against the opioid epidemic  this funding bill p…
happy mother s day  today we celebrate and honor the love and caring that all of our mothers have shown 
looking forward to announcing the 2018 farm bill with my  houseagnews colleagues this afternoon 
she taught us to never stop believing in causes larger than ourselves  and that legacy will live on forever in the…
it s on all of us to tone down the hateful  political rhetoric  we should debate the issues because more often than…
rt  repjimmypanetta  thanks   repdavidvaladao  for cosponsoring our bill to strengthen  usda s flagship organic research program   orei  ht…
rt  repmikerogersal  debating the strategic forces portion of the  ndaa  last night …
speaker paul ryan never asked for the job  but he chose to do it--with heartfelt dedication and duty to the country 
rt  househomeland  icymi   secnielsen explains how a border wall system decreases border crossings by 95 percent  the securing america s fu…
great to have the sterling family from houston  tx visiting washington last week  a member of my staff had the ple…
enjoyed visiting guthrie to tour  lovestravelstop s new 10 000 sq ft facility
yesterday the health subcommittee discussed how workforce programs help the elderly 
46 people die every day from overdoses involving prescription opioids  protect your family and friends  find a disp…
watch live  an overview of the national science foundation budget proposal for fiscal year 2019
i sat down with  wamcradio s alan chartock to discuss a range of topics  including strengthening our national defen…
great way to show support for the men and women who keep our communities safe  especially deputy justin nail who we…
words cannot express our gratitude and appreciation to  nmcclejeune  and its medical staff  for its 75 years of ser…
number of days since the house of representatives sent the senate all twelve appropriations bills funding the gover…
  google  the recession disproportionately affected millennials  leaving many in our country unemployed or underemployed   g o p future
this week  the house passed a series of bills which will help combat terrorism  i was proud to support all of these…
another day  another data breach  today it was reported that panera bread may have had data vulnerabilities for mor…
rt  brazoschristian  take me out to the ball game    brazos christian vs  st  joseph s tonight  3/20  at 6 30pm at olsen field  bring th…
good meeting you & fellow classmates at millville senior high school  keep pushing yourself towards your dreams - o…
rt  keithrothfus  our economy is roaring back to life thanks tax reform & regulatory reform  ✅record 3 9% unemployment rate ✅lowest ever…
rt  joplinglobe  kevin kelley  10  finds comfort in reading  he led an effort that collected 1 300 books for lafayette house 
spoke with sdaho today about reforms to make healthcare more affordable and accessible in south dakota 
another photo from saturday of the entire alabama house delegation welcoming steve scalise to tuscaloosa  photo co…
in the house  we just unanimously voted to reform the  irs  into an agency that puts its core customer – the america…
had a great time w/ eighth graders from st  david s school this week in dc 
rt  nascar  today  on what would have been his 67th birthday  we remember dale earnhardt 
rt  southsideelem  very grateful to have u s  congressman luke messer come to visit  southsideelem today   replukemesser
rt  riponadvance  the house approved  500 million in funding for pennsylvania rail repairs  thanks to  repryancostello &  repmeehan
rt  nebraskafccla  breaking news  franklin  kearney  maxwell  and medicine valley have qualified as the final four teams for nefccla knowl…
excited to announce this year s winner of the third district congressional art competition 
we are rejecting the failed status quo and replacing our broken tax code with the tax cutsand jobs act to create jobs…
numbers 19 11 the one who touches the corpse of any person shall be unclean for seven days 
when it comes to trade   potus and i want something very simple and reasonable  fairness  other countries have be…
because men and women of the military are having their paychecks involuntarily withheld during this shutdown  i ve…
many of my constituents like to go to costco -- here s something else about the company you should know  tax cuts…
rt  dailysignal  podcast  this week we re joined by  replouiegohmert for an exclusive interview about comey and mueller - listen now 
it was good to see you last week  i am glad you enjoyed my op-ed about support for  glri  last week …
icymi  passage of the senate bill is just the start to reforming dodd-frank  utpol  financialcmte read  wsj edi…
rt  usdol  more than 4 million americans working from more than 500 companies have received bonuses  raises  401 k  increases  or other ben…
welcome back  stevescalise  your strength is an inspiration to us all  team scalise
passed 420-1  very pleased the house acted to protect children from identity theft and bring the social security ad…
rt  edatpost   washingtonpost  mikedebonis  ericawerner  ivankatrump congressional research service  the spending bill mandates that report…
tax reform → more jobs  bigger paychecks  and greater take-home pay  thanks for having me on   mariabartiromo…
christ is risen  happy easter 
rt  openlandmt  mt congressional delegation requests hearing on alex diekmann peak   senatortester  stevedaines  repryanzinke
congratulations to the south central community action center for their contributions to the magic valley for the la…
rt  housecommerce  live now  sub comm tech holds hearing on closing the digital divide &gt &gt 
rt  newsleadernow  goodlatte s staff to hold  open door  meetings
rt  riceminus  committee accepts  replouiegohmert amendment to prevent discrimination against faith-based programs  rep  johnson tips his h…
rt  yestongs  energy ventures analysis testifies before congress - data shows that  370 million will be saved from 2020-2030 by taking low-…
icymi- fy18  dhsgov bill boosts nonprofit security grants by 100% to enhance protection against terror attacks 
  deptvetaffairs central texas va director  chris_sandles and i had a productive meeting to discuss important devel…
reforms like this will allow our children and grandchildren to participate in a growing economy  today we celebrate…
rt  repkevinbrady    realdonaldtrump executive order on tax is critical to making our tax system simpler  fairer  and more pro-growth  see…
determined to escape the hustle and bustle of city life  ricky took matters into his own paws 
rt  americanewsroom  watch   sandrasmithfox  jim_jordan on republicans ending the russia probe and the response from democrats
happy birthday   flotus  thank you for your grace in service to our nation 
today we mark the 75th anniversary of  a date which will live in infamy  & remember those who lost their lives …
wishing all the mother s in wa-08 a happy mother s day  🌸
on this day in 1947  the development of the  tubeless tire  was announced  bfgoodrichtires
rt  mariabartiromo  tomorrow  where are the comey memos   repgoodlatte  devinnunes  tgowdysc want them by this monday  we discuss tmrw  sun…
wishing everyone a happy easter  robin and i hope that your day is full of happiness and meaning 
very proud of the leadership of  secpompeo in bringing these three brave americans safely home 
looking forward to speaking with  danaperino around 2pm on the  dailybriefing  i hope you can tune in   ny21 
rt  housegop    potus  this april will be the last time you ever file under the old broken system -- and millions of americans will have mo…
congratulations to cole eddins who has signed to play football at  usmma_athletics  it is a privilege to nominate a…
the dwellings are doing a great job helping those in our community who need it most  learn more here --&gt …
i m proud to be from a state that leads the country in energy production and grateful for the opportunity to have b…
rt  repmcsally   women are expected to do it all  and they are exhausted   g o p working4 women tune in 
today is a significant day for dillon  the pee dee  and the entire state of south carolina - the dillon inland port…
chairman  usreprodney statement on fy19 legislative branch funding bill   it is essential that the capitol is safe…
o-h  🏈 it s game day  let s go bucks  o s uvs i u
my workflex bill will help employees find a better work-life balance by providing paid leave and flexible work arra…
i asked gina clemons  the  socialsecurity associate commissioner for the office of disability policy  for more info…
in the  newsandtribune → hoosiers across indiana s ninth district are seeing the positive impacts of tax reform …
my opening statement from this morning s  hpsci  hearing with former dhs sec  jeh johnson 
rt  soar_eky  halliburton is holding a job fair in pikeville on december 7 at the pike co  public library  help us spread the word  faitha…
as we near tonight s state of the union address  i m optimistic  realdonaldtrump will discuss the need and importan…
rt  oia  thank you  repryanzinke for voting no to selling our public lands  read more here  protect public lands
rt  repandybiggsaz  today   housescience will hear from  nasa   boeing   spacex   usgao and  nasaasap  on the development of nasa s  commerc…
thank you to the oklahoma association of electric cooperatives for electrifying oklahoma 
rt  stevescalise  great news →  mcdonalds is expanding tuition benefits for its employees because of tax reform 
americans will continue to do well thanks to taxreform 
i look forward to working with him & our colleagues now on a multi-year  faa  authorization that leaves the current…
wonderful running to  somiamipolice at  casacubamia  i m appreciative of the men and women who keep our so fla comm…
my heart is heavy for rep  louise slaughter s family and friends today  and my prayers are with them and the folks…
otd in 1954   txinstruments announced the first transistor radio 
134 years ago today  susan b  anthony appeared before the  housejudiciary committee to argue for an amendment to th…
tonight s announcement of us targeted strikes in syria sends a strong message to the assad regime that their brutal…
this morning i ll be joining  aei to discuss the future of community banking  tune in live at 7 30 ct
it s my goal to continue strengthening medicare and improving high quality plans like medicare advantage that provi…
rt  stevescalise  i m back 
on teacher appreciation day  we recognize all the hardworking teachers in michigan who go above and beyond to educat…
rt  foxandfriends    jim_jordan  we all want transparency on the republican side – i m all for the democratic memo coming out
rt  aarpadvocates  thank you  repdonyoung for meeting with advocates from  aarpalaska to discuss the issues that matter most to seniors and…
thank you for being an advocate  i was happy to join you all because every step matters   ia03 
rt  housecommerce  ms  mary winnefeld  stop the addiction fatality epidemic  s a f e  project us   is the mother of jonathon - who just pas…
what a historic day for our unparalleled friendship & alliance with israel  i join all americans & israelis in cel…
congrats to neil chatterjee and robert powelson  it s time to to get to work at ferc 
more great news for american workers  tax cutsand jobs act
today i wrote to secretary of defense mattis urging support for the dod to select the fort custer training center a…
   republicans in the house stand ready and willing to work with the white house to cut wasteful spending 
rt  markacollett  the media relentlessly promotes degeneracy whilst attacking traditionalism & morality  their aim is to destroy western ci…
rt  whitehouse    dhsgov secretary nielsen   border security is homeland security  which is national security  it s not a partisan issue  i…
enjoyed visiting  supremebeverage in tanner where i toured the facility & afterward took questions from employees o…
praying for the victims and families of last night s horrific tragedy in las vegas  heartbreaking 
it s truly an honor to represent the people of california s 39th congressional district  my full statement on the d…
joined  repjoeheck &  rephardy today to introduce a bill to spare nevadans from an unfair obamacare tax  1/3 
fires in san diego are spreading rapidly  please stay alert  keep an eye on the news  be ready  and evacuate when a…
there is absolutely no justification for members of the house & senate being able to use taxpayer dollars & forced…
this is not a matter of national concern worthy of hundreds of thousands of dollars  nsf should allocate its grant…
rt  hascrepublicans  hasc member  repbradwenstrup -  fy18ndaa  reverses trend lines - fully funds pay raise - brings attention to maximizing…
i promised we would seek timely and permanent relief for  bereacollege from a tax that was never intended for work-…
collins applauds president trump s first state of the union address -
rep  sensenbrenner presented olivia mcclain w the congressional award silver medal for her 300  hrs of service to h…
through the  vetsbc  it was a privilege to join some of western p a s veterans for breakfast & listen to their powe…
rt  speakerboehner  for the pope s address  we ll be doing a lot we ve never done before  sneak peek  pope in d c
enjoyed discussing agriculture trade  immigration  water  and tax policy with sec  perdue and local farmers in arvi…
 in 2016  we lost 64 000 americans to drug overdoses  174 deaths per day   we need a community-based approach …
we need full confidence in what we need and if there truly is an excess before anybody talks about  brac   we re not there  no b r a c  fy18ndaa 
starting at 10 am  the financial services subcommittee holds a hearing to review the fy19 budget for the  irs   watc…
rt  westerncaucus  the  westcaucusfound arizona policy roundtable kicked of this morning at 9am to a packed house of members of congress  s…
thrilled that  potus is serious about investments to expand access to broadband internet 
i would like to offer my warmest wishes to our jewish neighbors and friends who begin their passover celebration to…
rt  alana_austin  texas delegation shares personal memories of barbara bush   davidadedc interviews  tedcruz  reprwilliams &  repbillflores…
rt  riponadvance   as chairman of the nutrition subcommittee  i am particularly proud of the reforms put forth for the snap program   said…
 if we re going to win this war against drug trafficking  then we must work together  local  state  and federal aut…
taxpayers are already paying for this data  so they should be able to use it  this legislation allows for people to…
it is clear the use of heinous weapons of mass destruction by a radical dictator  where innocent civilians includin…
 mdufay i am a co-sponsor  the goodlatte bill is my first choice 
kicking off my first congress in your county event in edmonson county   ciyc2016 
1 227 virginians  absolutely devastating  the opioid epidemic knows no boundary  and we must continue to fight back…
this year i proudly supported legislation to take ms-13 gangs off of our streets and lock them up  i will continue…
today  we kept our promise to our nation s veterans  v aaccountability is now the law of the land …
today   10 00   houseappropsgop will mark up the fy19 milcon-va and legislative branch appropriations bills  watch…
on this national dayof prayer  we are grateful to live out our inherent right to religious freedom and must remain v…
the trump admin showed true leadership in its decision to take on our state s reckless sanctuary laws  governor bro…
indeed an honor to be named friendofthe coast in 2017 
the s e n s e act is an environmental success story  it is a common sense solution to keep coal refuse-to-energy plants…
rt  speakerryan  thank you   emmanuelmacron  for coming to congress to speak about the shared values between the u s  and france 
rt  beltonisd  to check out more pictures of  judgecarter s time recognizing and speaking with belton i s d students -
rt  wmedickazoo  yo   repfredupton is in the house  😄 🇺🇸
yesterday  i had the opportunity to tour topeka ymca s kuehne branch and learn more about their new changes  thank…
icymi  i have joined the house bipartisan climate solutions caucus  read below to see my full statement 
during national walkout day  the house adopted an important school safety bill  hr 4909  that i cosponsored  there i…
starting at 10am et → hearing on examining the current data security and breach notification regulatory regime  tun…
on the 50th anniversary of the capture of the uss pueblo  we remember the unwavering bravery of its crew members  w…
rt  househomeland    repscottperry s bill h r  366  the dhs stop asset and vehicle excess act  is off to  potus  desk to be signed into law…
the right to bear arms is firmly established by our constitution  and that right should extend across state lines …
rt  flotus  national take back day is one step closer to fighting the opioid epidemic  parents  take action and get rid of unneeded medicat…
great to visit with my  texasfarmbureau friends this afternoon  their hard work on behalf of ag producers across ou…
rt  cnbc  job openings hit new record high of 6 6 million
i welcome today s announcement by  potus on efforts to lower drug prices and increase innovation  high drug prices…
just starting the 2018  ohiofarmbureau farm forum  got a great lineup of speakers to discuss ag and other issues  h…
townhall meetings continue in richfield & wauwatosa today  meeting details avail  online 
headed to  housecommerce hearing  combatting the opioid crisis  prevention and public health solutions   we must be…
belinda joins me in wishing everyone who celebrates easter  beginning today with palm sunday  a blessed holy week …
looking forward to hearing  realdonaldtrump deliver his  sotu  tonight 
joined michael ball and christy kenady from  servingtogether and loudoun county veterans coordinator tom grant at p…
many thanks to the  okcattlemen for stopping by my office this week  as we look to this year s farm bill  i will wo…
great to join montana this morning on  krtv with ag chairman  conawaytx11 mtpol
rt  repsmucker  good visit today with  repguthrie - chairman of the subcommittee on higher ed & workforce development 
stopped to smell the flowers today at sportel greenhouse in kalamazoo - thanks for having me   mi06 
  repkevinbrady on tax reform phase two   we don t want to rest on our laurels  but keep pushing to improve our tax…
 unclerabbi i think you miss the point  by listening to those who push for unrestrained spending  america is ceding…
icymi  rep  seth moulton and i intro d legislation to demand greater transparency from foreign owned media outlets…
our rural counties are facing severe economic risk due to burdensome & unjust conservation standards for the marble…
rt  ponderela  in september 2011   roslehtinen became the first republican member of the u s  congress to co-sponsor the respect for marria…
looks like we ve found the next cast of cows for chic-fil-a commercials 
rt  houseagnews  farmers and ranchers are the original conservationists  the 2018 farm bill encourages voluntary incentive-based conservatio…
rt  richardburr_dn  michigan lawmakers eager to hear trump infrastructure plan via  detroitnews  repdebdingell  sen…
shanah tovah umetukah 
i had the honor to meet this year s congressional app challenge winner  siddhant chaurasia   s__chaurasia   he is a…
rt  dcexaminer   turkey s erdogan lashes out at israel from his own glass house  by  reppittenger
another example    would the california ag feel the same about 3-million russians living illegally in california …
  chicagotribune   the unemployment rate is now 3 9 percent for all americans  the lowest level since 2000  while t…
rt  tsa_pekoske  i explained during my testimony today that tsa must move faster to meet the demands of the future  faster to minimize vuln…
wishing a blessed easter to all those celebrating today 
in fact  the trustees report tells us that social security s combined trust funds will be exhausted in 2034 
icymi  some highlights from today s state of national security address at  gwcchs 📸  sonsa 
rt  mattsgorman  according to our polling… 54% of americans are living paycheck to paycheck  34% are  400 away from personal economic co…
tomorrow the country will honor my dear friend and statesman bob dole with the congressional gold medal for his lif…
 4 billion in bonuses have been given to employees all over the nation because of the tax cutsand jobs act
icymi  i sat down with  dateline_dc to discuss how taxreform is helping our communities in  pa12  & nationwide  we…
no fuel shortage due to harvey  here s why north texans are having trouble finding gas and links to help
in the 113th congress  earl blumenauer and i worked to pass the water for the world act  ensuring that us assistanc…
rt  vunursing  mtg with vu grad  repryancostello today  faculty  ruthl239  kapnestor and alumna liz loper in support of his house climatec…
 8 of 10  idaho s capitol is only one in the us heated by geothermal water  pumped from 3 000 feet underground  cel…
rt  thehill   breaking   house passes bill that would ban abortions after 20 weeks
this week  i m grateful to the oklahomans who were in washington for reminding me what a blessing it is to serve th…
today  i m honored to attend the ceremony of rev  graham laying in honor in the capitol  he was a modern day apostl…
rt  osuindc  thank you  repstevestivers for taking time to talk higher ed act & all that is happening  ohiostate & in cbus  go bucks
today we celebrate and protect life  my statement on  hr4712   the born-alive abortion survivors protection act …
rt  antoniapass96  for 30 years she s been the voice of south florida in congress and has strived to make our nation greater  from helping…
had the honor meeting with members from the ohio fraternal order of police today - i am still saddened by the polic…
it s small business week   va06  is home to many small businesses  like  smileysicecream in mt  crawford  smiley s wa…
today is a special day of solidarity and a reminder to the world that the bond between israel and the united states…
today is day 46 of famine in south sudan  we need action now to fight famine
today will be a watershed moment in the fight against online sex trafficking when the house votes on my bill  fosta… 
on this solemn anniversary  our nation bows its head in reverent solidarity to reflect on dr  martin luther king  j…
there is more to conservative energy policy than just  drill baby  drill  g o p energy solutions
rt  houseforeign    repedroyce speaks w/ agoa civil society organization network delegation about importance of his agoa and mca modernizat…
here s just one way tax cutsand jobs act is helping women by giving them more freedom  choices  and flexibility in th…
i strongly support  potus s decision to work with our uk and french allies to respond decisively to the syrian regi…
engaging group of students at st  ansgar hs  questions included  net neutrality  trade  economics  environment  and…
i met with dr  pat arola  the va undersecretary  to discuss my pending legislation to expand dental services for ve…
nice to see front page update today on  vcp_hq veterans village  i toured as the tiny homes were first being built 
reminder  i am hosting my 4th annual veterans forum on monday  march 12  the forum will bring together experts from…
happy easter  the most joyous day of the year 
rt  armathsciarts  what and exciting day for  asmsa  junior malik barnes 
rt  housecommerce  michigan has 82 693 children on chip who stand to lose their coverage if senate democrats shut down the government  sch…
joined my colleagues in passing legislation  the student  teachers  and officers preventing  stop  school violence…
good luck to olympians ben ferguson  tommy ford  and laurenne ross – all of bend – at the 2018 winter olympics in s…
thank you to all of my constituents for allowing me to serve you in washington  it has been the honor of a lifetime 
between doubling the child tax credit from  1 000 to  2 000 and improving saving options for continuing education …
our congressional community mourns the loss of one of our own following today s accident on the capitol grounds 
 robertwoliver  kylekashuv  ingrahamangle  475  now we re in the objective realm 
rt  mikeofcc  very pleased  housecommerce will examine draft bill to enact stiff penalties & new  fcc tools to fight pirate radio  many tha…
grateful for all of those who have served and continue to serve today  happy 239th  usmc  semper fi
on small business saturday we highlight the cornerstone of the american economy — the main street small business …
watch live as  potus signs the  2018ndaa  into law  giving our troops the pay raise they deserve 
icymi  last week  i joined  senwarren   sencapito   chuckgrassley   senfeinstein and  repkclark to urge the dea to…
i stopped by the chicago board of trade this morning to talk tax reform with  cnbc s rick santelli watch here 
my nephew andrew married his beautiful bride christy in orange county this weekend  david and i wish them both man…
1 samuel 12 24-25 only fear the lord and serve him in truth with all your heart  for consider what great things he…
25% average increase in premiums for midlevel plans in 2017 for the millions of americans trapped in aca exchanges 
👏 glad we got this done ↓
thank you to  speakerryan for taking time to talk with north texas leaders and hear their feedback on the important…
the stop act passed the house today  it stops taxpayer funded settlements in sexualharassment cases by members of…
this week is small business week  get out and visit all the wonderful shops our main streets and entrepreneurs have…
rep  posey s statement concerning the president s proposal to attack isis politics
yesterday i met with local hotel and franchise owners to discuss onerous federal regulations 
today  the house passed the world bank accountability act to combat corruption  increase accountability  & strength…
mineola  thank you for a wonderful town hall conversation  a lot of great guidance came out of wood co  this morni…
rt  housevetaffairs  today s legislative hearing with  secshulkin on va community care will begin at 10 am  stream it here 
the tax cut and jobs act already at work 
with a new and improved tax code  we need a new and improved irs  i m excited that my bill  the electronic signatur…
it is day 2 for 31 reasons4 tax reform  right now  americans spend too much money filing their taxes  💸
waking to the news of the senseless killings in las vegas  my prayers to those injured & to the families of those who ve lost loved ones 
great meeting a few apollo & shuttle flight controllers & flight directors when i stopped by  spacecenterhou to see…
rt  foxbusiness    replouiegohmert on sending national guard troops to the southern border  there is nothing discriminatory about enforcing…
happy mother s day to all of maryland s moms  your endless love and strength empower all of us to be our best selve…
having fun working behind the counter at  kwiktrip in st  cloud  n a c s in store  nacsonline
icymi  here s my interview with  mariabartiromo re  comey interview on  foxbusiness this morning  video …
today  i voted for hr 4909  stop school violence act  read my full statement here 
 foodbankofcny provides thousands of healthy meals each year to those in poverty  we discussed my support of  snap … 
at  thewilsoncenter s breakfast discussion with  ambkawar from jordan   jmaloten from canada  claudia ivette from…
the only time i ll get the last word with cecil  goodbye  my friend 
  completecollege  in the last 20 yrs  31 million student have gone to college but never earned a degree  g o p future millennials
as we continue to support  _mealsonwheels  it is great to recognize those who volunteer to ensure our older america…
passed my bill with  replipinski tonight  we have witnessed the wonderful success of i-corps in my home state of fl…
if we do a better job equipping our servicemen and women on the front end of their transition  we can reduce the nu…
enjoyed attending the scottsboro rotary meeting today & talking to the group about the threat posed by america s de…
a truly moving moment today as the  oss  was recognized for service to this nation  i authored the bill to authoriz…
it was an honor to participate in the  military and veterans employment expo fair  today in the  auroragov municipa…
it was a pleasure meeting idahoans who are active with the  onecampaign  a great organization fighting poverty & di…
the tax cutsand jobs act is already delivering tangible results for our workforce  and in particular here in michigan…
i enjoyed having tyler grand and daniel drury from missouri s&t in my office this week to discuss the importance of…
taxpayers deserve the truth about who s paying for brightline  & our community deserves answers about why they re r…
the house has prevailed in a battle over the separation of powers  in a case that began under president obama  toda…
since the congressional art competition began in 1982  it has inspired hundreds of thousands of young folks to shar…
hope to see you at the camden opioid summit this evening 
rt  noahpransky  hear  repgusbilirakis describe scene on ground in virginia  where train carrying gop members of congress struck a garbage…
 america s jobs market just did something it hasn t done since 1969  first-time filings for unemployment benefits t…
chairman  repkevinyoder  threats against members of congress have increased dramatically  to protect the capitol an…
gave a legislative update on ktib this am with host gene richard  always great to start the day off with y all 
 financialcmte tune in to  financialcmte as i speak on what this means for michigan - the heartland of our domestic…
the gun debate deserves real introspection  and thoughtful reaction guided by the facts and respect for the constitution 
great  forestservice briefing this morning with  secretaryzinke &  secretarysonny on the outlook for this year s wi…
the best path out of poverty is through work  research shows that americans who hold full-time jobs are 10x less li…
i ll be holding live twitter q&a sessions this week  tweet your questions using ask buddy
rt  financialcmte   fhfa should be shrinking  not expanding its powers  to return to the proper scope of its congressional mandate   - repa…
great meeting with  taylorcollege to learn more about their programs to equip the next generation of medical and ed…
rt  housecommerce  subhealth has reconvened today s markup of 60  bipartisan bills to help combat the opioidcrisis – read more about toda…
rt  frcaction  thank you  congculberson for displaying unwavering commitment and consistent support of faith  family  and freedom  true blu…
deadline for congressional art competition a week away  winner flies to dc  artwork hangs in capitol  idaho high sc…
rt  gopleader  thanks to the leadership of  repannwagner and  repmimiwalters we are closer to ending this terrible wrong and giving victims…
rep  posey s statement on repayment of veteran bonuses
happy birthday to our 43rd president  george w  bush - a good man and a great friend 
harvey is headed our way  stay up to date & stay safe ↓
must read via  lifezette  brendankkirby  the house republican farmbill seeks to reverse the swelling of food stamp…
rt  frcaction  thank you  reploudermilk for displaying unwavering commitment and consistent support of faith  family  and freedom  true blu…
unemployment is just 3 9% and there are 6 6 million open u s  jobs right now – let s bridge the gap for  snap  recip…
today  facebook ceo mark zuckerberg is testifying on the company s use and protection of your personal data  as you…
our tax code is broken  that s why we re making a simpler  fairer tax code for american families & small business…
coming up at 7 15 p m   joethomaswchv moderates our sixth  va05  town hall meeting of 2018  listen live on  wchvnews…
started the day with  otterbein &  hssotterbein students and faculty for their ross leadership hour  thx for the in…
thank you to all  adams12  aurorak12  sd27j  ccsdk12  dcsdk12  lpsk12 teachers for your hard work and dedication to…
meeting notice  tuesday  june 27th   3 pm the committee will meet on hr 3003 - no sanctuary for criminals act & hr 3004 - kate s law 
rt  usarmyoldguard  my dedication to this sacred duty is total and whole-hearted 
the farm bill makes significant investments and improvements in education and training programs  with millions of j…
until latest proposal is dead & sunk  will not let up  south jersey has repeatedly made clear - dem and gop adminis…
glad to vote for house passage of common-sense concealed carry reciprocity bill today   hr38   idahoans shouldn t sur…
enjoyed meeting w/ the kentucky association for adult & continuing education this afternoon 
voted against the  1 7 trillion omnibus  it was over 2 200 pages and i was only given 15 hours to review it  we ha…
a muchos familiares d mis constituyentes les niegan visas a  eeuu   sin embargo  artistas cubanos q defienden al rég…
rt  gopleader  as  potus said in his  sotu   and as  vp has long advocated  no one should have to look beyond the u s  and our world-class h…
rt  usembassybeirut  the u s  embassy beirut community commemorated today the 35th anniversary of the april 18  1983 attack  which killed 5…
rt  speakerryan    repdianeblack   we ve been preparing for a long time for this day    we knew this was our year to finally make tax refor…
rt  househomeland  coming up   househomeland committee members  repjohnkatko   hurdonthehill  and  repgallagher engage in a panel discussi…
🚨breaking  chairmen  tgowdysc and  repgoodlatte call for special counsel to investigate crimes involving bias and f…
rt  awbolympia    lampsonintl kate lampson & awb  krisjohnson_iom  manufacturing is huge in wa  let s celebrate  invest in it
as companies in pa6/ across the country continue to announce bonuses  wage increases  & employee benefits in respon…
 john48733897
led by rep   justinamash and  repbarbaralee  members of the  libertycaucus and  usprogressives held a joint hearing…
rt  foreignpolicy    repmccaul says it s time for the united states to stand up to china s creeping authoritarianism around the world  htt…
rt  ecaatstate  honorable anthony kennedy  associate justice of the supreme court administers the oath of office to  eca_as marie royce  ht…
it was nice to see you & all the great republicans in harris county  your leadership is appreciated  especially as…
as businesses throughout the u p  and northern lower peninsula begin to see the benefits of tax reform and seek to…
congrats to sd s 2018 regional teachers of the year  thank you for the work you do each day for our kids …
public-private partnerships help communities  like champaign  make necessary infrastructure improvements and revita…
headed over to a  houseappropsgop financial services & general government subcommittee hearing featuring the honora…
is it too early for a fbf   never  here is a picture of caroline and me with a 4 district constituent  i think h…
  rage_2016  power line project is  a threat to public safety  to public welfare and to public health    
proud to cosponsor the tailor act  which can offer strong and targeted regulatory relief to our banking institutions 
🚨breaking  chairman  tgowdysc questions hud secretary on exceeding spending limits  read the letter⬇️
today we honor the millions of innocent lives lost during the holocaust  on holocaust rememberance day we stand unit…
in just a few short moments   repratcliffe and i will be joining  mattmurphyshow and  aunielindenberg  make sure to tune in to  realtalk995
are you signed up for my e-newsletter  don t miss the latest news  info & events from my office &  ga08   you can si…
enjoyed touring the cape girardeau best buy today and talking to the employees about the bonuses they received as a…
rt  ndwbb  one team  one goal  national champions  go irish☘️
the new state quarter is out today  pure michigan
investment is coming back to the u s  because of tax reform  it s not an accident – fairandsimple works 
as the son of a teacher  i hold national teacher appreciation day close to my heart  our nation s educators build f…
i thank rex tillerson for his commendable service  and i look forward to my former colleague mike pompeo taking cha…
  potus delivered a strong  visionary  unifying and optimistic speech  i look forward to working with him this year…
follow me on instagram for a look into my day on capitol hill  repchrisstewart
today  chairman  rephensarling announced that  federalreserve chairman powell will testify before the committee on…
last week i introduced a bill  senatebudget committee chairman  senatorenzi and i worked on last congress  it s cal…
touring rudgers registered jersey dairy farm in attica with owner lyman rudgers  credit to lyman and his wife chels…
i was proud to be part of such a great event  thank you  my kidneys my life
icymi  my statement regarding fully funding the  glri  to  mickmulvaneyomb during yesterday s  housebudgetgop hearin…
rt  gopoversight    tgowdysc  we are a nation of second chances  we love redemption stories  it would be nice if our criminal justice syste…
employees can spend 20% of their time working on side projects to benefit the company internally or customer s externally  google g o p future
in light of this news  i m re-upping the op-ed  reprokhanna and i wrote last year  a key part of the drainthe swamp…
martha and i are praying for former first lady barbara bush and for the entire bush family at this time  we treasur…
proud to welcome  usairforce general goldfein to  navseacrane w/  sentoddyoung and  sendonnelly  as rogue nations…
due to the storm & following the closure announcement of the federal government offices in the nation s capital  my…
some of my constituents were worried the tax cuts and jobs act would raise the deficit  but looking at previous fed…
i ll be offering a free guide to grants seminar this wed  aug  16  9-12 at wsu-vancouver  to rsvp & learn more …
rt  jrridinger  thank you to  repmarkwalker and his team for this special visit to  marketamerica hq 
the house approved h r  4 - read member reactions here   repbillshuster  reploubarletta…
i know from experience how difficult it can be for veterans to navigate the va  that s why i decided to open an off…
when you wake up thinking it s friday but it s actually thursday
tonight  we mourn the loss of a former first lady who was a true leader and role model for our country 
rt  jecrepublicans  tomorrow  hearing on  the startup slump  can tax reform help revive entrepreneurship   watch beginning at 10am
tonight   potus delivered a unifying  sotu  detailing a successful first year & laying out plans for the year ahead …
watch  in this week s member spotlight  budget committee member  tomcoleok04 talks entitlement reform …
rt  stevescalise  i m disappointed in senate democrats for shutting down the government  schumer shutdown
thank you for coming by  it was great to meet with you 
to avoid another government shutdown  the house will pass the federal funding bill today  a crucial part of this bi…
after pearl harbor  hays joined an army reserve unit affiliated with upenn as an army nurse  thus beginning a disti…
rt  michaelcburgess  we re delivering on our promise to americans of affordable health care while preserving critical patient protections …
rt  soar_eky  we believe in building a connected 21st century appalachia  watch a recap of this year s summit  watch it  share it 
i co-hosted  aspca s annual summer animal adoption event today -- made a new friend  sayfie
on this day 1925  state & federal highway officials develop route-numbering & adopt the familiar shield-shaped marke…
icymi  our sixth  va05   town hall where you are  of 2018 is available on  wchvnews  listen as moderator…
rt  jiwallner  great piece by  repmarkwalker on the prospect of bringing back earmarks   when earmarks were allowed and encouraged  bills p…
it s not compassionate to bankrupt america  now  they want a bill with a handful of meaningful wins  while surrende…
rt  hurdonthehill  in case you missed today s  gopoversight it subcommittee hearing   ai  technology should allow our government to provide…
tomorrow i ll be  jobcreatorsusa event in roswell to chat w/  ga06  small biz owners w/ home depot s bernie marcus ➝
 pldtruth  realdonaldtrump  barackobama just so you re aware  as far as polls go  and i acknowledge that they are w…
rt  jecrepublicans  tax reform will grow our economy  increase opportunity & increase paychecks  more from last week s hearing
rt  cspan  happening now   repjoebarton recaps congressional baseball game - live on c-span
rt  usda  today we honor our farmers  ranchers and foresters  and celebrate the abundance provided by agriculture  happy ag day
in agriculture full committee business meeting markup of farm bill2018
nj s beautiful nationalparks sites offer something for everyone to enjoy
stuart force  taylor s father  said   if i had to describe everyone involved  i would call us team force  because i…
rt  housesmallbiz  on this tax day  let s hear directly from the states on the tax cutsand jobs act  ohio - when mueller  an employee of fi…
 byrdinator adding ours 
rt  speakerryan  middle-income taxpayers deserve a break  we re going to lower the rates and give them a tax cut 
excited for today s millennial hearing chaired by  repstefanik  tune in   1 00 by following the link  g o p future
 andrew_cybulska hi andrew  i am hosting an in-person town hall this thursday at 6 30 pm  i hope you can make it 
yesterday  i visited the  aspca_apcc in urbana and got to meet the staff who work around the clock to assist people…
today sub energy advanced several important energy security measures  including my bipartisan bill to strengthen…
rt  rephartzler   ndaa  is done at 12 38 a m   many good provisions that ensure accountability at pentagon and funds go to meeting threats…
this agreement also includes additional disaster relief for hurricane harvey recovery 
the committee is actively seeking the input of colleagues who have read the memo regarding next steps  including pu…
talked today from dc w/  idfarmbureau meeting in idaho  discussed my securing america s future act  conservative…
jobs  jobs  jobs  we are so pleased general motors is reinstating a third shift in spring hill  adding around 700 j…
tax reform & cuts should be made retroactive to january 2017  combine retroactivity with repeal of obamacare individual mandate tax/penalty 
next week is an important one for the apalachicola river & bay  on monday  i will be attending scotus oral argument…
tonight at 10pm central will talk to  shannonbream on  foxnews re  omnibus mueller austinbombings & more  tune in 
he [billy graham] was a man of great  great courage 
it s also a mistake to blithely give in to the idea of a united nations general assembly that unanimously supports…
 [children in need] deserve every option for finding a forever family  federal action that allows faith-based adopt…
rt  politicspa  check out our preview of  abc27news s this week in pa w/  owens_abc27  britcrampsie &  eagle63 w/  repscottperry
today is takebackday  visit to learn how you can help prevent drug addiction and fight the…
watch my morning mailbag on  ca10  homelessness and let me know how you think congress can help address the problem 
today we re voting on the financial c h o i c e act  watch this video to see why i m supporting it 
happy hanukkah to all those celebrating 
apply here 
i am very pleased that the doe has opted to extend bae s contract to manage idaho national laboratory  this announc…
last night the house passed the comprehensive regulatory review act  our community banks in indiana play a huge rol…
had the pleasure of talking with  wmbfnews about some projects happening in our district  join me for coffee to tal…
my position remains consistent on the syrian airstrikes  the president must seek congressional approval for militar…
i was honored to attend and speak with the central texas community at this great event for the  nmwf  it reminded m…
this is great news for american workers  and a benefit of the impact that tax cutsand jobs act is having on the u s …
rt  housegop  our 32-year-old tax code had become too long  too complicated  and too greedy for your hard-earned money  that s why we got r…
did you miss our new video in the  personal stories from the opioid crisis  series earlier today  hear amiee s sto…
this semester mike rohdy was an intern in our dc office  mike is a senior at samford university majoring in economi…
today  uscoastguard announced the homeporting of 6 fast response cutters in se alaska  this is a major investment i…
flags are at half-staff in florida as we recognize the victims of the pulse nightclub shooting in orlando one year…
visited my alma mater  archrummel yesterday and was gifted the great honor of a papal blessing from  pontifex  also…
rt  repsinema  introduced a bill w/ congressmandan requiring va to act on warnings about its failures  ending bonuses for bad mgmt 
watch  repwalberg deliver his opening remarks at the start of today s subcommittee hearing on retirement security ↓
great to see nicole fogarty of st  lucie county and kloee ciuperger of martin county to discuss efforts to improve…
from our family to yours  merry christmas 
between 700-900 american women die from pregnancy and childbirth-related causes each year  60% of those deaths are…
thanks to  mayormannycid for taking the time to meet with me  we discussed how the town can utilize  usdot highway…
it s a pleasure to serve fisher employees  this is just the beginning  with 5 4% economic growth projected this qua…
rt  rxsummit    rephalrogers though congress has invested billions of dollars in recent years to increase access to treatment services  onl…
congress is good at two things  doing nothing and overreacting  we re getting ready to overreact so just take that…
great to meet with the washington  enaorg today  i greatly appreciate all of their dedicated work to our communitie…
rt  texastribune  u s  rep  will hurd and some of his republican colleagues declared they ll try to force the house to vote on a series of…
on the air w/  tomroten a little after 8 this morning   800_wvhu
the tax cuts and jobs act will simplify the complicated tax filing system  so they could be done on a form as simple a…
just five months ago  washington democrats were saying tax reform would mean  the end of the world   now the econom…
thx  christiandiezmd  it really is all about the  univmiami u 
coming up on the  housefloor-&gt   repdougcollins will be managing the rule for s  585 - dr  chris kirkpatrick whistleblower protection act 
on average these folks will wait around 600 days to get that hearing 
omnibus bill product of broken budget process  tcot 
the house has a pro life bill  hr 4712  the born-alive abortion survivors protection act  on the floor today  here …
this investigation has gone on for nearly a year with no evidence of any collusion  americans deserve to know how…
this morning - on the first anniversary of his confirmation - secretary tillerson briefed us on the  statedept s wo…
the 18th district of illinois needs tax relief  happy to advocate for a simpler tax code that will put more money i…
great having you in the office  thanks wakeforestneuro  
rt  dcexaminer   breaking   trump withdraws from iran deal  reimposes sanctions
b/c of hyde  two million survivors have had the opportunity to live & enjoy the most basic of all human rights—the…
we gathered key stakeholders in  setx  region to discuss the importance of working together to reduce opioidcrisis …
our current tax code hasn t changed since 1986  today we unveiled a new tax plan that does right by texans 
grateful for all of the hard work by local  state and federal law enforcement in the austin bombings case 
fyi  jcpenny has 1500 open positions in ohio  job fairs taking place in stores from 2 - 8 pm tomorrow  jobs  oh15 
rt  repjenniffer  at the  natresources full committee markup  today we are considering 6 bills
we have heard  realdonaldtrump repeat over & over again that he did not collude w/the russians  after rosenstein s…
rt  houseappropsgop  the fy19 energy and water appropriations bill was approved by the full committee on a vote of 29-20 
notice something different about your  google search this morning  today s google doodle honors the trailblazing wr…
   as well as vulnerable children in the children s health insurance program  chip  like bargaining chips  this is…
chairman  usreprodney  the legislation strengthens oversight and accountability at  deptvetaffairs and  deptofdefense 
our nation is forever grateful to all who have sacrificed to preserve our freedoms  happy veterans day and a sincer…
 speakerryan has been and will remain a good friend and mentor  paul s decision to put his family first and spend m…
rt  wtimesnation  brian losey gets ryan zinke s help with navy whistleblower retaliation protection
tax reform delivers 
w/ ironton mayor katrina keith and flood superintendent mike pemberton at the city s flood gates- takes 12 workers…
our framework for taxreform will help you save time & money filing your return 
sub energy held a hearing today on the state of electric transmission infrastructure as part of the…
the 2018 congressional art competition is open to high school students residing in georgia s 11th district  click h…
rt  ca_dwr  oroville spillway press conference feb 9th
live now -&gt 
we have enacted the biggest tax cuts and reforms in american history   sotu 
💪
at national automotive chemical in cambridge  learned about the soap production process talked w/employees about op…
small businesses are thriving because of the tax cuts and jobs act  custom truck and body works in  ga03  is just on…
coming up on  riskrewardfbn  make sure to tune in 
as a member of the foreign affairs committee  i will continue to hold firm against russian aggression and push back…
approving ✅ fy18ndaa  = good news for our troops  strong national defense  and hanford cleanup   wa04… 
i am about to call in to  wtaw1620 to give a washington update  tune in or listen online
rt  catoinstitute  the freest countries in the world by quartile enjoy much greater income per person   38 871  compared to those in the le…
thanks to  abcpolitics for having us on cc   repjoshg
great taking a tour of the markwest energy partners facility in moundsville this afternoon  great discussion on…
 walterjanicek i voted no walter 
i was proud to support a bill today that helps hardworking arkansans  especially those in our rural communities  ac…
rt  repjasonlewis  happy to stop by the burnsville branch of us bank-- recently  they gave 60 000 employees a  1 000 bonus thx to historic…
i appreciate  repjohnlarson for also recognizing social security is in trouble & needs to be fixed 
rt  repkevinbrady  championed by both republicans and democrats on the ways and means committee  we are moving forward a package of nine bi…
rt  cassvilleschool   usreplong tours cassville intermediate prior to the ribbon cutting and can see firsthand the fema funded project  htt…
today the house will be taking major steps in providing stability for our aviation community  strengthening passeng…
great seeing you and so many other good friends  ccvohio   cjscalia did a great job sharing his dad s love for his…
celebrated the sikh new year vaisakhi today with supervisor  patherrity and the sikh community at the sikh foundati…
rt  healthylakes  members of congress are standing up for the great lakes   repfredupton and others have asked for full funding for  glri … 
congrats to winners of 2018 congressional art competition  1st  brie sperfslage from alburnett hs  2nd  daniel ber…
rt  ajcglobal  thank you  president  emmanuelmacron for honoring mireille knoll and attending her funeral today 
small businesses create jobs  help grow our economy and put americans to work  small business saturday
we re making america s broken tax code fairer & more competitive for everyone  tax reform tuesday
if you re wondering whether the house got a lot done  here s your answer  via  housegop
 wjtv if you are able  join me and  libnofcongress tomorrow morning at the ms book festival  if not  you can tune i…
started off this morning at  atlantictrojans schuler elementary  i shared a book with them and added it to the scho…
today our committee launched the  personal stories from the opioid crisis  video series  sadly  stories just like t…
rt  foxandfriends  rep   jim_jordan on dem memo  second anti-trump dossier
while the bipartisan budget act is far from perfect  the bottom line is that in a world where challenges to our nat…
first team
 new government data suggest that fewer people are facing layoffs  initial claims for state unemployment benefits h…
glad we could meet  frank
i call our farmers america s  thin green line  because food security is national security  passing the…
rt  govwaste  the  republicanstudy 2019 budget would slash federal spending by  12 trillion over the next decade 
we are still going strong with our markup of the national defense authorization act   fy19ndaa    this bill is criti…
met with  sfl  students visiting dc with  closeup_dc  where we discussed civic engagement and school safety issues …
today millions of activists across the country & in  fl26  will be participating in the march for our lives …
it is an honor to speak at useaannualmeeting and receive the 2017 united states energy award   usenergyassn
my remarks on the house floor earlier this afternoon in support of h j res 123  the continuing appropriations act f…
but that is exactly what the sfpd did 10 times for just one individual between 2013-2017 because san fran is a sanc…
rt  mtc_pres  thank you congressman  jim_jordan for meeting with marion tech ambassadors and  mtc_pres today  we enjoyed the visit and our…
had a great meeting with more than 20 farmers from the district today  we have a lot of ag diversity and many produ…
i am looking forward to seeing ryno on tuesday and i am praying he has a safe trip to washington 
a little monday motivation if you are looking for a new job → after tax reform estimates say there are currently ov…
rt  freedompartners  as the  waysandmeansgop considers the impact of tax reform so far  here s how americans are already benefiting from th…
i commend  statedept 4 committing additional funds to assist venezuelan refugees displaced throughout the region …
rt  mschlapp    republicanstudy chairman  repmarkwalker understands that america s founders envisioned a nation built on strong families…
 ups  one of the largest employers in kentucky  today announced a  12 billion investment to benefit their workers a…
steve has shown incredible progress since he was shot  he s as energetic and lively as ever  dianne and i are conti…
rt  indianahosa  a message from indiana hosa   reptrey
 scotus  gives a definite win to states  rights in its  paspa  decision today 
our bill to fix duplication of benefits passed overwhelmingly in the house today as part of a broader legislative p…
sadie  a student at  abac_college  has just completed a 12-week internship in my dc office  young folks who intern…
kicking off the district work period with the griffin/spalding chamber of commerce talking about how tax reform and…
rt  deahq  d e a take back collection sites open in 1 hour find a site near you 
headlines should be screaming the good news about our economy  republicans know how to help working families 
 for the dead and the living  we must bear witness   ― elie wiesel holocaust remembrance day
workers deserve a secure and stable retirement  read more in this week s column 
may is military appreciation month  thank you to all the men and women who serve our country 
republicans in congress promised to cut tax rates and make it easier for everyone to file their taxes  and we deliv…
had a great time in centennial today celebrated holi  the festival of colors  thanks to the 500  attendees for thei…
proud of  universityofga in rio2016  go dawgs georgiansin rio dawgs in rio
looking up to our leader   realdonaldtrump loved seeing ashlyn henson of wayne county admiring this photo at the…
rt  flotus  national take back day is one step closer to fighting the opioid epidemic  parents  take action and get rid of unneeded medicat…
pittsburgh international airport urges passage of the 21st century airr act ✈
i appreciate the white house convening a meeting tomorrow with california elected officials who are standing with l…
rt  repdonbeyer    repcurbelo & i are leading a bipartisan group of 84 members calling for strong funding to doe s arpa-e program  this inn…
june 29  2016 has officially been named as a day to honor basque heritage & culture in nevada  learn more   nv02 
i strongly support the work of  repdevinnunes bringing to light the issues addressed in this memo and support its release  release the memo
my office is seeking an energetic  organized  and motivated individual to join our hanford team as an administrativ…
it s always great to stop by maxwell-gunter air force base  today i spoke to the squadron officer school and had a…
my statement on last night s airstrikes in syria 
in congress  we have already begun rebuilding our military by providing the funding our troops need and boosting mo…
rt  whitehouse  watch live as president trump delivers remarks at a bill passage event 
rt  gwcchs  livestream at 10 am   househomeland committee chairman  repmccaul will give the state of national security address
rt  ap  u s  employers added a robust 200 000 jobs in january  and wages rose at the fastest pace in more than eight years 
establishing term limits would be a complete paradigm shift  glad to see the idea is really starting to pick up ste…
honored to join  santafecollege president sasser & the district board of trustees for the expansion of the sante fe…
h r  2706 and h r  3312 were passed out of the  financialcmte today  next stop is the house floor 
police week
in less than 45 minutes  we will honor the brave men and women of the office of strategic services   oss   with the…
tax cuts are helping people better their lives  these are personal stories from folks across our nation supporting…
met with  secretarysonny today to discuss issues facing the agriculture and poultry industries in  md01 
i commend the president for declaring that the opioid crisis is a public health emergency  we need a national focus on this epidemic 
need help w/ a fed issue or have a question/concern  stop by my mobile office hrs fri  4/6  from 11am-2pm  at south…
police week honors the men and women in blue who put their lives on the line daily to keep america s communities sa…
✔ increased paychecks ✔ 401 k  match increases ✔ employee bonuses the benefits from the tax cutsand jobs act are real…
 to maintain america s global standing as the leader in science  we must meet our international commitments & suppo…
this saturday  city hall on court st  in the dalles will serve as the dea s  take back day  collection site for was…
rt  natresources  with wildfires raging across the west  we can t afford to wait any longer  it s time our senate colleagues pass the resi…
an honor to have  secretarycarson in  ia01  to discuss solutions to the opioid epidemic
rather than clearing up prior fbi and doj actions  these recently produced documents cause us to further question t…
we re now at day three of schumer shutdown  senate dems must stop holding the federal government hostage 
whether it s television  twitter or telephone  the message remains the same  dont drill s c  we must use every tool i…
rt  ardeptofagricul   there is no down side to healthy forests   says  repwesterman at the arkansas fire policy forum  highlighting the rol…
good discussion this morning with students from  uahuntsville and mike ward from the  huntsvillealcoc about the imp…
wishing you and your family a very happy thanksgiving  as americans  we have so much to be grateful for  this thank…
rt  msabrookhaven  octavian singleton  right-center  of brandon and kevin pettigrew  left-center  of magee received art awards from congres…
i had the pleasure of attending a dedication in valatie for two new homes built by columbia county habitat for huma…
rt  rulesreps  happening now  chairman  petesessions is on the  housefloor managing the rule for h r  1  the tax cuts and jobs act  watch l…
today is torture victims day  click here to read my legislation to help stop torture worldwide 
breaking  i join republicans and democrats to announce a bipartisan solution to protect dreamers 
congressman posey s statement observing memorial day
thank you to the small business owners from the missouri restaurant association for stopping by my dc office today …
non-stop  international flights from ontario  ca to taiwan are an engine for job growth & opportunity  click here t…
members of my staff hold mobile office hours each month to meet with  in05  residents & address their concerns  no a…
our troops risk their lives every day to keep us safe  we just passed a bill to give them the resources they need 
i never thought i would see the day when democrats put noncitizens above the american military and our children in…
met with wayne advocates on behalf of  ndss to discuss important job programs 
the flags of the capitol have been lowered to half-staff in honor of our dynamic ranking member  louiseslaughter  s…
 freedomcaucus sent to  realdonaldtrump   mr  president  we urge you to remember the countless forgotten men and w…
got behind scenes look at impressive robotics and technology of  amazon fulfillment center
looking for answers about our framework for taxreform  well  look no further →
my statement applauding the confirmation of  repjbridenstine as new  nasa administrator 
  cnbc   consumer confidence at 128 7 in april  vs 126 reading expected 
when i ran for congress i pledged to do all i could to begin rebuilding our military  and this bill accomplishes th…
the final day to register w/ fema for individual assistance for damage sustained w/hurricane irma is nov  9  2017 
without  andrewbreitbart america would ve continued its slide into leftist authoritarian oblivion 
i am hopeful that the supreme court will recognize the devastating effects of georgia s water usage and the army co…
breaking  my  stress  act is included in 2018 farm bill  to farmers in minnesota and across the country  help is on…
back in 1997  dilbert got it right  twenty-one years later  too few americans read the  terms and conditions  we ag…
my amendment included in the faa reauthorization brings congress one step closer to protecting the public before de…
i wrote to  usopm opposing its recommendation of cutting benefits for federal workers  over 30 000 of which are in…
it was an honor to visit with a few of o k s heroes today at the w w i i memorial & hear their stories  our veterans a…
tragic news out of florida this afternoon  children learning in their classrooms should not have to experience vio…
 we have built bridges 80 years ago that only have a 40-year lifespan so addressing our crumbling infrastructure is…
sad to hear the news of the passing of gene cernan  american astronaut and hero  our thoughts and prayers are with his family and loved ones
congratulations to the garden city bearkats on their state golf victory 
echoing  potus on this national dayof prayer  prayer  by which we affirm our dependence on god  has long been fundam…
attn ar4  are you visiting the d c  region for spring break  take the  wmata to capitol south & swing by my office…
big news  with overwhelming bipartisan support  the house just voted to give our troops their largest pay raise in…
starting soon  the state & foreign operations subcommittee holds a hearing on the fy19 budget for  ustreasury s int…
next week  sub oversight will hear directly from executives of five drug distributors at the epicenter of the cmte …
rt  realdonaldtrump  congratulations to the houston  astros  2017 world series champions⚾️houston strong earn history
congrats to my friend  hildalegg - kentucky s new director for  usdard
congressman griffith s weekly e-newsletter 11 20 17  a song of thanksgiving
without an accent   it is crystal clear that it was a joke directed at brock because he and i both have similar ac…
when i met with local businesses last week from  tx10   they too were feeling optimistic  the tax cuts and jobs act is…
rt  repdonbacon   potus i am committed to fully funding our military and ensuring our troops have the resources they need to be successful…
speaking with  khqa and  wics_abc20 for this week s connect to congress interview
colorado plays a big role in american space exploration  on saturday   nasainsight launched on a  ulalaunch atlas v…
rt  repkevinbrady  championed by both republicans and democrats on the ways and means committee  we are moving forward a package of nine bi…
today we will vote on the tax cuts and jobs act  under this plan a hard working family of 4 earning a median income…
happy mothers day to all of the mothers who have impacted my life for the better - especially my own momma and my w…
rt  senangusking  proud to have  repjoebarton &  repjohnlewis introduce the deliver act in the house today  cc   johncornyn   _mealsonwheel…
rt  reppeteolson  my hero  samspressshop spent 7 yrs as a pow in hanoi  we honor all pows & all missing in action  never forget p o w m i a reco…
today we honor the memories of the 168 souls taken from us too soon & those who lost loved ones 22 years ago …
 fl18  had the most participants in the  theaward program this year  proud of all our students for their leadership…
last week  i asked an  amtrak representative about the difficulty of implementing new rail safety measures  new tec…
there are many great resources available for individuals in a mental health crisis  but they can be difficult to find in a time of need 
today   housecommerce s sub health examined the collapsing insurance markets 
date change   federalreserve chairman powell will now deliver the semi-annual monetary policy report to congress on…
spoke with  monroemichamber today about tax reform  the opioid crisis  great lakes restoration initiative  and othe…
yesterday  a court ruled that cfpb violates the constitution s separation of powers  a win for the rule of law 
rt  stevescalise  happy national small business week to the 30 million small businesses that are the backbone of our economy and our communi…
honored to be named the 7th most bipartisan member of congress by  thelugarcenter nonpartisan review --&gt 
i am pleased that  energy responded favorably to our request to terminate the doe/clean line partners agreement  it…
this is national police week  when officers and their families travel to washington  d c  to remember their loved o…
rt  usrepgarypalmer    repdavid and i introduced our risk sharing amendment to the  ahca  this morning 
rt  toyotapolicy  several of our michigan employees and suppliers met with  repdavetrott on wednesday  thank you for your support of toyota…
happening now  markup of h r  2152  the  citizens  right to know act of 2017   watch live 
cheering on  mariettacollege men s basketball tonight in the oac quaterfinals vs wilmington college  a lot of peopl…
rt  houseappropsgop  today at 10 am  the labor-hhs subcommittee examines federal funding for job training programs  watch live --&gt 
rt  justinamash  the  fisa702  bill permits the government to search americans  communications and data without a warrant in violation of th…
rt  foxbusiness    repleezeldin on north korea summit talks   we need to know up front whether or not kim jong un is real  
update  my  housefloor presentation should begin in the next 20 minutes  please tune in to  cspan to provide an update on  cbo  scores 
rt  riponadvance  bipartisan bill from  cathymcmorris and  mikekellypa expands access to medication therapy management  mtm  in opioid fight…
i enjoyed speaking to the east dallas rotary club at their luncheon today and thanking them for their continued inv…
great meeting with sgt  steve gaynor of the fraternal order of police to discuss the important issues congress need…
 indivisibleca10  denverpost i voted for hr3922  which passed the house on nov  3 and extends chip  it s over at th…
i send my sincere condolences to all who have friends & family impacted by the  amtrak tragedy this morning 
working hard for  jjdpa  juvenile justice reform  important for  mn02  and across the country thx to  bobbyscott…
over the weekend  my office held its academy day for prospective students and parents interested in attending our u…
rep  jim bridenstine recognized for leadership on space issues
what a beautiful day to visit fort rucker  i was thoroughly briefed by general gayler & appreciate his time  as i t…
the classified report compiled by house intelligence is deeply troubling and raises serious questions about the upp…
rt  ewtnnewsnightly   yes i think we need a strategy  in syria  says  repbyrne  r-al   he also defends  potus bypassing congress before the…
rt  waysandmeansgop  it s been 31 years since the last major tax reform  join us in august🗓️ as we show 31 reasons why we need tax reform …
joined manatee educational tv today to talk opioids  veteran issues and more  check out our talk in the coming da…
  repsinema & i introduced a bipartisan bill  the active cyber defense certainty act   acdc    to give americans mor…
joining  wolfblitzer on  cnn momentarily 
on this day in 1908  the  wrightbrosnps flew their mechanic  charles furnas  making him the world s 1st airplane pa…
watch live  i am giving a lecture on the nifla v  becerra case at  frcdc
happy presidents day to the great american presidents who have fearlessly & selflessly guided us through times of w…
tomorrow  the nuclear waste policy amendments act will be on the house floor  here s all the resources and inform…
my first read of the day   this two-year budget is a huge albatross  via  breitbartnews  omnibus
our office celebrated older americans month with the chemung county office of aging and long term care  thank you t…
always great to join  ohiostate s annual sg o s u breakfast go bucks
i was on  foxnews to discuss how imperative a long-term spending bill is  the house passed all 12 approps bills in…
 marybro77801894 that omnibus was spendy because the gop wanted it to be spendy  pure and simple 
this morning i was honored to tour the goodwill inn in traverse city  the largest shelter in northern michigan 
rt  autismvotes  join us tomorrow at 11am   autismspeaks will testify at the  housesmallbiz hearing to share how small businesses empower i…
 il14  parents  join us for service academy day on april 21 if your student is considering serving our country throu…
please join me in recognizing the brave men & women who put their safety on the line in order to protect ours…
an honor to meet harold gournay  wwii veteran & former pow  at opening of new va clinic in lake charles  thank you…
so happy for  webbsimpson1 and  paultesori on the huge win  theplayers   pgatour  theplayerschamp
more benefits from the tax cutsand jobs act   ups announces  12 billion investment to expand the company s smart logi…
visiting the carrollton industrial park and other businesses in carrollton this morning  small business week
posey to help kick off the 4th annual cocoa beach kidney walk may 9th national kidney foundation kidneywalk
happy 242nd birthday to the united states marine corps  usmc  thank you for your service   semperfi
live now  arrival ceremony for the late reverend billy graham to lie in honor at the u s  capitol rotunda 
for fire prevention week   a few of our local fire chiefs joined me to highlight some important fire safety tips 
budget package bills require sixty votes to pass in the senate  the gop has 51 senators  are there not at least nin…
this africanamericanhistorymonth  check out the  librarycongress website to learn about the tuskegee airmen  mlk a…
 indivisibleca48  chadenelsen  mrslindaruiz only a fake or a fascist would insist that someone is a fake for disagreeing 
born in piedras negras  self-taught artist consuelo  chelo  gonzález amézcua immigrated with her family in 1913 to…
 cfpb  senwarren  repmaxinewaters even worse   cfpb restricted its pool of data by looking at a mere one-year perio…
including my work on the tax cuts legislation  expanding rural broadband  and ensuring that the american worker and…
  usrepgarypalmer  the food and nutrition service administers the program in partnership with state agencies  but n…
last week  the energy subcommittee held a hearing to examine our energy infrastructure  my bill  promoting hydropow…
happening now   hascrepublicans hearing on  oversight and reform of the department of defense 4th estate   tune in 
rt  vp  at a time when we have u s  soldiers in harm s way in syria  iraq  and afghanistan  it would be unconscionable for democrats in con…
from maine to georgia to minnesota and all across our great nation  taxcuts & smaller govt are making a real di…
looking forward to being on  foxnews  tuckercarlson at 6 30 pm mt  i ll be talking about the possible government sh…
rt  summerdashe  excellent live interview   treypaultv  with  reptomrice tonight on a b c15 news at11   sotu  local news
rt  txplanning  downtown bryan has been designated great place in texas  learn more about this great neighborhood at
great to visit my alma mater   riceuniversity  w/  judgetedpoe   congculberson & experts to discuss how to prevent…
excellent meeting with  potus trump   senschumer   nygovcuomo   chrischristie &  repdandonovan on gateway project  vital to ny economy 
rt  utarlington  story airs tonight at 5pm on  cbsdfw 
i m humbled to join  mikepencevp and small business owners from around york county and the 4th district to discuss…
millions of americans live in these distressed communities  and they re being left on the sidelines simply because…
 we are one people w/ one destiny  we all bleed the same blood  we all salute the same flag  we are all made by the same god   joint address
dyk  99% of all u s  businesses are small businesses  thanks to tax reform  small businesses across the country hav…
i previously cosponsored  hr1059  & have consistently called for imposing strong sanctions in response to russian meddling in 2016   5/7 
assad and his allies in iran and russia bear responsibility for the heinous chemical weapons attack on the syrian p…
thank you  potus for signing tax cutsand jobs act into law today  this tax cut is a win for working and middle-class…
rt  foxandfriends   president trump is showing that peace through strength is working…as peace comes to the korean peninsula  i do believe…
rt  repmccaul  we must continue to shine the light on hurricane harvey  read more in my op-ed published in the  houstonchron about what w…
come down to fort smith   springdale saturday 4/7 for academy day to learn about how to serve our country   ar03… 
rt  houseagnews  house ag has laid the groundwork  it s go time  2018 farm bill  conawaytx11
because of the schumer shutdown at midnight guard and reserve members across the country will be sent home without…
i also discussed nafta w/ the ambassador 
part of russia investigation  to look at role of social media in disseminating malign content from russian actors
rt  presssec  awaiting  potus in the house chamber to deliver his first state of the union address - safe  strong and proud america
great news -  amazon is opening their first fulfillment center in missouri  right here in our district where they w…
proud to be a part of the bipartisan congressional forum on opioid abuse this morning at the  rxsummit alongside…
rt  repjasonlewis  met w/ the founder & ceo of ameritek int  to discuss his manufacturing business & how tax reform is benefiting it  back…
do you need help with compensation claims  military records  or obtaining earned military medals  attend one of my…
spending time today to read the bill  will share my thoughts after a thorough review 
enjoyed meeting with these bright young students from berry middle school after their capitol tour this morning 
 benjamin_richer  benjamin_richer we have 3 town hall meetings on saturday   feel free to stop by and ask your questions 
i have led a letter along with 15 other members calling on gsa to terminate citibank s contract due to their anti-s…
i m discussing my vote against the omnibus with kvre s tom nichols  ar4 arnews arpx
rt  jim_jordan  6  why and how often did doj lawyer bruce orr meet with dossier author christopher steele during the 2016 campaign 
to all  ga10  teachers who have inspired  educated  & lifted up the many children who have come through your doors …
today – and everyday – is a time to honor our greatest generation who proudly fought to preserve freedom  humbled…
what local army vet shawn antonious did for 22 cold days in january at jefferson barracks to raise awareness about…
rt  dcexaminer  just in  house votes to exempt some banks from one of the biggest dodd-frank rules
rt  speakerryan  this week s tax reform good news  3️⃣ 9️⃣% unemployment rate  lowest in nearly 20 years  3️⃣ 2️⃣5️⃣% hourly wage growth…
i stand with our police officers as they serve and protect our communities  as we observe national police week  i…
have you texted tax reform to 50589 yet  keep up-to-date on all of the companies who have made major announcements…
attention  co03  high school students  this year  my office will be accepting submissions for the congressional art…
background checks work & help keep guns out of the hands of criminals  domestic abusers & those deemed dangerously…
south knox high school in the building  sls2018 
happy 4th of july  god bless america  
rt  housecommerce  sub oversight chairman  greggharper previews next week s hearing featuring testimony from the major drug distributors at…
  navient  40% more students enrolled in higher ed than in 2000  student loans now total more than  1 3 trillion  g o p future millennials
to find out how the tax cutsand jobs act will benefit you and your family  text  tax reform  to 50589 
the house voted two days ago to keep the government open  fund  chip   and provide our military with the resources t…
rt  congressmanruiz  air ambulance service can mean the difference between life and death in an emergency  especially for rural communities…
rt  indianarla  great chat with  repwalorski this morning - proud to have her represent our state & industry as she works to get the save a…
that s why i introduced legislation to bolster pipeline safety and increase penalties on bad actors  if passed  my…
skip wells was a proud marine  true american & georgian hero  we are forever grateful for his service 
rt  hapupdates  thanks  mikekellypa  repbillshuster  congressmangt for supporting rural health in  pa  via hr 1955  rural hospital access…
today s ruling against the monster power line proposed for monmouth county was a victory for safety & economic conc…
members of  un security council angola china & egypt must support armsembargo against south sudan…
rt  gopoversight    usrepgarypalmer  this administration has seized upon a real opportunity to undo much of the damage our government has c…
we re starting day two of the talk small yall tour at ktfs radio in texarkana  watch for updates from myself and sen…
happening now  i m leading the terrorism and illicit finance subcommittee hearing on combating cyber-attacks to bet…
great constituent meeting today in anderson to discuss the lakes and various water issues in  sc03  – thanks for you…
5  relief from obamacare the tax cuts and jobs act repeals obamacare s unpopular and ineffective individual mandat…
thank you to the 18 571 people who participated in our tele town hall tonight- it was a great discussion and i look…
some highlights from chairman  repkevinbrady s tax day op-ed   americans should all take comfort knowing that this…
thank you to  akbroadcasters for your advocacy and dedicated work  as a member of the public broadcasting caucus …
rt  secretaryzinke  proud to work w/ secretarysonny  usda to ensure firefighters have the right tools  resources & flexibility to do their…
rt  repcurbelo  this year is the last time americans will have to file their taxes under a broken  complicated tax code because  thanks to…
this is a huge victory for manufacturers  retailers  small businesses and hard-working families in mi01 
each year  60 000 americans are diagnosed with parkinson s  as brain awareness week winds down  let s redouble our…
a few weeks back i had the chance to visit the  walledlakelib in  mi11  to donate books on behalf of the library of…
our community can t afford to wait any longer  this week i questioned the army corps about how we can cut red tape…
marion county residents - please see below for an update from your marion county sheriff s office 
rt  housegop    potus  americans love their country  and they deserve a government that shows them the same love and loyalty in return  fo…
filing your taxes is anything but simple and straightforward  but help is on the way  starting in 2019  the vast ma…
rt  scottlincicome   tariffs and the unseen victims and costs of political privilege  by  christinemcdan &  veroderugy
tourism is a big driver for arizona s economy  last year  it brought approximately 43 million domestic and internat…
  judgetedpoe is a steadfast leader & protector of the constitution  he s a plain-speaking  proud texan that will b…
forever grateful for the sacrifices of our vietnam veterans and their families  today  and every day  we honor thei…
thank you to tiffany mathis  director of development and community relations for the  bgccil for sharing her career…
congratulations to huntsville s  randolphschool on advancing to the national science bowl finals which will be held…
agree mr  president  time to go nuclear schumershutdown
i agree with  realdonaldtrump – we need to end the senate filibuster rule on appropriations bills 
sub comm tech announces hearing next week to examine telecommunications supply chain  competition  and national secu…
🚨attn  pa15  high school students 🚨 join  sentoomey & me at our academy info day to learn more about the us service…
overall  house-passed ndaa is a good piece of legislation for the freedom of america 
currently 2/3 of work-capable adults on  snap  are not currently working  2018 farm bill offers an education and trai…
happy take your kidsto work day  while my kids aren t with me today  i love when jim  andrew  larra  ivy and lynette a…
what a pleasant surprise  ran into a group of students from  cityofcarmelin who stopped by my office today in dc  i…
rt  waysandmeansgop  taxpayers shouldn t have to be worried if they encounter an irs dispute  but the current process is costly and confusi…
rt  repmikerogersal  the 2018 farm bill makes investments in rural broadband and authorizes usda to help address the opioid crisis and estab…
military doing it s job  not getting paid    senate democrats not doing their job  are getting paid …
rt  cityofel  a few photos of the flooding on m s u s campus  📷 credit  tim lane - campus safety information  - lat…
this week  we recognize the important role that law enforcement officers play in our communities as we celebrate na…
 thecityofhbg has made the  usnews list of best places to live in the us  honored to represent our capitol city 
rt  repdebdingell  join  repwalberg and me on friday  may 4 for a veterans resource fair  nearly 20 veterans service organizations will be…
enjoyed my time last night at the 5th annual africa night for israel and was moved by the great display of interfai…
rt  houseappropsgop  chairman  congmikesimpson  this is a responsible bill  focusing increases to the most inherently federal responsibilit…
rt  cnbc  more  at&t is giving  1 000 bonuses to 200 000 u s  employees and will increase u s  capital spending by  1 billion because the t…
this week  four law enforcement officers from york county sheriff s office and  yorkscpd were shot and seriously wo…
rt  judgejeanine   you re seeing a president leading with purpose  you re seeing a president willing to make tough decisions -  repdesantis…
live at 10am  waste and inefficiency in the federal government  gao s 2018 duplication report watch here 📺…
looking forward to speaking with  marthamaccallum on  thestoryfnc  foxnews at 7 00pm  tune in 
great to kick my morning off with the good folks at  ghpartnership  local business leaders are sharing positive…
more good news as a result of tax reform   xcelenergy will be passing as much as  140 million in tax savings as a r…
for my analysis on two important provisions of the  ahca  &  hr2192   view my latest healthcare update 
rt  repspeier  me too congress bill proves that ds and rs in the house and senate can work together  watch live at h…
rt  imhofkurt  terrific meeting with  repsmucker on the life sciences ecosystem in the commonwealth  proud  lifesciencespa and  iambiotech…
rt  housegop  rt to agree → more money back in your pocket means more choices for how you and your family can spend it 
rebuilding the economy  one job at a time 
on holocaust remembrance day  we remember the millions of innocent lives lost during a horrific  dark period of huma…
as i said this morning  mike pompeo is a great choice for secretary of state  and i m glad the senate has confirmed…
rt  transport   icymi   this weekend   repbillshuster appeared on  foxnews to discuss the white house s infrastructureplan  here s the vide…
sheriff judd is a national treasure and all americans will benefit from his advocacy for safer communities   mcsa18… 
rt  repmarkwalker  as long as  nikkihaley is kicking tail at the un  that should give us all confidence in our leadership  glad to see a st…
chris kaiser of  taasa speaks to importance of proper communication between sexual assault victims and law enforcem…
hospital stays for children are a hard experience  but this investment by  waltdisneyco will help make their stay a…
these next 13 subs will strengthen the navy s attack submarine force and support our industrial base  on the way to…
great exchange with secretary of the va david shulkin during today s milcon/va subcommittee hearing regarding va fa…
3️⃣4️⃣0️⃣ to 7️⃣2️⃣  nwpaa 
rt  housegop  you should not ignore this fact → the 2018 farm bill guarantees a work-training spot for anybody who wants one 
this thursday - my staff and the irs will be on hand to help answer questions about your taxes  4035 broadway gro…
exactly  we don t need to have a shutdown 
all veteran s appreciate night - thank you to the if elks lodge and vietnam veterans of america for a wonderful nig…
thank you  keithrothfus for joining me in reading yesterday to celebrate the success of the city s effort to revita…
why have utility rates jumped over 200% higher in eastern kentucky  i asked one utility company for answers on beha…
memos paint the picture of an innocent man  trump was frustrated that comey kept telling him he wasn t under invest…
 we want every american to know the dignity of a hard day s work  we want every child to be safe in their home at n…
small businesses are seeing real results from tax reform  nearly 400 members of the franchise community have anno…
rt  houseappropsgop  the fy18 interior appropriations bill was just approved by the subcommittee on a voice vote 
in addition to increasing funding for programs like special education and the  nih  last week the house gave our tr…
 claydentalkaty  localnewsz thanks for sharing 
enjoyed hearing  scottsborocity mayor robin shelton deliver his annual state of the city address today & to reitera…
rt  speakerryan  in 8 years  president obama has never proposed a balanced budget—not once  obama legacy
great transportation  energy  and infrastructure discussions this afternoon  thanks for having us 
this is all about maine jobs  nothing is easy to get done in washington and i m thrilled that through hard work and…
celebrating music creators with g r a m m ys on the hill  the music modernization act is on its way to the house floor with…
had to be removed from mueller investigation due to improper bias — how much of his work in both cases reflected this clear bias 
rt  raylehmann  a big thank you to  speakerryan   repseanduffy   rephensarling   repdennisross and all the other leaders who helped bring c…
he was routinely undercut by potus & was unable to hire key personnel because so many of the republican foreign pol…
rt  jfklibrary  eugene allen  behind mrs  kennedy   worked under eight presidents over the course of 34 years  and was the subject of the m…
ask chairman brady about how taxreform benefits american families and smallbiz  i will answer questions ⬇️
rt  yhn  alabama  repbyrne urges alabamians to be prepared for hurricane season alpolitics
this morning i joined  johneklundoh   kennyyuko   rep_rogers60  ohio rep  ron young  lake county commissioner danie…
breaking   new jersey to receive another  13 million from  hhsgov to address the heroin & opioid crisis thanks to t…
it was an honor to attend the 90th birthday party of my friend  mr  don baird  don has been mayor of colmesneil  t…
today  we remember all of the victims & families affected on 9/11 & we honor the brave first responders who risked it all  never forget
my office is currently collecting our veterans  stories for the  librarycongress as part of the veterans history pr…
sad news out of al02 yesterday  the fire in brantley was a significant & scary event for the town  i can t say enou…
and a chance to meet a student with the  flexprogram from kazakhstan who is studying at westlake high school in sar…
confronting the islamic state syria
great news  seminole electric cooperative will construct a new gas-fired power plant in putnam co  putnam strong
making the bond with america s strongest ally in the middle east better  jerusalem israel keepingpromises…
very proud that my national security fellow  corporal  ret   matthew bradford   bionikmatt5  will attend the  sotu… 
happy farm bill friday and national ag week   il16   our next farm bill must provide our agriculture community certain…
we want people to be dreaming again  this small biz week  i m excited to hear that people are doing just that 
congrats  nasa_marshall on being named 5 best places to work  this exciting accomplishment is a testament to the h…
rt  houseagnews  claim   snap  will be cut by  20b  false  the nutrition title in the 2018 farm bill is budget-neutral 
the trump administration is making the right move imposing major sanctions on russian oligarchs that are close to v…
officer rob pitts was tragically shot and killed yesterday by a homicide suspect  my thoughts and prayers are with…
 a member of congress meeting face to face with constituents shouldn t be news  but in these partisan times  it can…
the new budget for 2018 is settled  it gives our troops a pay raise  rebuilds our military  and supports expanded m…
you can tune in for president macron s address to a joint meeting of congress here 
whether you re a family of four  a single parent  or a small business owner  filing taxes will be a whole lot easie…
rt  fairfaxcounty  ❗️❗️⚠️
i m saddened to hear of alex arshinkoff s passing  he was a great leader and a good friend  he will surely be missed in ohio  rest in peace 
why taxpayers are spending  2 million a day for… nothing 
billy graham s ministry and spiritual leadership brought the gospel and the love of jesus christ to millions around…
rt  nulpolicy  our small business track leaders met with key members of the  housesmallbiz committee including chairman  repstevechabot &  …
rt  speakerryan  good news → i just signed a bill to give our troops their largest pay raise in 8 years  next stop  the  whitehouse to beco…
but specifically  we re funding  ▪️military medical facilities & services ▪️domestic military construction project…
i ll be joining  npr s  morningedition just after 6 am tomorrow to talk about why tariffs and trade wars are bad fo…
coming up at 10 a m  →  secnielsen testifies before  househomeland to discuss  potus  fy2019 budget request for…
today  our national debt reached an astonishing  21 trillion  i have long said that the national debt is the bigges…
critical relief for louisiana disaster victims on the way 
it s time for a new strategy in afghanistan  i look forward to working with  potus to develop a clear and consisten…
rt  ceaorg   to get the energy conversation going  let s start telling the story  we need to control energy  - paul gosar  otc2018  o t c hous…
rt  housegop  this is about getting people off the sidelines and having government programs work to empower everyday americans  2018 farm bi…
today i spoke on the house floor to highlight my recent visits to fort rucker & maxwell-gunter air force base - the…
did you know  google processes over 3 5 billion searches every day  as national drug take back day approaches  i enc…
rt  fednewsradio   replynnjenkins spoke with  tteminwfed about a new bipartisan bill which proposes an independent  irsnews appeals office…
rt  nchousingbuilds   repmarkwalker hosted the veterans resource fair on saturday  april 28 in greensboro to connect veterans and their fa…
today  we honor not only our presidents  but also the idea of a government of the people  by the people  & for the…
 we need to authorize and reform existing programs that are on the books like perkins c t e and p r o s p e r act …
rt  nfib  reports of improved earnings reached highest levels in the 45-year history of  nfib s optimism index  read more here 
 icymi  a record-number of millennials are still living with mom & dad 
rt  uofigovrelation  on this snowy day in the nation s capital  students from  illinois_alma met with  rodneydavis to discuss the importanc…
thank you to ella rose for the invite to  co06  pennock elementary school as part of read across america and to mr  b…
french president is a socialist militarist globalist science-alarmist    the dark future of the american democratic party 
 k_rowlette czechs & slovaks couldn t get along so they split  the swiss established self governing cantons  macedonians do what u want
thanks to everyone who made read i n2018 children s day possible- especially these dedicated  juniorleague of indian…
need help with a federal agency  today  our  va05  team is holding mobile office hours in appomattox  bedford …
florida emergency information line -- 800-342-3557
met jim trimmer today at the chillicothe vamc as i was there passing out valentine s day cards…
thanks for stopping by the office 
on national peace officers memorial day  we remember sebastian county deputy bill cooper who was killed in the line of…
democrats have chosen illegal immigrants over hardworking u s  citizens  irresponsible 
proud to vote today for expanding access for veterans & their families to education & workforce training through the gi bill  forevergibill
rt  foxnews    repchrisstewart on comey memos   [comey is] trying to cast as deep a shadow as he possibly could over [ potus]    ingrahaman…
thank you to 10 000   ca04  constituents who joined tonight s teletownhall  sign up for the next one at
rt  uscapitol  u s  capitol police was founded  otd  1828  📷  c 1870  dyk  frederick douglas jr  was one of 1st african-americans to join  …
rt  replynnjenkins  today at 10am  waysandmeansgop is holding a major hearing on reforming our broken tax code  tune in here to watch 
broadcom is the latest company to join the list of companies relocating back to the u s  from overseas because of…
rt  chadlivengood  u s  house unanimously passes  congressmandan s  deptvetaffairs health care data bill via  nannbu…
i am hopeful that our senate colleagues will do what s right and vote to keep our government open today - the peopl…
watch live at the link below for the uas integration pilot programs announcement - us department of transportation…
tonight the house voted to pass hr 4744 and take a stand against iranian human rights abuses
i am wearing blue today to raise awareness for child abuse prevention month  no child should have to endure abuse o…
march is bleeding disorder awareness month in the state of alabama  i recorded a video today to…
rt  realtalk995  representatives gary palmer & john ratcliffe via  audioboom
iran deal   fix it or nix it    wrong to think it needs to be congress  call  our allies   or  potus   iran either…
 dgrizzzard i support  realdonaldtrump  which is why i m trying to show him how they re boxing him in again  accept…
i m disappointed that my democrat colleagues rejected fiscal discipline by voting against a balanced budget amendme…
had fun today with all of my colleagues at the 8th minnesota hotdish competition  my winning  hotdish of champions …
rt  freedomcaucus  the majority of the  freedomcaucus has taken a vote to support the cr effort this evening
 to american citizens  trump is fulfilling an important promise that he is serious about taking on this issue and s…
mrs  bush s contributions to this country will continue to be felt for generations to come  sonia and i send our he…
i ll be on carolina this week with  treypaultv today at 11 am  tune in 
rt  tccva  with support from its congressional delegation  tcc will pursue designation as a domestic maritime center of excellence
rt  speakerryan  this is great news  even before  fosta  is signed into law  authorities are taking action to crack down on the bad actor we…
look who tommy bumped into after the  sotu    potus talked him into shaving a year off the construction schedule of…
rt  vp  briefed on the hateful & senseless violence in london and paris  our thoughts and prayers are with those impacted & their loved one…
rt  leoshane    mactxpress opens hasc hearing on mattis nomination by saying he doesn t like waivers but  this is an extraordinary situatio…
great game  erik 
mitch – thanks for sharing your story with me  the work you re doing to represent special olympic athletes everywhe…
oklahoma is proud to have vets like maj gen tinker as part of our state history  thank you to those who have served…
i join all americans in mourning this great loss  and will always cherish her legacy and example  god bless the bush family
happy birthday   airforcereserve  fly fight win
watch  my full opening remarks on defense innovation  artificial intelligence  ai   and cyber warfare at yesterday …
graves  cassidy applaud president trump s recognition of cajun navy during state of the union
rt  ecuconn  news —&gt  house delivers huge bipartisan victory in the fight against human trafficking  thank you  repannwagner and  repmimiwal…
roskam cites obamacare costs  limits in voting for change
major policy differences aside   epascottpruitt s corruption scandals are an embarrassment to the administration  a…
the tax cuts and jobs act is a good deal for north carolina  ✅ 29 264 new jobs  ✅  2 366 boost in after-tax income for middle class families
thank you   repcheri for joining us on the floor as we discuss the problem of veteran suicide 
some improvements on tax bill with reinstatement of deductions for medical expenses and student loan interest  but…
i appreciated the opportunity to address the more than 150 in attendance at the  zerocancer summit yesterday about…
rt  waysandmeansgop  tax cuts are helping american families in all 50 states from sea 🌊 to shining sea🌊  how  ⬇️
 tn03  – severe storms are expected tonight  please stay safe 
this award honors those who have made extraordinary contributions on behalf of children in need of families  richa…
local officials  first responders  and volunteers have done an incredible job helping dearborn county recover after…
  indians great larry doby played an important role in the civil rights movement as the first african american to p…
rt  natresources  commemorate the life & legacy of dr  martin luther king jr  with free admission at national parks find your park m l k day h…
on house floor now hr4511 to amend  loc  veterans history project & include submissions from immediate family members
duke survey  optimistic biz execs to boost hiring  wages in wake of tax reform
iran s rogue regime has failed to curb its nuclear ambitions  and i remain committed to working with the administra…
rt  secretaryperry  had the opportunity to tour alaska s oil and gas infrastructure with  repdonyoung today  the  alyeskapipeline and energ…
for folks near fort davis  tx23   the jeff davis county judge and county fire marshall are asking people in the  dmr… 
streaming live now  subcommittee on aviation hearing on aviation safety
with president trump s leadership  2 4 million jobs have been added in the u s  & we enacted historic tax reform  n…
no child should ever fear for his or her safety at school  the stop school violence act will help school districts ac…
rt  repgoodlatte  this time next year  americans will file their taxes under a fairer  simpler tax system that promotes job creation and co…
please keep the family and friends of rep   louiseslaughter in your continued prayers 
today  hascrepublicans &  hascdemocrats will mark up  fy19ndaa  to fund our military  you can watch live starting at…
congrats  we owe a huge debt of gratitude to these finalists and to all teachers  most teachers i ve ever known are…
today is vietnam war veterans day  recognizing the more than 8 million americans that answered the call of duty  than…
rt  donaldjtrumpjr  thankful that vanessa & my children are safe and unharmed after the incredibly scary situation that occurred this morni…
the government shouldn t force people to promote messages that conflicts with their beliefs  that s why i m standin…
i fully support  realdonaldtrump s use of our military to secure the border against invasion by foreign nationals …
rt  glenbeebynews  we have latest on the u s  strike in syria and reaction from local delegation including my interview with  repchrisstewa…
great news   kroger is the most recent in a long line of companies making new investments due to tax reform
 of course  as nice as it is that the rail authority will try to better manage the disaster that is the bullet trai…
read my latest on taxreform and visit for more →
1 in ca and 5 nationwide   congratulations to  modestopolice on another successful nationalnightout 
san joaquin and stanislaus counties produce over  1 6b almonds and  1 7b walnuts annually  thank you to our  ca10  f…
rt  meganwbal   breaking   following schools in harford co  on modified lockdown after reports of shooting in the area  we re live now  foll…
good luck to team usa  we re rooting for you 
alright   repbyrne  we accepted your lemonfacechallenge to help show support for aubreigh in mobile  who is battli…
pleasure meeting with professors from  centralwashu to discuss the melting of glaciers and how this impacts us  it…
this multi-layered approach also works to improve school security  and creates school threat assessment and crisis…
unemployment rates have hit a four decade low in texas at 3 9% 
rt  abigailcbn  republicans celebrate tax reform passage as focus turns to must-pass spending bill  reppittenger
rt  amazlngnature   are you my mother  
in 2010 gao found social security & irs have trouble identifying problems w/ social security coverage for state & local gov employees
i visited cherry hill orchards in lancaster this afternoon to talk about agriculture workforce concerns and the h2a…
rt  repdonbacon  there are more than 29 600 000 small businesses in the united states that employ nearly 48% of employees in the private se…
the tax cuts and jobs act is positively impacting individual families in  ga03  every day  people are keeping more o…
mn banks and cus are spending more and more time & resources on compliance with outdated  duplicative  or onerous r…
ready to join  foxbusiness to discuss mark zuckerberg s upcoming testimony  make sure to tune in 
rt  jandersonjen  members of the  aiu8  executive leadership team share with elected officials and area business leaders how it is moving ed…
our hearts are with the family of the fallen  richardsontx_pd officer killed in the line of duty  thank you to the…
rising economic optimism in this report about u s  consumer confidence  17yearhigh tax cuts utpol employment
praying for victims & their families as well as the first responders & medical teams who bravely put their lives in danger to save others 
from aviation maintenance to welding and nursing  they are teaching students the skills to better themselves in the…
rt  housevetaffairs  this morning s hearing to review the fy19 budget request for the veterans health administration will begin at 10  stre…
speaking on the house floor at 6 30pm to honor law enforcement officers for national police week  watch here →
rt  tamu  20 000  aggies ready to give back to the local community today for  thebigeventtamu  whoop  📸 by pres young
one of the first eastern kentucky aml pilot projects is already paying off in the form of jobs …
local channel 4 did a story on family leave policies in congressional offices and erin rayner  our outreach coordin…
unfortunately  fdr s thoughts on cont d dependence on gov t relief has come true – generational dependence on welfa…
had a nice visit with the alabama beverage association this week to discuss the farm bill and…
i will not sit idly by as our timber jobs are killed 
 icymi  on april 20th  lakeland community college hosted a small business expo  it was a wonderful opportunity for e…
icymi- i recently joined a bi-partisan group of lawmakers to introduce legislation that expands veterans  access to…
every year i host a lunch for state legislators from the third district to speak with them about what they are work…
this week i attended the unveiling of plans by  jswsteel to expand their factory in baytown by investing  500 milli…
it was great having  aipac in the office today to discuss the need to support our ally israel and the importance of…
i want to make it easier for veterans to have their voices heard & get the help they need  my new bill will make it…
two very important days to remember  1  february 2018 - look at your paychecks to see the tax relief that we promi…
we accomplished a lot in washington for ca10 over the last year  click here to learn more 
great news &gt &gt  the unemployment rate fell to 3 9 percent – an 18-year low  this is tax reform at work  thank you…
the family facing higher prices at the store  the aerospace employee putting the finishing touches on an airplane …
great to meet with  osba in dc today 
i am so proud that we have a president who supports the warriors who have given up so much to keep our nation sover…
rt  ncleafchief  saw  repmarkmeadows  danielforsenate & rep blackwell  wpcc_morganton celebrating jobs and education  know they prefer a…
rep  sensenbrenner statement on the passage of the tax cuts and jobs act 
i encourage all people of faith to join me today in prayer for our nation  our leaders & our troops at home and abroad  national dayof prayer
continuing to pray for a speedy recovery for president  georgehwbush
with passage of tax reform in congress  american companies are already stepping up to invest pro-growth benefits in…
we thank our troops and our allies who joined in the attacks against the barbaric assad regime  president…
will vote for omnibus bill for two main reasons  provides the funding to proceed with gateway project and allocates…
rt  hascrepublicans  tune in at 10 am - live here   fy19ndaa   ndaa  markup is here
about time  pleased that these long overdue payments to individuals  charities  pension and retirement plans  and…
spoke w/  legbranch about the congressof tomorrow project and why congress is in desperate need of reform 
last night  i voted to keep the government open & extend child health insurance for 6 years for 20 kids in wheeler…
because of the tax cutsand jobs act  western pennsylvanians are keeping more of what they earn to spend on their fami…
tomorrow morning i ll be in north platte to meet with nebraskans about federal issues  please stop by and join the…
great developments that kim jong un has agreed to denuclearization & end of korean war  but the devil s in the deta…
rt  stevedaines    repryanzinke moves bill to give states and tribes a say in energy development through key house committee
this afternoon i will join our community in honoring the two fallen york firefighters at the york expo center  the…
 otd  jeannette rankin sworn-in to the us house   i may be the first woman member of congress  but i won t be the la…
waiting to question facebook ceo mark zuckerberg at today s  housecommerce hearing  happening now 
illegal online pharmacies are using facebook to circumvent the law  and allow people to buy highly addictive drugs…
do you want to learn more about how the tax cutsand jobs act will impact your family  check out
rt  nfp_nursefamily  thanks   repryancostello for visiting our chester site to learn about our work strengthening pa communities  home visi…
glad to see that we are finally returning power to the state and local governments that are better suited to make d…
the hearing on h r  36 - pain-capable unborn child protection act is about to start  watch live here 
make sure to sign up for our newsletter on here is our latest one 
rt  connorobriennh  hasc is set to break momentarily for another set of floor votes  thornberry urges members to hurry back because  we ve…
  hurdonthehill  our existence as a democracy depends on free  fair  and accurate elections 
joined my friend  reprobwoodall today to talk about the fair tax—a real solution to fix our nation s tax system 
the safety of our students in schools is essential and this will help us get there  omnibus
rt  houseagnews  farmers across the nation agree – cropinsurance is essential  the 2018 farm bill maintains & strengthens the farm safety n…
house admin eliminates subcommittees to streamline operations and improve efficiency
we must continue to help our foster care system thrive  shadow day
i support our president in these efforts and have always believed that border security is national security 
rt  marshablackburn  on the way to the republican study committee  where conservatives get together to discuss how to further your agenda i…
on holocaust remembrance day  we honor the memory of the millions of innocent victims and survivors of the holocaust…
erdogan s renewed inflammatory rhetoric and lack of respect for long-standing international agreements causes serio…
please join me in thanking the brave men and women in blue who keep  ga12  safe each and everyday  back the blue…
thank you  robertlovingood for appearing before the federal lands subcommittee today on behalf of my bill   hr3668  
rt  amvetshq  thank you  reprodblum for taking time to meet with your iowa amvet residents this morning  please continue your great work fo…
small business owners are continuing to see direct benefits of tax reform 
2 million full-time equivalent workers that will be out of the workforce as a result of aca by 2025  source  cbo  a c abythenumbers
u s  foreign aid to the u n  member states that censured israel should be cut and re-appropriated for israeli missile defense 
thanks for having me   concernedvets 
this week we acted in the house to stop the president s capitulation to iran 
saddened to hear about the passing of my friend bryce neidig  he was a great leader for nebraska agriculture  but m…
last year  more than 5 600 people in  il16  were affected by poisoning cases  learn how to make your home safer with…
this weekend  devinnunes   repgoodlatte and i met to discuss the new fbi text messages and possible next steps in o…
congratulations  monstermike5 - you make minnesotans in the sixth district and across the state so proud   gold 
met with so fla students living with crohns and colitis who are advocating for the  crohnscolitisfn and managed c…
we had a great time in halifax county with the virginia tobacco growers association  learn more about how the…
in spain  we met with key spanish officials  including his majesty king felipe vi  we discussed how to improve and…
proof that tax reform will put confidence back into the nation s economy ---&gt 
in mercer county today - toured celina s water treatment plant with mayor hazel 
it was great to catch up with my old friend attorney general jeff sessions at breakfast today  as always  i am incr…
rt  juliabrownley26  i am honored to join  repbradwenstrup to introduce bipartisan legislation to strengthen job training programs for home…
spent my morning talking tax reform benefits for texans at the  eoc2018   mhwoodlands  and what an honor to be in a…
who else learned how to two-step at  garnerstatepark  interesting fact  ettie r  garner  wife of  cactus jack  gar…
this shutdown should never have happened
otd 2 years ago  we lost huma hanif in a tragic car wreck  17 years young  we will never forget her   grhsnews
at 3 00 pm the committee will continue consideration of amendments to the national defense authorization act of 2017 
 fosta  is the most significant anti-sex trafficking law congress has passed in nearly 20 years  read more in my op-…
we also funded programs to protect and defend israel including  ✔️anti-tunneling initiatives  and ✔️the israeli c…
encouraging  al05  to be weather aware today & have a plan to stay safe if severe weather strikes your area 
rt  guardmagazine    repjbridenstine knows what the  nationalguard has to offer  more from  ngaus2015  here 
the non-partisan  taxfoundation analyzed the tax cuts & jobs act and it s good news for folks in south carolina …
rt  natresources  utility bills across the country are dropping  why  tax reform 💡 
today on national day of prayer we to turn to our faith and pray for the brave men and women who defend our freedom …
today  a bipartisan group of members introduced the caa reform act  our bill helps ensure a better congressional wo…
 state unemployment benefits dropped 24 000 to a seasonally adjusted 209 000 for the week ended april 21  the lowes…
marine corps vet fredric garber drove over 40 000 miles in support of combat operations during his deployment to vi…
as chairman  repkevinbrady said the irs s technical difficulties yesterday were  another reminder of the critical n…
rt  thehill  just in  ryan  congress will stop using taxpayer money to settle sexual harassment claims
rt  stevescalise    repryanzinke is a retired navy seal & montana s only congressman – here s his story 
icymi  during our weekly address  i emphasized the need for fair trade policies  listen here 
our founders never intended congress to be a career--part of why washington has become so dysfunctional is the shif…
this statute served as the inspiration for the constitution s first amendment  guaranteeing the freedom of religion…
before heading back to dc this week  i had a round-table discussion with louisiana sugarcane farmers to discuss the…
congratulations to our 2018 patriot award winner  ashley gipson of southside high school  for her piece  taking fli…
the time for immigration reform is now  queenofthe hill  daca   texas ag ken paxton sues trump administration for c…
rt  realdonaldtrump  we are with you florida  emergency information 1-800-342-3557 volunteer 1-800-fl-help-1 ht…
 randy_0302 not now  he signed it  it s binding until it expires at the end of the fiscal year  except the gun co…
great meeting with  pafarmbureau  agriculture is pa s 1 industry and i m proud to support those who contribute to…
 all who value the rule of law  transparency and our constitution should oppose this upcoming dangerous lame duck  
 our most valuable asset are our people  in certain areas we re having a real shortage  i e  for pilots or aircraf…
 m_at_councils  flexprogram  senjohnthune  senatorrounds it was great to see you  have a great time in d c 
celebrating all hoosier moms today  i hope you had a wonderful day filled with family and loved ones …
congrats on your new appointment as nato ambassador   kaybaileyhutch  potus
children born alive during an abortion attempt are particularly vulnerable  and they should be guaranteed the medic…
watch live   waysandmeansgop hearing on the president s fy2019 budget proposals
great comeback for the cats  go big blue 
rt  hascrepublicans  live 9 15 w/  foxnews chairman  mactxpress talks defense budget & what needs to happen immediately to support our tro…
this week we passed several bills to continue empowering small business owners and aspiring entrepreneurs looking t…
like much of the propaganda out there  this is not the coastal plain  1002 area  of anwr 
rt  rep_stevewomack  catch me on  foxbusiness with  cvpayne tonight at 5 45pm ct  we will be discussing the  sotu  and upcoming items on the…
about to call into  tomroten show on  800_wvhu  iheartradio
today  our city mourns the passing of our mayor and my friend  steve hogan  having known him for over 30 years  his…
you can watch the hearing live at the link below 
earlier today  i took to the house floor in support of h r  38  the concealed carry reciprocity act  which passed b…
appreciate continued partnership on critical non-partisan issue  deeply personal to me as my wife lost both her par…
rt  aanawebupdates  congratulations to  repadriansmith  one of this year s recipients of the aana national health leadership award  thank y…
a main priority of mine is making sure that we raise the salary of our servicemembers so they can stay focused on t…
rich thau   republicans agree  we need to do more to advance clean energy  g o p energy solutions
congressman griffith s weekly e-newsletter 2 26 18 topics  traveling across the ninth  paris agreement revisited
is there an issue you are passionate about  call my office at  202  225-3772 to arrange a meeting and advocate on b…
rt  comtrea73  congresswoman ann wagner met with comtrea leadership to discuss the opioid crisis  wagner said comtrea s services are  the w…
with  realdonaldtrump in the oval office  we have an opportunity to fix our broken immigration system  the house is…
erika and i praying for the bush family this evening  former first lady barbara bush was the epitome of class and d…
my statement on  thejusticedept attorney general jeff sessions  action at the southwest border …
🚨breaking  committee opens investigation into sexual abuse within usa gymnastics 
i m grateful to earn  60plusassoc s highest award for my work on behalf of our nation s seniors  many of whom simpl…
 hostess_snacks has definitely sweetened the deal  the company announced because of the tax cuts and jobs act employee…
reminder → the  ne03  deadline for congressional art competition submissions is tomorrow  march 9  all information ab…
chairman  repmccaul joins  whitehouse roundtable with  potus on efforts against ms-13  watch here ↓
visited the  childsci earlier today where their mission is to  build stem literacy  for today s youth  the science…
jose zarate would not have been able to kill kate steinle if not for san francisco s dangerous  sanctuary city  pol…
just in  my bill to name downtown columbia post office in memory of spc  sterling wyatt was passed by  gopoversight…
the incredibly curious and talented students at  ses_rbbcsc built and programmed these robots and have made it all…
mark your calendars  all  natlparkservice sites will waive entrance fees tomorrow april 21st in honor of national p…
proud to sponsor the digital coast act  a step to help local and state governments build coastal resiliency…
yes epa administrator scott pruitt should resign  wrong fit from start for agency dedicated to protecting our envir…
stepped out the  housecommerce sub health mark up on opioidcrisis to talk w/ staff from  jordanvalleychc in…
rt  joaquincastrotx  yesterday  i introduced the bipartisan stand with uk against russia violations act with  repmiketurner 
thanks to regions bank for hosting this morning s business roundtable  enjoyed it 
it was an honor to have kellyanne conway join us at the  rxsummit this morning  she shared details about president…
the ceremony included a visit by u s  rep  leonard lance  lance is a friend to scouting and has attended ceremonie…
icymi  goodlatte statement on the confirmation of  uspto director  iancu andrei   mr  iancu is incredibly accompli…
tomorrow at 10 am  the committee will mark up the fy19 military construction and veterans affairs  and legislative…
rt  foxnews  ag sessions says all illegal border crossers will be prosecuted  children may be separated from parents
rt  reploudermilk  tax cuts are helping people better their lives  these are personal stories from folks across our nation supporting their…
i also inquired about how the armed services are allocating their resources to budget for technological war-fighter…
the broward co  sheriff  in front of a nationwide audience on cnn  lectured the nra and millions of law abiding gun…
thankful that congressman  stevescalise continues to improve  from  serious  to  fair  condition today 
rt  amconmag  meet the eight premier foreign policy realists of congress 
rt  housecommerce    reprichhudson s bill to streamline federal regulations and keep compliance costs down for ceiling fan manufacturers an…
rt  rsi  thank you so much for all your great work on this   repkevinyoder  bae 💕🇺🇸
rt  americanewsroom  listen   darrellissa told  sandrasmithfox   the idea that there s no revolt in san francisco doesn t mean that there i…
rt  housegop  everyday americans across the country will save big because of the tax cutsand jobs act 
what a testament to the unparalleled work product of the hardworking men and women  right here  in  mi11  
tune in  i m talking about the zuckerberg hearing with  alivelshi on  msnbc shortly 
valuing taxpayer dollars means operating under a responsible budget  i am proud to return  155 916 of my operating…
rt  indians  for the first time in 2018        it s kluber day tribe spring
congrats to  nicoletplastics on winning the wisconsin manufacturer of the year award  well deserved recognition for…
thanks to the local businesses community   loudounhunger has renovated their pantry and is also part of a partners…
rt  mobankers  thank you  repblainepress for your leadership to help us better serve our customers  regreform communitybanks
house passes legislation to improve veterans  burial benefits 
a few weeks ago  i had the opportunity to hear frank stephens  testimony during the lhhs appropriations subcommitte…
  hurdonthehill  today s hearing is an opportunity to increase congress  understanding of artificial intelligence  …
have you heard about the 41 states  including  co   where utility bills are dropping due to tax reform  the…
  reptipton    we are saying goodbye to an outdated and burdensome tax code and welcoming one that finally works fo…
so great to speak at the national religious broadcaster s international christian media convention  it s always suc…
great to hear about the work the university of georgia cooperative extension service is doing to help agricultural…
members of congress need time to review legislation before we take vote  our r e a dit resolution gives members of co…
congress is working to put more money in your pocket  click here to learn more 
despite these efforts  communities in michigan & across the country still lag behind in business & job growth  it s…
it was an honor to be in attendance as america says thank you and farewell to billy graham  his guidance and unwav…
take a look at my e-newsletter to see what i did this week in washington →
rt  heritage  federal spending is on an unsustainable upward trajectory  driving national debt to economically harmful levels  this comes…
in the third district  i have offices located in rogers  fort smith  and harrison but i understand that many consti…
starting off the day at  cpac 2018 on radio row with  jim_jordan  a time for action
the ball is in the senate democrats  court  including senator donnelly s   will they shut down the government and r…
it was great to visit with cub scout pack 1 at the presbyterian church of toms river  these young student leaders d…
 flamediaqueen  flgovscott  repgusbilirakis is working closely with pinellas co to get this fixed
 as congress debates a permanent solution for  daca   it s critical to do so with the most up-to-date information  i…
rt  crtv  china s socialist god li schoolland  a survivor of communist china  tells  mkibbe her harrowing story of how chairman mao s gove…
 ldtc17  is currently on a break and will resume at 11 00 a m  thanks for watching 
rt  speakerryan  another good week for america s workers  ✅ 400 franchise brands announced reinvestment in employees & economy ✅  shopflo…
passed  my bill  hr146   the eastern band of cherokee historic lands reacquisition act  i am proud the house voted t…
joined  indians_ihs this morning for the  sifmafoundation capitol hill challenge  hearing their strategies and discu…
rt  wisalumni  a bunch of  dcbadgers are meeting with elected officials today  u w madison day wis alumni
today the house will consider the v a m i s s i o n act to improve health care for our nation s veterans  the bill provides…
 ca08 
joining  1400wond don williams now to discuss my strong opposition to trump administration s proposed budget cuts t…
lenoir and greene counties  we are live  to join the telephone town hall  i encourage you to call directly to  888 …
icymi  yesterday chairman  petesessions proudly supported  repbyrne s bill to save local biz  read more here 
the central texas i-10 community alliance held a discussion on the unique economic opportunities and challenges fac…
ready to join  foxnews to discuss mark zuckerberg s testimony  and why i hope he will work with congress to make so…
rt  stephaniecnews  where does disability inclusion fit in with political landscape  gearing up to moderate panel w/ jimlangevin &  greggha…
the number of americans who died from an overdose of a synthetic opioid more than doubled from 2015 to 2016 
rt  foxnews  secretary of state mike pompeo   every task  every endeavor that each of you undertakes is a critical part to achieving that u…
i m touring an offshore oil rig today  oil exploration   production in the gulf is key to energy dominance  follow…
thanks  northslopeborough for showing me firsthand your newest aviation asset for search and rescue  medevac and em…
to be clear shutting down the federal government is never a good option & i support including 6 year reauthorizatio…
provisions of my kevin and avonte s law helping children w/ autism & seniors w/ alzheimer s were signed into law as…
democrats are holding military funding and children s health funding hostage over illegal immigrants  unacceptable 
pleased to introduce the simple act with  repbonamici
glad to have stewart and quinn join me today at the morningswith mike event  thank y all for…
what a historic day for the united states and our great ally israel - i am proud that the u s  embassy has official…
i appreciate members of the alabama primary health care association stopping by my office in washington this mornin…
rt  eximbankus  tysm  repchriscollins for your efforts and leadership on moving  exim  board nominees towards confirmation  heartening to se…
rep  posey s statement on the terrorist attacks in paris
i was glad to join my colleagues on this important letter urging un ambassador  nikki haley to ensure pro-life valu…
rt  iaff345  ky firefighters meeting with  repguthrie on the hill today   kpff_iaff  iaff526_lexfire
putin doesn t care whether we re democrats or republicans  his goal is to undermine america s values and our public…
i look forward to working with my colleagues on the house armed services committee to ensure our nation s military…
the nyt actually has it right - senate democrats blocked passage of this bill to fund the govt and fund  chip   mn02… 
rt  housegop  we did our job  we voted to support our men and women in uniform who answered the call to serve and protect this country  we…
i d like to thank  acuconservative for presenting me with the award for conservative excellence last week and an…
in the midst of the senseless act of malice in las vegas  hoosiers across  in09  are praying that those affected fin…
rt  frcdc  join congressman mike kelly as he explains why the child welfare provider inclusion act is a necessary solution to the targeting…
in fiscal year 2016  the 1st time since 2009  the federal budget deficit increased in relation to the nation s econ…
  comey you will want to correct your tweet below  you used the word  memo   when surely you meant to type  dossier…
how do you restore people s trust and confidence in the department of justice when it seems like different rules ap…
tune in  i m joining  potus as he signs eo to expand affordable health care options for small businesses 
honored to have received the lajos kossuth award with  repmarcykaptur last night  thank you to  amerikaimagyar for…
rt  winniewrighttv  today   visithotsprings unveiled the 100th business to open downtown since the majestic fire  what this new development…
why are american citizens and legal immigrants always put at the back of the line by the nancy pelosi democrats …
from our family to yours  martha  liza  payne  and i wish you a very merry christmas 
potus has consistently & correctly recognized obama-khamenei nuclear agreement as a disaster  hope he allows domest…
according to a recent poll reported by the  newyorktimes  51% of americans now view the tax cutsand jobs act favorabl…
rt  hudsongovrel  join  hudsonevents this afternoon to see director of the center for american seapower  sethcropsey & rep   robwittman of…
rt  housecommerce  tune in  chairman  repgregwalden will be live at  aei soon discussing efforts to combat the opioid crisis - watch on fac…
great time yesterday speaking on 2 panels at  aipac2018   a bipartisan panel w/  repjoshg re  combatting bds & anoth…
  rephensarling is a great texan  leader  and friend  it has been an honor to serve with him in congress  and i wish him a happy retirement 
1  rodney frelinghuysen has served with honor and distinction  he will be missed for his level-headed thinking and…
had a great visit with members of the  nevadawingcap s cadet youth program thanks for stopping by 
popeindc popefrancis
pennsylvania s nellie bly was a pioneer of investigative journalism  starting her career at the pittsburgh dispatch…
the use of chemical weapons cannot be tolerated by the civilized world  the united states and our allies must conti…
rt  johnkartch  there are now 500 companies on the tax reform good news list
rt  housegop  remember that time  senatedems thought a government shutdown was irresponsible  we do  but alas  they are willing to do that…
april 12 marks holocaust remembrance day  a time to reflect on these tragic events  today we remember those lost  an…
 with advances in smart manufacturing  code development  and education  composites usage will expand into more infr…
rt  gopleader  congress will continue to build on this reform until all veterans have the va they deserve  v aaccountability
seventy-six years ago today  the united states was attacked at pearl harbor  we must never forget the thousands of…
rt  hascrepublicans  live   10 -  uspacificfleet commander testifies before the  hasc  watch live  w/ chrm  mactxpre…
more good news is coming in since the tax cutsand jobs act was signed into law -  starbucks has announced they will i…
so encouraging meeting young conservatives committed to standing for limited government values  great to meet these…
icymi  chairman  repmccaul discussed the latest developments on the suspect in the austin bombings on…
proud to introduce the foreign service officer civil relief act with  joaquincastrotx to provide our foreign servic…
i am safe and had taken alternate transportation to today s gop retreat  praying my colleagues and those who were i…
op-ed  after april 17  goodbye to the old  broken tax code  hello  economic revival 
had a busy day trekking across three counties for maine maple sunday  it was great joining hall farms maple products…
rt  westerncaucus   western caucus members spearhead commonsense western water reforms  pass grow act    repdavidvaladao read more here→htt…
  usreprodney  we must ensure that the united states continues to be the standard-bearer for nuclear capabilities -…
it is my sincere hope & belief that the lord will lift sutherland springs victims up during this tragic time 
rt  mrsganjeahs  exciting day   ahs   clutchmuffin21 receiving a call from congressman sean duffy  wi-7  offering him a spot in the west po…
i thank sec  tillerson for his service & wish him well  there remain serious challenges ahead that require strong d…
the appointment of a special counsel to oversee the inquiry into russian meddling in the us presidential election is a welcome development 
it is national police week  take a moment to remember our officers  past and present  who give us their all everyday 
rt  jaybilas  dr  rice says athletes should benefit from name  image  likeness rights  but  we need to know legal parameters  here is all w…
today  we honor the life and legacy of dr  martin luther king  jr  m l k day
great to be in allegan county today talking about improving our broadband infrastructure  mi06 
rt  housegop  ✓ bonuses ✓ pay increases ✓ new and expanded benefits these are just some of the many results of the tax cutsand jobs act that…
have unneeded or expired prescription drugs   home  it s take back day so drop them off 10am-2pm   location near you 
bipartisan budget deal has been reached to keep government open and funded through march 23  now both the house and…
tim nuvangyaoma  hopi chairman   shutting down ngs requires direct federal action that conflicts with the trust res…
proud to have a souvenir from my last visit at reno s mckinley arts center present to greet washington visitors 
 msjenneale_pd  bruce_arthur i meet constituents all the time but not with groups aimed at disruption & intimidation  who send vulgar tweets
today marks the last time that hardworking americans will file their taxes under our old  broken and outdated tax c…
rt  repjimbanks  yesterday i introduced a bill analyzing the help provided by the veterans crisis line to prevent suicide 
granger statement on president trump s rescissions package
it s a shame it s so difficult to get even that concession in this discussion 
9  revamp the national flood insurance program  for an effective and sustainable future 
the cost of the high speed rail boondoggle is soaring past the previous  64 billion estimate  instead of hitting ca…
today the house passed the va accountability act  our vets deserve a va that can hold its employees accountable …
enjoyed meeting with the  kystatepolice today 
i ve been working w/ colleagues on funding to combat the spotted lanternfly  today  usda announced  17 5 million fo…
thanks for another productive farm bill listening session  minnesota  see you soon  california  the next farm bill house ag listens
a lot of farmers have benefited greatly from nafta  but i ve seen firsthand in south dade the story is different fo…
rt  sbagov  happy national small business week  we re celebrating america s 30 million small businesses  learn how you can participate → htt…
 defendourfuture ignoring or denying this issue will only cause more problems in the future  the longer we wait to…
rt  keithrothfus  i m proud to cosponsor the house-passed t a i l o r act  this bill will help small banks & credit unions serve their communiti…
thank you  vp pence  we are working hard to get this important bill across the finish line 
thank you to the brave men and women of the  capitolpolice who protect and serve the members  staff  & visitors of…
congratulations to mark westlake  a stem teacher at saint thomas academy  on winning a national space educator of t…
the bellevue city hall building has officially relocated  good progress 
my next town hall meeting will be in ardmore on april 18th  more information can be found here 
enjoyed it  thanks to  theacecsc for taking the time to visit 
william jennings bryan  whose  cross of gold  speech is considered one of the greatest in us history  represented t…
  walmart employs over 41 000 associates in  tn   the best news  this month the starting hourly wage was raised to  …
it was a privilege to be there with you to hear other veterans  stories  thank you for having me  cathymcmorris 
watch  proud to be recognized alongside a bipartisan group of colleagues on the house floor by  speakerryan for…
congratulations to the american  fedcup team on their victory over the netherlands this weekend in downtown ashevil…
pray for all those people standing between schumer and the cameras  there s no more dangerous place on earth 
thanks to the tax cutsand jobs act  families in 48 states including washington state  will see their utility bills lo…
as a member of congress  i do my best to work for our veterans who give up so much in service  in part because of t…
check your paycheck in february  the tax cuts and jobs act starts putting more of your money back in your pocket next month  💵
it was a very productive discussion on school safety and what we are doing in dc  thanks for covering this importan…
i ve been calling for u s  action against russian covert operations since long before the 2016 election  it s abou…
today we honor the millions of americans who served in wwii—especially those who exhibited enormous bravery and sel…
it was a pleasure talking with herb kuhn of  mohospitals today about health care 
these snack packs are going to the service members currently engaged in disaster relief for hurricane harvey & irma…
rt  ichooselifefw  podcast   markcrutcher3 of  prolifeamerica and  repjimbanks
 housecommerce subhealth passed my bill to provide clarity for sports med profs who cross state lines w their teams
rt  housegop  a vote for the tax cuts & jobs act is a vote to give everyday americans  ✔ bigger paychecks ✔ fairer taxes ✔ more jobs retw…
rt  mj_lee  flashback to late night staking out speaker s office & schweikert came by to tell bored reporters about risk-sharing pools   no…
our nation mourns the passing of former first lady barbara bush  mrs  bush leaves behind a legacy of public service…
just called to congratulate gunnar carlson on his appointment to west point military academy  back to the ride2015 
 clearpathfound  we re for less regulation and more innovation  g o p energy solutions
rt  tomcoleok04  it was an honor to have my friend & colleague  repdianeblack join me on the latest episode of cole on congress  she has se…
 defendourfuture younger generations have the most to lose if we don t act on climate change  the only way we ll ac…
house just passed 256-167 bipartisan omnibus appropriations bill funding entire federal gov & provides 2 4% pay rai…
rt  housegop    reppaulmitchell  i believe americans can  and should  make independent decisions about the use of their own money    the go…
hey  fl26   make sure you head out to  biscaynenps   evergladesnps or  drytortugasnps this saturday for free entranc…
today  on holocaust remembrance day  we remember the survivors and honor the six million jewish men  women  and chi…
i had a great morning flying high with captain shawn gray on the airbus 350 simulator at the  americanair traning c…
i was glad to stop by  koconews last week to discuss north korea and other topics 
last week  i met with students and faculty at dunnellon middle school in marion county  we discussed issues ranging…
this morning i visited girard middle school in dothan to participate in google s online safety roadshow event  as a…
thank you mark - excited to continue working with you and all of  scactionnetwork to expand access to earlyed
thank you to the mexican ambassador for sitting down w/ myself and reps  nolan  emmer  & walz to discuss trade poli…
 with 1 5 trillion being spent to cut taxes  why did they have to increase taxes on anyone and why did it have to b…
thank you for your brave service to our nation  vietnam war veterans day
rt  sbalinda  this national small business week  it is important to recognize that your small businesses  truly are the glue in your communi…
accelerating american energy innovation requires a strong and sustained commitment to new and transformative resear…
please continue to reach out to my offices throughout  ia01  and in washington dc- we are here to serve you 
bottom line  i am a firm believer in federalism -- the idea that governing is better done closer to home  and we tr…
the problems and failures in our nation s music laws have imposed real financial costs upon artists and producers …
tomorrow  april 28th is national prescription drug take back day which aims to provide a safe  convenient  and resp…
my statement on the on the failed passage of balanced budget amendment resolution-&gt 
icymi  congress has been cracking down on human trafficking  looking forward to seeing the allow states and victim…
wishing all of our sikh american neighbors and friends in indiana & across the country a very happy vaisakhi 
rt  cnbc  just in  fifth third bancorp announces plan  to raise its minimum hourly wage for all employees to  15  and distribute a one-time…
rt  daily_press  the uss john warner has become the first virginia-class sub to unleash missiles in combat
the explosions in austin  tx are very troubling  my thoughts are with the people of texas  and i pray that those re…
i am seeking a wounded warrior or medically retired veteran for a two-year paid fellowship in my savannah or brunsw…
today  president trump released his budget proposal for 2019  click the link below to see how i believe it would im…
 fosta  will finally make a meaningful difference in combating online sex trafficking  thank you to  repannwagner fo…
i am proud to have been able to speak at the southeast texas rice symposium yesterday in winnie  texas  rice is suc…
thrilled to see  potus and  secpompeo bring home three americans  this administration s leadership has just secured…
 fortmac2 no - i don t want to use intelligence to spy on americans  our founding fathers didn t want to either  th…
proud of these ohioans  thank you for your service  🇺🇸 puerto rico
rt  iiicorps_cg    reprwilliams &  judgecarter s visit to baghdad concluded with a discussion with service members from i i i corps and  cjtf…
did you hear the latest positive economic news  u s  jobless claims are at lowest level since 1969  more via…
tune in 
🚨tomorrow  feb  27  at 11 am the crime subcommittee will hold a hearing on the implementation of the  survivors bil…
read my op-ed on my bill to boost geothermal development in idaho in the  idahostatej 
rt  waysandmeansgop  today is the last tax day you will have to file with our old  broken system  next year  american families will see  👶…
talking to  jasensokol on  1590wakr now about how i am pushing to modernize the irs  here is a  crainscleveland op-…
great meeting with you all 
 2/2  i should not have to say this - if we give you the privilege of doing business in our country  you must be he…
rt  upsidowndaughtr  a huge heartfelt thank you to  reptommacarthur and his fabulous district staff for welcoming  jeff_borghoff and i toda…
chairman  repmarkwalker   a little over one year ago  americans elected a unified republican government based on th…
house passed h r  4986 w/ broad bipartisan support-would reauthorize the fcc for first time in 28 yrs  legislation…
 everything in me wanted to give up  but i knew my story was still being written  by me   - rachel leslie   sls2018 
on  housefloor  i have been proud to work with the  lupusorg for many years to raise awareness and support efforts…
icymi  i joined  morningsmaria on  foxbusiness to talk tariffs  government spending  and more  the full story →
wishing  ffaok members a great trip to the national convention in louisville this week  amplify f f a
happy birthday to the  librarycongress  today the library protects 160million  items   otd 
yesterday was patchogue s turn to host yet another amazing st patricks day parade  it may have been chilly out there…
rt  houseagnews    conawaytx11 at  aei   the path to prosperity is paved by hard work and a job  period   2018 farm bill s n a pmatters
had a great time touring the  uscapitol with  senatorfischer and over 150 of our nation s finest  thanks to hall co…
rt  repbillshuster  today the house will begin considering my bill that will provide long-term certainty for america s aviation  find out m…
the us shouldn t remain silent in the face of the forced transfer and theft of america s intellectual property and…
kudos to ambassador  nikkihaley for speaking the truth by praising israeli restraint and denouncing hamas for the deadly violence 
thank you to our d c  interns for all of the hard work you ve done for the office and the great people of az 06  🇺🇸🌵
tax reform means more money in the wallets of american workers 
rt  restoredelta  tune into facebook live today at 3pm for  crcl1988 s interview with  repgarretgraves about the future of louisiana s coas…
wow 
wishing you and your family a blessed and grateful thanksgiving 
rt  housevetaffairs    repjackbergman  drnealdunnfl2  repjimbanks  repscottpeters introduce legislation to stabilize  deptvetaffairs purcha…
the nicaraguan people are demanding freedom from the dictatorship of daniel ortega  i am calling on the  statedept…
rt  drharris1911  a very informative and productive discussion today with  republican  us congressman dave trott  m  
rt  txplanning  waco s suspension bridge has been designated great place in texas  learn more about this great public space at
kicking off drug free m o this morning addressing high schoolers in warsaw choose to be drug free
rt  notredame  the  keoughglobalnd school of global affairs office that recently opened in washington  d c   will provide a base of operati…
rt  waysandmeansgop  exactly right  that s why we re working on the jobs for success act which will get americans off the sidelines and bac…
anyone who wants to harm someone else or themselves should not have access to firearms  i sat down with…
housing  health care  education costs are skyrocketing ↑  promoting innovation and a well-functioning marketplace…
abigail adams said  great necessities call out great virtues   to all the women who have courageously and virtuousl…
just met with a great group of marines  commemorating the 100th anniversary of women serving in the u s  marine cor…
through award-winning community support and the most capable airmen in the armed forces  dyess air force base has u…
to ensure funds are used effectively  it requires states that receive doj grants for pre-trial services to report t…
rt  statedeptspox   fosta  is an important continuation of  potus  efforts to end trafficking by giving law enforcement and victims new tool…
rt  repdlamborn  my colleagues and i called on the navy in a letter to reconsider appointing a secular-humanist chaplain  doing so would di…
rt  gopleader  proud to support micahs law  the house will continue to protect the sanctity of life 
had a great time speaking with  epaulsenwwl today and showing him around the capitol  thanks for coming up to see a…
check out  hackett elementary live  
on holocaust remembrance day  we remember and honor the millions of innocent victims lost to hatred and evil 
rt  joaquincastrotx  that s why i introduced the stand with uk against russia violations act with  repmiketurner which reinforces u s  com…
rt  ncfarmbureau  an early meet and greet for  repmarkwalker  today he gets the opportunity to meet farmers in chatham county  n c farm bur…
rt  speakerryan  today  the  uscapitol flags are lowered to half-staff in honor of our country s law enforcement who have given their lives…
want the latest on my work in congress for  tx23   subscribe to my e-newsletter here →
rt  rep_stevewomack  i m pleased that this unnecessary shutdown has ended  funding the government is among the most fundamental of our legi…
rt  greggharper    whitehouse cancels tours - blames sequester  i just gave an 8 00 a m  capitol tour to 150  fragile x advocates   in    
rt  whitehouse  watch live as president trump delivers remarks on the joint comprehensive plan of action 
i hope  senatormenendez &  senbooker do their jobs and put politics aside to vote to reopen the government  not onl…
great discussion today with  stokes2049   julianku  &  tiffanyma2 on the strength of the us/taiwan relationship & t…
doubling standard deduction  increasing child tax credit  and eliminating burdensome individual mandate make…
i am always glad to see north texans in the u s  capitol  this morning  the denton county chamber of commerce leade…
rt  mainstreetgop  2 important pieces of legislation that need to be a part of a comprehensive approach to addressing the opioid epidemic -…
 indivisibleca25  indivisible_oc i encourage my constituents make appointments to receive help in my office  but not to occupy & disrupt
chairman  congmikesimpson  this is a responsible bill  focusing increases to the most inherently federal responsibi…
young hoosiers like aja from south bend are working with  ysbsjc and  nn4youth to end youth homelessness in america…
highlight of the night  being back on the ice with my son jack & my wife jacquie cheering us on   the big w doesn t…
joining  billhemmer on  foxnews live from the capitol to talk about the latest on the intel memo 
our debt is one of the greatest threats to our national security & economy  that s why i voted yes on the balanced…
enjoyed catching up with  alyssaturcsak from  mi08  for an update on h res 466  a resolution promoting the global pa…
for years  senjohnmccain and i have urged a pardon for jack johnson  pres  obama wouldn t do it   potus trump after…
soon  i will participate in the arrival ceremony for the late rev  billy graham  who will lie in honor in the u s …
this spring  we expect more than 500 north texans to visit our nation s capital  thank you to the many families who…
with the student  teachers  and officers preventing  stop  school violence act  we are empowering students  teache…
rt  realdonaldtrump  good news  toyota and mazda announce giant new huntsville  alabama  plant which will produce over 300 000 cars and suv…
great groundbreaking at the  countbasiethtr today  icymi  here is the  asburyparkpress story 
with the grand staircase-escalante national monument residing in my district  this has been a top priority of mine since coming to office 
every industry is seeing radical changes from technology and innovation  that includes the trucking industry …
today  i visited ducommun s coxsackie facility where they employ two hundred and forty people  ducommun plays an im…
congratulations to lynette scheid from  puyallupsd emerald ridge high school & avid castro from manson school distr…
on national vietnam war veterans day we recognize the bravery and valor displayed by the more than nine million vie…
rt  joplinglobe  the nation s third-largest home improvement chain  menards  has filed a plan to build a store in joplin 
a broken clock is right twice a day  i guess 
attention  ok2   i m hosting a telephone town hall for you & your family this monday at 7 00pm cdt  dial 877-229-8493…
recently  i was able to honor the life and legacy of walter dartland in the congressional record  walter was a clas…
read my statement on the verdict in the trial concerning the murder of kate steinle 
coming up on the  housefloor   reprobwoodall will be managing the combined rule for h r  4182  ensuring a qualified…
crop insurance and reinsurance bureau stopped by our office to discuss the farm bill and how it will benefit all pa…
rt  business  competitiveness in the face of u s  tax cuts is now  job 1  for trudeau s finance minister
this event is a venue and stage for telugu talent from our area  this year s event at broad run high school feature…
rt  houseagnews  tune in   9 30am to watch house ag hold a hearing re  the state of the rural economy w/  usda  secretarysonny 
our founding fathers never envisioned career politicians  it s time to drain the swamp by enacting term limits 
six bills just passed out of the subcommittee on economic opportunity  read the bill text here 
18 questions in 2018 about russia and the fbi  the american people deserve answers   
need help with a federal agency  today  our  va05  team is holding mobile office hours in appomattox  bedford …
president trump challenged the congress and inspired the nation 
today  i sent a letter to the u s  trade representative urging the administration not to implement broad tariffs th…
   iubloomington  3 iu initiatives  office of financial literacy  changes to fin aid process  degree completion  g o p future millennials  1 
rt  larrygloverlive  thank you to  secretarycarson and  repandybarr for coming on the show today  if you missed the appearances  you can c…
the deal also gave valuable resources to the world s greatest financier of terrorism  without any concessions from…
rt  housecommerce  live now  sub comm tech legislative hearing on four communications bills &gt &gt 
for nominations to west point naval academy merchant marine academy and air force academy    
headed to the world series  congrats   astros 
last night  i was proud to host holocaust survivor and now movie star sonia warshawski of prairie village at the us…
in 2016  child abuse affected 7 2 million children and crosses all socioeconomic and educational levels  religions …
while some offices in washington closed today due to a little snow   repmikebishop and i are michiganders  our offi…
small biz plays a significant role in nearly every aspect of the economy  including health care  in  va06   front ro…
join my special guest  dr  carla hayden  libnofcongress  and me this weekend at the 2017 mississippi book festival i…
this national day of prayer  join me in thanking god for the many blessings we enjoy as americans & asking for god s…
check your paycheck  tax cutsand jobs act
 wrightstate  usnistgov innovation is key to growing our economy  and young scientists like eric are the leaders an…
rt  coronafiredept  don t be alarmed if you see smoke today  there is a scheduled prescribed burn in the cleveland national forest near the…
rt  osminmartinezg  ros-lehtinen   que me recuerden por sencilla y sincera  via  dlasamericas   ileana
it was truly an honor to present mr  james vernon of morton with the carnegie medal for his heroic actions in octob…
rt  jasoninthehouse  sen  mcconnell should drop his threat to block rescissions affecting the omnibus  writes  repmarkwalker
 tx25  - have plans this weekend  erath county master gardeners has you covered ↓
our nation is facing a severe opioid crisis  watch my questions from today s  housecommerce hearing here 
this week we celebrate national school choice week  as a member of the  edworkforce committee  i look forward to co…
rt  nbb_elementary   repcurbelo honored mrs  ojeda as outstanding teacher of the year and mrs  de la torre as an outstanding pta member  we…
rt  waysandmeansgop  watch   repkevinbrady   peterroskam   repdavid  &  repcurbelo tax reform speeches at the reagan ranch
rt  stevescalise  i presented my two heroes – david bailey and crystal griner – with the duffy award for the highest standards of conduct …
rt  housecommerce  here s where you can watch this morning s hearing with  facebook ceo mark zuckerberg  💻 website 
this week  i hosted the mo-02 congressional art competition awards ceremony  the arts are vital to our communities …
1 000 feet of lake michigan beach  17 acres of dunes added to preserve in muskegon county pure michigan
last call for applications for the 11th annual teacher in congress internship  deadline to apply is friday  june 2 
10 30pm at  financialcmte &my legislation to help  habitat_org in its mission has been included in choice act 👍🏼--…
with bill hahn kidney advocate mykidneysmylife
happy birthday to my friend  colleague and fellow minnesotan  reperikpaulsen  have enjoyed working alongside you in…
rt  foxnewssunday  exclusive  rep mac thornberry  r-tx  chairman  house armed services committee 
enjoyed meeting with minnesota healthworks coalition yesterday  productive discussion on ways to improve health car…
rt  natresources  today→the house will vote on the resilient federal forests act to improve forest management & reduce the risk of catastro…
rt  shopfloornam  breaking  in latest nam survey  optimism among manufacturers registered its second-highest level ever recorded  93 5%  in…
this week pays special recognition to those law enforcement officers who have lost their lives in the line of duty…
present and future chaplains in the armed forces should have security in the knowledge that federal law protects t…
the 2018 farm bill provides states options and flexibility to best service  snap  recipients in their states 
i m thankful that our allies are standing with us  the world is united against assad and his supporters 
5 necessary fixes to our broken immigration system  ✅build the wall ✅address visa overstays ✅defund sanctuary citie…
rt  senjoniernst  glad to have support from  repdavid on the squeal act 
may first lady barbara bush rest in peace and may god s comfort be with the bush family at this difficult time 
rt  usmc  honor the fallen tuesday we lost four marines from  3rdmaw during a training exercise in california   capt samuel a  schultz of…
at 5 pm the committee will start the hearing on the faa reauthorization act and h r  3144  watch tonight s hearing…
this week  we honor our police officers who sacrifice each day to keep us and our children safe  we have been bless…
 while we should try to use economic means to solve foreign problems  we can t be doing it by spending  6 million o…
rt  houseradiotv  news conference   repteddeutch   reprutherfordfl   rephalrogers   repderekkilmer on the stop school violence act  locatio…
we need to report thin blue line act out of judiciary comm today  thankful my colleague  vernbuchanan introduced this important legislation 
there is no way to track  snap  recipients who may be registered for benefits in multiple states  the 2018 farm bill…
i want a deal on daca and think there s a sensible compromise to be reached  the daca deadline isn t til march  gov…
rt  dan_biles  grateful that  pascosheriff and  repgusbilirakis stopped by the pasco county eoc this morning hurricaine irma
i have never voted against an omnibus or to keep the government funded  however  loyalty and keeping one s word is…
we are working hard to improve our budget process and put forth common sense solutions to get back to regular order…
since  potus has been elected  the house has passed 16 congressional review act bills to eliminate some of the most…
for computer security day  i want to share some helpful tips to ensure that your personal information stays secure 
thanks again for the opportunity to have a great discussion 
west plains is home to the greater ozarks center for advanced technology  gocat  facility  dean of academic affairs…
what a great turnout in sylacauga this past weekend to celebrate our young artists across east…
breaking  chairman  repstevechabot hails passage of 7 key bipartisan small business bills
rt  rephartzler  this morning i m speaking on  dcexaminer panel with  reptedyoho and  rodneydavis about the farm bill and the needs of rura…
great morning talking with members of the steel manufacturers association s human resources and transportation comm…
great tour of the  ibm austin lab to discuss their pioneering work in artificial intelligence and my bill  the futu…
simi hamilton former member of the sun valley ski education foundation team  will compete in this third…
the house passed  congressmangt s bill to allow va doctors to practice telemedicine across state lines  details …
rt  speakerryan  today s incident was a terrible tragedy  we are grateful for the first responders who rushed to the scene and we pray for…
wonder how many times i have to tell leadership i m not going to allow public lands to be sold mtpol keep it public
 al06   see you at 6 30 tonight at calera city hall for our town hall 
while executive branch spending rises  house republicans have slashed house budgets
rt  houseagnews  in this week s farm bill friday   repkinzinger highlights illinois  vast agriculture industry and notes the various progra…
wonderful evening at the west michigan asian american association asian gala18  thanks for all you do in our commun…
 he brought up a power plant in pleasants county  as an example of the fallout if something isn t done  
rt  housecommerce  here s where you can watch this morning s hearing with  facebook ceo mark zuckerberg  💻 website 
thank you  secretaryperry 
honored to have helped w/ the  va  on this case   forgotten army veteran honored at lucerne valley memorial park --&gt 
reliability  respectability  and responsibility  what a great expression that came from our community leaders meeti…
the battle of saratoga turned the tides of the american revolution  what better way to kick off national park week t…
great visit with amy maddox & keith hennegan of  davita today  we discussed new & innovative medical models to help…
i m proud to be a member of the house congenital heart caucus & will continue to support legislation that positivel…
rt  wcpi_cindy  congratulations to  susanwbrooks and  reploisfrankel for co-chairing yesterday s hearing on sexual harassment in male-domin…
in march  congress passed & the president later signed into law  the stop school violence act of 2018 & the securin…
i applaud  mayorsamabed for supporting the doj lawsuit against ca sanctuary state laws - prioritizing political poi…
it s beginning to look a lot like christmas here in central texas  what a beautiful tree   roundrock 
  chicagotribune   our favorite four-letter word… is j-o-b-s  because employment growth creates prosperity and secu…
rt  houseagnews  house ag has laid the groundwork  it s go time  2018 farm bill  conawaytx11
in april   the govt collected  515 billion and spent  297 billion  for a total monthly surplus of  218 billion  tha…
update on yesterday s tax day system outages at the irs 
the limited strike to address the immediate issue of chemical weapons in syria is a reasonable action and it is on…
rt  johncornyn  bipartisan fix n i c s bill that will save lives by fixing broken background check system for buying guns now has 46 senate co…
sober living homes remain a growing challenge for our communities  this week i pressed ag  jeffsessions for answers…
congratulations to pine township s own jai ganesh for earning the congressional award silver medal  it was a privil…
rt  gopleader   tbt   senschumer in 2013   a [government shutdown] is the politics of idiocy  of confrontation  of paralysis  
congressman griffith s weekly e-newsletter 11 6 17 topics  tax reform update  chip
the house has voted to fund our military  give pay raises to our troops  fund community health centers and prevent…
i m from a state that s home to about 50 000 songwriters  and it s a pleasure to work to update the music licensing…
rt  repjimrenacci  great crew at our  ohiolife refuel/rest stop after another successful march for life love saves lives whywemarch
rt  springfieldnl  springfield blood drive to honor retired officer aaron pearson
it s time for republicans to deliver on their promises to fully repeal obamacare 
had a great meeting with members of the wayne county business council on the benefits of tax reform in wayne county…
 ajfyi there s an exemption for that too   the provisions of this article may be waived for any fiscal year in whic…
sad to hear about louise slaughter  new york lost a strong voice  my family and i will pray for her loved ones as t…
iran continues to promote terror throughout the world – and according to the new york times  more aggressively   
pleased  govinslee endorsed my bipartisan bill to protect endangered salmon  id & or governors joined him in sendin…
icymi- read my recent op-ed  northjersey on america s leadership role on the global stage 
yesterday  i stopped by the affton christian food pantry in south county to drop off canned food to help those in n…
rt  speakerryan  our men and women in uniform are not bargaining chips—they are our nation s best and brightest  who put their lives on the…
president says fix the border so gangs can t get in & americans won t be murdered  d s won t even stand for that  speechless
congressman hunter and former congressman hunter discussing the border wall prototypes with  potus
thanks to my good friend vicki bailey for stopping by my office yesterday and bringing along some of her family who…
i m so glad i was able to see the spalding county junior deputies during their trip to washington  it is exciting t…
celebrating the 228th anniversary of our constitution  an enduring blueprint for america s freedom & prosperity 
rt  realdonaldtrump  today the house took major steps toward securing our schools by passing the stop school violence act  we must put the…
 scotus  heard arguments today on whether u s  law enforcement should be able to access data stored abroad  and many…
rt  thefga  congressman gary palmer honored with fga award for health care reform efforts  usrepgarypalmer
local authorities should be allowed to work with federal authorities to combat the opioid crisis 
 wrongs are not always righted and wrongdoers are not always punished  not on our watch   repgoodlatte calls for…
 greggharper to learn more about e&c s legislative and investigative efforts to combat the opioid crisis  visit our…
rt  hascrepublicans  tune in at 10 am - live here   fy19ndaa   ndaa  markup is here
icymi  i joined  mariabartiromo this morning to discuss the needlessness of the schumer shutdown  these theatrics m…
rt  repmarkwalker  there is only one thing standing in the way of supporting our military  funding  chip   and stopping what  senschumer cal…
as i said yesterday on the house floor   hhsgov should change regulations for title x family planning funds so tax…
rt  repkinzinger  the very first medals of honor were presented onthisday in 1863  today  we honor all who have gone above and beyond the…
law enforcement must show fairness & impartiality of their processes & treat individuals w/ dignity & respect  randcorporation l e task force
what a great evening for pinehurst live after 5  🌤
honored to receive the freedom fighter award today 
 allenwallace thanks for your note allen  i m not saying he is legally obligated to honor the first amendment on hi…
kicking off  ar  spring break week by touring the capitol with constituents from the third district  thanks for stop…
i was raised by a single mom who worked full-time at a factory  this kind of credit would have made a big differenc…
as floodwaters continue to rise in our communities  i am grateful for the first responders keeping hoosiers in sout…
lake providence port is critical to moving ag products from fields to market  i m working w/ corps to keep it open…
congratulations to  akronohiomayor dan horrigan  who received the conference of mayors  small business advocacy awa…
h j  res  2 is a commonsense measure to require our federal govt to spend less than it takes in  hardworking americ…
citizenship matters apportionment for congressional seats and electoral votes should be based on citizens  not on r…
i had the privilege of visiting peru with a bipartisan delegation to meet with the leaders of several countries in…
tax cuts & jobs act increases the standard deduction   12k for individuals &  24k for families  taxreform …
visit to learn how the tax cutsand jobs act is offering americans and their families an oppor…
last week i spoke with  philsnews at  okcfox about my new waste watch report as well as other issues 
i ll be joining  larrygloverlive on  wvlk after the break  tune in to 590 am or listen live online at 
today i had the opportunity to hear from local business leaders in georgetown and lexington on how the…
psalm 59 16 but as for me  i shall sing of your strength  yes  i shall joyfully sing of your lovingkindness in the…
please see my statement on the president s iran announcement 
may is military appreciation month  thank you for your service and sacrifice  military
rt  dave_sutor    repkaygranger to deliver keynote address at  showcaseforcomm  will attend as guest of  keithrothfus 
today and every day  we honor the brave men and women who defended our freedoms in the vietnam war 
secretary of defense james mattis has written the house and senate armed services committees to urge support for my…
 md01  depends on temporary workers for our seafood processing  tourism  and landscaping industries  i m proud to su…
the threat that asian carp pose to the ecosystem of the great lakes cannot be overlooked  i applaud governor snyder…
god bless the men and women serving in the most capable & lethal federal reserve force in the history of our nation…
you can watch our joint economic committee hearing with federal reserve chair janet yellen starting at 9am here 
becca and i were on the train involved in today s accident  we re both ok and are praying for those injured and the…
 ericdahlinger very persuasive 
rt  realdonaldtrump  on behalf of the american people  welcome home 
rt  chesapeakebay  thank you  pa  congressmangt   for standing up for cleanwater  in a bipartisan show of support  u s  house members fro…
  potus made the right move in asking congress to reevaluate the iran nuclear agreement  my full statement 
rt  jecrepublicans  with tax reform we can swap complex depreciation schedules w/ expensing that boosts investment  paychecks  & jobs
happy firstdayofspring and national ag day 
rt  reptedbudd  today  in our  financialcmte hearing  i questioned bill hinman  director of sec s division of corporation finance  we talke…
recently met with employees of the husky refinery in superior to discuss the fire damage and how to ensure we keep…
rt  congculberson  icymi   gopleader & i penned an op-ed for  houstonchron highlighting the need to  - modernize regulations governing dis…
as the tax cutsand jobs act begins to take effect you will soon be keeping more of your hard earned money  here is w…
i like the idea of a 6-8 month race for speaker  but given my observations of the way things work in the swamp  it…
this presidents day we celebrate and honor those who have ascended to the highest office and served our great count…
our community lost a special  ga10  member with the passing of locust grove officer chase maddox  tomorrow  in partn…
such an honor to bring  vp to visit our community as we work together to bring hope and unity in the face of hardsh…
congratulations to the  gatorstf team for winning their fourth ncaa indoor championship  it is uf s 40th national c…
rt  reporterbetsy  american flag will wave once again at kirtland cemetery  thanks to local  americanlegion post & more than  7 000 in don…
 smolinafca more than 40 so far 
pleased to see  potus reviewing the border wall prototypes today  including the one constructed by dickinson-based…
north country apple orchards produce bushels and bushels of delicious apples every year  yesterday  i met with appl…
town hall meetings held this week in loomis  tonight  aug 5  and copperopolis  aug 7  both at 6 00 pm pacific
rt  clyburn  introduced h r  5532 with my colleague  repsanfordsc to expand the reconstruction era national monument in beaufort  st  helen…
i m doing everything i can to stop the avalanche of red ink  sadly  too many in washington just don t seem to care…
 defendourfuture i ve always had a deep appreciation for the natural beauty of so fla  from  evergladesnps and…
soon  the committee will examine how va handles overpayments of benefits  stream the hearing here 
i was one of the first members of congress to call for a special investigation  we must give robert mueller the tim…
icymi  because of the tax cuts and jobs act  lakestone bank & trust — based in lapeer — is giving all hourly employ…
rt  desjarlaistn04  good news is food stamp recipients have declined by millions unfortunately number still much to…
i d tune in  but i think my seatmates will get annoyed 
rt  speakerryan  breaking news→ the house just voted to rebuild our military  secure our borders  and give our service members their larges…
i m proud of the incredible progress new mexico has made in advancing domestic energy production  not only does thi…
great meeting with engineering students this morning at  fairmontstate  great discussion on some of the pressing is…
today is the last day to apply for a summer internship in my washington  dc office  we would love to work with you…
rt  msu_basketball  time for our own version of detroit basketball  grab your 👟  let s 🕺 go green dancing in detroit beat bucknell
rt  abel_romero_    mactxpress welcomes new republican members to  hascrepublicans
are you planning to travel abroad soon  check your passport and make sure it s up to date  it can take several week…
rt  foxnews    potus signs executive order on health care 
great meeting w/ brigadier general joseph shrader  the incoming commanding general for marine corps logistics comma…
chairman  rep_stevewomack getting ready to go live on  bloombergtv  tune in 
rt  dkambusa  an evening to remember  more than 600 guests celebrated the 168th anniversary of the danish constitution  great speeches and…
rt  mikesolarte  i m not sure i ve seen a lockdown monday mikey before luke terry  eh  miketoper1  
   intelligence system was manipulated to benefit hillary clinton s campaign  i thank my colleagues on the intellig…
happening now  oversight of the federal bureau of prisons hearing in  housejudiciary  watch live  here 
rt  houseappropsgop  this package prioritizes national security  supports our troops  strengthens law enforcement  secures our borders & ge…
earlier this week i discussed my recent investigative trip to niger with  news9 s  granthermeskwtv 
rt  housescience   to maintain america s global standing as the leader in science  we must meet our international commitments & support thi…
currently at the  houseappropsgop markup of the  cjs  & financial services funding bills  you can tune in here 
rt  wrhi  u s  representative ralph norman joins manning kimmel on straight talk 
i thought premiums would go down by  2 500 for a family of four   sotu 
read  repgusbilirakis veterans day op-ed in  dcexaminer  this veterans day  do more than say  thank you  
r i p  patrolman robb pitts  thoughts and prayers are with his family  friends and the entire terre haute police department 
honestly thought mick mulvaney turned 50 years ago  was wrong  happy 50th micky 
israel has the right to defend itself against iran s continued aggression  we stand with our cherished ally 
speaking with members of the georgia wing civil air patrol  thanks for all you do for our state and nation 
on easter sunday christians throughout the world rejoice  heidi and i wish you and your loved ones a blessed easter 
thank you to  jocogov commission chair  edeilert for his long service and commitment to our community  appreciated…
the omnibus passed by the house & senate  & now signed into law by president trump  provides necessary resources &…
our outdated tax code is an anchor around the necks of our businesses  our innovators  and the american middle clas…
i m live asking questions at  hasc   tune in here 
rt  deptofdefense  thank you for 227 years of safeguarding our waterways   uscg  here s to another 227   cg227  c g day
the 2017 crosstown shootout starts in 10  let s go bearcats  crosstown shootout  gobearcatsmbb
it was a pleasure to meet irish ambassador  danmulhall  irelandembusa yesterday  a beautiful country 
 live   the national security subcommittee examines bureaucratic challenges to hurricane recovery efforts in puerto…
if you live in deschutes county  several locations will serve as d e a takebackday collection sites tomorrow  learn m…
enjoyed hearing from so many hardworking hoosiers in rochester today and answering their questions about this past…
meeting notice  the committee will meet on tuesday  october 10th at 5 pm on s  585 - dr  chris kirkpatrick whistleblower protection act
joining the demaio report with  carldemaio at 3 15 pm  pst   kogo 600 am radio to discuss the latest on north korea  tune in 
rt  greggharper  for the 113th congress  i ll remain on the influential  housecommerce committee and return to the select  houseadmngop     
i look forward to voting for tax reform today  more than 80% of my constituents use standard deduction and will kee…
every day  we keep hearing more good news about how the tax cuts & jobs act is growing paychecks for southern calif…
god raised up reverend billy graham as a servant to raise up the rest of us  he has now called him home  reverend g…
i voted for the national defense authorization act today to build a 21st century military that takes care of our troops   ndaa 
 vance_barber thank you  vance 
 feterlp  argusleader i shared the same concerns outlined here  which is why i voted against the bill 
electromagnetic ops will only become more important as tech continues to advance at its current rapid pace  glad to…
keeping americans safe  national security is both a domestic and international issue  our partners must be fully en…
new report from  linkedin shows a hiring jump – a great sign of growth after tax reform  biggest hiring increases i…
thx  atscommunity  proud to join with  repgenegreen   repdonyoung &  repeliotengel to provide the tools and resourc…
rt  jakejakeny  read the column and the links to even very liberal pro-gun control experts to see why your statement is exactly the opposit…
rt  pattykingsway   willhurd made  jrotc  feel connected to espada today  he said   i didn t get to enjoy parks until i was 22  i didn t get…
this morning i chaired a  housesmallbiz subcommittee hearing on  restoring rural america  how agritech is revitaliz…
rt  foxnews    toddrokita   it s an easy question  do you condemn anti-semitism  and the modern democratic party   can t answer the questio…
reminder  our vets info workshop in claremore kicks off tonight at 5 until 6 30pm at the j i stipe recreation center…
today   coxenterprises  which employs thousands of oklahomans  will be awarding up to  2 000 bonuses to the majorit…
i joined my fellow ar4 residents to celebrate the 50th anniversary of the wild and scenic rivers act  in the fourt…
the  michpeninsula highlights the new opportunity zone designations here in  mi06  created by the tax cuts & jobs ac…
rt  scchamber  🙌🏽grateful🙌🏽 for 🥪lunch🥪 buddies at 📚👩🏽‍🏫logan elementary school👨🏼‍🏫📚   go leopards   even though these 👨🏽‍🎓students👨🏽‍🎓 co…
the house just voted on the biggest and boldest step in 20 years to redesign the  irs   our legislation requires the…
today s  waysandmeansgop hearing focuses on recent proposals to help more americans enter  reenter  or stay in the…
happening soon  i ll be calling in to  ktrhnews at 7 15amct  listen live ➡️
i had the honor of presenting charlie albrecht the medals he earned while serving in the us army during the korean…
 sls2018 
rt  speakerryan  pleased that the obama administration s fiduciary rule has been struck down by the courts  it was obamacare for financial…
rt  foxbusiness    repgosar on fbi raid of michael cohen   this had nothing to do with russia  this shows that this is totally out of bound…
in 2011  i voted for the u s -south korea free trade agreement  over 40 000 tx jobs are directly tied to this agree…
it is so clear to me  that this president loves this country and the people of this country   sotu 
today we honor the military spouses whose sacrifice is not always recognized  but their constant support  commitmen…
just wrapped up some dinner  and now back to  fy19ndaa  mark-up  still a lot of work left to do tonight  but looking…
more good news  tax reform works
terrific meeting with advocates for research to combat als  lou gehrig disease   hopeful progress is being made but…
rt  foxnews    tgowdysc   i don t think the source matters nearly as much as whether or not the underlying info is authentic and credible  …
rt  congressmangt  great to have state college constituent melissa hamsher testify before the house  natresources about her work w/ permitt…
great to be back with the team this morning and play some ball ⚾️🇺🇸 i m excited to continuing practicing with every…
rt  housebudgetgop  watch  in this week s member spotlight  budget committee member  tomcoleok04 talks entitlement reform 
icymi  i joined a bipartisan group of house armed services committee colleagues on a letter to  potus urging him to…
my family and i are extending our thoughts and prayers to former first lady barbara bush and the bush family as the…
americans have always been dreamers  strivers and doers  even in the most difficult of economic times  now  we re f…
👀 look who i ran into at the us capitol tonight  coach  riverboatronhc was just looking for a few pointers as we ge…
tresi  a 2½-year-old yellow lab  recently started working at the north duke street courthouse  she is trained to b…
it was an honor to join the denver chinese school in honor of the year of the dog and their 20yr anniversary  this ce…
during national small business week we celebrate america s nearly 30 million small businesses - be sure to support y…
yesterday  the house passed legislation to reform nuclear waste practices  read more about the bill here ⬇️
👊🏼👏🏼🙌🏼👍🏼nice job books 
i appreciate all the team help defending the rfs  opposing a rin cap & waivers and ensuring market access for renew…
full statement 
all our thoughts and prayers must be with the victims of today s church massacre in texas and their family members and friends 
posey works with local business leaders to coordinate 3rd federal contracting conference  politics
congratulations  repjbridenstine on your long overdue confirmation  looking forward to your leadership at nasa 
thanks  riponadvance for highlighting my bill that makes 1099s easier and more secure to file for businesses …
rt  housecommerce  watch  today we debut our  personal stories from the opioid crisis  video series  highlighting individuals and families…
rt  texasfarmbureau  farmers from the texas panhandle meet with  repjoebarton to discuss taxes  cotton & farmbill  txfbmeets
 desireedazzler we re u really a reagan supporter 
rt  caiadvocacy  we re honored to present  repsanfordsc with this year s house of representatives hero of association   hoa   award  thank…
thank you  repjasonlewis - look forward to continue working with you for minnesota 
from a historic baseball call to journeying somewhere  over the rainbow   the loc announced this year s additions t…
veterans should have a simple  fast process when applying for social security disability benefits – especially our wounded warriors 
please join me in praying for the bowen family & our  tn06  community during this difficult time  my heart is with t…
i ll be joining  wowofortwayne in just a few minutes  listen live ➡️
what i voted against today was washington  d c  s style of  problem-solving      the exact opposite of what hoosiers demanded last nov  2/4
pitt county  tomorrow at 6pm  i m hosting a teletown hall to hear from you  you can call directly to  888  480-3626…
just discussed with  jessicaasmith8   wish_tv
  entergyla is using its  210m in tax reform savings to reduce energy rates  more wins for louisiana as a result of…
today i met with  cbageorgia to talk about the ways they are supporting our communities and how we can help them co…
today secretary zinke announced that the royalty payments from anvil points will be released to co  i look forward…
changes made in the protecting young victims from sexual abuse and safe sport authorization act respond to the need…
making his olympic debut chase josey is one of team u s a s top halfpipe snowboarders  born and raised in hailey ida…
fully support  potus trump decision to launch air strikes against syria  thanks to france and great britain for being part of coalition 
rt  tatumguinn  breaking  jeff davis county has issued a second voluntary evacuation order  mc dannald fire
update  hasc full committee will proceed at 10 am - subcommittee hearings this afternoon are postponed to a later d…
rt  chpcnews  thank you  kencalvert for your leadership in supporting affordable housing with a 12 5% increase in the housing credit for 4…
thanks to the tax cutsand jobs act  we re now up to 48 states whose residents will see lower utility rates  for scale…
as texas continues to recover from hurricane harvey  i want to remind everyone that the start of the 2018 hurrican…
rt  mowjec  thank you  repjoebarton for delivering meals with us  we appreciate what you do for the seniors in your district  mealsonwheel…
thank you to viiz communications call center for the tour today  calhoun co  al03 
joining  wkzonews live now for a q&a - tune in &gt &gt 
rt  petesessions  thank you to my dear friend  repbillflores for inviting me to talk with the  wacochamber  as a result of tax reform we ha…
by reversing these damaging  sequestration cuts  that have gutted our military and making necessary defense investm…
rt  housegop  with 90% of americans set to see increased paychecks this month  the benefits from tax cutsand jobs act just keeps getting bett…
today  i attended an  edworkforce subcommittee hearing on  examining the dept  of labor s proposed rule on associat…
talking with the great folks at anadarko about taxreform  a modern nafta  and happenings in washington 
proud 2 call  repryanzinke a friend & colleague  i welcome next chapter in his service as  interior sec  my stmt …
here is a link to the commentary  repjackbergman and i wrote last year 
this afternoon i met with a group of fire chiefs from around our state  i cannot thank these leaders enough for the…
in an op-ed published today by  foxnews  house budget committee chairman  repdianeblack discusses the benefits of…
thanks to tax reform   dukeenergy is crediting  38 million in tax savings to customers in ohio and kentucky &gt &gt 
rt  repkinzinger   hr2  is about standing w/ our farmers & ranchers  it protects crop insurance  includes programs to protect trade  & helps…
fbi takes  salacious and unverified  dossier to secret court to get secret warrant to spy on an american  deputy d…
on floor to recognize george ellis for his dedicated service to the commonwealth of pennsylvania as he retires as…
joining  seanhannity at 5 30 pm to discuss the latest developments in the uranium one investigation  listen here 
happy constitution day  today we celebrate the adoption of our nation s founding document and the government it est…
great to speak with students from the university of nebraska lincoln who are interested in national security and pu…
rt  wjhg_tv  the wing is expected to bring about 1 600 new jobs and more than  250 million of military construction 
rt  dougheye  for those who don t know him   greggharper is a serious member committed to doing what s right 
almost tax day thanks to the tax cutsand jobs act this is the last time american families will file under the old and…
rt  rebekahlsanders    repdavid tempting fate with olivia on fox business  looking for a bbc professor redux 😋
rt  monitoringassoc  thanks to  repmikecoffman for speaking to the alarm industry communications committee this morning in dc about net neu…
i enjoyed my conversation with  mariabartiromo   dagenmcdowell   wsj s jon hilsenrath  &  ankurjain_2 about foreign…
rt  whitehouse  happy international womens day  today we recognize  honor  and celebrate women around the world 
rather than punishing the chinese like they were intended to do  i m afraid these catch-all tariffs will hurt hardw…
  aysiacutie thanks for your question  ask buddy
rt  westerncaucus  today  the caucus called on congress to finally terminate the obama  epa s massive and job-killing wotus rule - necessar…
rt  whitehouse   my administration is committed to fighting the drug epidemic and helping get treatment for those in need    sotu 
are you receiving my enewsletter each week  it is a great way to find out about the work i am doing on behalf of…
i m just a couple of haircuts away from equaling the number of staff departures by your wh colleagues  i get it  yo…
rt  bizroundtable   repmiketurner thank you for supporting america s workers  employers  and for your commitment to grow the economy  thank…
happy passover to all who are celebrating 
happy birthday to my friend and a true patriot  samspressshop 
happening now  we examine program integrity for the supplemental nutrition assistance program  📺 live https //t co/d1h9yvegqe
excellence  still    go blue jackets 
  howardcoble s character and authenticity have proved indispensable to his record of achievement as a legislator
currituck and dare counties  we are live  to join the telephone town hall  i encourage you to call directly to  888…
rt  snjtoday    replobiondo announces a veterans enrollment clinic at the  atlanticcape atlantic city campus  more here 
rt  gary_kelly  i m proud to report we are rewarding our employees with a  1 000 bonus with the anticipated savings from the tax reform leg…
in a recent armed services committee hearing  i spoke about security in the middle east 
bloomberg  mcdonald s corp  plans to pump  150 million into tuition assistance for its u s  employees  becoming the…
meeting with  repgoodlatte and john d  bassett iii   draper mercantile and trading company
this morning  we heard from witnesses at a subcommittee hearing examining how osha can work with stakeholders to st…
had a great time showing the cold spring/richmond police dept  around the capitol yesterday evening for a night tou…
graicas  juansaaa  i m committed to fighting for d r e a mers in congress
rt  tamu  texas a&m moved ⬆️ in the latest  usnews grad school rankings  whoop  tamu
stopped by the lancaster fire department installation of officers banquet  thank you to the men and women who volun…
attn  oh02  high schoolers  the 2018 congressional art competition is now open and runs through april 20th  enter fo…
rt  _mattsewell  honoring a hero  jack cook of arkansas died in ww2 when he gave up his spot in a life boat to save another man  today   re…
holding a hearing at 10am this morning to end the opioidcrisis and addictions destroying lives and families  wa…
chairman  repgoodlatte   today  president trump signed into law a bipartisan bill to ensure that the men and women…
 tx23  high school students  it s not too late to enter the congressional art competition  visit my website to learn…
find out here when ninth district staff will be holding office hours in your jurisdiction during the month of may 
rt  brazoriacounty 
rt  markweinerdc  house passes  repjohnkatko s bill to find security gaps at cuban airports serving u s   ny24  cub…
america has been watching hollywood for decades  but not watching closely enough  congress should not be subsidizi…
the tax cutsand jobs act is moving our complicated tax system in the right direction - fast  simple  and fair taxes …
national teacher appreciation week → to the teachers across indiana s ninth district  thank you for the countless h…
wishing you & your family a happy thanksgiving 
happy mother s day to shannon and all of the great moms out there 
another successful bipartisan working group early this morning  this time discussing the fiscal state resolution an…
milton from coatesville wrote to me about  daca   like many of us  he d like to see a solution  see what milton as…
rt  joaquincastrotx   the russian government sanctioned attack on sergei and yulia skripal and officer nick bailey last month on british s…
rt  tcpalm  congressmen blast  brightline s financing strategy in d c  hearing  question safety record  they also called into question the…
i appreciate the support of my friend from across the aisle   repsinema  in joining me on the floor to fight for accountability at the va 
thanks   govwaste for naming me a  taypayer hero   i am proud to be the voice of main street in washington  and wil…
a great early christmas present thanks to the tax cutsand jobs act  the winning is just beginning   pa   pa03   maga  p…
the talk small yall business tour with senator  johnboozman concluded this evening in downtown hot springs  where we…
for too long  hardworking songwriters have only been paid pennies on the dollar for their creative works  even thou…
the iowa general assembly just passed heartbeat legislation that will protect nearly every baby from abortionists …
 byu4288 than that settles it 
the cfpb relied on  junk science  when issuing their 2013 guidance on indirect auto lending and their over-regulati…
honored to serve as a conferee on the national defense authorization act for fy 18  i was pleased to sign my name t…
 adambruyere  1063word thank you  
over 400 businesses have announced wage increases  bonuses and increases in investments in their employees and in t…
i m participating in today s  housejudiciary hearing on the opioid abuse crisis that is gripping al & the entire co…
rt  rephartzler  new gao report shows that more than  1 5 billion of taxpayers  money went to abortion providers over a three-year period …
we owe it to these young people to give them certainty through a legislative solution  as potus has asked us to   daca 
good morning south jersey - joining  harryhurley on  wpg1450 for this month s  ask the congressman  at 7am  discuss…
we are united in bringing pro-growth taxreform to you and your family  learn more about our plan 
please join with me in thanking our brave men and women in blue - those who have served  those who currently serve …
icymi  we re still accepting artwork from cny high school artists for this year s congressional competition  i look…
tomorrow is national prescription drug take back day  please visit to find a drop-off locat…
racism and hate groups are evil  and there s no place for either in america 
for those unable to attend tuesday s veterans town hall meeting  and in need of assistance  contact my reno offic…
for years  congress has overwhelmingly agreed that jerusalem is the capital of israel  this decision confirms what…
i had the honor today to manage floor debate on two important bills that protect our children   hr1973   hr1761 
sad to hear of the passing of my friend and predecessor  congressman jim martin  he was a political trailblazer in…
proud to join  replindasanchez  repmeehan &  repschrader to allow seniors access to medicare home care services 
the sacrifices these children make are remarkable  they face the same challenges all kids face while moving frequen…
good meeting today with  coloradosalc  we discussed ways to improve  usps services for  co  residents 
rt  wmfdtv  rep  pat tiberi  s stop act  halt drugs at their source
america must take action and send a strong message to assad and his enablers in russia and iran that the united sta…
no need for 280 characters to express how great it was for my psu alumni staff & me to meet w/  sandyb_psuad to tal…
what a beautiful day for a flag pole dedication at cox harley davidson in moore county  i was glad to play a part i…
we all agree that action needs to be taken to keep our schools and children safe  today the house will vote on the…
pleased to see  walmart join the growing list of businesses passing on the rewards of tax reform to millions of ame…
our office recently completed its  6 000th constituent case  when a constituent needs help  whether it s securing h…
every american regardless of political party would benefit from infrastructure investments  republicans in congress…
rt  energyagnews  thanks  reppaulmitchell for talking ethanol with  aceethanol members  ace18dc 
great to have dana coale   usda deputy administrator for the dairy program join us for the discussion  our area is…
a group of young  alfafarmers came by this morning to meet with me  they re currently going through a two-year lead…
2/2 our debt to the selfless and courageous men and women  in blue   who risk everything to keep us safe every day  will never be paid 
jobs  jobs  jobs  more than 300 new jobs and a  1 4 million investment coming to horry county  more info 
i joined  vdhanson and  marksteynonline on  foxnews to discuss louis farrakhan and my resolution to condemn his ant…
today i introduced legislation to protect the privacy of u s  citizens  read more about my bill …
honored to attend and kick off the symposium today  quindaro  kck 
thank you for coming in to meet with me   travisfolmar 
rt  bizroundtable   repdianeblack thank you for supporting america s workers  employers  and for your commitment to grow the economy  thank…
as alabama s only member of the delegation on…
since republicans passed tax reform  wages have had their biggest gain since 2008  six million workers have receive…
collins applauds advancement of 25 bills addressing the opioid epidemic -
rt  houseappropsgop  tune in at 2 pm   reptomgraves chairs a financial services subcommittee hearing on the fy19 budget for the judiciary …
rt  robport  i ll have  repkevincramer on  970wday with me shortly taking open phones questions  call 888-970-9329 or email talk wday com …
we took an oath to provide for the common defense    let s stop playing politics and support our military 
i spoke with  bbcnews last night following president trump s state of the union address  listen here 
 repgoodlatte speaks at the  ussupremecourt about online sales tax   it is the responsibility of congress—not the c…
honored to present 250  helena-area vietnam war veterans with pins today with gen  matthew quinn 
rt  waysandmeansgop  over half the country is living paycheck to paycheck  they don t have savings  they don t have extra money to spend  t…
democrats want to tank the 2018 farm bill - risking certainty and stability for our farmers - because we re institut…
take a look at my e-newsletter to see what i did this week in washington →
rt  waysandmeansgop  statement  chairman  repkevinbrady statement on world trade organization  wto  report finding that the eu violated  wt…
thanks to john brogan  a veteran from ocean county in long term recovery who is a recovery specialist  for testifyi…
the ray baum s act is a critical step to spur innovation and the development of next-generation wireless services 
watch  housegop live as chairman of  houseagnews  conawaytx11 joins us to set the record straight on how the…
last night  i hosted the 2018 congressional art competition  where we had over 30 entries from 7 counties in the si…
channel 2 news running story about the pardon of jack johnson  the galveston giant  sam collins  bob spagnola & i v…
thank you to our interns - mike  irina and jane  all from vancouver - for serving our d c  office so well this summ…
getting ready to talk with  siriusxm about the newly released  housegop taxreform plan 
rt  debbie_mayfield   repbrianmast and  congbillposey continue to protect the interests of their treasure coast constituents  to watch this…
rt  stevescalise  further proof that tax reform is working → more than 40% of companies plan to increase wages  ht…
with escalating threats across the globe  we must remain a step ahead of our adversaries by taking precautions to p…
our nation s veterans have sacrificed endlessly for their fellow americans & we must do our best to give them the s…
 calfiresandiego is holding a public meeting tonight at 7 00 pm at the fallbrook community center to provide operat…
tomorrow kicks off national park week which means all parks will offer free admission to everyone  be sure to check…
rt  repandrecarson  one in 10 americans has a rare disease  including thousands of hoosiers  today  on  rarediseaseday   repryancostello an…
i voted no on the bipartisan budget act of 2018  this bill is fiscally irresponsible and will place insurmountable…
north dakota continues to lead the way in u s  energy production  according to today s  eiagov report  the u s  wil…
on average  the tax cutsand jobs act means  2 259 in the pockets of tennesseans  what would you do with the extra mon…
joined  teamcavuto to show my support for the  vikings and make the point that responsible government funding shoul…
the assad regime s dangerous escalation of chemical weapons attacks in douma cannot be tolerated by the civilized world 
honored to speak at the sierra nevada job corps graduation in reno  proud of all the graduates for their hard work
billy graham was god s most productive evangelist  leading countless people into a personal relationship with jesus…
  houseagnews is marking up the agriculture and nutrition act of 2018  also know as the 2018 farm bill  today at 9…
tornadoes on the ground in tulsa right now  praying for the safety of everyone 
i just completed a tour of storm-ravaged florida and texas with  speakerryan 
tune in wednesday | 2pm et | our three part series starts  examining how the federal government can leverage artifi…
chairman  drphilroe conducted oversight at the denver replacement va medical center this past week to check on the…
ironton tribune  commission proclaims may as older americans month   irontontribune
took a moment this evening to recognize national sexual assault awareness month on the house floor  watch 
in clinton county at keystone central school district hosting  cte  forum with are business & industry representat…
this weekend i joined the  womenintrucking for a ride-along to learn more about the industry and its current driver…
happening now   secnielsen testifies before  judgecarter  usreprodney and the homeland security subcommittee on the…
i commend  ajitpaifcc &  fcc for approving a plan to restore internet freedom  it s the result of an open and trans…
holding press conference in hvc 117 at 3 pm with  marshablackburn  repjimcooper  tulsipress to unveil bill exposing…
  energylawprof   nepa  was once called the  magna carta  of environmental law  congress must help it regain that l…
i don t understand what s so hard about this  white supremacists and neo-nazis are evil and shouldn t be defended 
pleasure to meet with  miamidolphins reps as we discussed the wonderful philanthropic work they do for our so fla c…
rt  nfib_pa   reptommarino working to limit the time it takes smallbiz to get federal permits
good morning mississippi  i ll be joining  paulgalloshow at 7 20am to talk about tax reform & more  listen in 
today this bill has been signed into law  sending a clear message that the united states will not tolerate those wh…
this afternoon  the house passed my bill to fully fund our nation s armed forces at levels recommended by our milit…
rt  foxbusiness    repdesantis on the  congressional accountability and hush fund elimination act    the public clearly wants this done   y…
proud to see illinois become the first in the nation to have this emergency shelter for families facing homelessne…
rt  jecrepublicans  jec s economic update in mid-april  reported that the u s  economy is *still* just ramping up  top takeaway is that o…
i applaud the department of justice s move to hold those who lie on their application to purchase a firearm account…
tahoe restoration act of 2015 moving through house  passed nat resources cmte today 
rt  speakerryan   repkristinoem watch here  live on periscope
wishing my friends and family a happy and blessed easter 
if you are a veteran looking to start a small business  check out this page from the small business administration …
i had the honor of flying with captain o keeffe  and it s with a heavy heart we say godspeed to andy  & the other b…
during today s  financialcmte hearing with secretary of the treasury  stevenmnuchin1  i shared the stories of two k…
barton receives 2017 united states energy award
wishing the  usarmyreserve a very happy 110th birthday  army strong
check out my latest newsletter to read about our work to push forward in the opioid crisis fight and my recent meet…
great to meet w/ yasmina vinci  the exec  dir  of  natlheadstart to discuss how we can work together to improve edu…
america s longstanding policy has been to locate embassies in the host nation s capital city & israel should be no…
i met with dick bridges to deliver 6 medals and badges earned by his father jack s service during wwii  although he…
  repdesantis  for ten years now  pueblo sin fronteras has escorted foreign nationals on an annual trek from centra…
rt  mariodb  thanks  speakerryan for recognizing the significant impact irma had on the sunshine state  let s work together to help  fl  reb…
click here for my full statement on today s vote to keep the government open  ensure children have access to health…
watch my speech in support of the thin blue line act  which allows a jury to consider the death penalty for the mur…
wishing everyone a spooky  fun halloween  
rt  kyaerospace   rajantcorp ribbon cutting with  rephalrogers  leaderadkins and  msuspacescience  come see what is happening in kentucky…
sub d c c p to hold legislative hearing on iot discussion draft next week &gt &gt 
i enjoyed participating in center point s 16th annual mayor s prayer breakfast last week 
thank you to  cancgmpls consul general  pjconnors and  canembusa staff for meeting with me yesterday to discuss…
in cased you missed yesterday s carolina this week  this country has always been known as the land of opportunity…
enjoyed talking w/  timboyumtv earlier today about billy graham & what was a historic day in dc 
i am a proud cosponsor of hr 36 and will be voting for it this week in the house  we must protect the rights of the…
had another great meeting with okc area pastors this morning at mid-america christian university  i am thankful for…
i m saddened to hear the news about first lady barbara bush  she was a remarkable woman who will be greatly missed …
icymi  my weekly newsletter recapping last week in north dakota and washington  d c 
together with  repcuellar  i ve proposed bipartisan legislation to to create a commission tasked with developing r…
today  edworkforce held a hearing with  usdol  secretaryacosta watch my questions from today s hearing 
please join me in praying for the safety of the students  teachers and brave first responders as we continue to lea…
rt  whitehouse  watch the  sotu  live alongside tweets from key trump administration accounts here 
thank you ashley  you and all our military members are true heroes   sotu 
numbers 20 29 when all the congregation saw that aaron had died  all the house of israel wept for aaron thirty days 
check out our latest newsletter  and sign up to receive updates on our work in washington 
with the us economy adding 164 000 jobs  unemployment falls to 3 9 percent which is the lowest it has been since 20…
thank you to students from wing and wilton high schools for stopping by my office to visit while in washington  dc 
rt  jimdemint  like failure to repeal obamacare  gop congress built majority on promise to build a wall but always finds an excuse to fail …
it was great to speak to the participation in government class at addison central school this afternoon  i always w…
it s going to be a busy sept at  housecommerce  recordofsuccess
rt  speakerryan  with historic  pro-growth tax reform now the law of the land  americans all across the country are waking up with a new ta…
  joaquincastrotx and i have introduced the stand with uk against russia violations act to impose sanctions on russ…
rt  patrickmchenry  the vast federal regulatory state costs the american people too much  i voted for the r e v i e w act to limit it  more  ht…
on this day in 1869  the  golden spike  unites east & west  completing the first u s  transcontinental railroad 
met with officials from selma and toured the city s fire station last week  excited for all the growth in the commu…
rt  congculberson  happy national small business week to our nation s 30 million small businesses  entrepreneurs  and innovators  thank you…
updated timeline  yoder secures a major win in 2018 and finally makes crs reports public 
stop 4 of the civility tour at  colsschforgirls with  repbeatty this morning  glad to see more students taking the…
my fourth stop on today s  mo07  manufacturing tour was at heritage oak  llc in sarcoxie missouri  only 4 years-ol…
congrats to ramona native  chrisknierim and his wife  alexa_knierim on winning bronze in the figure skating team ev…
i am proud to be unapologetically pro-life  and i strongly believe that our online platforms must be neutral public…
the incredible  mbseniorhigh may be on my congressional district s coast but it s in the center of excellence  thes…
after introducing the post act   hr5524   to end taxpayer subsidies on inbound packages from china  i discussed this…
the memo detailing  fisa  abuses is incredibly disturbing  the american people deserve transparency  the american pe…
joining  toddstarnes on  foxnewsradio momentarily  tune in
today we remember & honor our soldiers who are pow or mia  p o w m i a recognition day
see my statement on the iran nuclear deal here 
today  the bipartisan leadership of the  transport committee introduced h r  4  the faa reauthorization act of 2018…
rt  sbalist  thank you rep   tomcoleok04 for holding the line to ensure the omnibus does not prop up planned parenthood by forcing obama fa…
i am about to give a washington update on  kwtx news 10 this morning  tune in or watch online
a great look at the way tax reform is already helping people across our district 
i had the great honor of presenting the congressional award to students from palm beach  martin and st  lucie count…
rt  washtimes  linda mcmahon  tax cuts providing optimism to small businesses
it s lit  with today s announcement that its customers would receive  1 2 billion in benefits spurred by the…
thank you to  freedomworks for recognizing me as member of the month  excited to keep working hard for  mn02  on iss…
it was great to speak at the national federation for the blind s annual conference last night about legislative ini…
rt  osuindc  a lot of  ohiostate buckeye pride in dc this am for scarlet & gray breakfast  o-h   boblatta  osuprezdrake go bucks ohio
for more information on participating in the congressional app challenge  visit this website 
rt  housegop  this is the last time you ll have to file your taxes with this out-of-date  no-good tax code  who else is excited to turn the…
president obama has already imposed roughly  75 billion in annual mega rule costs via  aaf
never again will kentuckians be bullied by the federal government with a punitive tax simply because they voluntari…
today is national vietnam veterans day  an important time to honor the sacrifice of those who served in the vietnam…
thank you  southwest washington wildland fire strike team  for joining the efforts to battle the ca wildfires 
me and  secretarysonny are committed to working with stakeholders across the industry to end citrus greening and…
while we are still a long ways away from determining whether this is a temporary thaw or lasting change  the report…
today  i voted to help our schools improve security measures  develop threat assessment and crisis intervention tea…
rt  gasenatepress  the senate is now hearing remarks from  congressmanhice gapol gasenate
please exercise increased caution throughout  oc  this week  especially those near the canyon fire2 burn areas  sig…
three veterans bill just passed by voice - h r  3122  h r  3656  h r  3657  the house will vote on the remaining two vets bills at 6 30 p m 
happy to be in massillon today at the massillon weststark chamber monthly luncheon 
i m working to ensure you and your families receive the full benefits of the tax cuts and jobs act  that s why i am…
just now  the end banking for human traffickers act unanimously passed the house  financialcmte  this bill hits hum…
hr 490 the  heartbeat protection act  will save more black babies than any viable legislation since roe v  wade in…
russia and china are growing their naval presence  to protect us interests around the world  continued investment i…
rt  nascar  this sound  can t beat it   kansasspeedway |  kcm400 
discussed a bill i introduced to fix the agriculture risk coverage  arc  program in the house version of the…
my prayers and heart truly go out to the families of these brave patriots 
thank you  potus for coming to capitol hill to discuss today s monumental vote on h r  1  the tax cuts and jobs act …
on this day 1924  four planes left seattle on the first successful flight around the world  flying100 aviation
we stand with the community of parkland  fl today  my heart is with the victims and families affected by this tragi…
hey  ar3  high school students  do you want your art hung in the  uscapitol  if so  enter the congressional art comp…
great to tour biohorizons global headquarters in hoover  biohorizons designs and manufactures…
rt  housecommerce  e&c announces two full cmte markups on legislation aimed at combating the opioid crisis &gt &gt 
for years  websites like have offered a free   
good luck today to  erinkingsweeney  she will never stop fighting for what she knows is right 
rt  housegop    repjoewilson  americans should keep their hard-earned tax dollars  and it is shocking to hear the other side of the aisle s…
congratulations to  crushersports  boys hockey team for winning the penguin cup  best of luck at state  you ve made…
american workers keep reaping the benefits of tax reform  tax reform works
you can also tune in to our cbp/ice budget hearing live on  cspan s website 
the iranian nuclear deal was crafted behind closed doors  without the approval of congress  this deal  and the resu…
chatting with the one and only  charlesbenson4 for a  tmj4 facebook live
i applaud  vp   admin 4 new sanctions against 3 maduro regime officials   20 connected entities 4 their roles in n…
thankfully  this tax day is the last one under the outdated  broken tax code  your money belongs in your pocket  wh…
for over 100 years americans have said   give me your tired  your poor  your huddled masses yearning to breathe fre…
rt  lifespringinc  we were happy to host  reptrey yesterday at our recently-expanded salem medical office  our senior management spoke wit…
this tax day is the last one you ll be filing with a confusing and burdensome tax code system  this is good news fo…
on this day  we pause to remember the courageous life and legacy of dr  martin luther king  jr  his eloquent words…
talking with  jasensokol now about the stop school violence act  listen live here 
heading to warrensburg this morning to present johnson county leaders with my champion of drug-free missouri award …
 case by case evaluation  means subjective choice of who needs a license  corruption  guns in america
sites reservoir is a critical project for our state  this graphic illustrates exactly why it s so important 
i ll be on  thedanmasonshow live around 3 35 pm pt  6 35 pm et  on  newstalk780koh  tune in here 
enjoyed touring ross design in cement city this week and talking about the importance of michigan manufacturing 
we are creating real time development culture emphasizing frequent  informal  in-the-moment feedback  terrimcclements  pwc_llp g o p future
rt  uschamber  at today s w&m committee hearing  emerson_news  chairman and ceo david farr shared w/ davereichert how lowering the corporat…
rt  gopleader  you deserve the truth  here is why the fisa memo matters ↓
the fight against offshore drilling is as much about federalism as it is about the environment and the economy  loc…
h r  5327  comprehensive opioid recovery centers act  as amended  has passed the full cmte by voice vote
discussing regulatory reform and s  2155 with folks in dc with the ohio bankers league  ohiobankers -- thank you fo…
the bigotry demonstrated in charlottesville does not represent our great nation & must be condemned  prayers to those injured or killed 
rt  housegop    potus  our warriors in afghanistan also have new rules of engagement  along with their heroic afghan partners  our militar…
at 10am et  i will chair a  housecommerce sub health hearing on 20  bills that seek to combat the opioidcrisis  no…
my staff will be in bull shoals tomorrow to host our mobile office at bull shoals city hall  for more information h…
as the new year has started  make sure you are staying up to date with everything going on in washington by signing…
watch  i shared feedback from hoosier businesses affected by steel and aluminum tariffs at a  waysandmeansgop heari…
congrats to lawrenceburg s  nickgoepper on winning a silver medal  team u s a
on internationalwomensday i want to recognize my wonderful wife  four incredible daughters  all of my brilliant fe…
on this day  in 1837  michigan joined the union  happy birthday to our great state  you haven t aged a bit 
rt  robertharding    repjohnkatko unveils two bills to combat human trafficking
thank you   realdonaldtrump  for your support  space corps space force  maga 
  navient  per month  that s an average monthly payment increase of about  60 over what the class of 2000 paid  
i ll be speaking on the house floor in a few minutes about my amendment to the national defense authorization act  ndaa 
i am appalled by mr  burbey s decision to mock yesterday s train crash that resulted in christopher foley s death …
today i led a houston delegation letter urging  fema to support  houstontx creative volunteer match initiative - i…
horrific news from sutherland springs this morning  join me in prayer for the victims and families involved in this tragedy 
my latest op-ed  new in  townhallcom today on why americans should keep every  crumb  of their  realdonaldtrump tax…
congratulations to the winners of this year s congressional art competition  1st place-  the colosseum  by gabriela…
on national ag day we recognize and celebrate american agriculture  i m proud to represent one of the nation s leadi…
how/why are we on brink of shutdown  each year  the congress votes on 12 separate appropriations bills that fund th…
good morning san diego  i ll be on  kusinews this morning at 7 20 am  pst  talking tax cuts  tune in 
rt  housegop  we remember the survivors  we honor those who were killed  we fight against anti-semitism  because every human being is wort…
 tptotpltotprlit  hi_its_kari  dombek13 i would rather u see my point of view than a part of my body
rt  reparrington  today marks the 76th anniversary of the attack on pearl harbor   a date which will live in infamy   may we always remembe…
in honor of the house voting on  nwpaa  today  here s a  tbt  from june 2017 when  housecommerce reported this to the…
soybeans  beef  and aircraft are three of the top five commodities and products kansas farmers  ranchers  and busin…
hr4511 allows immediate family members of vets who died as a result of their wartime service or were mia to provide stories on their behalf
go houston astros  ⚾ world series  astros
2/2 i ve decided to postpone our town hall meeting on saturday 
as the opioid crisis continue to impact sw wa communities  i am thankful for the good work daybreak youth services…
 research points out  12 trillion can be added to gdp by 2025 by advancing women in the workplace  g o p working4 women
rt  jakejakeny  it s not about innocence/guilt  it s about a constructive use of energy in the fight for gun safety  read the column & pay…
📺watch now   waysandmeansgop trade subcommittee hearing on the opioid epidemic and how  unitedstatesps and  cbp are…
this tiger grant and the traffic solutions it provides means more positive economic impact for our region  as well…
rt  wtxfb   conawaytx11 y all are doing a great job today   houseagnews feeding texas feeding america
rt  housecommerce  this afternoon  chairman  repgregwalden had the chance to meet with jordan mclinn and his mother laura who have been tir…
happy 5th birthday   rackspaceoca  i appreciate all y all do to prepare folks to enter the  it  workforce…
wrapping up the day talking with  adamputnam and hearing a great keynote from  secretarysonny we will save our citrus
here s why i believe tax reform will help  cny  families --&gt 
the bureaucracies at fbi and doj have refused to answer basic questions about the origins of the russian counterint…
today  we celebrate the 286th anniversary of the birth of george washington  his courage and conviction gave birth…
coming up on  foxnews - chairman  mactxpress talks critical defense funding in the omnibus - tune in 
 libertea47 e g   making a party in one jurisdiction  state or city  subject to the laws of another jurisdiction  s…
heart disease is the 1 killer in the united states and this month we focus on keeping our heart healthy and reduci…
the resignation of pres simon is just the start of a much needed cleaning up of not only msu  but of of all amateur…
wonderful to see the carver family who came for their tour of the capitol  for your own tour  call angela in my dc…
great meeting with y all 
icymi from the  wsj  the art of a banking compromise - on fixing dodd-frank  the house shouldn t be a potted plant …
 hi_its_kari  indivisibleca48 i am totally open about what i believe  u may disagree with my conclusions  but it is from honest assessment
 bconrady22 looking forward to having you here  call my dc office and we ll set it up  202-225-2132
touched by the well-wishes that  senjohnmccain has been receiving over the past weeks  this american hero is a figh…
rt  foxnews  on  foxandfriends tuesday  rep   jim_jordan said he believes members of the  thejusticedept and  fbi were planning to keep  re…
i applaud  realdonaldtrump for deploying the  nationalguard to aid in protecting our borders  we also need a presen…
keep up the good work  msubearbaseball 
onus should be on iran to fix or nix the nuclear deal  they can either  fix it  correct the sunset provision & veri…
born in reading  pa   taylorswift13 made music history on jan  31  2010 when she became the youngest artist ever to…
 nancyatheart thank you for the honor and all that you do
rt  cathymcmorris  our pro-growth agenda is working→  the labor market is so strong that it s even drawing back in people who ve been out o…
f i s a memo demonstrates individuals within fbi & doj abused their power & public trust  appointing a special counsel…
about to call in to fox news radio for an interview with  kilmeade  be sure to tune in
rt  edworkforce  congratulations   repguthrie 
deeds not words progress
i enjoyed catching up with friends and grabbing a bite to eat at gary s bbq in china grove  🐖
i voted  no  on the omnibus spending bill  republicans came to congress to cut government spending  instead  this b…
i applaud president trump for standing up for the 2nd amendment against attempts by liberals like former supreme co…
rt  speakerryan  perpetrators of sex trafficking have used bad actor websites like backpage to expand their reach  pleased to see legislati…
 daca  statement
2  the tax cuts and jobs act nearly doubled the standard deduction  specifically  the new tax code will increase th…
happy presidents day  everyone 
glad to visit 1886 malt house and learn more about this company and its employees  founded on the former miller bre…
getting close to show time   sls2018 
rt  lwcfcoalition  thanks  congressmanhice for spotlighting great  abpp  conservation at kettle creek battlefield today  protection of this…
today   houseappropsgop has approved the fy19 military construction  veterans affairs appropriations bill on a voic…
read more about the international terror-finance accountability act 
rt  senatorenzi  intro d bill w/  stevedaines &  repryanzinke to give states more say in federal mineral & coal policies 
as we look forward towards a safer and more secure world  president macron and france will be key allies in eradica…
he said seniors are very concerned about privacy & access to medicare  & they are working w/ them as well as provid…
yes  thank you very much   ca08 
i hosted a meeting this morning with the  usgs   caltech and local emergency management officials to discuss how ri…
on floor this am to support the sense act offered by my pennsylvania colleague rep  keithrothfus that promotes cle…
tax filing deadlines are approaching  the  irsnews website contains information about numerous tax filing assistanc…
today  and every day  we thank our vietnam veterans for your service and sacrifice  to all those who never came ho…
 shannonbream  foxnews  foxnewsnight looking forward to discussing nc pastor andrew brunson being unjustly held in…
rt  repbyrne  i m on the house floor managing debate for  rulesreps on the  fy18ndaa   watch here 
i appreciate you guys stopping in to talk more about programs that support healthy lifestyles and our agriculture c…
today we honor the memory of the 6 million jews who were murdered by the nazi regime during the holocaust  we mourn…
today on holocaust remembrance day  i m honored to have holocaust survivor  sonia warshawski  at the u s  capitol t…
this morning   gophelp passed the childhood cancer star act  this is a critical step to better analyze trends in ch…
met with ny & li representatives for the tuberous sclerosis alliance advocating for the tsc community  tsc is a gen…
rt  wjhg_tv  books from the library of congress now have new homes in some bay county schools 
it was so great to see secretary perdue  a fellow  4h member  at the legacy awards dinner last night  he has done s…
it has been a great week at home  in  in09   lots of great meetings w/ constituents in across the district including…
i wasn t on the train in va  flying back home today  praying everyone is ok   waiting anxiously for more news   
as the daughter of a u s  marine  i know the many sacrifices military families make on behalf of our nation  today …
today marks the 230th anniversary of georgia joining the union and becoming the fourth state in our great nation  happy birthday georgia  ️
california has passed a law to force pro-life pregnancy care centers to advertise for abortion clinics  if that sou…
it will also help more work-capable adults rise out of poverty   suelanimadsen in the  spokesmanreview explains why…
hit the ground running this morning  first up  lake conroe summit  then with time to spare before my next event  we…
joe knollenberg was a tremendous public servant for our state  rest in peace 
as womens history month comes to a close   repcurbelo reflected on the special women in his life  today s  wcw   is h…
rt  nasa    vp pence talks of leadership in space at today s national space council meeting saying  america can  and will  accomplish anythi…
rt  sbalinda  small biz  orlandobaking came to america from italy in 1904  utilized the  sbagov 504 loan program to expand their family-bus…
thank you  flotus melania trump and karen pence for visiting the coastal bend  and continuing to show your support…
as north texas grows  our infrastructure needs to grow with us  the president s decision to streamline the permitti…
all the best with your efforts to stay below 3% structural deficits with pro-growth reforms  as you know  the usa w…
 framatomeus with lynchburg s access to a number of other industries  skilled workers  and several excellent educat…
good news   1k bonuses for american and sw airlines workers because of tax law change  plus  fam of 4 in or makin…
rt  justinamash  as early as wednesday  the house plans to vote on a trillion-dollar spending bill—stuffed with all sorts of unrelated meas…
at the  hascrepublicans hearing today  i questioned expert witnesses  army secretary mark esper  navy secretary ric…
rt  njaudubon  lobiondo continues to stand as an environment champion to cape may via  heraldnews
  replukemesser  success in 21century global economy requires access to higher ed that meets needs of today s workforce  g o p future
the tax cutsand jobs act is helping businesses expand and hire new employees  increase wages and bonuses  and drive c…
rt  surgeon_general  we lose someone from an opioid overdoes every 12 5 minutes  with more than half dying at home  this impacts every comm…
here s a shot of seth and i on the house floor 
as a physician  i took an oath to do everything within my abilities to protect the sanctity of life at all stages …
rt  housejudiciary  ensuring the scales of just stay balanced  citizens rights
rt  sbagreatplains  thinking bigger business magazine will feature the visit to jackie foley s firelake construction by  sbalinda and  repk…
piper hs senior alexander falk shadowed my office as part of a project on how congress passes legislation  i was im…
this program would allow service members to take a break from active service to pursue professional or educational…
released waste watch no  7 today  identifying  74 billion in wasted taxpayer dollars  govwaste
  repdennisross  today s witnesses  and the larger ig community they represent  are the people on the front lines o…
rt  benyc  leg staff for the conservative  republicanstudy committee in the house pulled an all-nighter and read the entire 2 232 omnibus s…
american energy dominance will  ✔️create jobs ✔️rebuild our coasts ✔️support energy independence ✔️promote nationa…
this week   hhsgov  rolled out their second installment of state grants to combat the opioid epidemic  ohio is rece…
rt  libnofcongress  we re honoring  itstonybennett with the gershwin prize  last night members of congress and i incl  greggharper gave him…
a great american and one of florida s greatest treasures  novelist patrick d  smith  passed away  thoughts and prayers are with his family
praying for everyone s safety in east texas through the storms 
looking forward to joining  anhqdc today at 12 10et/10 10mt to discuss the  va  and why  now former   secshulkin had…
rt  houseagnews  in this week s farm bill friday   reptrey visits  poehamps farm and emphasizes the importance of getting a farm bill passe…
our interns had a great tour and visit with  mayorbroome at city hall today  thank you for taking the time to disc…
honored to serve the constituents of arkansas  third district   ar3 
tax cutsand jobs act
congratulations to north baltimore s terry wymer who is officiating tonight s n c a a championship title game  keep them honest  terry 
want to learn more about tax reform  text  tax reform  to 50589
rt  houseappropsgop  today  the house will vote on a funding bill that will protect americans by strengthening our borders and better enfor…
ryno is seeing the the sights at the capitol today 
during today s  ndaa  markup  i m offering the 12 carrier act as an amendment  it s critical that our military has th…
it s simple  americans deserve to keep more of their paychecks 
from fort bliss to the west   jbsa_official to the east &  laughlinafb in between   tx23  has a special relationship…
our hearts and prayers go out to all the victims  survivors and family members at today s deadly mass shooting at m…
it is an honor to serve people who serve people  thank you  pianational & a special thanks to  pia_nd for being so…
pay checks will start to increase this month thanks to new withholding tables under the tax cuts and jobs act …
tonight  i voted for the 4th time to fully fund our military  previous efforts to fully fund our brave troops were…
seventy-five years ago today on april 4  1943  fighter pilot ed dyess led the only large-scale prisoner-of-war esca…
this measure is a win-win for nevada both in terms of economic prosperity and conservation 2/2
rt  toddstarnes  big todd starnes show today with  jordansekulow  repmobrooks  hogangidley45 listen live 12p-2p
last week s district work period allowed me to travel all over western  pa  to visit the people & places that help m…
today is national law enforcement appreciation day  a big thank you to the police officers who protect and serve ou…
rt  siemensusa  a great visit from  repjoebarton to our newly-expanded  650-person grand prairie energy manufacturing plant
great meeting with officials from the ritchie  pleasants and doddridge joint day report program to hear about their…
research from nonpartisan tax foundation estimates  2 252 increase in take-home pay for floridians under the tax cu…
at 10am  the subcommittee on economic opportunity will examine how home loan churning practices are affecting veter…
every year families & small businesses are forced to set & live by a budget  46 states are required to have balance…
in a world where threats to our freedom are global  it is imperative that our troops remain the mightiest in the wo…
 jennlagunabeach  kiki_fast  thelittlefella u r free to run against me  if my views don t reflect those of the voters  i will lose 
  repdianeblack in support of historic taxreform   this is truly a monumental day for the american people  
  speakerryan is going to advocate for a topline number for defense as we try to negotiate a 2 year budget deal …
rt  avivezra   we have to understand as a world the future of the world is in large part tied to the future of israel     - repjackbergman…
rt  marchmadness    fullertonhoops with the denial  🚫 march madness
today at 10 a m  ⤵️
  allenwest nails it  i  too  am glad our veterans & founding fathers didn t  take a knee   the nfl is boneheadedly…
conservation reserve program demand is very high--important to negotiate new levels in upcoming farm bill 
did you know that 1 in 8 women will be diagnosed with breast cancer in their lifetime  october is…
rt  speakerboehner  a constitutional conservative s case for trade & tpa4usjobs --&gt   repmcclintock
thanks to second lady karen pence for visiting nebraska   secondlady plane selfie
number of days since the house of representatives sent the senate all twelve appropriations bills funding the gover…
i m working in congress to pass legislation to combat the opioid epidemic  read about one of the bills i m sponsori…
this week is national police week - where we show our appreciation for the brave men and women who put on the blue u…
rt  repcurbelo  every year  americans dread tax day because of our old and complicated tax code  starting next year  americans will be able…
  autismsociety is a great partner in our efforts 2 better assist individuals w/ autism  thank you  ignite4autism f…
wildfires out west are burning millions of acres and blanketing cities in smoke  it s time to pass h r  2862 to fix fire funding problems 
 2/2  this is further proof that international sanctions & america first tactics against the terrorist-sponsoring n…
thanks to  ithacajournal for covering our event at finger lakes community health with  healthitnow  it truly was…
always great to meet students from  oh15   eric  from chillicothe  is a student at  wrightstate & a participant in…
rt  cnnsotu  good morning  today on  cnnsotu  w/  jaketapper   jeffflake   randpaul   lindseygrahamsc   ricksantorum   ninaturner   jrpsaki …
rt  housescience  today  chair  lamarsmithtx21 enjoyed joining  connerbill of  sonicwall  secretary chertoff of the  chertoffgroup  and  so…
i dropped by  abcnews4 earlier this evening and visited w/dean stephens  we discussed a host of issues including th…
judges 16 28 then sampson called to the lord and said   o lord god  please remeber me and please strengthen me just…
honored to preside over the house chamber this evening 
thanks for stopping by the office  glad you were able to sit down with my staff today to discuss the importance of…
  nrlc  caroltobias1 your mission statement supports heartbeat  is your mission statement your position  if so  th…
  sdut editorial board  revival of yucca mountain nuclear waste project overdue
thank you for having us  manufacturing tour
rt  financialcmte  last week  the committee passed 22 largely bipartisan bills to move forward for house consideration  more info ➡️
a big congratulations to boise high school  boisebravesadm for winning their regional event at the national scienc…
this week we celebrate small business week  small businesses employ nearly 48% of private sector employees in the u…
tax cuts resulting in  1000 bonuses to employees  bankofamerica totaling over  145 000 000 due to the tax cuts and…
glad to be able to share my thoughts on the train crash in virginia on  powerlunch earlier this afternoon  my praye…
i intend 2 vote no on tax bill  due 2 pressure of several members like me  bill was improved  but not enough for a…
a typical middle-income family of four in  oh02  will see a tax cut of  2 470  that s hundreds of dollars more than…
small businesses are the backbone of our communities  i m proud to support smallbiz and learn about the products a…
with a booming economy and high consumer confidence under republican tax reform  americans are taking to the skies…
creating jobs and supporting our national security mission  upf is an example of one of the many great things comin…
families and individuals will benefit from the tax cuts and jobs act 
rt  shlomikofman  very special meeting today with  replamalfa   great supporter of the state of israel israel  our security and 🇺🇸 israel…
enjoyed playing hockey with some of our nation s heroes tonight  inspired by  usawarriors  thanks for hosting…
this mental health awareness month  let s pledge to do more to not only encourage individuals to reach out for treat…
icymi  as a result of the tax cuts and jobs act  you will see your utility rates go down  both consumers energy and…
wind chills were 26 below zero here in watersmeet but that couldn t stop us from continuing our tradition of a new…
an open dialogue about how we can help children is good  but as an entertainer   jimmykimmel ignores details & opts…
rt  reparrington  87% of americans  81% of those living in poverty  agree – you should be working to receive benefits  la times/aei poll  …
the movement builds momentum  what started as just a few voices now gains new strength as our house leaders …
the  iowasoybeans stopped by to discuss the upcoming farm bill  infrastructure  the rfs  and trade   ia01 
at today s  hascrepublicans hearing  i asked our witnesses how we can best utilize the culture of innovation at the…
  virginiafoxx and  repwalberg on the senate s confirmation of john ring to the nlrb   john ring has proven himself…
rt  cbs11jeffrey  tornado warning is in effect for van zandt county  for more information  c b s11wx
thanks to the  mssociety and your minnesota members for stopping by to talk about rare disease funding
wherever i go  people express a growing anger over the illegal immigration that is overwhelming our southern border 
griffith statement on house passage of american health care act
 icymi  ➡️  virginiafoxx   making school choice available to more families should be a priority for all of us  
rt  realdonaldtrump  on behalf of the american people  welcome home 
joined  foxbusiness short bit ago to talk more on trade and the ways in which i believe tariffs on aluminum and ste…
i was encouraged by  potus state of the union address last night  read below to see my full statement 
rt  congressionalac  thank you  repmoolenaar for supporting stem and cs education  👨‍💻👩‍💻congress4 c s tech news  stem 
speaking now at important sub health hearing on combating the opioid crisis  tune in here &gt &gt 
i m at  pillartech with  iagovernor and  chuckgrassley to celebrate the opening of a new forge in jefferson  expan…
proud to be on the most active and effective committee on capitol hill  we have a lot to do and it starts with toda…
starting now ➡️  repkaygranger chairs a defense subcommittee hearing on the fy19 budget for the  nationalguard & r…
happy presidents day2018
thanks for your tweet  we must do all we can to protect our homeland  1 job of gov   ca08 
in natural resource hearing with secretary zinke at an oversight hearing titled  policy priorities at the departmen…
yesterday s veterans roundtable was a great opportunity to hear concerns and discuss solutions to the issues our he…
are you a high school student artist  i m pleased to invite all southwest washington high schoolers to participate…
solar company adds jobs after trump tax cuts
from the beginning   potus has led from a position of peace through strength  this win for america – freedom for th…
rt  senshelby  just received news of another excellent judicial nom by  potus - corey maze of montgomery has been nominated to be district…
rt  foxandfriends    repdesantis  the confidential informant who wants to testify on the uranium deal needs to be released from his non-dis…
the claryville volunteer fire department hosted pancake a breakfast on sunday morning  i was happy to attend and th…
i believe this new guidance from  cmsgov is an important step in getting more working-age  non-disabled individuals…
mid-barataria diversion permit finish line moved up to 2020
rt  natresources    flgovscott  puerto rico should get statehood 
hasc hearing under way - watch live
the taxcutsandjobsact nearly doubled the standard deduction  protecting more of your paycheck from taxes and simpl…
bipartisan legislation that i introduced  the fairness for korean dmz veterans act  just passed out of committee  h…
  hurdonthehill  at the end of this series it is my goal to ensure that we have a clear idea of what it takes for t…
🚨attn berks  lebanon  & dauphin counties  mandatory 10-digit dialing for the 717 area code goes into effect sat 
rt  natresources  not only was  anwr  a victory for the people of alaska  all americans will benefit from increased domestic energy producti…
the latest edition of  work week with congressman faso  has been sent to subscribers  read the latest edition here…
in a town that can be both cynical and self-centered  today i witnessed my friend  speakerryan not only talk about…
charter announces it is raising minimum wage to  15 because of tax reform
rt  houseappropsgop  to the victims of hurricane harvey  in your time of greatest need  we will be there for you 
rt  danspehler  statement from rep  toddrokita on nunes memo   this violation of the public trust is unacceptable  i nfocus
rt  housecommerce  live now  sub health convenes markup on h r  5554 and legislation aimed at combating the opioid crisis &gt &gt 
rt  keithrothfus  we need to ensure that americans  personal information is safe and secure  today i oversaw a productive  financialcmte he…
even though i couldn t be there in person  i was excited to join in via skype as the new veteran s lounge at…
  jlhslionroar and jackson memorial high school students really know their stuff  great to meet them today at the…
rt  houseappropsgop  the house appropriations committee is getting our work done on all 12 appropriations bills in record-breaking time  ht…
it s tax day  but here s some good news… next year  tax day won t be so taxing because of tax reform  read how your…
rt  euambus  thank you  judgetedpoe &  usrepkeating for introducing resolution reaffirming the vital importance of the eu-us trade relation…
rt  eastapus  thanks to congressman randy hultgren for taking time to visit with oehs students and  mrvanoehs ap gov t class today  big da…
before 1947  the state of the union address was known as the  annual message   tonight  president trump will delive…
happy easter to all - i hope you are blessed to be spending this day with your family and friends  please pray for…
we must lend a hand to help arkansans and americans go from welfare to work  from dependence to independence  and f…
griffith statement on budget
businesses of all shapes and sizes need sound  commonsense policies in place in order to get off the ground  grow …
rt  repdesantis  happening now → chairing a  gopoversight national security subcommittee hearing examining hurricane recovery efforts in pu…
it was great to attend & speak at the minnesota state building & construction trades council congressional delegati…
we need a solution that gets to 218 in house and 60 in senate before end of year   daca 
rt  houseagnews    conawaytx11  i am pleased that  secretarysonny acted quickly to implement changes to  mpp  so that dairy farmers may eval…
have you followed me on instagram yet  follow me now and don t miss a thing &gt &gt &gt 
praying for our  flotus and wishing her a safe  speedy recovery 
thank you to everyone who participated in the childhood obesity conference this morning  i look forward to continuin…
rt  canshipowners    congressmandan expresses support for great lakes shipping  environmental protection  and critical soo locks 
to trust and respect each other is a two-way street   randcorporationl e task force
rt  ara_bagdasarian  discussing the transformative work of the arc of loudoun  paxtoncampus with  repcomstock  members of the board and sta…
if you or someone you know is interested in learning more about internships with my washington  d c   tifton  or…
it s law enforcement appreciation day  thank you to all who put their lives at risk every day so we can rest easy a…
this morning i had the opportunity to address the  easternlakecty at their legislative breakfast  we discussed a wi…
thank you to  mariodb for visiting fort worth  educating my colleagues on tx12 s priorities is a big part of my job 
rt  foxandfriends    replukemesser talks plan to stop funding sanctuary cities
today i met coach chris wyrick from helias catholic school  a former professional baseball player  chris has been a…
i couldn t agree more 
in today s hearing with sec def mattis  i called on  senatedems to fund defense   watch   set our troops free
 now more than ever  the  deptvetaffairs needs stable and reliable leadership  we ve begun making positive strides…
now  join me on the radio with  hughhewitt  schumer shutdown
farmers are the backbone of our economy  thank you to all farmers in the 7th district who keep food on our tables &…
met with susan geer in ironton regarding military spouse survival benefits  her husband served 24 years   she calle…
president trump is considering a veto of the omnibus & i hope he does veto it  republicans should be using our majo…
in state college attending the 36th annual pro life auction  thank you centre county chapter citizens concerned for human life 
rt  heardonthehill  congressional baseball game preview featuring  randpaul   rodneydavis   stevescalise   repmarkwalker   repjoebarton htt…
this bipartisan bill opens the door for more innovation in workforce development 
my statement for voting no on omnibus 
in education & workforce committee hearing  protecting privacy  promoting policy  evidence-based policymaking & the future of education
icymi  i introduced h res  313  it gives congress much need help fixing america s failing infrastructure  repairact 
rt  libertycaucus  vote alert  hlc statement on house amendment to senate amendment to  hr695   department of defense appropriations act for…
happening now  ways & means health subcommittee hearing 🏥 the opioid crisis  removing barriers to prevent and trea…
here s a quick recap of the work i did during the shutdown 
today  we move forward with a new tax code  one that means new possibilities for people across this country …
getting ready for today s sub oversight hearing on opioid drug distribution  how in heaven s name could distributor…
rt  mariabartiromo  happening now   housebudgetgop  rep_stevewomack  morningsmaria  foxbusiness  secretary mattis was adamant of the s we…
watch  the committee continues its hearing with  uscbo director dr  keith hall  tune in live …
rt  stevewymt  just finished recording an issues and answers with  rephalrogers  it airs monday night at 7 on  wymt 
when we decided to make airports safe from armed terrorists  we installed metal detectors and dramatically increase…
my statement on  potus  decision to send the national guard to our southern border 
as a co-founder of the house prayer caucus  i m grateful the court upheld the humble tradition of beginning each le…
follow ryan  my intern as he takes over my instagram for his last week  intern takeover
rt  al_leiter22   reptommacarthur congressman macarthur thank you for your shout out  i am honored and blessed to be recognized with the ot…
rt  edworkforce    repsmucker  tax reform  reinvests in america & its workforce  if we put our workers & communities on a level playing fie…
  repjohnfaso kicks off this morning s railroads  pipelines  and hazardous materials subcommittee hearing on  ptc… 
congratulations to steve marshall  a 4th district constituent  who is now our new alabama attorney general 
fact  the federal government is accountable to the people  and the people deserve access to the crucial data that t…
statement on field reports that iraqi military units & forces aligned with iranian government preparing for attack…
 erpforidaho  kevinrichert i did watch it  i enjoyed it  it seems like you might be the one politicking 
strong storms are expected in  oh15  and all around ohio tonight  everyone stay safe 
rt  kusinews  president  realdonaldtrump is blocking broadcom s takeover of  qualcomm  today on good morning san diego   rep_hunter shares…
as a member of the house autism caucus  i want to lend my voice as part of the world autism awareness day effort to…
i ll be on the neal larson show  kid 590  at 9 00 am mt to talk f i s a memo  immigration   sotu  & other news of the…
on national farmers day  i join all missourians in sending a heartfelt thank you to our state s farmers  ranchers  and producers 
 lucas contends the money is in better hands when it is in the people s hands  tax day via  mccarvillerept
 steve_rostron i have always said this
rt  bradbessey   tedlieu &  steveknight25 please vote to pass hr 4895  establishing the medgar evers national monument  his commitment to…
congratulations to west michigan native richard grenell on being confirmed as ambassador to germany  germany is a s…
americans spoke loudly and clearly in the 2016 election  they are fed up with our government encouraging a disregar…
appreciated talking with  carahhart about trade and the next farm bill  visit for more resou…
rt  reptomprice  what s good for smallbiz is good for america  that s why our better way plan helps smallbiz & reminder small business sa…
rt  repkinzinger  what better way to spend presidents day than to visit these presidential places in  il16   🏠 boyhood home of reagan in  d… 
we are moving closer to repeal of obamacare in the house  i am heading to rules committee to work to improve the bill 
here is my statement regarding the release of three americans who have been detained in north korea 
sadly  we re now seeing the consequences of this poor policy all over the middle east  including yemen  lebanon  iraq  and syria 
it was an honor to speak to the madison co  business league this morning  & to be presented with the spirit of ente…
i ve requested a  placeholder  for the s b 10 eaa reservoir project in our upcoming  water resources development ac…
i didn t fully appreciate the sacrifices my mother made till cathy and i adopted our two sons and started to experi…
thanks to  flcrna for stopping by to talk about how we can work together to combat the opioid crisis and improve ca…
all missourians  regardless of where they work  are now able to keep more of what they make and send less to uncle…
2  coordinate more with law enforcement stop school violence act
i listened to students from naselle high school today talk about the mock congress they participated in last night…
rt  waysandmeansgop  a lot has changed in the last 20 years since congress had major legislation to overhaul the irs - the irs must change…
if senate democrats vote to shutdown the government  88 531 children in mississippi will lose their chip coverage  …
the house passed 6 public health bills today that originated in  housecommerce committee  i m proud to be a member…
rt  grahamledger  tonight  mueller s methods of madness  president trump s longtime attorney gets caught up in the witch hunt  also  the g…
4  a simpler process next april will bring a lot of relief to the yearly hassle of filing taxes  the new law is de…
great talking w/  cee1983 this afternoon   stem  education is critical to bringing schools  students  and businesses…
flood warning for those between highway 200 and stokes ferry east all the way to east channel drive 
  scotsmanguideed  bill would force cfpb to provide better guidance 
had a nice visit today with kelly morris of ups in my anniston office   al03 
happy persian new year 
former vp dick cheney joined us at last night s national security intelligence forum to discuss vital natsec challe…
rt  robertharding  federal reps ask fema to reconsider cayuga county s flood aid request
the navajo generating station also plays a crucial economic role – especially for native americans  yes to n g s
rt  nfib  today is the first tax day in years that smallbiz have received some good news  compensation is up  sales are strong  & taxes r…
rep  sensenbrenner has held 115 townhall meetings in 2017  new photos from these meetings are up now   wi05 
this morning i joined my house colleagues in honoring and remembering our dear friend and beloved colleague congre…
i m proud to have the privilege of nominating exceptional young  ga10  men & women to attend u s  service academies …
i m grateful for his leadership and will continue to work with him to advance legislation that will improve the lives of new jerseyans 
getting started tonight with a round of constituent meetings on a wide array of issues  looking forward to hearing…
god bless our marines  thank you 
heading to welcome french president  emmanuelmacron before a joint meeting of congress with my guest  sanger mayor …
unemployment is at an 18-year low  wages are climbing  and economic growth remains strong  but employers are strugg…
rt  speakerryan  household names like disney and walmart aren t the only ones sharing the benefits of tax reform with workers  lots of smal…
see you on the  kennedynation show at 8 00  eastern  tonight   usually there s a replay at midnight if you miss th…
rt  sarasotaschools  congrats to barb ranningan  alta vista   es swihart   riverview_hs  dr  terri st  john  shs   and deborah walker  sma …
with the  able  provisions in taxreform  we are giving people with disabilities  like down syndrome  an opportunity…
don t forget our first of two constituent resource and jobs fairs is this fri  3-7pm at charley johns center in s…
helping more people reach their full potential means focusing on their abilities 
1-kathy and i are praying for  stevescalise  staff  and the  capitolpolice that were injured 
it s time for congress to end the stop gap extensions for biodiesel incentives  i called on my colleagues to exten…
deeds not words nowhere shows the power of ideas and america as a force for good better  after fighting 1950-53 to k…
i m saddened to hear of the sudden passing of mp gord brown  gord was deeply committed to the us-canadian relations…
working w/ entire new jersey congressional delegation - dem & gop - in opposition to  interior proposed drilling pl…
many thanks to terry collins for all he has done for the  mets and ny baseball  really great guy 
need a job  good news  according to  business  job openings in the us surged in march  nearly matching the number…
rt  dalejr  happy birthday to the biggest badass that ever drove a racecar  🐐
  robert_aderholt  the bill provides  3 1b to continue addressing critical research issues affecting agriculture  w…
rt  mikeemanuelfox   this is more progress in north korea than we saw during the entire obama administration   replukemesser said   and it …
i added a video to a  youtube playlist iran deal floor speech
just announced  on tuesday  the committee will hold a markup  details 
rt  winamacwarriors  wchs senior  miss courtney kopka  was honored this weekend by congresswoman jackie walorski for her pencil drawing  ma…
serving with  speakerryan in congress has been a true honor  it has been rewarding to work with him to advance tax…
rt  vaofthearts  we ❤️ d c  -  austinscottga08 stressed being  college and career ready  for the future of panda 5th graders   bibbschools…
icymi  chairman  repmccaul discussed today s  househomeland hearing on lessons learned from the boston marathon bom…
private innovation plus safety improvement means more jobs  lower prices at the pump  less taxpayer money wasted on…
tax reform is putting more money in the pockets of oklahomans  giving the u s  economy the jumpstart it needs  and…
rt  housegop  wishing everyone a happy passover  may it be full of happiness  peace  and prosperity 
watch our town hall in hueytown live on my facebook page right now 
rt  speakerryan  here s what today s vote funds  ✔ biggest pay raise for our troops in 8 years ✔ military equipment  as requested by sec  m…
rt  theijr  listen to the new podcast  insessionijr  featuring an interview with  ryanzinke on his new book  american commander 
it was great visiting and talking to  alfafarmers agriculture leaders for alabama  agriculture is one of alabama s…
rt  libnofcongress  touring the wonderful  waylibrary in perrysburg  ohio with rep   boblatta today 
congratulations to major general stephen fogarty on his confirmation as the army cyber command s next commander  as…
rt  repdonbacon  tune in   househomeland will markup my bill  h r  5079  the dhs field engagement accountability act  at 10 30am est  watch…
rt  foxnewssunday  sunday  chris speaks exclusively with house freedom caucus member rep   jim_jordan   fns 
eastern north carolina shrimp is the best  and i m proud to help level the playing field for our shrimpers just in…
presented law enforcement officers from my district with awards last night thinblueline they deserve our gratitude…
rt  housejudiciary  the federal bureau of prisons and u s  marshals service are vital components of the  thejusticedept   tgowdysc gaveling…
i begin this morning by saying a prayer for the healthy and quick recovery of my friend   stevescalise  your contin…
thanks to mayor voelker  the city council  and the city of richardson staff for making richardson a clean  safe  vi…
today  the treasury department announced the largest sanctions yet against pyongyang for their illicit nuclear prog…
rt  larryoconnor    replouiegohmert stands by  epascottpruitt and so should  realdonaldtrump 
rt  justinamash  … raul_labrador- repblumenauer- reprokhanna- repbetoorourke- keithellison- toddrokita- farenthold- repmarkpocan- repraulgr…
i m praying for all of those impacted by the evil events in las vegas last night 
encouraged to see senate progress on s  2155 to provide regulatory relief to community financial institutions  incl…
tune in  i m joining  varneyco on  foxbusiness to talk health care 
we are now considering h r  5685  medicare opioid safety education act  find all bills from today s full cmte mark…
watching chairman shuster s opening statement  cspan
rt  edworkforce   icymi  ➡️  virginiafoxx   making school choice available to more families should be a priority for all of us  
the early hearing detection and intervention act has passed the house  read more 
the tax cutsand jobs act is delivering real tax relief to small business owners  it s empowering them to knock down w…
rt  morningsmaria  pelosi channels mlk to slam failed balanced budget amendment w/  reprwilliams
tomorrow at 10am  we will hold a full committee markup in room 2167 rayburn  watch live 
while she may no longer be here with us on earth  we can be certain she is with our heavenly father – her memory wi…
 it s not their fault there s a political  state  line   herrera beutler said of pacific co  residents traveling to…
i was honored to welcome  potus to hialeah this afternoon to continue the conversation on tax reform and discuss t…
rt  housescience  space subcommittee vice chairman  repmobrooks  h r  5345  the american leadership in space technology and advanced rocket…
rt  arforestrycomm  state forester joe fox &  repwesterman are known among agriculture & conservation agencies in ar and across the nation…
60% say  daca  beneficiaries should not be given preference to bring their relatives to the us  the securing america…
great to see  rep_stevewomack chairing  housebudgetgop in our important oversight role-- have to make sure govt spe…
rt  rxsummit    rephalrogers  you helped elevate the common knowledge of this problem to the point that politically in congress  we re able…
proud of these alabama companies 
we voted to double the standard deduction  which 73% of ohioans use   increase child tax credit  cut rates for amer…
icymi—over the weekend i joined  anhqdc to discuss the importance of ending the defense sequester & fully equipping…
congrats  preedgolf on earning the green jacket   themasters
thanks tom - excited to get to work 
i joined 237 of my colleagues in the house as a cosponsor of the dog and cat meat prohibition act  this bill helps…
rt  repgoodlatte  i ve heard from parents/guardians in va who ve been forced to move loved ones w/ intellectual disabilities into new facil…
rt  reparrington  under  potus  we have cut taxes across the board and have seen economic growth greater than anticipated - now is time to…
 2/2  during the convo  you can choose the most convenient way to participate  to receive a phone call during the e…
it s imperative that congress close this and other dangerous loopholes as quickly as possible  i continue to work w…
i m calling on two house committees to investigate charities claiming to assist veterans  but doing very little if…
giving a legislative update to the michigan credit union league chapter breakfast in kalamazoo this morning   mi06 
this is a simple step that will have a profound impact  this is also a common-sense solution that goes beyond the d…
congratulations to  kaycolesjames on being named  heritage s next president  thank you  edfeulner for your leadersh…
visiting with foster grandparents in uhrichsville at eastpoint ave elem  school  volunteers work w/ children to hel…
rt  irelandsanfran  to end our montana a-z we were delighted that congressman ryan zinke joined the ambassador at the irish studies confer…
rt  usnavy  happy 242 navy bday  🎂🎈 rt to celebrate america s seapower to protect and promote  🇺🇸⚓
rt  jakesherman  new york rep  lee zeldin also in israel for the embassy opening  per this photo
rt  houseforeign  ethiopian gov t should quickly follow through on commitments to release political prisoners & close prison camp notorious…
rt  erlc  today  the house of representatives will vote on h r  1865  allow states and victims to fight online sex trafficking act of 2017 …
great to be in imperial  tx this week to meet with the bright students at buena vista isd  as a proud aggie  you…
house science committee approves posey-bonamici bipartisan amendment clearing algal bloom research b    politics
list of galveston county shelters ↓ via  galvnews
as womens history month comes to a close   repcurbelo has been reflecting on the lessons he s learned from the speci…
rt  foxnews    reppittenger on iran protests   it makes a difference when america speaks out  
rt  foxbusiness    tgowdysc   you just need the doj to do what your tax dollars are already paying them to do  which is to investigate fede…
saw a report that everyone was evacuated  but emergency crews have a long night ahead  keep them in mind tonight as…
president trump is ready to bring our immigration system into the 21st century 
a certain irony exists today  we are more interconnected than ever  yet farther apart  fake social media communit…
obama s executive gun control will infringe on the  2a  rights of law-abiding americans tcot
rt  apsb_official  ascension public schools to hold school and release early on tuesday  jan  16  2018 
and we re live  ready for a full day of  fy19ndaa  watch here 
last night we recognized an extraordinary public servant  ashburn_legion  kristin weaver served as a volunteer vete…
on saturday  april 28  you can dispose of your excess prescription pills at the hermiston police department as part…
people should receive their mail in a timely manner and when its damaged – or not delivered at all – that s unaccep…
rt  repbyrne  our reform bill has been a truly bipartisan effort and an example of how congress should work  thanks to  repspeier   greggha…
stay updated with how tax reform is helping american workers & businesses by texting  tax reform  to 50589 
my thoughts and prayers are with the victims and loved ones of this morning s tragic shooting in orlando
rep  posey s statement on blue origin coming to the space coast
thank you to the  peregrinefund for the recognition and warm welcome  it has been a privilege of mine to support p…
 dr_fred_davies  ceidotorg  freedomworks i m not so sure the federal government has the tools and knowledge to get…
welcome back  whip scalise 
rt  robertharding    repjohnkatko   repjohnfaso and  reptenney urging feds to reconsider rejection of storm aid for cayuga  upstate countie…
the house did its job to fund the government and reauthorize  chip  for six years  senate dems playing politics & ri…
 i m very pleased the memo was released and the american people can see for themselves the troubling facts it outli…
posey salutes wwii veterans on 70th anniversary of d-day invasion  politics
congress needs to get our work done and the senate needs to confirm the backlog of trump nominees to key positions …
as threats continue to increase across the globe it s vital our troops are ready to confront them  that s why i vot…
  usrepgarypalmer  •the supplemental nutrition assistance program – known as snap – offers assistance to millions…
rt  housecommerce  icymi  sub health chairman  michaelcburgess leads special order on the house floor on the opioid crisis &gt &gt 
at 3 pm the committee will meet on the fy2018 budget resolution  watch the hearing live here --&gt 
&gt &gt  breaking &lt &lt  appropriations committee releases fy 2019 energy and water appropriations bill
we need to focus on the facts  the facts are the american people have had enough of the  more tax  more regulation  government  tax refom
rt  edworkforce  watch  congressmangt talk about opioid solutions on the house floor ⤵️
rt  rollcall  house administration chair candice miller & ranking member bob brady are at the dais recording speaker vote
coming up on  newsradiowjpf at 7 20a this morning  listen live on am 1340 or
thank you to the national guard association of indiana for inviting me to share a few words at your annual dinner l…
congratulations to rock ridge elementary school in wilson for being named as a 2015   
it was great to catch up with  dougburgum at main street n d in bismarck to discuss issues facing north dakota 
as we honor martin luther king  jr   let s remember the timeless and transformative legacy he left and the inspirin…
rt  househomeland  watch  chairman  repmccaul talks law enforcement response to austin bombing investigation with  marthamaccallum on  foxn…
praying for the  sdjfnc team  their organization is all about hope and providing refuge for those in need of a safe…
schumer shutdown - senate democrats have the balance of power here and should use it to support chip and govt fundi…
 libnofcongress and i had the joy of reading the book  the rainbow fish  to 13 1st-2nd grade deaf students from th…
yesterday i voted to strengthen the visa waiver program & keep terrorists from coming to us  big bipartisan vote--&gt 
got power  if the answer is yes  then be sure to thank a lineman today on national lineman appreciation day  thank y…
i stopped by  newsok earlier this week to catch up with  _davemorris  i discussed my recent fact finding mission to…
rt  drummondreed  at fed i d conference  congressman david schweikert  repdavid opens his talk on blockchain identity with case for portab…
2nd district residents  to attend academy day 2016 on 8/25 and learn about u s  service academies  visit this site 
homeland border security
thank you for coming by to discuss ohio ag and the upcoming farm bill 
joining  wayneroot on  790talknow at 7 30 pm et  4 30 pm pt  to discuss my visit to nv following last week s tragedy
happy birthday to my colleagues from ny   repjohnkatko  and co   reptipton 
with government s education approach for the last five decades falling well below even the most reasonable expectat…
director  what exactly is a sovereign nation supposed to do when their borders are attacked  israel has the right t…
last night  i voted to keep the government open & extend child health insurance for 6 years for 211 kids in wallowa…
rt  speakerryan  today  more than five decades after the reunification of jerusalem  this holy city will be home to our embassy  this is co…
i join  uarkansas and  johnboozman in announcing crucial funding for sefor  i am pleased  energy has committed the…
happy minnesota day  on this date in 1858  we were admitted as the 32nd u s  state 
tune in  joining  treypaultv on carolina this week today at 11 am 
 repdonbeyer
the v a m i s s i o n act is on the house floor today  let s get this bill to the president s desk and make sure our vetera…
sometimes the reward outweighs the risk  especially in the business world  this week  our negotiator-in-chief broug…
from skyrocketing premiums to a lack of insurer participation  oklahoma has been a case study in obamacare s failur…
thank you for your concern- i was not on the train involved in the accident today  i am praying for everyone involv…
 oriolesupt both are incredibly talented young artists  well done 
rt  officialsps  motivation monday  sps teachers  secretaries  coaches  cafeteria managers  counselors  nurses  school police officers and…
 today  after reviewing a classified memo from the house intelligence committee  i join several of my colleagues in…
yesterday  i hosted the annual congressional art competition reception for florida s 25th district  83 pieces of or…
proud to vote for a pay raise for our military service members today 
right now ↓  financialcmte is questioning acting  cfpbdirector mick mulvaney on the 2018 semi-annual report of the…
thank you to all who attended last evening s town hall in watford city  we had a great discussion on the issues fac…
reminder  every democrat in the house & senate voted against these jobs created by the tax cuts & jobs act 
enjoyed speaking with  chrissalcedotx on houston s  ksev700 radio yesterday  discussed  potus s proposed tariffs…
rt  westerncaucus  now  wc members issue statement applauding  epascottpruitt s forthcoming rule to scrap obama clean power plan  read  htt…
happy presidents day2018
this morning i met with some very impressive students from  smfschools  stow_deca who are this year s oh14 particip…
small businesses are benefiting from tax relief  on this small business week i was joined by small business owners i…
christ on the cross for our sin  it is finished  john 19 30  father  into thy hands i commend by spirit  luke 23 46
rt  speakerryan  it s time to check your check  starting this month  90% of americans will see bigger paychecks as a result of the tax cuts…
rt  baylor  a finals season surprise from president livingstone  free breakfast tacos  🌮 sic finals taco tuesday
it is with gratitude & admiration that we remember the sacrifices made by all those who fought for our country in w…
rt  housevetaffairs  icymi  chairman roe joined  hlntv to discuss a recent gao report that revealed va failed to report negligent doctors …
discussion about the future of healthcare with  ffweekend  thank you for having me on this morning 
salmon  steelhead fishermen  are u worried about sea lions eating endangered fish  this is a growing problem in the…
it was a great trip out to dillingham to visit with  bristolbaytoday  we saw and discussed their many…
putnam county residents - please see below for an update from your putnam county emergency management office 
billy graham s ministry will live on  his legacy has impacted the world as we know it  fox news
 magmclean1118  thelittlefella ur vulgarity & ur opinions obviously don t reflect the majority of my constituents in huntington beach
pick up a copy of  usatoday tomorrow   lakeareatech will be featured as part of the paper s women in skilled trades…
between now and march 23  it is incumbent upon us to continue vigorously negotiating in favor of trade agreements t…
enjoyed meeting with  target employees in camillus  as a direct result of the tax cuts and jobs act  target raised…
stopped by  nasa_marshall today to see completed flight hardware for the  nasa_sls – great to see my friend center…
congratulations to hill douglas of winston-salem who received  theaward gold medal this week at a ceremony in washi…
today  the house armed services committee is working on the  ndaa  for fy2019  for 57 years  the ndaa has been the p…
rt  housesmallbiz  breaking  chairman  repstevechabot hails passage of 7 key bipartisan small business bills
barbara bush served with distinction as the matriarch of a family with an extraordinary record of public service  m…
it s time for democrats to stop playing politics  it s time to confirm pompeo  my discussion with  mariabartiromo 👇
 _beeeeebo if u request will send u list of families who lost loved ones in islamic massacres of americans in florida & cal  tell them
rt  henryjess3  chs speaks  civicparticipationmatters studentvoicesmatter whyiteach
rep  sensenbrenner will be on  newstalk1130  danodonnellshow this am at 10 30 ct/ 11 30 et  you can listen live at
i m very happy to share my annual christmas message to all of my constituents in western  pa   god bless each of yo…
 2checklater are u seriously a dog named kaydub  you just never know with twitter  do u  sassywithmassie
rt  robertharding  inbox  the manufacturers association of cny backs the house tax plan  statement mentions  repjohnkatko s conversations w…
please join me in remembering all of those who lost their lives in the attack at pearl harbor  the greatest generat…
i asked elizabeth curda w/ gao what it means for social security to be in violation of the vacancies reform act 
merit merit wednesday  freedomworks
well deserved  maria  my staff and i have enjoyed working with you over the years  your commitment to helping  sfl… 
great having a large group of students from trinity christian school in washington today for a tour of the capitol 
today at 10 00 am → i ll be joining  mariabartiromo on  sundayfutures to discuss the russia investigation and more  tune in 
at 10 00 am est i will be chairing a house veterans  affairs subcommittee on health hearing on the va s caregiver program  veterans
on national astronaut day  i d like to thank ok s own gen  tom stafford  he s logged more than 507 hrs in space  pro…
yesterday i met with mr  james woodward  facilities manager for the nc state veterans homes and cemetery programs …
gabe pressman was a true media giant and wonderful man  proud to call him friend  thoughts and prayers with vera and family 
hoosiers – i just walked off the house floor after voting in support of a balanced budget amendment to the u s  con…
happy 70th birthday to the  airforcereserve  thank you to all who serve  especially those from  fl26  at…
what a team  what a series  get out the broom  🏀
yesterday i joined  donaldnorcross for a roundtable to roll out the g r o w plan  upcoming legislation that will ensur…
changes to the dairy margin protection program were desperately needed and i am encouraged by the new improvements …
 kim_zep as election cycle just ended  when at numerous community events & my views well known  4 next few months i focus on doing the job
i released the following statement after president trump announced that the u s  would leave the iran nuclear deal …
 replukemesser talked w/  foxbusiness about steps congress will take to overturn obama regs & simplify tax code
my statement on  potus  announcement to end u s  participation in the obama administration s flawed  iran deal   i…
by getting our economy moving  creating jobs  and reforming the tax code  we can keep this momentum going and sprea…
rt  healthylakes  thanks for standing up for the greatlakes and  glri   repwalberg  we re looking to our members of congress to step up and…
with nearly 500 facilities and over 27 000 employees in texas  this is great news for our economy   tax reform is…
this is a serene garden at goshen valley boys ranch in waleska  georgia  as we celebrate foster care awareness month …
under  potus  realdonaldtrump  americans are seeing more jobs  bigger paychecks  and a growing u s  economy 
rt  reprickallen  icymi  check out the article below to see my thoughts on the agriculture and nutrition act of 2018 
i always enjoy visits to  ugatifton and getting to see the great ag research our universities put forth  thanks for…
update from brevard - mather s bridge closed to boat traffic
  brazoriacounty -evacuation shelter is now open at angleton school district  1900 n  downing  angleton  tx 77515  bring driver s license/id
backpage has been taken down  more information coming from  thejusticedept shortly  end human trafficking
50 years ago today one of our country s greatest leaders was senselessly taken from us  we must all continue to wor…
rt  housegop  the tax cutsand jobs act brings another win for the american people →  americanair and  southwestair employees getting a  1 000…
it s been an incredible last few days introducing dr  robert ballard  discoverer of the titanic  to 300  houston st…
rt  repmiketurner  during my  hasc  tacairland nearly 2 hour hearing with  nikiinthehouse   usnavy failed to mention this physiological epis…
griffith votes to protect medicare
please keep the family of corp  dale hallman in your prayers  this is a terrible tragedy  and a sad reminder of ho…
during police week2018  we honor the lives lost and recognize the sacrifices those who serve make each and every da…
our soldiers at  forthood and across the nation deserve it  payraise
 jasonwhoyt it s needed b/c of the johnson amendment which restricts 1st amendment freedoms and recent irs targetin…
today  the house passed h r  3053  the nuclear waste policy amendments act  this legislation would affect the spent…
april is child abuse prevention month here are some resources for help in fort bend county to strengthen families & p…
rt  whitehouse   last year  i also pledged that we would work with our allies to extinguish isis from the face of the earth    we will cont…
members of my staff will be present at harrison county s annual stand down tomorrow at lincoln hills christian church from 10a to 2p 
the opioid epidemic is growing & destroying our communities  in wa  the number of opioid-related deaths is surpassi…
rt  wsjopinion  tax reform is working  sen  rubio  writes  reperikpaulsen via  wsjopinion
praying for all the victims  their families and the first responders of the shooting in las vegas 
rep  sensenbrenner  ending fisa s sunset provisions is not a risk worth taking via  thehill
today house  waysandmeansgop approved my moving americans privacy protection act  h r  4403  to protect u s  citize…
to all of the men and women in uniform who paid the ultimate price for our freedom - today we remember and honor you 
rural infrastructure investments are vital to many of my constituents in  ga12  thanks to  secretarysonny for highl…
rt  jessicadomel   mactxpress gives an update on red river legislation during meeting with  texasfarmbureau members 
i have long opposed drilling off florida s gulf coast and have expressed my opposition to secretary zinke  we must…
my statement on the passing of former first lady barbara bush 
missourians deserve better than a complicated and outdated tax code  thankfully  we fixed it  next year  hardworkin…
this year the names of 360 officers will be added to the national law enforcement officers memorial  including offi…
enjoyed spending time with the students from e b  morse elementary today  thank you for visiting with me in dc 
icymi  last week  i testified in support of my bill  the veterans dog training therapy act 
tomorrow is tax day which means it s the last time you have to file your taxes using the outdated  burdensome and c…
on thursday  january 18 at 10 30 am the committee will hold a hearing on article i  effective oversight and the power of the purse 
rt  heardonthehill  meet pablo  a 1 year old french bulldog in  repmimiwalters  office  he has become a celebrity on capitol hill but the l…
absolutely tragic murders at marjory stoneman douglas high school in parkland  fl  action must be taken  my thought…
i m sorry to hear about the loss of  louiseslaughter  for 32 years  she served our nation with dedication and pride…
congressman leonard lance today was ranked one of the most bipartisan lawmakers in congress by  thelugarcenter and…
rt  speakerryan  small biz are the backbone of our economy and we finally have a new tax code that promotes this entrepreneurship  tax refo…
rt  repdianeblack  icymi  107 of my colleagues joined my letter to  speakerryan   gopleader &  stevescalise urging them to do everything in…
remembering the victims and heroes of 9-11 today in a ceremony on the capitol steps
the men and women of mi01 sent me to washington  d c   to represent them and today i will deliver on my promise to…
  agscottpruitt s hearing performance proves he s ready to refocus epa on enforcing the law  not political agendas…
sad news to start the day  my prayers go out to the  capitolpolice officers  my colleague  stevescalise and staffer…
today we passed h r  647  the  achieving a better life experience  able  act  
more than 115 americans die every day after overdosing on opioids  that s more than 40 000 parents  siblings  child…
reminder  tomorrow morning is the north texas us service academies forum at the mansfield isd center for the perfor…
tax day is a stressful – & dreaded – day  but this year there is optimism because this is the last time taxpayers w…
rt  desjarlaistn04  sorry to disappoint poverty-peddlers  but millions are leaving food stamps for jobs in a growing economy
the house tax reform plan would help expand north carolina s economy 
this agreement makes investments into vital aircraft including  ✔️joint strike fighters ✔️super hornets ✔️apaches…
i m proud to support the american l a w s act which eliminates all chain migration and puts an end to the visa lottery…
 ca04  townhall this week  o neals  thur oct 19 6 00 pm  minarets high school gym  45077 n fork rd 
 jessicasavagecc congratulations 
today i voted yes on  game-changing  tax reform legislation that finally puts what s best for people – not governme…
never know what you re going to discuss when you join  tbcfirstlook w/  the_scott_cox  tune in now to find out ➡️…
awesome  minnesota students are among those receiving a donation of  29 million in cryptocurrency to pay off all c…
tomorrow at 7 00pm  senator tim scott and i will kick off our book tour at  bookendsnj  for more information or to…
 measurements give us a common language for the performance of materials and help us have confidence in them  which…
of coarse he hasn t betrayed america  stolen 700 000 classified docs or endangered own troops  does this disqualify him from harvard fellow 
blockchain represents the very best of america  confidence  leadership  entrepreneurship & innovation  for governme…
last week  senator  royblunt shared his support for  fosta  and encouraged his colleagues to join our fight to…
tomorrow  trailhead direct is starting service to the issaquah alps for the summer  for residents of seattle  belle…
icymi   i joined  cspan s  cspanwj to discuss the rising military tensions over n korea  s nuclear weapons program 
 repgoodlatte is working hard to pass the a g act - an act that fuels our economy and keeps food affordable …
  secretaryzinke s plan to reorganize  interior for the next 💯 years to better serve the people and lands it overse…
my weekly email newsletter is a great way to stay updated on my work on behalf of  ga08   you can sign up for my ema…
great to meet with the oregon state fire fighters council today to discuss improving fire fighter health and making…
happy national puppy day from our team hurd pups george  walker texas ranger  tess  gracie and maya 
 repgoodlatte  i have long argued that the obama administration abused its executive power in creating daca and oth…
rt  uf  happy birthday  florida 
tonight  i will be holding a conference call with your congressman tonight at 6 p m  cst to discuss fema and disast…
rt  cnsnews  former nato commander  russia wages social media war against fracking  oil pipelines via  cnsnews  mac…
in 2017 nevadans in 10 counties  7 in  nv02   will have just 1 choice  it s unfair for them pay a penalty bc of obama s failed law  3/3 
opportunity zones are a major component of the tax reform legislation passed late last year  this will drive invest…
this afternoon at 3 pm the committee will meet on the senate amendment to the fy 2018 budget  watch live here 
madam candelaria is a rumored alamo survivor  nursing the ailing jim bowie  the mother of four who raised twenty-t…
rt  justinamash  if you re wondering who voted yes and who voted no on the disastrous omnibus bill  here are the roll calls  house 
some winter storm grayson reading material   
icymi  this week  i supported a series of irs reforms to combat identity theft  scams  and fraud  read more about t…
enjoyed speaking with members of the riverside county building industry association today about tax reform and infr…
some incredible scientific research happens in  tx23  each day at  utaustin s  mcdonaldobs in fort davis  learn more…
rt  p21learning  special thanks to 21st century skills caucus co-chairs  repryancostello and  daveloebsack for introducing h res  841 honor…
today  i joined gov   henrymcmaster   and others  in fairfield county at a press conference announcing areas of sc…
how are you going to use your tax savings   my wife and i just enrolled our son in pre-k next year  the additional…
rt  davereichert  on day two of the trip  our delegation has continued to have encouraging and productive meetings with officials from all…
  potus   our massive tax cuts provide tremendous relief for the middle class and small businesses    sotu 
rt  waysandmeansgop   our first two hearings brought to light two realities  good jobs are plentiful and workers are available to fill them…
our goal is to interrupt the multi-generational traps of poverty  government should empower people to achieve their…
great meeting with the jefferson county farm bureau in madras yesterday  thank you to all who joined the meeting fo…
chairman  rep_stevewomack on  uscbo s annual budget and economic outlook  which was just released this afternoon …
wishing everyone a happy and safe new year 
we must continue fighting drug abuse at every level  using every available resource  learn more here …
confirms what we ve been saying all along  the tax cutsand jobs act means more money in your pocket 
i m disappointed in the sentence and do not think such a light sentence reflects the gravity of bergdahl s conduct 
south jersey is home to 4th largest fishing port  our tourism industry is not about sun tans …
thank you for your thoughts and prayers today  desiree and i thank god again for his divine protection  praying for…
the american people expect us to work together  to put the needs of our country above petty partisanship and above…
it s a beautiful day in western ny to work on bipartisan issues with my friend   repbrianhiggins
rt  stevescalise  american workers have received over  3 billion in bonuses so far from over 300 companies thanks to the tax cuts and jobs…
i am pleased that south & north korea made progress to ease their tensions & agreed to end their decades of conflic…
i m proud to sponsor the justice served act  which provides resources to prosecute criminals identified by dna evid…
what an honor to present the family of wwii hero donald veile with his bronze star  second wave at omaha beach 
release  up residents making their voices heard on rate increases energy
rt  housegop  a new tax code deserves a new irs  so that s exactly what we re doing  taxpayer first
the house just passed my bill  the hire vets act  too many of our veterans are still struggling to find employment …
this week we honor brave men & women in law enforcement & the many sacrifices given to serve our communities & prot…
  nasainsight is headed for mars after launching from california on a  ulalaunch atlas v rocket  congrats to ula em…
 icymi  ➡️ three things you may have missed on the  prosper  act
check out the latest news from  oh12  
rt  wacoisd  congratulations to these  wacoisd students who are advancing to national history day  sarah schlappe benja ryan burnias michae…
it was a true honor to join the  alzassociation and usps at their celebration event yesterday where they formally i…
icymi  read my joint op-ed with  repannwagner on the landmark  fosta  law 
rt  westerncaucus    publicpowerorg   nrecanews   westerncaucus & 59 members of congress call on  housebudgetgop to reject misguided budget…
rt  ababankers  tonight the house passed two aba-advocated bills  thank you  reptipton for sponsoring h r  1457  the mobile act of 2017  th…
 otd   u s  cuts deal to buy alaska from russia  march 30  1867
grassley-graham memo on christopher steele possibly misleading the fbi on discredited dossier 
let s pass the tax cuts and jobs act  h r  1  the house will be delivering on our promise this…
loved being w/ you all this am for  ast_info s transplant patient summit  keep up the good work in advocating for or…
presenting 12 central valley vets interviews to  libnofcongress for veterans history project tomorrow  more info at 
it was a pleasure joining you this morning  always appreciate a good discussion 
rt  saishopkins  tmrw 3/6  join us for a discussion with  reprokhanna and  repwalterjones on bipartisan cooperation in american foreign pol…
one month ago  the house passed my bipartisan legislation nearly unanimously  here s the  newsandtribune s coverage 
starting next year  you will be able to file under the new tax law  which means more money in your pocket – all wit…
  thejusticedept will investigate and prosecute people lining their pockets by contributing to the opioid epidemic 
today kicks off national parks week  that means no entrance fees at any national park including l a05 s own poverty…
met w/ local reps  of national association of towns and townships this week  attendees from monroe  jefferson  musk…
rt  housecommerce  live now  sub energy convenes hearing on  state of the nation s energy infrastructure   &gt &gt 
due to inclement weather  our corpus christi and victoria offices are closed for the rest of the afternoon  if you…
yesterday  on national ag day  i had the pleasure of meeting with members of the  ksfarmbureau who live in the third…
rt  repkinzinger  the tax cutsand jobs act is designed to help everyday americans give back to their communities by continuing the deduction…
rt  acufforjustice    repmarkwalker notes that when looking at the criminal justice system  there is both a family component and a fiscal c…
proud to announce that 450 new jobs are coming to the bootheel  rural america is open for business  and folks in…
today i cosponsored the stop school violence act which provides funding to train students  teachers  school officia…
more exciting news out of  airbus in mobile  their engineering team helped redesign the new interior of  jetblue s…
zika fears realized in florida  house gop acted to prevent crisis  dems inaction  inexcusable  time to put politics aside & work together 
i am extremely honored to have joy asuncion  a 20-year service veteran  retired u s  navy senior chief  and belfast…
rt  jimlangevin  people with disabilities still face barriers to air travel  so i m pleased that the  faa  reauthorization includes a bill…
look who is getting married   congratulations to kyle and kassidy and we are so happy for you …
next tuesday  february 13th at 6 45pm cst  i ll be holding a telephone town hall for  ok2   oklahomans can dial 877-2…
today i joined  via facetime  nj citizens rallying in hamilton against the administration s offshore drilling propo…
ca summer meal coalition has partnered w/libraries to offer meals & edu  rec  to kids during summer  enjoyed readin…
doj leadership has obstructed congressional oversight for long enough   jim_jordan  repdesantis and i asked potus t…
rt  hpepaul  on holocaust remembrance day i think about my late grandfather  who helped liberate two camps as part of advancing american arm…
a  fbf  for this good friday morning  proudly welcomed pastor meyers of roscoe  il16  to the  uscapitol last week whe…
tax reform  good for families  good for jobs
politicians who obstruct federal immigration enforcement efforts & purposely release criminal aliens back onto stre…
tune in today at 2 00 pm est while i chair the terrorism & illicit finance subcommittee hearing on the financing of…
thanks for tweeting questions  i m holding another twitter q&a tomorrow  ask me anything using ask buddy  i look forward to your questions 
chairman  usreprodney  chairman  repkevinyoder made it a priority to keep this budget tight - rejecting waste  bols…
busy morning at the gold dome  great seeing so many of our state legislators and touring the veterans memorial buil…
happy independence day and god bless america 
rt  housebudgetgop    reparrington talks budget process reform in our latest edition of h b c member spotlight 
icymi  great read from  cnbc on how the tax cutsand jobs act is increasing optimism in small businesses  creating rec…
america first  regulations last  the trump admin is repealing regs at a rate of 22 1  more than 1 500 regs have be…
rt  nikiinthehouse  continuing our successful partnership over the years   repmiketurner i introduced the p e r s i s t against m s t act  an imp bip…
rt  flamediaqueen   repgusbilirakis thank you for your help sir  you helped save the lives of your constituents  i will always remember tha…
our immigration system is broken  we need to build the wall  and secure our southern border  enough is enough 
con la temporada de huracanes cerca  asegúrese que su hogar esté preparado  consulte estos consejos de mitigación d…
pete with ak industries in plymouth stopped by to share how this family-owned local business is working toward grea…
the house is currently debating a bill to rename two facilities in lexington  kentucky after two american heroes wh…
so honored to be interviewing  libnofcongress at the mississippi book festival on  booktv literary lawn party
rt  aviabelow  speaking with  repandyharrismd on israel  ruthlieberman
so glad to be with the raiders today  big things happening in career and technical education in  tx31 
rt  housecommerce  e&c takes its work home to combat the opioid crisis during two week district work period &gt &gt 
time to pass the davis-oliver act  every death at the hands of an illegal is a preventable death …
rt  cqnow  the house republican study committee is releasing its annual  lean budget framework amid doubts about whether the house will pro…
rt  transport  on this day in 1884  the washington monument was completed with a 3 300lb marble capstone and 9in pyramid of cast aluminum  …
rt  speakerryan  local leaders battle the opioid epidemic in wi every day  congress is 100% committed to aiding them in this fight  overdo…
live now  sub comm tech convenes hearing examining telecommunications supply chain  global competitiveness  and nati…
i was glad to catch up with  villageskids and hear about their important efforts to give hoosier children a voice …
the families  schools  and businesses in the up simply cannot afford the proposed energy rate increases 
 but he was pierced for our transgressions  he was crushed for our iniquities  the punishment that brought us peace…
it was wonderful to spend time at the panama city rotary club luncheon this week  we heard from director of touch a…
thrilled to offer my congratulations to forde norris on his appointment to the  westpoint_usma last week  at such a…
rt  stevescalise    potus   this is our new american moment  there has never been a better time to start living the american dream  
my office recognizes veterans residing in  ny27  as our veteran of the month to honor the sacrifices they have made…
on time and under budget  together with  potus we are making america s infrastructure sturdy again 
this week  chairman  drphilroe   repbradwenstrup and  repjenniffer visited  deptvetaffairs facilities in puerto ric…
rt  frcaction  thank you  replamalfa for displaying unwavering commitment and consistent support of faith  family  and freedom  true blue aw…
my seventh tele-town hall of 2017 starts tonight at 5 25 pm  if you re not on the call  you ll be able to listen to…
olivia joined me for a working group on taxreform this morning… by the end of our conversation  she had learned ho…
my staff is looking forward to seeing you all at my mobile office this tuesday in cedarville  more information here…
this bill was in no way perfect  but letting the perfect be the enemy of the good has only increased the frustratio…
rt  financialcmte  video   repannwagner   repandybarr   reppoliquin   reploudermilk  and  reptomemmer share stories of taxcuts making a re…
rt  jescanal     mactxpress meeting with texoma business  we ll speak to him about issues affecting the country after  newschannel6now htt…
postponed  due to an unexpected change in the legislative calendar  friday s town hall meetings have been postponed…
demand has been booming at  bridgestone over the last 6 months because our economy is growing  they are looking to…
 it is time to reform these outdated immigration rules  and finally bring our immigration system into the 21st century    potus  sotu 
disaster  what a difference between the pathetic handling of hillary clinton s case and the scorched earth approach…
happy to support important innovation in virginia and at  virginia_tech  ➡️  virginia to take part in national dro…
rt  my_jpa    congressmanhice announces military service academy day 
deeply saddened by the passing of america s first lady  barbara bush  my prayers are with president george h  w  bu…
some figures provided by  gopleader kevin mccarthy  the numbers speak for themselves  sotu2018   la05 
🔙🔜👍
last night  i attended the ribbon cutting of  coloradomesau s new engineering building and celebrated the expansion…
i agree  no more political games with the 2018 farm bill 
i have always believed we should incentivize able-bodied adults to work instead of encouraging them to remain depen…
rt  housecommerce  we are now considering h r  5197  alternatives to opioids  alto  in the emergency department act find all bills from to…
martha and i were glad to join  johnboozman and support the  arstatesociety and their support of the successful…
happening now  attending the  financialcmte subcommittee hearing on the housing choice voucher program  tune in her…
rt  edworkforce    repdrewferguson in  lagrangenews →  the benefits of tax reform are not just felt by employees at major corporations  mai…
great visits in southeast nebraska this afternoon at ngage  mainstreet bank  and blue rivers area agency on aging …
crime subcommittee to hold a hearing on violence in america  including the recent shooting at marjory stoneman doug…
signed discharge petition today  we can send the president a serious proposal that addresses immigration  including…
met robert kraft  owner of the  patriots  last night at  israel s 70th independence day celebration  he gave me his…
un placer hablar  dlasamericas  sergiootalora  hesushdez sobre los temas q le interesan a nuestra comunidad d…
rt  senmikelee  remember earmarks  well  they re trying to make a comeback  earmarks can t bring back the trust congress has squandered  bu…
onthisday in 1882  dr  robert koch announced that he had discovered the cause of tuberculosis  in honor of this gr…
rt  squawkcnbc   bizroundtable  cathymcmorris  cfpbdirector  stevenmnuchin1  whiphoyer  speakerryan  perduesenate  gopleader  repkevinbrady…
rt  miamiuniversity  breaking  miami university will invest  50 million in a new generation of academic excellence  enhancing its nationall…
ne legislature voted to send a statue of chief standing bear & willa cather to the u s  capitol  replacing those of…
chairman  usreprodney thanks  repcharliedent for his service to the committee  the congress  and the people of penn…
rt  reprichhudson  enjoyed having  drphilroe and  drnealdunnfl2 with me on  640amwfnc to chat with goldy on good morning fayetteville  grea…
great visiting with lizzy abston  betsy bradley  kali mason and jochen wierich at the…
as the son of a tractor salesman  cotton has been present throughout my life and is one of the reasons i have remai…
happy to take a few minutes away from our policy retreat to visit my friends at uso and fill some care packages for…
congrats to the decorah-area recipients of the  ia01  congressional high school merit awards  abraham schwartz  wau…
mueller should end inv  into potus so usa can move forward in positive & productive direction to tackle the many im…
posey to visit local veterans job training facility  politics
day 23 for 31 reasons4 tax reform→ you shouldn t have to spend your time & money calculating your taxes twice every y…
today we honored all the heroic men & women of law enforcement who lost their lives on the line of duty at the nati…
rt  repedroyce  the tailor act will help california s small banks & credit unions focus on their communities again  so that main street can…
new documents showing iran is not abiding by the jcpoa are further evidence that the iran nuclear deal was never a…
congratulations to new  hhsgov  secazar  i am looking forward to working together on key priorities  including over…
talking with  foxandfriends now on  foxnews
disappointed that the president chose not to impose sanctions on russia after the house and senate voted to do so …
the first step act provides inmates the help they need to successfully reenter society  which will in turn enhance…
on this day in 1958  howard johnson set the first aircraft altitude record in an f-104  91 243ft  aviation
congratulations to the winner of the 2018 congressional art competition 
rt  indians  for the first time in 2018  we re underway at the corner of carnegie and ontario  welcome back  baseball  ⚾️ rally together…
joining the  ingrahamangle to discuss illegal immigration  tune in now on  foxnews
jan 29  2002  pres  george w  bush s address marked the first live internet webcast of the sotu address s o t u history
are castro s political prisoners languishing in cuban prisons enjoying obama s restoration of diplomatic relations   sotu 
i was an early supporter of this innovative provision and helped make sure it was included in the…
productive conversation this afternoon w/  un secretary-general antónio guterres on reform of un management  financ…
  repmarkmeadows  federal employees underpin nearly all operations of the government  and we must ensure we continu…
pleased to join  repstephmurphy and tour the orlando va medical center today 
rt  housegop  yesterday we said goodbye to a tax code that has been nothing short of a thorn in the side of americans for too many years  w…
rt  reppoliquin  breaking  my sixth bill in this congress—since jan 2017—just passed the house  with broad  bipartisan support 
because of the tax cutsand jobs act  small businesses can now invest more into their people  increase benefits  buy a…
my first read of the day   border patrol catches migrants  associated with  caravan crossing illegally 
rt  miveteran     repmoolenaar honors veterans  presents service medals in roscommon co  - via  9and10news
we thank the brave individuals who put their lives on the line each and every day to protect us national police week
rt  jim_crumley   csbsju is pretty pumped to be talking to  astro_maker and sju alum  astro_sabot on the  space_station at 12 35 ct today …
spoke on the house floor this week about how precision medicine can help drive down costs and keep patients healthi…
by lowering tax rates  increasing the standard deduction  and doubling the child credit  middle-income florida fami…
i recently led a north country business delegation to ottawa to discuss our shared economic priorities and to facil…
a great example of the tax cuts and jobs act at work  over 4 000 employees  including more than 200 in the chattano…
 mikejinid what faux pas  maybe you should read the article before you comment  all legislators voted for the bill…
out with the old and in with the new  tax day 2018 is the last time americans will file their taxes under the old …
our nation mourns the loss of an icon  a woman whose strength & grace inspired those of every generation  barbara b…
great news this morning  the three american prisoners being held north korea will soon be returning home 
rt  bethbrelje  brother of u s  rep  lloyd  repsmucker  the rev  sam smucker of worship center  lancaster- was guest chaplain in u s  hous…
rt  waysandmeansgop  this morning congress and potus repealed obamacare s independent payment advisory board  ipab  – which would have allo…
i also presented bay county sheriff tommy ford with a congressional record  commemorating his achievements and serv…
we need to focus on jobs  thanks to  flchamber for backing my bill to help entrepreneurs start businesses  sayfie
letterkenny army depot gets protections in military budget 🚀https //t co/oddlhsc3qg
tonight at 6 30 - join me for a town hall meeting at stephen decatur middle school in berlin  md 
rt  urbancure  draining the food stamp swamp
rt  foxnews    repgoodlatte   i still think we need a special counsel into what my committee and chairman gowdy s committee are looking int…
rt  housegop  rt to agree →  housedemocrats need to quit the double-talk on the 2018 farm bill  this is too important for them to use in the…
the constitution subcommittee will hold a hearing tomorrow on class action lawsuits for those with intellectual dis…
amazing work on the mosaic arena in arcadia  looking forward to checking out a rodeo here   fl17 
rt  pachc1  congratulations  mikekellypa on receiving  nachc s 2018 distinguished community health defender award  thank you for your conti…
my new bill to create a national database to fight opioid addiction will clear a key congressional hurdle today  th…
rt  housegop  the number of companies providing new benefits to their employees because of the tax cutsand jobs act is on the daily rise  hav…
rt  amyrobertsoia   this is probably the most important bill about the forest service in the last 50 years   said rep  mike simpson  r-idah…
christmas is a time draw your family and loved ones close  celebrate traditions  and enjoy time together  most impo…
congrats to sylacauga s own william copeland  talladega co  al03 
this year  we have much to be thankful for  wishing you and your loved ones a very happy thanksgiving 
thanks to  okstate_agvp for providing his valuable insight at today s  houseagnews hearing on rural infrastructure …
i applaud  potus for signing the allow states and victims to fight online sex trafficking act into law  it is impor…
wonderful event sponsored by  vanderveerhouse in bedminster township on dec  1st in support of  vetrest  a nonprofi…
tune in to wham1180  i m on with  boblonsberry discussing last night s  sotu 
i was honored to attend president macron s address this morning  france  our first ally  and the united states shar…
we must stand w/ israel as it defends itself against iranian aggression & implement a comprehensive strategy to com…
great work by  drugfreequip youth coalition &  onealiquippa to protect & improve the their community by making fran…
we have republicans in the house  the senate  and the white house  it s time we start to show some fiscal restraint…
there are 28m small businesses in the us employing almost ½ of all private sector employees  visit one to…
there are consequences for using chemical weapons on civilians  proud of our global  usnavy presence that provides…
today   potus signed the fight online sex trafficking act into law  a bipartisan bill i ve been supporting to crack…
thanks to all those that have shared their kind words  thoughts and congrats as anne & i celebrate our wedding anni…
our nation s infrastructure is crumbling and it s not just our roads and bridges  our inland waterways need our inv…
subcommittee on economic opportunity chairman  reparrington introduced legislation to improve the transition assist…
the tax cuts and jobs act allows moms to better plan their family s future by putting more money back in their pocket 
this morning i m honored to deliver the commencement address to this year s graduates of patrick henry college  con…
  chilis has announced that customer credit and debit card information was recently compromised - making them the m…
rt  neilwymt   this is the real deal  this is the first major development of silicon holler   -  rephalrogers
thank you to sdsu president barry dunn for his dedication to opening more opportunities for tribal students through…
congrats to spacex for another successful florida commercial launch 
rt  dcexaminer  republicans propose tax credit for expecting mothers  good  by  philipwegmann
unemployment rate at its lowest level since 2000  tax cuts and deregulation creating jobs for hardworking tennesse…
wishing everyone a happy st patricks day 
tune in today at 2 00 pm est as i chair the terrorism & illicit finance subcommittee hearing on combating cyber-att…
true honor and privilege to be able to participate in this weekend s toys for tots event at the del mar racetrack …
happy st  patrick s day 
thanks  adam  i m working hard to deliver solutions for iowans across the third district   ia03   dmdc2018 
the va needs a culture change  va secretary mcdonald compares health care lines to the lines at disney  disgraceful 
thank you to the men & women in blue who work so hard to keep our communities safe  law enforcement appreciation day
rt  houseagnews  rural america is hurting  over the last five years  net farm income has been cut in half  strong farm policy provides a sa…
this national day of prayer  please join me in praying for our service men and women stationed around the world and t…
the new tax code doubles the child tax credit and the house ways and means committee estimates the typical middle-i…
happy st  patrick s day  sláinte 
americans want security  lawless sanctuary cities make no sense for a sovereign nation  we need to build that wall …
  senschumer s recklessness last night brought us the schumer shutdown  senate dems filibustered several individual…
today would have been president reagan s 107th birthday  let us honor his legacy today and every day  happy birthda…
if you know a veteran who needs help with the va  my irvine office might be able to assist  call  949  263-8703 and…
i asked the ambassador for the status of the proposed nafta  sunset clause   and what he s trying to accomplish wit…
today is national law enforcement appreciation day  our sincerest thanks to all those across the 15th district  the co…
cheering on our fellow virginians during the olympics  go team usa  🇺🇸
rt  theeagle    repbillflores recognizes high school finalists in art competition  bryan high artist to have work displayed at capitol  lan…
ben franklin once said  i have lived a long time  & the longer i live the more convincing proofs i see of this trut…
as a former school board member myself  it was an honor to speak with school board members during  nsbacomm s hill…
obamacare premiums set to ⇧ on avg  by 25%  unacceptable  read my response & learn more here 
if you think it s so little  my constituents don t    then why should it go to the federal government 
it was great meeting with you all 
interested in learning about bills i ve supported that will help our veterans  visit this page on my website …
i fully support  potus s decision to deploy the national guard to help secure the border and stop the flow of the n…
i can t wait to meet these ingenious middle school kids from kentucky today  as an inventor with 30 patents  i m i…
the bipartisan harvey task force is having a press conference now on recovery efforts and tax relief for victims 
pleased to welcome  keithrothfus back as a member of  housejudiciary  he previously served on the committee  & his…
 stem  research and innovation are vital to our economy and are an important source of well-paying jobs in our country
sat down with all points politics & business for a wide-ranging interview that will air tomorrow at 6pm here 
good to catch the team from  kbzk yesterday in gardiner at the centennial day celebration find your park
thanks to  secretaryacosta  usdol for testifying before  waysandmeansgop today about ways we can increase economic…
prayers for my friend & colleague  repanthonybrown  wishing him a speedy recovery 
in celebration of life today  may 2  2018  because the iowa general assembly has passed heartbeat protection act to…
 mustachemaniak happy to  david  please reach out to my office at 202 225 6205 or request one on our website at
to learn more information on the internship program  please click here 
rt  uschamber  according to  reperikpaulsen  minnesota businesses are putting tax cuts to work   i ve heard from dozens of companies  large…
wishing you a very happy and joyful easter from my family to yours 
icymi   amazon brings 1 000 new jobs to the city of aurora w/good pay and great benefits for  co06  families  next…
rt  bethematch  thank you to  peterroskam for a great discussion about protecting access to transplant for medicare patients 
stay safe today  folks 
 hartmantax 😂 😂 😂 yes  that darn 60 vote rule is the reason everyone in the house consistently does the wrong thing 
more great taxreform news  especially for the over 800  ups employees in our district 
rt  missourichamber  thanks to  usreplong for answering our modcflyin question of the day — what can congress do to improve missouri s eco…
productive  sc03  meetings in abbeville this morning 
  jessiehellmann writes at  thehill  house conservatives push for repeal of obamacare mandate in final tax bill
praying for everyone impacted by the events in highlands ranch this morning  especially for the family of the offic…
rt  waysandmeansgop  after tax day – with the frustration of dealing with the irs fresh in our minds – now is the perfect time to vote on l…
pleased  potus ended rule denying local police access to surplus lifesaving equipment  local police now have access to much needed tools 
 repterrisewell home health got a big win this week   but the tide better get ready for a loss   lsu  is ready to pu…
proud to lead the effort with  repmarcykaptur urging the trump administration to enforce openskies agreements and…
always an honor to speak in front of the brave men and women who serve my district police week
yesterday  i visited avoca elementary school and went back to music class with kindergarten students and read and a…
amazing what can happen when the greatest fighting force in the world is led by a strong commander and chief 
i spent time with the bay county chamber of commerce at first friday last week and heard from many business owners…
we ve been flocked by first colony dream league and  christchurchsl  watch out - you maybe next   
icymi  the great lakes restoration initiative is a critical program  and i applaud the  epa for making important in…
progress great news indeed  plenty left to do  but it s nice to see that the combined efforts are working   
this bill was named in honor of lieutenant albarati  who was brutally murdered on his way home from work in retalia…
click below to read my full statement on passage of h r  1625  the consolidated appropriations act 
rt  ivankatrump  today  potus will sign the bipartisan  fosta   sesta  bill  which combats sex trafficking online  holds perpetrators account…
today i toured  satellitesuite in bristol and met with employees to learn more about how  purduetap helps local man…
at today s  housecommerce sub environment hearing  i pressed epa administrator scott pruitt about supporting the gr…
the rich soil and premier climate  coupled with a work ethic second-to-none  has positioned california as an agricu…
 for the clean-energy industries  the tax reform bill will help facilitate growth because of reduced overhead and f…
  diamondandsilk you 2 did a great job defending freedom & the american dream 
rt  repmobrooks  as small business week kicks off  i m looking forward to visiting several small businesses around  al05  in the coming days…
the united states can do better than the iran deal—and we will  the president s decision to withdraw is a victory…
praying for  stevescalise and staff injured in this morning s tragic incident  thankful for our brave  capitolpolice 
rt  gopoversight    tgowdysc  justice is blind  blind to everything other than the merits of the relative arguments 
it is heartbreaking to hear the tragic news in the first district today involving brave servicemembers  amy and i s…
 heliophysics research provides a foundation to build predictive models of space weather events  mitigate the hazar…
exciting news for  mccormickcorp employees because of the tax cutsand jobs act 
join me and  lizmacdonaldfox on  foxbusiness at 5 05 to talk about funding our troops and apple s response to tax reform 
  repkevinbrady   … already  paychecks are rising at the fastest rate in more than a decade  unemployment claims ar…
looking forward to joining soon  tune in at the link below ⬇️
my statement on the passing of former first lady barbara bush  a woman full of grace 
thank you to the law enforcement officers who risk their lives to protect our communities  on national police week …
excited to meet with students  iowabig in cedar rapids who competed for  ia01  in  sifmafoundation 2018…
happy valentines day everyone  and beyond valentine s day  february is off to a sweet start thanks to tax reform …
pleased the administration is implementing these sanctions  we must draw firm lines to show america is not to be tr…
rt  cnn  this 5-year-old boy didn t want to go back to school alone on the first day after his police officer dad died in the line of duty …
raising children can be expensive  the tax cutsand jobs act expands the child tax credit to help  working families do…
thanks to kalu ndukwe  the owner of personal touch pharmacy in toms river for having me out this week  he recently…
rt  stevescalise  we re winning the fight against isis – nearly all of the territory once held by this ruthless terrorist organization has…
terrible day in parkland with a devastating loss of life  the teachers and first responders who stood in harm s way…
announced my bill today  the making rural america count act  to ensure our central valley rural communities have ac…
joining  hughhewitt at 7 35am et  tune in 
it s always the last place you look 
the  whitehouse announcement that qatar has agreed to end subsidies for its airline is an important win for travele…
stunning views from the georgetown field of honor   tx31  is thankful for the service of our brave heroes  god bless…
senator tim scott  sc  speaks at the ceremony honoring the bicentennial of the birth of frederick douglass200
great meeting at the white house today with  potus on the topic of addressing  sanctuary cities   i agree with th…
i join all americans in condemning the violence in charlottesville  the views of fringe extremist groups like white supremacists  1/2
no more regulations that hurt our economy  we must end obama s abuse of power w/ the end executive overreach act 
free trade is a win-win for our nation  and it is vital that we work hard to make agreements like  nafta  fairer to…
 otd  in 1865  president abraham lincoln was assassinated in ford s theater  today we honor this fearless president…
thankful for our first responders  thank you   potus  for recognizing their bravery from the june 14 congressional baseball shooting 
more good news in since tax cuts were enacted   smuckers announced they will provide  1 000 bonuses to employees &…
rt  westerncaucus  we re looking forward to seeing  interior  secretaryzinke at today s member meeting starting shortly  he s here to dis…
since the beginning  i have been opposed to the obama administration s nuclear deal with iran and have long believe…
my weekly enewsletter is a great way to follow along with my work on behalf of  ny21   make sure to subscribe by cli…
enjoyed meeting your staff and touring your facility 
on this day in 1914 the world s 1st airline  st  petersburg  to  tampa airboat line  takes inaugural flight…
to the men and women who keep our communities safe each and every day  thank you and god bless you …
  repkevinbrady   empowering families to run their own lives is at the heart of our national identity and the key to our success  
 dyk  trucking provides 1 out of every 18 jobs in nj  great to meet members of  njmta and discuss infrastructure & s…
rt  cnycentral  safe at school town hall  a live discussion about how to make cny schools safe
chairman bishop &  rephanabusa bill memorializing world war ii vets signed into law 🖊
the house of representatives passed a freestanding 5-year reauthorization of chip on november 3  which all seven of…
happening now  i am working hard to deliver a modernized nafta that helps american businesses reach new customers i…
great to talk with  ingrahamangle today about my plan to stop sanctuary city funding 
as we honor the trailblazers who came before us  we celebrate the women who are making history in today s workforce…
the afternoon shift is underway at my stars  stripes and smiles event to provide free dental to vets in pasco  tha…
since the tax cuts and jobs act was signed into law  american families  workers and business are already seeing the be…
rt  wispolitics    jimpressoffice brings in two familiar faces to become co-chiefs of staff wipolitics
rt  ivankatrump  the tax cutsand jobs act is helping american workers  already  over 500 american employers have announced bonuses or pay inc…
join me on  foxnews with  jonscottfnc shortly to talk about keeping the government open 
rt  musicfirst   darrellissa  housejudiciary thanks to this yodeler   lovesick blues  is at the top of the charts nearly 70 years after rel…
exactly right 
rt  reppaulmitchell  happening now  i m leading a special order on the tax cuts and jobs act  click below to watch ⬇️
rt  foxnews  a funeral service is held for the late reverend billy graham 
congressman perry offers support for american health care act
 in america  we know that faith and family  not government and bureaucracy  are the center of the american life  ou…
rt  hascrepublicans   budget dysfunction has a human cost     - chairman  mactxpress set our troops free
🛢️new  under  realdonaldtrump  american crude exports continue to soar  energy dominance 📈
the federal government is closed today due to the weather in washington — but my dc office remains open for busines…
my heart breaks for the innocent life lost in florida this afternoon 
great news  the economy is growing  employers are hiring and we re already seeing the benefits of tax reform  minne…
rt  sentedcruz  i commend  repdesantis for  gopoversight hearing on the importance of recognizing jerusalem as israel s capital & moving th…
in case you missed it last week  take a moment to watch frank s outstanding speech  it was one of the best i have h…
glad to see this story has a happy ending  mr  parhamovich will get back his life savings wrongly seized from him…
don t mess with ballard house  last night  i spoke on the house floor to celebrate the groundbreaking for the new b…
 titusmerriam congrats on acing diffy-q s  imma follow you now    
232 050 kids in georgia rely on  chip   which i voted to fund for the next 6 years  join me on  foxnews at 7 30 this…
our law enforcement and intelligence services confirm that russian individuals and entities have engaged in a long-…
appreciated the opportunity to meet with  97amw commander  col  todd hohn  to discuss the latest at altus afb
yesterday  i had a roundtable discussion with local & state firefighters about the firefighter cancer registry act 
12  why did the intelligence community wait two months after the election to brief president-elect trump on the dos…
proud to be named a finalist for the  congressfdn democracy awards
rt  waysandmeansgop  tune in  chairman  repkevinbrady will be live on  foxbusiness at 1 40 pm to talk about tax reform phase two & legislat…
46 people die every day from overdoses involving prescription opioids  protect your family and friends  find a disp…
april 17th marks the last day taxpayers will ever have to deal with the old  broken tax code  central texans & amer…
will be joining  tcnewstalk in just a few minutes to chat with justiceand drew tcnt tune in here 
now seeking college students & recent graduates for spring 2018 internships in my washington office  more info here…
 speaknowforkids thanks so much 
rt  jesirae  proud of the u s  center for safesport and ceo shellie pfohl for receiving allied professional award from the congressional vi…
from the  nytimes   cost of coverage under affordable care act to increase in 2015 
🕙 today at 10am → a hearing on  protecting privacy  promoting policy  evidence-based policymaking and the future of…
icymi — here s video of my questioning at yesterday s  housescience space subcommittee hearing on the development…
hope to see you this monday in decatur at oak park middle school for a town hall meeting  the public event is open…
statement  chairman  repkevinbrady statement on world trade organization  wto  report finding that the eu violated…
my old stomping ground  kusenate  enjoyed visiting with  kupresident mady womack and incoming president noah ries 
icymi  i ve called on congress to bolster funding for our local schools to boost their security & support local law…
today i introduced bipartisan legislation w/  repbetoorourke to increase staffing and improve infrastructure at por…
here s how it works  governors identify a limited number of opportunity zones in areas most in need  states are req…
rt  repstevechabot  will be a great hearing with even better witnesses  tune in here 
rt  acibc  the importance of a two ship contract could not be clearer   important for the warfighter and american taxpayer -  repralphnorma…
deputy inspector general richard hale died yesterday when his car collided with an oncoming tractor-trailer  my tho…
citizenship matters  representatives shall be apportioned among the several states according to their respective nu…
great to have you on board and thanks for your military service  i know plenty of gwot warriors from your great state 
if any police or civilian leaders were aware of this video and took no action they need to explain why  the public trust is too fragile 
joined  davidwebbshow to talk e l d mandate & burdens placed on truckers throughout texas & the nation  i ll continue…
misleading the american people seems to be the new norm with this administration   
i agree with  conghuelskamp  congress must impeach irs commissioner koskinen 
today  repgenegreen & i introduced a bill to promote partnerships with nonprofits to revitalize houston after…
ssa s new anti-fraud software sounds like it should quickly identify fraud & avoid multi-million   fraud schemes  which is a good thing 4/6
tomorrow at 5 30  i will host my fourth tele-town hall of 2018  my office will call out to 50 000 eastern shore hou…
icymi  enjoyed taking over the  housecommerce instagram account on wed  recap here 
 mikiebarb thanks for having me
rt  foxnews    repbradwenstrup   we have exhausted this  in my opinion  we ve been very thorough   outnumbered o t
more great news for american workers and the economy  how  bout them apples 
great news – unemployment is at its lowest level since 2000  our push for tax reform and regulatory relief has show…
thanks to matt witt and the students of the henderson county early college civics   economics class for having me v…
today  at a  houseappropsgop financial services hearing on the fy 2019 budget  i asked  mickmulvaneyomb about the…
after passage of the tax cutsand jobs act last december  north state small business owners are extremely optimistic a…
rt  edworkforce  house passes bipartisan legislation to strengthen support to recover missing & exploited children
statement from dr  burgess  spokesperson emma thomson   i have spoken to dr  burgess and thankfully he was not inju…
as we remember 9/11  take a moment to read the truly courageous story of lt  heather  lucky  penney  never forget
rt  natresources  🚨live →  secretaryzinke testifies on advancing american energy dominance  addressing  16 billion deferred maintenance bac…
secure the border  thankful  realdonaldtrump is committed to get the job done  working in congress to solve problem…
chairman  kencalvert is presiding over the subcommittee markup of the fy19 interior and environment appropriations…
icymi  be sure to read my latest column about why bureau of land management headquarters should move west
rt  reptipton  this morning   ustreasury secretary  stevenmnuchin1 is addressing the  financialcmte  watch live 
i had the opportunity to be a guest speaker at michael wager s  cwru  decision-making in american cities  course  t…
column  crumbs  bonuses tied to trump tax cuts said to boost u s  incomes by  30 billion tax reform
we started early in building relationships b/w students & officers by starting grant program to hire sros   inattygeneral l e task force
the discussion draft  fda misuse/abuse  has been reported to the full cmte by voice vote 
rt  repmccaul  tune in  i will be on the  dailybriefing at about 2 05pm et with  danaperino to talk about the austin bombings 
quick action is necessary to provide needed relief to families  businesses  and individuals struggling from steadil…
it is teacher appreciation week  the dedication teachers show our children everyday does not go unnoticed  thank you…
rt  housejudiciary    repgoodlatte   darrellissa   reptommarino praise passage of the bill to stop midnight regulations 
pausing to remember the attack on pearl harbor 76 years ago & the many american lives lost  thinking also about our…
i am about to call in to  wtaw1620 to give a washington update  tune in or listen online
rt  speakerryan   twas the night before taxmas…
taxpayers are already paying for this data  so they should be able to use it 
thanks to the tax cuts and jobs act   comed is seeking approval from the i l commerce commission to pass along  200m…
may the4th be with you this star wars day and always
i would support a presidential veto of the omnibus bill  accompanied by a short-term continuing resolution so we ca…
rt  cbsthismorning  what are you proudest of as you get ready to retire   a bulk of work which advanced a political philosophy that bring…
wishing all those celebrating a happy passover  may you be blessed with happiness  prosperity  peace and good heal…
rt  realdonaldtrump  big day for israel  congratulations 
trade impacts nearly 600 000 jobs in the upstate economy  i ve met with canadian trade officials and will continue…
  repcharliedent is hardworking  principled  & a friend  his retirement a loss to pa delegation& gop conference  he left it all on the field
appreciate the meeting & your unwavering commitment to ensuring south jersey residents do not go hungry  will conti…
rt  westerncaucus  from our reliable water  healthy forests and fire prevention panel we heard from bruce hallin of  srpconnect  sarah port…
rt  ericawerner  rep sanford to mulvaney   i think we are sleepwalking our way to the largest financial crisis in the history of our countr…
rt  sbalinda  thank you for joining us today  repjimrenacci  small business optimism continues to rise and together  we will work to ensure…
 junior staffers  spent the day getting a firsthand civics lesson at my freehold office for takeyourchildtoworkday
happy 171 birthday to  smithsonian  every day  1000s visit the museums & galleries to enjoy a glimpse of humanity s past  present  & future 
rt  scrawford_brc11  according to  repsmucker  1 200 rape kits have not been processed in the commonwealth  which means many individuals h…
it s national pet day  please meet team williams  unofficial office dog  gatsby  he is a 2-year-old goldendoodle who…
rt  flatheadbeacon  kalispell police department bolstering staff with two new officers
congratulations to  kendallorraine on making her olympic debut this morning  team denham cheered you on from my off…
this filthy clinic is horribly unacceptable  the red carpet should be rolled out for our veterans when they visit…
when it comes to ag  we can t change bad weather  but we can change bad policy  check out the farm bill that was in…
sad to hear of the passing of barbara bush  she was a very classy lady that represented us so well  my thoughts and…
happy easter   why do you seek the living among the dead  he is not here  but has risen    
hundreds in attendance for the henry-wood sportsmans alliance banquet  they support our vets and conservation proje…
i was so glad to see my teammates back on the field practicing for this year s congressional baseball game 
rt  waysandmeansgop  tune in 📺 chairman  repkevinbrady joins  bloombergtv at noon to talk trade and tax reform 
the training  equipment and readiness funding for our troops is one of my top priorities in congress  the funding b…
rt  wateraidamerica  lucky to have a champion who understands the importance of water to women and girls  thanks for your leadership  judge…
🕘 today at 9 30  subcommittee hearing on worker-management relations
 metodijakoloski  foxnews  cnnbrk no melosvic violently set out to keep people in one country who did not want to be together 
rt  cowlesmontana  rep  ryan zinke tours local malt barley plant
the house of representatives is working to spur economic growth by repealing dodd-frank & investing in main street…
rt  concernedvets  activists and reporters came out to our town hall to hear from  dandcaldwell and  repdlamborn on the future of veterans …
thank you to south dakota school principals and superintendents for sitting down with me this week  always apprecia…
completing the gateway tunnel project would be a major win for our entire nation and i will continue to work across…
combating the opioid epidemic in alaska requires a unified effort  tomorrow   deahq is coordinating the national…
rt  whitehouse  the unemployment rate is down to 3 9% in april  that is the lowest rate since december 2000 
good luck  mizzou go tigers beat texas 🏈🐯
keeping my friend  stevescalise in my prayers today  we look forward to having you back at the capitol soon 
happy 241st birthday to the  usarmy  thank you to those who serve and have served our country  army strong
  infosys is bringing nearly 3 000 new jobs to indianapolis  business confidence is at an all time high and we can …
what a great way to celebrate students who earned technical skills in high school and are ready to enter the workfo…
thanks to everyone who participated in tonight s telephone town hall discussion 
 dwp1726  realdonaldtrump iran has imprisoned us citizens  taken our sailors hostage & fired rockets towards our na…
chairman  usreprodney praises house passage of fy18 omnibus   this is urgently needed  responsible legislation tha…
fact  the farm bill updates & increases the threshold for asset-based eligibility in snap  this helps increase assi…
it is unacceptable to me that members of congress are still being paid  while our troops  federal law enforcement o…
rt  patriciakime    repbradwenstrup says medical training simulation is great but live tissue training has its place   these animals are a…
loved watching 🏈  ucabears — wish we had a better ending  great season  very proud of the hard work  
rt  acufforjustice   like a house in decay from decades of neglect  our criminal justice system requires repair  we have tried small fixes …
rt  rephartzler  excited to gather in unity with  reptenney   repdianeblack   repsmucker  and  reploudermilk on the national mall today to…
across  fl25   we are lucky to have passionate and dedicated individuals who are shaping the minds of our children e…
rt  frcdc  protecting nurses  conscience  a non-negotiable in the final fy 2018 spending bill   repdianeblack  thehill standwithnurses no…
big news for more than a million american workers  including thousands in northwest georgia who will benefit …
rt  ssnalerts    vernbuchanan s emergency citrus disease relief act set to pass in final tax reform bill  s s nalert…
rt  houseappropsgop  subcommittee chairman  congculberson kicks off the commerce  justice  science hearing on the fy19 budget for  thejusti…
this week  my colleagues and i supported important legislation honoring the life of reverend billy graham  for a ma…
today  we celebrate the life of a man who fought for justice  even when it was challenging and controversial 
great discussion at america s future series luncheon to discuss the critical new funding that we provided the milit…
we are so thankful to these brave heroes for their swift actions that saved lives  well-deserved   capitolpolice
today  and everyday  americans must come together and unite against racism and hatred  praying for peace in charlottesville 
great news   secretaryzinke just announced that louisiana will receive  82 million for coastal restoration and othe…
there are reports that some city & state govts are passing laws to blacklist federal contractors  some from al  bec…
  potus followed through with his promise to extinguish isis  we have made enormous advancements   sotu 
watch my full opening remarks on emerging technologies  cyber warfare  and counterterrorism during the subcommittee…
thank you  potus for bringing in law enforcement today to speak about the flagrant disregard for the rule of law by…
on the house floor shortly  i ll be joined by my colleagues from ny  fl  co & all around us to honor service & sacr…
honored to join  speakerryan   mactxpress   repmcsally  and  replizcheney today to urge passage of the budget deal…
i m thinking of our brave american soldiers tonight--the men and women who represent the very best of america s spi…
i remain committed to empowering educators with the tools they need to educate our students and keep them safe  tha…
reminder  my office is accepting submissions for the 2018-2019 congressional art competition  artwork is due to my s…
barbara bush was a exemplary first lady who cared deeply for her family and her country  even after her time as fir…
i discussed the american health care act on c-span today 
this is a gross neglect of officials  responsibility and i and my colleagues on the  financialcmte will work to hol…
the problem of overregulation - five years of new and proposed federal regulations
rt  speakerryan  keeping americans safe is our single most important mandate  and today s senate vote is a victory in the fight against ter…
my first read of the day       the guardsmen will be  eyes and ears as they see people  so they can alert border p…
this week we honor our fallen law enforcement heroes who made the ultimate sacrifice in the line of duty  and recog…
xavier staubs actions earlier this month are an amazing story  he put others before himself and saved a young man …
i ll be on  kboi670  idaho talks live  at 9 35 am mt  we ll be talking about immigration   realdonaldtrump s cabi…
 repjohnlewis it was a rare moment of unity in our divided political times  but remembering that day gives me hope…
americans deserve a tax system that works for all of us  not against us 
rt  dcexaminer   how we re cutting spending with president trump  by  gopleader
this afternoon  trooper kevin miller was tragically killed when his patrol car and a tractor-trailer collided  he h…
rt  markamodeinv2   1/3  on my way to  arlingtonnatl to speak at the unveiling of the vietnam helicopter pilot and crew member monument 
rt  housegop  a fair and simple tax code puts more     back in your pocket  here s how ↙
husky energy has announced   those who have been impacted by this incident can obtain insurance information at 1-800-686-3192 
 hr4  improves u s  manufacturers  ability to produce  innovate  market & operate the most advanced  safest aviation…
back out on the practice field for another congressional baseball season to raise money for charity  play ball 
i spoke with  thehill yesterday about the consequences that kim jong un will face if he continues down the path he…
this week  i introduced cara 2 0  for over a decade  the opioid epidemic has been ripping apart families in tenness…
happy birthday to the author of the declaration of independence and our third president  thomas jefferson 
 repmarktakano  senrubiopress  senatorhassan and i recently introduced a va bill that prioritizes veterans  employm…
fast fact  rep  sensenbrenner will hold 32 in-person town hall meetings in october  wi05 
 wjtv  maryaliceparks yes 
today s measures will mandate stronger protections for victims  require members of congress to personally pay for a…
in 2018  republicans in congress need to  ✅roll back more of obamacare ✅reform medicaid ✅continue pro-growth polici…
i am watching the tragic situation unfolding at marjory stoneman douglas high school in florida  i pray for the saf…
welcome to mobile   nationsroof  just another sign that southwest alabama is open for business 
i ll be joining  foxnews in just a few moments  make sure you tune in 
 fy19ndaa  is underway  follow along here 
rt  housecommerce  icymi   housecommerce debuts  personal stories from the opioid crisis  video series in conjunction with today s full cmt…
icymi- i send out a weekly e-newsletter to inform constituents of my work in washington & nj 
icymi  yesterday  i joined  bobclausen4 on  kark4news to talk about pressing issues facing arkansans  school safety…
it s great to see a local business working with our veterans in northern michigan 
tune in  i m about to gavel in  househomeland for a hearing on the lessons learned from federal  state  and local o…
tax cuts are working  everyone at the bank of advance in dexter and at bank of advance locations across missouri go…
rt  yhn    repbyrne wants to save alabama s rural hospitals alpolitics
4  aca relief  finally  in the tax cuts and jobs act we were able to repeal the crippling  individual mandate  embe…
the airmen stationed at dyess are well-aware of the critical importance of their mission  and their commitment and…
the house armed services committee  hasc  will be marking up the national defense authorization  ndaa  act today 
rt  usip  join us on march 20th as  rephultgren and  repmcgovern discuss ways to promote human rights in authoritarian and violent  conflic…
rt  seminoleec  more meetings yesterday afternoon as seminole and its members met with  repgusbilirakis and  repdesantis to discuss electri…
 realdonaldtrump  you are dead on  democrats must stop playing politics with our national security   al03… 
i m very proud of all our participants in this year s competition  each year i m thrilled & impressed by the talent…
with easter right around the corner  children in monett got an early start with an easter egg hunt last saturday 
thanks to retired army col  andrew gothreau  president of the indiana council of chapters  militaryofficer for taki…
if you missed me on  cnnsitroom this weekend  i weighed in on the recent syria strikes  did we degrade the syrian…
watch  the joint select committee on budget and appropriations process reform holds its first public hearing with…
i am on the road to the gop conference  and i am not on the train  please keep the safety of all involved in the accident in your prayers 
rt  housegop  for the first time since 2000  the unemployment rate has fallen below 4%  our pro-growth policies  like the tax cutsand jobs ac…
good news for our military   fy18ndaa  is on way to president trump 
the committee will meet   5 pm on the following bills  h r  3043 - hydropower policy modernization act h r  3441 - save local business act
all-of-the-above approach in natural resources cttee today -- 3 hearings on ak hydro  arctic ocs & antiquities act
thank you today  and every day  for your service and sacrifice  vietnam war veterans day
rt  cmaiduc    darrellissa  who voted  no  on house version of gop tax bill  says he s opposed to senate version  too   i oppose both propo…
3  when did the fbi get the complete dossier and who gave it to them  dossier author christopher steele  fusion g…
rt  govtrack  h res  443 by  repgallagher passed yesterday  recognizing the importance and effectiveness of trauma-informed care 
a key facet of the tax cutsand jobs act is opportunity zones  states identify areas that struggle with high poverty a…
heartbroken for the families in florida facing this day without their loved ones  people across the country  includ…
we re voting today to eliminate the special-interest deductions that increase rates and complicate americans  taxes…
the delaware river basin is critical to pa economy  drinking water  & a safe habitat for many species  i recently s…
h j res58 empowers states and local school boards to create systems for keeping schools accountable to parents and t…
there are certain bills that are literally life-and-death  my bipartisan bill to prevent women from dying due to pr…
today is the day  if you want to be the first to know when the house tax reform bill is out  text  tax reform  to 50589
now  i m on  tcnewstalk to talk about why i voted  no  on the  1 3 trillion omnibus spending bill  right to try & more  tune in  tcnt
i joined my colleagues on a bipartisan letter urging  potus to seek congressional approval before ordering any addi…
rt  houseforeign  the house today passed h  res  128  which supports human rights and encourages inclusive governance in ethiopia
on national law enforcement appreciation day a big thanks to the men and women in uniform who risk their lives ever…
to all mothers out there  especially my mother  angeline  who i miss every day  my wife  mary grace  and my four da…
if you need assistance with your taxes  you may qualify for free help  more info here 
last night s snow turns every farm into a postcard  countrylife
it was a great honor for me to help award bill and shari bowie with the first ever bill and shari bowie community l…
rt  endpolionow  thanks rep   tomrooney for your commitment to endpolio & support for globalhealth issues  vacci…
really looking forward to reading about what extensive  1st in the nation  hard-charging ethics proposals…
thank you to all of our educators who help america s children reach their full potential  i m grateful for all of t…
rt  repmikejohnson  i am chairing the  housejudiciary crime subcommittee today to hear from sexual assault survivors about the impact of th…
on international womens day we re drawing attention to the many women around the world who face extreme risk every d…
excitement for tax cuts and jobs act continues - landed at msp and a small business owner said  thank you for the tax…
rt  spmiddleschool  south pointe is honored at the congressional app challenge  congrats jacob & sebastian on your golf app  congrats laksm…
jack - my mays landing office accepts juniors/seniors in high school for internships in the summer  info on my webs…
chairman  tgowdysc  proper funding is critical to an agency tasked with a zero-fail mission 
 repbeatty that s why we re launching the civility and respect caucus  because we think congress and the rest of th…
rt  repgoodlatte  coming up after 10am  joining  teamcavuto on cavuto live to talk about the latest on immigration reform efforts in the ho…
the  houseforeign affairs committee will host a hearing on efforts to denuclearize north korea  we must hold rogue…
i was pleased to welcome the  vp to ky6 yesterday to discuss how local families and businesses are benefitting from…
i commend idea  latin american youth network  and cubadecide for promoting democracy and human rights for the cuban and venezuelan peoples 
sensible policy should encourage employers to offer the fullest range of health plans to their associates  not puni…
rt  peterroskam  thx  repholding for supporting sigma  my bill to create an obamacare special inspector general →
as jayhawks  we re pretty used to beating tigers  you re on   rcjh   kuhoops
rt  realdonaldtrump  on behalf of the american people  welcome home 
please be careful today  thanks to first responders and emergency management for always being there for us  sayfie
rt  ses_rbbcsc  thank you to  reptrey for coming to ses today to visit our robotics team  how cool is it to have a congressman take time t…
it only takes 51 votes to pass a budget  so it would only make sense that 51 votes could appropriate the money to f…
last june  my colleagues and i experienced god s miracles during that fateful baseball practice  i spoke with…
let me be clear  the answer here isn t mandatory coverage  social security & irs need to get their act together
calling all  ok2  veterans  my veterans caseworker will be in claremore next tues 3/13 to assist you  visit my websi…
i very much appreciate that last year the commission  for the first time since 2010 requested funding to resume its…
 further efficiency comes from leveraging opportunities that arise outside of u s  government agencies  in particul…
sen  schumer created an artificial deadline for an unrelated issue and just led the shutdown of our government  he…
  besknights it s always a pleasure to talk about the constitution  however  it was a special treat to share with s…
today  the house voted to begin the obamacare overhaul process  my statement 
very humbled to be joined by so many colleagues on the house floor  click to watch and read their remarks 
thank you   speakerryan  for your dedication to the united states congress and to the people of wisconsin s first d…
today is m p s awareness2017  i want to introduce you to ryan dant of carrollton  read about his ongoing success stor…
rt  whitehouse  president trump is in ohio to discuss his proposal for rebuilding infrastructure in america  more on how president trump an…
 realdonaldtrump ustr report concludes  us businesses who want access to chinese markets are forced to turn over th…
i m cosponsoring the hope for alzheimer s act for the 5m  americans living w/ alzheimer s  we must support those facing this disease  endalz 
welding is the glue to our modern world  i encourage you to learn more about this important trade  happy…
rt  housegop    cathymcmorris  for working moms and dads  we doubled the child tax credit  we preserved the adoption tax credit    and for…
important conversation today with  evergladesnps superintendent ramos about some great projects underway at the par…
that is why i ve opposed trade deals that—on balance—have put maine workers at a disadvantage  i ll continue to fig…
one year ago today  an ef4 tornado tore through perryville  60 families lost just about everything and tragically …
rt  iava  u s  representatives tulsi gabbard  d-hawaii  and brian mast  r-florida   both iraq and afghanistan combat veterans themselves  i…
reminder  house republicans passed a 5-year chip reauthorization on november 3  2017   senatedems obstructed  we al…
rt  natresources  chairman bishop &  repdonyoung have been selected by  speakerryan to serve on the conference committee for the tax cuts &…
  usreprodney  targeted funding for energy research and development will support us economic competitiveness - keep…
loved seeing jacksonville represented by this shirt in dc  gamecock strong  al03 
rt  heritage  congress should protect americans from unjust property seizure
rt  housegop  more benefits more bonuses more money more jobs tax cutsand jobs act proves that more is better for all americans 
i am very excited to welcome  vp to savannah for st  patrick s day  our st  patrick s day parade is one of the grea…
rt  dave_sutor    congressmangt  need qualified workforce & to take advantage of energy resources to make economy grow 
the jake laird act provides grants to encourage states to adopt laws  that require both due process & probable cause…
rt  houseappropsgop  watch live at 10 am - the labor-hhs subcommittee holds a hearing on the federal response to the opioid abuse crisis  h…
rt  misupremecourt  in 1976 dorothy comstock riley was the first woman to join the michigan court of appeals women…
mike pompeo is a proven leader and a man of great character  he will serve our country as an exceptional secretary…
rt  blopezstewart   we have a president in the white house who is not going to apologize for american greatness    repjeffduncan at  pp2018… 
  bobanks1963 thanks for your question  ask buddy
i voted for funding for the great lakes restoration initiative in the appropriations committee tonight  my statemen…
exciting job news for hoosiers  fedex is investing  1 5 billion in indiana thanks to  realdonaldtrump s tax reform …
icymi  short-term spending bills are bad policy and bad politics  it s important that members of the the senate end…
hr 2936 will expedite   improve forest management activities in federal forests to counteract risk factors for wildfire 
great news of a  usda grant awarded to somerset ohio  proud to work with mayor johnson on this effort   oh15  -&gt 
today the trump administration announced it would work to erase student loan debt for many disabled veterans  if yo…
it was my honor to speak on the floor of the u s  house of representatives and honor  peaceincsyr s 50th birthday …
rt  jecrepublicans  chairman paulsen on  realdonaldtrump s selection of  larry_kudlow to be his top economic adviser   great news  mr  kudl…
rt  repseanduffy  read my letter to  potus in the  freebeacon about how france  germany  and others are free riding on america s innovation…
rt  cal_fire  detwiler fire [update] northeast of merced  mariposa county  is now 76 500 acres and 50% contained 
our committee will be live at 10 00 am with  facebook ceo  mark zuckerberg  click the link to tune in live 
 maintaining the nation s global primacy in high-performance computing is more critical than ever for our national…
congress can and should still defund planned parenthood - read my op-ed 
only way to stop executive gun control is to use the power of the purse  republicans took that off the table with the omnibus  tcot  2a 
voted in support of the small biz tax relief act which will help businesses plan for the future and give them certainty in this economy 
thanks to pro-growth policies and taxreform  unemployment is at the lowest level since 2000 
viera veterans clinic opens new mri suite  politics
these repulsive actions by some marines are unacceptable and must be stopped  hasc will have a hearing next week
read my statement on the president s tariff announcement 
i supported the spending bill today b/c it advanced funding for critical southwest washington priorities like wildf…
on this day in 1939  the whitestone bridge connecting bronx & queens opened   nyc 
rt  campaign4kids  rep   vernbuchanan says he ll back extending chip - florida politics extend c h i p
today s zuckerberg hearing will review  facebook practices regarding user data  but we hope to also examine this is…
 daca  must be addressed with sufficient security fixes to deter illegal immigration  foreign nationals should be un…
reminder  tomorrow at 10 00 am  the house budget committee will conduct a hearing with  mickmulvaneyomb about the…
according to hamas  50 of the ppl killed at gaza border were martyrs of hamas  israel shouldn t be criticized for d…
 bad statistics are dangerous when used to justify legal action that does more harm than good   rominaboccia  heritage g o p working4 women
rt  congressionalac  congrats again to the  congressionalac winner from iowa 🎉📱these young tech innovators are changing our 🌎 one app at a…
rt  cal_fire  shaver fire [update] near the community of shaver lake  fresno county  is now 9 acres and 15% contained 
deuteronomy 31 19 now write down this song and teach it to the israelites and have them sing it  so that it may be…
rt  rollcall  new york democratic rep  louise slaughter died friday at the age of 88  she served in congress for more than three decades  w…
on behalf of our salmon  our nw ratepayers  our economy  and our environment  i m pleased we passed the bipartisan…
i agree w/  potus  our nation s military deserves our support  we must ensure they have the resources needed to suc…
my middle child has a secure self esteem apparently  😂
my full statement here 
what kinds of vehicles will be on the road in the the years and decades to come  what will fuel them  what do consu…
i love a good economic growth story   the results of this independent report show that  kentstate not only transfor…
rt  foxnews  mike pompeo picked as trump s new secretary of state  what to know about him
enjoyed being with  iif and  repblainepress to discuss the global economy and to promote arkansas to economic leade…
today is the last tax day you will have to file with our old  broken system  next year  american families will see …
chairman  rep_stevewomack following the latest  uscbo hearing    today s discussion shed light on very important  b…
stopped by throckmorton elementary and junior high for lunch - we ve got bright  young west texans getting some of…
are you curious how the tax cutsand jobs act will benefit your family  now you can get answers straight to your phone…
the taxcutsandjobsact doubled the child tax credit to help families across the country  it also preserves the chil…
get help with a federal agency here --&gt 
rt  speakerryan  breaking news→ the us district court just upheld the house tradition of opening each legislative day with prayer 
the house  by a vote of 388 to 25  just passed legislation that combats human trafficking by enhancing the penaltie…
want to learn more about h r 4 - the faa reauthorization act of 2018  visit the bill s website at…
armstrong energy discovery is a very positive note for n  slope  ak s energy sector  economy  and taps 
statement on border security
today  the house passed h r  620  the ada education and reform act  which i proudly cosponsored  here s my full st…
trump-russia probe became a special counsel probe  bc  realdonaldtrump won the presidency   so the fbi director the…
director comey also claimed to not know for a fact whether the dossier was funded by the democrats and hillary clin…
anyone have an answer on this 👇🏼 
incredible news  congrats to desiree linden  the first american woman to win the boston marathon since 1985 
hey  ok2  – have a question for me  join me on monday at 7pm cdt for a telephone town hall  dial 877-229-8493 and use…
kicking off  houseappropsgop hearing with omb director  mickmulvaneyomb oversight accountability
t h e f i r s t s t e p act - a bipartisan effort to reduce crime and prepare individuals for reentry  repjeffries get the…
thank you for leading on this important issue   glad to work with you on this 
we need to get the government out of the way of businesses that are giving millennials a fighting shot g o p future
everybody should be able to have a debate about border security and daca  no matter what your ideological views are…
u s  news has named colorado springs the number two city in the country to live  it s number one in my mind …
  msnnews   companies continue to give tax reform bonuses  tax reform
rt  housegop  rt to agree → more money back in your pocket means more choices for how you and your family can spend it 
more good news as a result of the tax cutsand jobs act 
today we commemorate the end of wwii in europe with the 73rd anniversary of v e day  thank you to all the men and wo…
current debate on cannabis at state level so best to contact state lawmakers  not an issue on priority list for con…
rt  scottiewafb  just in  west feliciana oep director confirms audubon bridge closed now in st  francisville  it s the only closure in that…
a tornado warning has been issued for fort rucker  please take caution and stay safe 
it was an honor to be inducted into the missouri farmers care hall of fame  i am humbled by the opportunity to be t…
positive sign  potus trump to keep property/state income tax deductions  essential 4 ny/li middle income homeowners 
rt  stevekingia  a baby with a heartbeat has a 95% chance of successful birth  that s why   if a heartbeat can be detected  the baby must b…
on the first days of spring  capitol grounds are covered with snow - you can t even see the washington monument tha…
rt  mcconnellpress    senatemajldr &  rephalrogers introduce bill to reform  arcgov & focus arc resources on poorest kentucky counties htt…
just issued a comprehensive response to  potus s executive order on immigration  more info here   1/2 
rt  justinamash  thanks for visiting 
 joemazza thanks for listening 
rt  hascrepublicans  coming up   10 20 - chairman  mactxpress joins  mariabartiromo  foxnews to discuss troop levels in afg and the defense…
an important vote yesterday  the oppressive regime controlling iran is finally being held accountable by the people…
full statement on the passing of don carano  my deepest condolences are with his family during this difficult time 
ready for a paw-sitive day 
enjoyed my visit to  admasphaltdrum in huntertown to learn more about this important employer and visit with the me…
rt  senatortimscott  joining  tgowdysc s telephone town hall in the 4th district now 
icymi  barton goes to bat for rangers in tax overhaul
as we bid good riddance to the broken 74 000  page monster knows as the federal tax code  we can breathe a sigh of…
rt  ssnalerts    repcurbelo s   sethmoulton s push to ban bump stocks picks up steam in congress  s s nalerts sayfi…
rt  usrepmikedoyle  house just passed a bill i introduced with  repjoebarton to help capitol police officers seriously injured on duty  htt…
i am saddened to hear of the death of first lady barbara bush  wife to one us president  mother to another  she pro…
rt  gavinbade   energycommerce  housecommerce  johnrhanger mckinley  r-wv  calls on perry to enact 202c after rant on reliability  says  it…
  sethmoulton & i have introduced s h i e l d sact to close a gap in  deptofdefense s practice of reporting prescription…
meet the real  heroes of the 8th  friday was truly a great day   ca08  --&gt 
 houseagnews the provisions include tweaks to arc & plc to make the programs work more seamlessly  investment in co…
want to learn more about how tax reform benefits you  ask me questions using ask rep ferguson or visit
thank you  lakeconursery for hosting me today to talk about immigration & job growth  the lake county nursery growe…
check out this week s newsletter to learn more about our work to combat human trafficking 
it was my pleasure to meet w/  chattanoogaslc to discuss solutions to prevent school violence  while we may not agr…
wishing the  usmc a happy 242nd birthday  to the few and the proud  we thank you for your sacrifice and dedicated s…
privilege to meet with  wsffaorg & wa fire chiefs legislative committee  as co-chair of the fire services caucus  i…
rt  houseforeign  the administration s actions send a clear message  putin must stop his exceedingly reckless behavior  –er
it was great to meet with hella in north america in peachtree city last week
rt  financialcmte  don t miss our hearing with the  federalreserve chairman starting at 10am et ↓
this was a horrible tragedy  but through it  mainers have shown their true kindness and unity  i continue to be ama…
rt  repjoewilson  i also inquired about how the armed services are allocating their resources to budget for technological war-fighter advan…
enjoyed meeting these alabamians in dc with the american orthotic and prosthetic association 
please stop playing secretary of state mr  kerry  you weren t very good at it the 1st time around when you were act…
this is absolutely unacceptable  congress must hold oversight hearings to determine what went wrong  hold the fbi…
what an honor it was to receive the  true blue  award from  frcaction  thank you for protecting pro-life principles…
icymi  chairman  mactxpress joined  foxnewssunday to talk about north korea iran deal china - all important issues…
behind the scenes on my meeting with  potus   i felt progress on the immigration debate was most important  i m…
rt  wbrzweather  ***tornado warning*** for the boxed area  this is a life-threatening storm  get to sturdy shelter now  w b r zwx
optimism is high for making progress with opioid addiction and other neurological disorders now that dr  ali rezai…
meet machie and annalisa limas  who own  statefairfloral in sedalia  in honor of small business week  machie and an…
i was honored to participate in today s bipartisan roundtable on human trafficking w/ private sector leaders  it s…
i was honored to know and serve in congress with my friend congresswoman louise slaughter  a trailblazer who fierce…
i need to hear from you  i ll be hosting a facebook live town meeting at 6 30pm on wednesday  february 15 live on my facebook page 
the bill maintains all existing pro-life policies  including the hyde amendment  the dickey-wicker amendment  and the weldon amendment 
 robinbobo  johnboozman  eagledisttxk it was wonderful to see you  too 
closed out my day with a few  tx08   girlscouts  congratulations on receiving your government badge  troop 107016 
 nist is a leader in characterizing the performance and properties of advanced materials  including composites  on…
his contributions to public service will have a long-lasting imprint  and he will not be easily replaced  i will al…
rt  joethomaswchv   podcast - congressman tom garrett and congressman dave brat on omni bust deal and house leadership
thanks for having me  i genuinely value the work your members do and look forward to continuing to work together fo…
many thanks to our dc interns for their hard work and dedication this summer  best wishes in your next chapter 
since president trump took office  he has worked with congress to rebuild our economy and protect american workers …
 countdown to the closing bell  on the fox business network discussing the roll back of dodd-frank …
rt  politicopress    jasonkander  congressmanraja  senatorlankford  patrickmchenry  repmarkmeadows  mattnegrin &  stevescalise officially h…
rt  speakerryan  the  americanlegion is truly a national force for good  and i am proud that southern wisconsin will have one of our own—co…
some more tax day good news to look forward to next year  - bigger paychecks for families -  2k tax cut for averag…
lastly  one of best ways to reduce cost is through earlier diagnosis before dementia  which could save more than  7…
my new bill  the rest act  gives america s truckers the options they need to safely do their jobs
just wrote to  usfws  must keep strong endangered species protections for florida s state animal  the panther  only…
great to see  nedeptag director steve wellman and assistant director mat habrock  a fellow new dad   in d c  today…
rt  jecrepublicans  explained  why we need fewer rates taxreform fairandsimple
as an advocate of reducing spending  every year i return money from my salary back to the american taxpayers  dropp…
more than fifty years ago  the land and water conservation fund  lwcf  act of 1964 established america s most succe…
  neo-nazis  and the kkk are a scourge on society and have no place in our country  these are not values we hold as oregonians  2/2
thank you for having me at the yogi divine new year celebration in randolph 
 we re not afraid of millennials   terrimcclements  pwc_llp g o p future
immunizations can protect kids from a variety of diseases from the chickenpox to polio  for more info on how to get…
look forward to hosting 5 town hall meetings next week  you can find the full schedule on my website …
very happy to have my friend and colleague return today  your ongoing recovery has reflected your strength and pers…
  mrsb1stgraders thanks for your question  ask buddy
want the latest updates on how tax reform is helping georgians  text  tax reform  to 50589
rt  repdianeblack  for the first time in 31 years  the house and senate are coming together at conference committee to deliver tax cuts tha…
for us in southwest alabama  the bill authorizes the construction of three littoral combat ships  lcs   which keeps…
the students at almira school sure are creative  i loved every single one of your handmade cards 
today at 10 a m  ⤵️
great news for florida families from  flgovscott  nearly 1 5 million private sector jobs have been created in our s…
we continue to pray for your recovery  steve  keep fight n  
rip tom benson  a true louisiana legend  thoughts and prayers going out to your family and friends 
today congress will vote on comprehensive tax reform for the first time since 1986  thirty-one years is far too lon…
 greggharper is leading the fight for students w/ disabilities at home & on capitol hill
rt  speakerryan  optimism amongst small biz owners is at a record high  following tax reform  john has been able to create more jobs and gi…
watch my questioning of  federalreserve chair jerome powell in the house  financialcmte   cnbc
thank you  mbwdc for recognizing me at the sunset parade on tues  it was a great honor 
president obama is abdicating his constitutional duty to provide for the common defense by vetoing the f y16 n d a a--&gt 
fyi  transitional shelter assistance has been extended until march 12  2018 for those currently displaced by hurric…
hr 2936 utilizes tools of forest service to reduce insect   disease infestation   dangerous  old forest overgrowth that creates tinderbox
the role of a military chaplain is to support our servicemembers with their religion and faith  to accept a person…
rt  israel  intl holocaust remembrance day - we remember the 6 million jews who perished in the holocaust  never again  hmd2016 
meet pfc ken happel  of allentown  who served in the 110th field artillery battalion  29th infantry division during…
i commend pm may for strong statement calling out islamist extremism and promising tough action -- military & domestic  no apology  no pc 
commodity group roundtable is underway at  ndsu  watch live 
i m excited to announce that my office is now accepting entries from all interested  nc08  high school students for…
i had the great privilege of meeting with our brave servicemen and women stationed overseas and thanking them for t…
rt  ala_wo  thanks to the sponsors for their work and commitment to advancing this important legislation   greggharper   repbrady   rodneyd…
u s  oil and gas exports are probably the least talked about  but most significant diplomatic tool for countering r…
thank you to williston mayor gerald heathcoat  council president charles goodman  & city manager scott lippman  for…
today we celebrate the unequaled spirit and amazing accomplishments of hoosiers with down syndrome  thank you for s…
rt  aashtospeaks  today in transportation history – 1956  container ship success 
madina qasimi  former chief of staff to the first lady of afghanistan  came by my office today to brief me on afgha…
honored to present graham tannery with his wwii medals today in raleigh  thanks to this member of the greatest gene…
chairman  mactxpress on the omnibus package -  congress  work does not end when we write a check  in the months a…
i joined three of my new york colleagues in sending a letter to the governor urging him to nominate upstate new yor…
more than sixteen years after 9/11  a new  deptofdefense report shows we re at war in seven different countries  it…
this promise is about the future  you get to do more with your own money  and you will have more opportunities than…
so great to meet with passionate advocates from the library of michigan/michigan dept  of education including kim a…
 small business owners are more optimistic than ever about the economy  thanks to tax reform   tax cutsand jobs act
rt  housecommerce  sub environment convenes legislative hearing addressing  epa nsr permitting reform &gt &gt 
big day on the hill  tax reform is on the floor for a vote this afternoon  the tax cuts and jobs act will simplify…
watch now   natresources hearing on my bill certainty for states & tribes act coaljobs  mtoperengineers mtpol
appreciated  asrcfederaljobs hosting me at their facility in h ville this afternoon for a demonstration of the tech…
  tgowdysc  part of our justice system includes correction  rehabilitation  and acknowledgement that the vast major…
rt  reptomgraves  tune in to  houseappropsgop hearing on the  irs  budget request  accountability oversight
rt  transport  what is wrda  why does it matter  the water resources development act authorizes america s water infrastructure - a critica…
below is a snapshot of my most recent email newsletter  my email updates are a great way to keep in touch and stay…
thank you  secretaryacosta for hosting me and my staff today at the department of labor  enjoyed our visit and look…
if our brave men and women in uniform are not getting paid during the shumer shutdown  than members of congress def…
i m rooting for  treynorhoops and  glenwoodbbb today  bring back some hardware to the third district 
rt  housecommerce  facebook ceo mark zuckerberg will testify before e&c on april 11th &gt &gt 
i just spoke on the  housefloor about my bill  hr146   the eastern band of cherokee historic lands reacquisition act…
great to meet utah small business owners today make small big utpol
the bill would impose new requirements on the postal service and customs and border protection to make it harder fo…
how to encourage innovation  reduce punitive taxes and government regulations that discourage entrepreneurs   sotu 
today marks the 53rd anniversary of the 1964 earthquake – a day i vividly remember  ak ns were resilient & united i…
while en route to the retreat this morning  our train was involved in an accident  i am okay and i believe that non…
last night under chairman  mactxpress s leadership the  hasc  passed the  fy19ndaa   ndaa  60-1 out of committee  tha…
iran is the world s leading state sponsor of terrorism and they cannot be trusted  this was a horrible deal that wa…
the decision to bring the f-35 to montgomery is great for our state and for our national defense  we must continue…
thanks to  collierpio commissioners mcdaniel and saunders for stopping by my office  transportation …
rt  fox5sandiego  if you live in or near the burn area  you ll want to attend this meeting tonight  lilac fire
rt  marcgoldwein    reptomreed - vote for cooper-latourette  bowlessimpson plan was  best vote i ever took   fiscal summit
 tx07  high school artists  the 2018 congressional art competition is now open  submit your original artwork to my…
please join me for a town hall meeting this saturday 
 i hope that the irs permits the deductibility for anybody who pays property taxes in 2017 for property tax bills d…
joining  cspan  cspanwj this morning to discuss need to fix  daca  before end of year  daca legislative fix can pass on its own merit 
congratulations to fellow texan  preedgolf for your win at  themasters  
happy to meet with  flafarmbureau as we discussed ways to enhance our agricultural industry and improve rural comm…
glad to hear my good friend  mr  richard overton  was able to see the  nmaahc  this man is a hero and i am proud to…
rt  whitehouse  across the country  companies are using president trump s tax cuts to invest in american workers with bonuses  higher wages…
thanks to the bright high school students who joined me  last night  to learn more about our nation s military acad…
on april 25th w&m will hold its third hearing on the  jobs gap   details ⬇️https //t co/jkbzmzrjmy
rt  govholcomb  sitting down with leaders from custom concrete  members of my workforce cabinet   susanwbrooks and  mayorcook to discuss ho…
rt  heardonthehill  meet cali  a 10 year old dachshund in  kencalvert s office  she a  good conservative dog  
i m deeply concerned with how the insolvency crisis will impact the thousands of wisconsinites depending on their p…
front page of  lancasteronline  susquehanna national heritage area is one step closer to becoming a reality  full…
rt  ilnewsnetwork  dekalb  kinzinger addresses human trafficking at rotary event
let s be there for veterans in crisis  visit or text 838255 to receive confidential support 24 hrs  7 days a week 
next  tax benefits are offered for reinvesting prior gains into qualified opportunity funds  these funds must hold…
congratulations to spacex on a successful launch and landing - incredible milestone achieved 
i was happy to meet with  aipac members from san diego to discuss the us-israel relationship as well as the…
***attention orange county*** victims of the recent wildfires have 1 week left to register with fema for disaster a…
i always enjoy visiting with the hardworking men and women at  huhtamakigroup in fulton  during my visit  we spoke…
  thezooeyglass to learn more askbradwenstrup
trump administration should immediately declassify all the documents used to obtain surveillance warrants against trump or his associates 
rt  talk1073traffic  i-10 west remains closed at i-10/110 due to an accident on the ms river bridge  the i-110 south ramp to i-10 west also…
barbara bush was a remarkable woman  tonight  the entire nation joins president george h w  bush and the bush famil…
click for all the details on the congressional art competition  it s your chance to be featured in the u s  capitol 
leviticus 19 32 stand up in the presence of the aged  show respect for the elderly and revere your god  i am the lord 
glad to receive an award tonight from  acuconservative in recognition of my strong conservative voting record  🏅
congratulations to jackson page  winner of the congressional art competition  his piece will be on display in the u…
otd in 1845   navalacademy opened in annapolis  you can find out more about academy nominations at my event tonight 
proud to hear  potus support expanded access to e-15 to provide cleaner/more affordable fuel options and benefit…
big day today in the house armed services committee as we continue to work to rebuild our military 
rt  repjerrynadler  eager to be working with chairman  repgoodlatte to advance these long overdue and important music copyright matters  ht…
with nearly  20 trillion in debt  it s time for a balanced budget amendment  read more here 
 they re being handcuffed   detective nick rogers explains how he and his fellow officers feel about the denver ord…
i knew something tasted different about the water in greeley 
the legislation we passed today includes good news for  michiganstateu s important  frib  project  which will bring 1 000  jobs to mid mi 
our plan will provide much-needed tax relief to middle-class families in my district  which has been my goal & focu…
  federalreserve chairman powell testifies before our committee tomorrow for the first time  he ll update us on mon…
rt  pancan  thank you  repdonyoung for meeting with our  pancan advocates in alaska to discuss the importance of pancreaticcancer researc…
 sfdegraff
to the extent that technology is so penetrating in its ability to be used for espionage  you have to look not just…
rt  foxnews    repgoodlatte on us attorney s probe   sunlight needs to be shone on unbelievable bias  within fbi
tune in to  andersoncooper  ac360 on  cnn tonight at 8 30pm for a recap of today s house intelligence committee hearing 
pleased to have some of our leaders from mountain home come to dc to discuss our very important airforce base
just toured  ptmcorporation in fair haven  run by a close-knit team of four sisters  ptm employs nearly 300 & produ…
seems like  whataburger costumes are the texas meme for this halloween  🎃 2 stories 
should a school principal be disciplined for discussing the positive aspects of firearms with students  read more v…
rt  monticelloky  there is never a bad time to discover the beauty of monticello and lake cumberland  monticelloky lakecumberland travel…
another positive result from tax reform   hormelfoods to give employees stock shares  increase wages…
i m extremely honored to have u s  navy veteran joy asuncion from belfast in washington for tonight s state of the…
rt  foxnews    mikekellypa   you have got to stand up for all americans  
happy birthday to my good friend and colleague   stevescalise  it s great to have you back 
icymi republican members of indiana s delegation wrote an  indystar op ed about plans to repeal & replace obamacare
our law enforcement officers put themselves in harm s way every day  recently  i recognized one of these heroes – s…
rt  nikiinthehouse  i have especially appreciated  as have my constituents in  ma3   the bipartisan tradition that annually allows us to com…
rt  houseforeign  david gross  former ambassador for international communications and information policy  & i discussed importance of creat…
rt  repdianeblack  icymi  my full statement on the conference agreement of tax cutsand jobs act →
thinking of and praying for the bush family tonight  as our nation mourns the loss of mrs  barbara bush  we also ce…
take a look at this fascinating article    polarization is an old american story
as our economy continues to grow  more and more jobs become available  one example -  homedepot has nearly two hund…
thanks to taxreform the bonuses just keep on coming 
congrats to  tx07  very own  yoyoshotdog for making the  yelp 2018 list of top 100 places to eat  eatlocal texas07
let the message be clear  america stands with her asian allies and will not hesitate to protect them  or any of our territories nucleartest
rt  vp  at a time when we have u s  soldiers in harm s way in syria  iraq  and afghanistan  it would be unconscionable for democrats in con…
enjoyed sitting down with  kfvsnews this morning to talk about  realdonaldtrump s first year in office  the amazing…
rt  speakerryan  today  the  uscapitol flags are lowered to half-staff in honor of our country s law enforcement who have given their lives…
i m glad the house passed this important bill to modernize federal aviation systems  the  faanews reauthorization a…
it was great to tour  boeing newest expansion in okc  the facilities house research labs and a new flight simulator…
our national security strategy is clearly working  we must continue to keep the pressure on north korea until we se…
 wisconsin dairy farmers are innovative and creative professionals  it is their perseverance that will keep wiscons…
april is the month of the military child and as we close out the month we take special care to recognize the sacrif…
icymi  a  fema recovery center is open in midland to assist mid michigan residents with this summer s flooding 
rt  housegop   the future doesn t belong to the fainthearted  it belongs to the brave   president ronald reagan  today  we pay special tri…
barbara bush is one of the toughest women i ve ever seen  i m saddened to hear about her failing health and will be…
rt  codeninjashq  our ceo david graham   originalcoder  will be speaking before the us house small business committee in a matter of minute…
rt  cspanwj  rep  tom rice  r-sc  discusses the iran deal & president trump s trade policy
losing one person a day to the opiod crisis is one too many  losing 174 people a day during 2016 to this devastatin…
rt  whitehouse   we are now  and very proudly  an exporter of energy to the world    sotu  
thanks again for the great discussion yesterday   congressmanraja  and thanks to all who joined us for a great q&a 
rt  housegop  the tax cuts & jobs act = more jobs and bigger paychecks  see how much growth your state will see→ 1182more
volunteers from rockaway montclair livingston morris plains and kinnelon visited my office to discuss importanc…
congratulations to all recipients of the 2018 congressional medal of merit  these students have shown great leaders…
important move by president trump to meet with north korean leader kim jong-un   potus north korea
rt  househomeland  this national police week  we honor those who have lost their lives in the line of duty  thank you to all of the brave me…
rt  29palmschamber  the twentynine palms chamber of commerce would like to thank all of our sponsors and everyone who participated in    ht…
i recently visited gresser  a concrete contractor in shakopee  businesses like gresser value cte programs & trust t…
rt  speakerryan  another good week for america s workers  ✅ 400 franchise brands announced reinvestment in employees & economy ✅  shopflo…
idaho day celebration monday at the statehouse  marking lincoln s creation of idaho territory  noon ceremony to ho…
in honor of small business week i met with the  wwlcchamber to talk about our growing economy and job creation  in m…
i applaud the international trade commission for voting to protect the u s  softwood lumber industry and our timber…
here in illinois  we re seeing utility prices drop and customers reap the benefits of tax cuts and jobs act thanks to…
love this 
today on  mlkday   we honor the life and legacy of dr  martin luther king jr 
rt  hubzonechamber   housesmallbiz  hubzonechamber appreciates all the hard work the  housesmallbiz committee does in support of small busi…
happy birthday  usarmyreserve  and to our reservists - thank you for your service 
 the tax cuts and jobs act is a bold  transformative approach to tax reform that simplifies the code and reduces th…
rt  jinksprincipal  thank you congressman dunn and mrs  dunn for visiting jinks and honoring us with the gift of books from the library of…
dr  esper and i also participated in a roundtable discussion on army modernization and deployments before receiving…
rt  repseanduffy  our police officers wake up every day to selflessly serve our community  today  and every day  thank a cop for keeping us…
had a great time in monroe county yesterday speaking about conservation efforts and our outdoor heritage  thanks to…
rt  mission_ready  congressman  tomcoleok04  pre k is a bipartisan issue because the research is compelling  e c e4 pre k earlyed e c e4 pre k h…
happening now 
rt  housegop  the tax cutsand jobs act  ✔ saves you money ✔ lowers your utility bills ✔ creates more jobs in your community if all of this ha…
tax day is here  it s the last time you ll have to deal with our old  broken tax code  learn more about the tax cut…
rt  foxandfriends    repkinzinger  kim jong un has no more chances after this
check out my recent interview with  wjhg_tv —&gt 
  potus funding bill is full of conservative wins  rebuilds military  border wall funding  protects life  fights op…
tune in  marking up the national defense authorization act with  hascrepublicans and  hascdemocrats to rebuild our…
thank you for having me  what a great tour & congratulations again on the grand opening of farm 
a  yes  officers undergo extensive training for responding to & investigating sexual assault  student that is repor…
50 years ago today  america lost a visionary civil rights leader in martin luther king jr  while his life was sense…
i have cosponsored  introduced  and voted for legislation to fund and extend the chip program since last fall 
the subcommittee on capital markets  securities  and investments held a hearing yesterday to examine the cryptocurr…
now that we have a partner in the  whitehouse who is making border security a top priority  it s time to deliver re…
from sandy aid to tax reform  mickmulvaneyomb tries to screw new york  probably feels inferior because new york sub…
happening now  the subcommittee on aviation will hold a hearing on the  state of aviation safety  this morning at 1…
congrats to michigan tech for ranking 24th in a list of schools with the highest starting salaries for new graduates 
many thanks to  uva president  terrysulli for introducing me to her successor  president-elect james ryan …
read the memo 
deeds not words gina haspel has not talked about  she has been about it    confirmation rests on whether she is well…
after talking with secretary mattis  we included new flexibility for  deptofdefense to ensure that these funds were…
rt  politico  federal prosecutors and agents were shocked when they learned the extent of the iran deal concessions
the passage of the bipartisan budget act is a huge win for our men and women in uniform  after years of underfundi…
thanks to  altrianews for having me speak at their offices today  and they were a company on the list who gave bonu…
the internet is a powerful consumer force  as we consider today s  housecommerce hearing with mark zuckerberg  amer…
thank you  replarrybucshon for speaking about your efforts with  infarmbureau on improving and preserving water qua…
looking forward to joining  anacabrera on  cnnnewsroom today at 4 15et/2 15mt to discuss syria strike & nat l security   co06 
more good news for utah unemployment today-it s one of the lowest in the nation-especially for veterans  more on…
rt  alderdice   asmsa  is honored to partner with  repwesterman s office to host a service academy information session for students in the f…
rt  bhallwfmy    wfmy  s  maddie_gardner talking with  repmarkwalker at the airport ahead of today s visit to greensboro by vp mike pence …
each year during national police week & on peace officers memorial day  we pause to thank those who protect our commun…
for immediate release  congressman thomas massie  r  ky-4  clarifies tweet regarding president macron s speech bef…
rt  repannwagner  tune in now to watch  cathymcmorris   repmialove   repmartharoby & i discuss how conservative solutions are empowering wo…
rt  housecommerce    deahq announces nationwide  take back  day to collect opioids  unused medications &gt &gt 
rt  sbgc2c    repblainepress on tax reform   the philosophy that it s the government s money is something that has got to be changed   krcg…
proud to announce  miamidadecounty will receive  3 6m in federal grant money to grow their bus transit system
a salute to general h r  mcmaster as he heads for retirement as our national security advisor  god bless him for hi…
happy birthday & thank you to the  uscoastguard for protecting our shores for 227 years 
our opioid bill passed the energy and commerce health subcommittee this evening  more here   va10 
as a cosponsor of h res  835  i m proud that today the house passed this resolution by unanimous consent  supportin…
rt  orefarmbureau  ofb statement oregon farm bureau  tax reform package good for oregon ag  ofb pres bushue thanks…
apply  my office is accepting applications for the 3rd annual young women leadership program  to learn more and to…
rt  repmartharoby  great news for alabama  the public service commission announced that  alabamapower customers will see lower bills over t…
the event brought in companies to show how the science  technology  engineering  and math they are learning is appl…
rt  nlintheusa  happy dutch american friendship day  today marks the start of diplomatic relations between our two countries in 1782  when  j… 
rt  repstevepearce  tune in  i m speaking now in the  financialcmte hearing w/  cfpbdirector mulvaney  it is vital that we revitalize finan…
the house just passed the tax cuts & jobs act and here s what it does  ✔ lowers tax rates for hardworking taxpayers…
rest in peace -- american service member killed in iraq by  direct fire 
many of you watched our hearing on online sex trafficking  and i thank those from tennessee who came to capitol hil…
the  uscg   usnavy &  cbp play a key role in drug and human trafficking interdiction from transnational criminal or…
timely  important  and must-read thread from cathy below  she knows first hand how difficult it is to be told a chi…
small businesses create 70% of new jobs  i joined novi s small business leaders to discuss continuing to create mor…
i m saddened by the loss of my good friend charlie thone  he was truly a great nebraskan  solid  honest  and down…
i have also been calling for and working towards an immediate & bipartisan daca solution  i helped introduce bipart…
rt  pmdemola  stefanik to host public forum in moriah  via  suncmtynews  ny21 
rt  speakerryan  our men and women in uniform are not bargaining chips—they are our nation s best and brightest  who put their lives on the…
the library of congress offers free books to schools  public bodies  and nonprofit organizations through its surplu…
i hope to see you next week at one of my town halls 
the wages of tax reform are going to america s workers 💰
just sent a letter w/ wa state legislators urging  jayinslee to take action against or s tolling scheme  read more 
 these are people who could be sent home but instead are sent back to sell more opioids to more people   -…
glad to join w/ rep  & dem  colleagues to once again co-sponsor legislation protecting assault victims & their pets 
rt  repcurbelo  opportunity zones are a major component of the tax reform legislation passed late last year  this will drive investment to…
rt  housegop  retweet if you re for pro-growth tax code →
rt  ryan_ilfb  great to be part of the discussion at  rodneydavis ag advisory cmte today  thanks for listening and fighting for agricultur…
meeting with advocates  volunteers & staff at  alzkc heart of america chapter of  alzassociation in pv  more than 5…
i enjoyed catching up with  toyotapolicy today on its investment to the georgetown plant  which employs over 8 000…
 salawm according to the latest jobs report out last week  there are 6 6 million open jobs in the u s  right now  i…
to all the brave men and women who served in the vietnam war  thank you for your incredible acts of service  you ga…
with our current approach to the war on poverty  we re telling americans   you re stuck in your current station in…
second  ai should produce efficiencies and cost savings that will help us do more for less money and help to provid…
america is blessed with amazing national parks  next week is national park week  celebrate with free entrance at al…
rt  repmarkmeadows  doj leadership has obstructed congressional oversight for long enough   jim_jordan  repdesantis and i asked potus to in…
great sitting down with  voanews to talk about my resolution condemning the horrific prison camps in north korea  l…
and while i ll miss his show each morning as i drive around wi-8  i m grateful that we re not losing his voice  i l…
👋 welcome to  pa15  
tomorrow  potus will deliver his first state of the union address  as we look forward to 2018  i want to hear from…
once again the race obsessed left goes into hyperventilation mode declaring general kelly s flat  objective stateme…
it was great to see all of you  thanks for coming in  e m sonthe hill
tragic news from florida  may god look over the victims and their families  thank you to first responders for rushi…
happy valentine s day from  va06   thanks to my staff for attending today s unveiling of the new love sign in vinton 
thank you president trump  remember otto 
it s no surprise to many of us living in southern california    but the website  fatherlyhq recently ranked yorba l…
rt  housegop    potus  taxreform will be heading your way soon  we re committed to getting 2059more back in the pockets of everyday ameri…
it is clear that congress is not working like it should  read my op-ed w/  replipinski about how our congress of to…
 dorisjunehb  woodsey_allen  indivisibleca48 info is now emerging that ukraine gov was targeting trump  the whole thing is phony issue
our economy is thriving  right now in america  it s a good time to be a worker or a job seeker  learn more 
looking forward to joining  morningsmaria this morning at 7 00amet 
great news today from starbucks  it s incredible to see another company investing in front line employees 
we need common sense  not hyperbole  to guide our conversation about school safety and guns  read my column in su…
attending  ldtc15  today  let cvc staff know you re attending the event so they can help direct you to the cvc congressional auditorium 
students at  csbsju will be speaking with  sju alum  astro_sabot   astro_maker   astroacaba &  astro_kanai  these a…
i m humbled to join the  waysandmeansgop to advocate for quincy and the 18th district 
organics are a growing sector of new york s economy  unfortunately  fraudulent products regularly enter the marketp…
simpson discusses the need to fix fire borrowing with forest service chief tony tooke
lebanon county town hall on thursday  looking forward to the conversation 
rt  mohlhausenftc    ftc has tips for helping hurricane harvey victims & you can find more here 
rt  rgv3307  border patrol in  rgv  thanks you all for the work you did to get this passed  johncornyn  tedcruz  repmccaul  judgecarter  rep…
i m proud to co-sponsor this bill in the 114th congress  and i m glad to see that this is one of our first priorities
congressman griffith s weekly e-newsletter 10 23 17  good riddance to  sue and settle 
very glad to join  cspanwj this morning to discuss the news of the week & to talk to callers from across our countr…
 drmichellesays  karenabcdefg a liar told that lady i didn t believe hispanics should have pride in their race only that was misrepresented
last week i had the chance to tour marillachealth in grand junction and thank the staff for their incredible work …
i m managing the rule on the house floor for  rulesreps for 21st century irs act and the taxpayer first act  watch…
i ve looked up to  speakerryan as a conservative leader who was always pushing congress to tackle major challenges…
 icymi   last week  i announced mckenzie evans as winner of the 2018 congressional art competition for our 2nd congr…
tune in to  foxbusiness at 5pm et  i m talking w/  lizmacdonaldfox about today s historic vote on the…
as we debate government funding this week  i hope my colleagues keep in mind secretary mattis  warning to…
it was an honor for  repbost and i to meet members of the  usairforce 54th and 73rd airlift squadrons at  scottafb…
thanks to  pbcountysheriff for a tour of their regional fusion center  the center s mission is to stop threats of t…
last week was a district work period for congress and i spent it with iowans across the third district  check out w…
rt  reprodblum  celebrating the positive impacts of the tax cuts and jobs act with  jobcreatorsusa this morning during small business week  tha…
today  on holocaust rememberance day  we honor the millions of lives lost at the hands nazi persecution and vow to n…
i always appreciate the chance to meet with our friends at fort valley state university and the fvsu council for ag…
rt  speakerryan    repfleming   reptomprice  and  drphilroe   there is a better way to achieve health system reform  ↓
rt  appharvest  upike  appharvest pursue partnership for high-tech agriculture  upikebears  appalachiannews  soa…
the people have spoken  this year s 2018 people s choice award goes to josé ninche  a senior from har-ber high scho…
for too long  congress has operated under the misguided notion that defense spending must be matched by non-defense…
rt  speakerryan  →half of  deptofdefense s civilian workforce has to be furloughed  →training for reserves has to stop & guardsmen have to…
sad to hear of the passing of former michigan u s  rep  joe knollenberg  my thoughts are with his family and friend…
this morning  i visited carroll county learning center  i enjoyed reading to the young children and learning about…
on the floor now ➡️ h r  2152  citizens right to know  watch the floor debate here 
most recently  the tax cuts and jobs act was signed into law allowing our farmers to keep more of their money to inves…
 your work with stakeholders to make improvements through a manager s amendment aligns the bill with the committee …
many thanks to  mschlapp and  acuconservative for recognizing our commitment to constitutional principles  check ou…
pleased to see the senate confirm jerome powell   potus s nominee for chair of  federalreserve  he will be a steady…
this week is natl small business week  i stopped by pepper mill in gladwin today & dan told me employees are enjoyi…
i stand with president trump in his decision to withdraw the united states from the iran nuclear deal  we can and s…
great talking with  secretaryross on the administration s efforts to protect aluminum manufacturing jobs 
enjoyed meeting with the leading edge tech company  infosys this morning to discuss their operations and new develo…
sub health is now considering h r  5272  reinforcing evidence-based standards under law in treating substance abuse…
happy belated 100th birthday to an incredible wwii veteran  thank you for your service  i hope you had a wonderful…
rt  repdonbacon  my bill h r  5079  the dhs field engagement accountability act just passed through the house  this bill provides necessary…
the america i love  the america i have fought for and defended  and the america i deeply believe in stands for huma…
our two u s navy hospital ships  u s n s mercy & u s n s comfort  complete critical missions of providing medical support…
obamacare s medical device tax is bad for tens of thousands of hoosier workers all over the state and it must be re…
see the list below ↓ of texas based companies giving tax cut bonuses  raises  and benefits 
judge dismisses charges in bundy case  calling prosecution  outrageous   we must ensure such misconduct isn t repe…
rt  hughhewitt  today   gopleader   sruhle  thebrodyfile  timalberta  repgallagher plus the many headlines of the morning 
wishing my good friend  markdavis a happy 60th birthday  thanks for letting me be a part of it  producerrondak
 we can boost take-home pay for hardworking americans  create jobs and opportunity and make the system fair again  …
rt  gopleader   otd  in 1973  the last u s  combat troops left vietnam  we are forever grateful for your service and sacrifice  vietnam vet…
rt  repdandonovan  i joined members of the  househomeland subcommittee on cybersecurity and infrastructure protection to evaluate the chemi…
i have a bill to address this that requires a social security   in order to claim the refundable child tax credit …
since coming to congress  i have been working hard to draw attention to the importance of upgrading the soo locks t…
rt  repmarkmeadows  doj leadership has obstructed congressional oversight for long enough   jim_jordan  repdesantis and i asked potus to in…
these physiological episodes are not individual incidents  at this point we have an aggregate of these mishaps that…
disappointed but not surprised by china s tariff announcement  here s my op-ed from last month on this very issue  …
  waysandmeansgop will be looking at how to make the united states more competitive with the rest of the world toda…
the obama administration slowed our economy to a halt  our tax reform bill has revved up our economy and unleashed…
it s official- h r  1  the tax cuts and jobs act is on the way to  potus  realdonaldtrump s desk 
today  i joined  repteddeutch  repfredupton &  repdebdingell to introduce h r 5717  the jake laird act  a…
 senorrinhatch read more about the national suicide hotline improvment act here ➡️
rt  intelpolicy    hurdonthehill says only 2 000 students took the ap computer science course in tx  we need to increase the pipeline codin…
🚨live tomorrow at 2pm → the weaponization of nepa and the implications of environmental lawfare
last weekend i visited the effingham museum and living history site for the olde effingham day festival  i had a gr…
rt  glennhamer  raising the de minimis threshold to  800 for mexico and canada — current level for us is important  currently much lower l…
watch   5pm cha hearing on priorities of the house officers & legislative branch entities for fy 2018  watch live 
i had an insightful meeting at dallas county hospital in perry where we focused on the issues facing our rural crit…
today  i participated in  vp pence s second national space council meeting at  nasakennedy  america s future in…
glad to see  senschumer acknowledge his mistake and vote to fund our government  military  and our children s healt…
rt  realdonaldtrump  our two great republics are linked together by the timeless bonds of history  culture  and destiny  we are people who…
tonight my colleagues and i went to the house floor to honor governor zell miller s incredible legacy of public ser…
great discussion at monday s sober homes community panel  my office attended & discussed my bill to give local gov…
while we remember the 6 million jewish people who were murdered in the holocaust  we also must remember mireille  w…
what an honor to receive this award & i m humbled by this recognition  thank you  it is important that we work toge…
i m pro-life and for limited government  which is why i proudly voted for the  right to try  legislation yesterday…
rt  dailyinterlake  what a fun time  if you re looking for a fun  safe way to celebrate halloween  head down to rising mountains   
rt  robwittman  to this end  our seapower and projection forces mark sought and achieved a balance of current and future readiness   fy19nd… 
rt  energy_dialogue  legislative panel    nagf17   natgas_ngsa  energy_dialogue  reptipton  repcuellar  repbilljohnson  repjoebarton  farent…
 8brianvogel4  jackkingston  stevescalise  rodneydavis  reptrentkelly hi brian  we actually get to practice at 6am…
 comey that s it  top brass at fbi/doj take  salacious & unverified  your words  not mine  partisan funded dossier…
on holocaust remembrance day  we remember tom lantos  the only holocaust survivor to serve in congress and the names…
sat down with  marcoregil to discuss the need to stop harmful experiments on dogs  thanks for coming in  sayfie
talked with cspan about affordable health coverage - my legislation would fund cost sharing reduction payments & cr…
tomorrow at 2 30pm  my bill to modernize wildlife conservation funding will come before the  natresources federal l…
thank you   speakerryan
rt  vp  because of the leadership of  potus & n  carolina s republicans in congress  tax cuts are working for n  carolina families & job cr…
enjoyed participating in a 10 k small biz panel this afternoon with  replahood  repblainepress  larryhogan…
sadly  many homes & several businesses in both matthews and malden suffered extensive damage  the malden community…
march madness starts today  below are my final four picks  who are your final four picks  villanova uva duke unc
 repgoodlatte   treygowdy   devinnunes release statement on the comeymemos
here s where you can find me tomorrow  i ll be hosting coffee w/your congressman in mount pleasant in the am and ne…
the military is the backbone of our great nation and the blanket of security under which we rest  i will always st…
the proclamation included four purple heart recipients  gregory coker  jon lunkwicz  gus wittschack  and daniel stu…
for this week s connect to congress   we talk about irs reform  bipartisanship  and more  you can watch here 
after the house passed my bill last week  the  manhattanda said it would be  transformative in the fight against hu…
 neaminzeleke  ambassadorestif  jawar_mohammed game over tplf ethiopia
in agriculture committee business meeting to consider the budget views & estimates letter of the committee on agriculture
the f i r s t s t e p act is about human faces  the faces of people who need a chance at redemption  and this bill puts evi…
congratulations to bob bennett  principal of middlesboro high school  who was named the 2017…
rt  craigcaplan  us capitol flags have been lowered to half-staff for the late rev billy graham who will lie in honor inside the rotunda to…
watch  repbyrne s opening statement at today s hearing on the policies and priorities of the mine safety and health…
following pr plebiscite  i m calling for congressional action to implement will of the pr people – statehood 
barbara bush led an extraordinary life devoted to her family and the american people  our country was fortunate to…
rt  foxbusiness    hurdonthehill   we need to be utilizing a lot more technology on the border    some of that technology is over 20 years…
rt  leoshane  at hasc personnel hearing this morning   repmikecoffman asks about concerns of lowering of standards to meet military recruit…
rt  secretaryzinke  talking w congressional coal caucus  as fmr crow chairman old coyote said  there are no jobs like coal jobs  to many ht…
important news  the department of health and human services  hhs  just announced the second round of grants to help…
so glad we could help kenneth moore finally receive the medal he earned through his service to our country during t…
it s infrastructure week  whether you fly  drive  or take the train  we re all in the infrastructure business 
rt  davidwebbshow   mikekellypa  pa-03  at 10 05 on his annual report for 2017  siriusxmpatriot ch 125
my statement on the white house s announcement of an immigration framework on  daca  and border security 
rt  natresources    interior is celebrating national park week with free entrance to all national parks on saturday  april 21  find your par…
great news  job openings hit a record high of 6 6 million
rt  repandybarr  in addition to working alongside the administration  today i introduced the camp nelson heritage national monument act to…
rt  betsydevosed  school choice is not about picking this building or that classroom – it s much bigger than that  it s about freedom to fi…
congrats to embraer for their expansion in brevard - welcome legacy 450/500
the president still refuses to say radical islamic terrorists   sotu 
i continue to follow implementation of the countering america s adversaries through sanctions act  which overwhelmi…
russia  for all its corruption and failure to diversify its economy beyond exploitative industries  remains unrestr…
rt  tamu  pass it back  ags  the campus  aggiemuster ceremony will proceed as scheduled on saturday  but please do not arrive at reed arena…
born in mccall idaho  scott and caitlin patterson are one of seven sets of siblings competing in the…
 anna_giaritelli  secnielsen the hearing is happening now —&gt 
chabot   whether the issue is cybersecurity  women s entrepreneurship  or strong agency oversight  the committee is…
happy birthday to  usairforce who  on this day 70 years ago  became an official branch of the united states militar…
great to meet with home builders in jackson county today to discuss ways to improve affordable housing in southern…
obama  congress is blocking us from spending taxpayer funds on a study to undermine the 2nd amendment  yes we are  guns in america
excellent read in today s  wsj on how small biz are benefiting from tax reform ↓
rt  cspanbus  we re here at hillcreat high school talking to history students about our 50 capitals tour and our upcoming interview with ida…
rt  vaughannancy  reinforcements are here from across the southeast  thank you   greensborocity
 fy18ndaa  meets the future needs of the warfighter and preempts threats in a rapidly changing world 
opioids are taking lives & action is needed  my response to  potus opioidepidemic declaration→
  angeljflournoy thanks for your question  ask buddy
rt  rulesreps  at 10 am the committee will consider the american health care act  watch live on  cspan or on our website --&gt 
in honor of infrastructure week i led a bipartisan letter to  potus stressing the need to include our nation s scho…
rt  sahilkapur    darrellissa has a new op-ed attacking the house-passed republican bill as a tax hike on californians 
crime  recidivism  best ways to help reentry  and ensuring our police officers are protected  it ll all be discu…
rt  housegop  women are pioneers  trailblazers  moms  daughters  sisters  wives  advocates  and so much more  this month  let s honor how w…
rt  pathadvocacy  a8  the reach act is a bill that secures us commitment  ensures high impact programming and promotes innovative approache…
after reviewing the latest office of management and budget  omb  supplemental request for disaster recovery  we fin…
rt  nrha_advocacy  thank you  repadriansmith for being a consistent advocate for rural  in w&m hearing  smith just asked  secazar about th…
between the 7th street bridge in modesto and water storage  the needs in ca s central valley are significant  my st…
 waysandmeansgop released tax reform bill today  will be examining details to see if it s a good plan for nj  let me know what you think 
rt  ims    govholcomb  congresswoman  susanwbrooks  mayor  indymayorjoe  mayor buckley and mayor  haaktim join in on raising their 🤚 in cel…
at 2pm  the subcommittee on economic opportunity will review eight pieces of legislation  watch live here 
rt  housegop   every kid deserves the chance to learn  make friends  and pursue their passions in a school that is safe    cathymcmorris  a…
every parent deserves the opportunity to choose the education that is right for their child   scw  learn more here →…
rt  nsaa_org  thanks to  reptipton &  repanniekuster for introducing the ski area fee retention act of 2018 in the house today  see
rt  tylerevilsizer  crs is directed to publish all of its reports on a public website within 90-180 days 
today  show gratitude by thanking those who have returned from deployment wounded or ill  share your stories or exp…
rt  repkaygranger  congress s number one responsibility is to provide for the defense of this nation and this agreement enables us to fulfi…
had a great day touring  fortleonardwood and meeting with the troops stationed there
our veterans deserve better than the service they re getting from the va right now  i m committed to do better for…
i am requesting that congress withhold my salary until an appropriations agreement has taken effect 
happening now  live federal lands subcommittee on fire in national forests  natresources
rt  waysandmeansgop  the pillars of tax reform in 2017 are growth  simplicity  & service  what we are doing to make that a reality →
