i ve done a lot in congress over the years in the fight for valley water  including leading a bipartisan effort for…
i recently sat down with infrastructure week to talk about the importance of investing in infrastructure projects…
rt  repjeffdenham  bureaucrats in sacramento want to waste  170 million on a taxpayer-funded experiment to protect fish that are already be…
rt  houseappropsgop  at 1 30 pm   secretarysonny testifies before  robert_aderholt & the agriculture subcommittee on the fy19 budget for  …
as we await more details about this tragic incident  my prayers are with the families who lost loved ones 
rt  heardonthehill  members who got the most playing time at the cong basketball game were  reprichmond   replahood and  repryancostello ht…
now the terror group has lost five of its senior officials  who were captured by american and iraqi intelligence fo…
rt  umr4nih  why fund medical research  cures  jobs  economic activity keep n i hstrong
rt  housejudiciary  the house passed the allow states and victims to fight online sex trafficking act  fosta   a product of  housejudiciary …
watch  i m about to speak on the house floor about the bipartisan 21st century irs act  which will modernize the ir…
we  here in america  hold in our hands the hope of the world  the fate of the coming years  we must lead on the res…
i m excited to deliver the  lsu commencement address today  as a proud alumnus  it s a great feeling to be on this…
the problem solver caucus is working across the aisle to end the shutdown  yesterday s meeting covered government f…
rt  illinoisbeer  thanks to congressman  peterroskam for taking time to hear from local brewers and to  emmettsbeer for hosting us  smallb…
great fall day at the 10th annual randolph county fair  heard from many morris county residents 
rt  hascrepublicans  chairman  mactxpress praises restrictions to open skies treaty    russia open skies
great to talk with members of  michfarmbureau this afternoon  we discussed trade  farm bill & challenges of maintai…
it s opening day- and i am ready for the start of baseball season  this afternoon   cardinals play the mets  s t l cards
it was a privilege to meet with ohio representatives from the disabled american veterans department - we discussed…
60 new jobs  this is a huge economic development success for belfast & waldo county mepolitics
house intel committee verdict  no collusion  the goose chase for trump-russia collusion took up valuable time and h…
rt  vp  bon voyage to the uss indianapolis  god bless the brave men & women of the  usnavy
rt  sheriffcsm  thank you  repmarkmeadows and  realdonaldtrump for allowing me to have input and serve alongside you  thank you for your l…
rt  repryancostello  i supported  congressmandan &  repsinema amendment in the v aaccountability act
41 states have already reduced utility rates for consumers because of tax reform  you deserve the same 
happy president s day  learn more about the history of this holiday here 
last night  i had the honor of congratulating 5th graders from oxford county on graduating from the d a r e  progra…
happening now   secretarysonny testifies before the  houseappropsgop agriculture subcommittee on the fy19 budget f…
the white house announced that we have reached an agreement with south korea on the u s -korea free trade agreement…
did you know that companies are giving more in charitable donations because of the tax cutsand jobs act …
rt  repjohncurtis  five of the twenty best small cities for starting a business are in  you guessed it  utah  i think we are doing somethin…
last night  i voted to keep the government open & extend child health insurance for 6 years for 5 086 kids in jacks…
survey  i want to hear from you  do you have ideas on how we can combat the opioid crisis 
ready for our millennials hearing chaired by  repstefanik on college completion/affordability watch  g o p future
included in the bipartisan package of bills to reform the irs  the vita permanence act of 2017 i introduced with…
rt  hascrepublicans  chairman  mactxpress on passage of the p r i v a t e act on the house floor today
great feature story from  wkyc highlighting our  oh14  2017 congressional app challenge 1st place winner  juliana xi…
updated mobile district office hours for this week 
on tuesday in big rapids  it was an honor to present ralph wallace with service medals he earned in korea 
tune in 
greg & theresa rasch are our  angels in adoption  award winners  six children over 6 years  congratulations  god s…
happy national ag day  thank you to the south carolina agricultural community for keeping us fed 
 hfrankly u know where i stand  i argue my case unless u believe honest people can disagree that can be disconcerting too much name calling
rt  robwittman  overall  the chairman s mark better addresses our future readiness challenges  it accelerates the 355-ship navy and the exp…
 hr4  invests in america s airports
otdih congress created the  usarmy – now the world s most powerful land force  we owe much to our soldiers past and present 
ensuring the scales of just stay balanced  citizens rights
more good news   hhsgov issued new guidance to state medicaid directors  states will now have the flexibility to de…
rt if you re excited to say goodbye to this 32-year-old tax code 
teamed up with  rep_stevewomack and 12 other colleagues to intro h j res61  a bill to protect our country & protect…
our health is 1 of the most precious things we have  that s why i introduced the reach act – accelerating the reduc…
very sad to hear of the loss of lawrence fire department firefighter lt  jeffrey holt  he was a firefighter at stat…
rt  sethmoulton  my bill with  repcurbelo to ban bump stocks was cosponsored by more republicans than any other gun safety bill in recent m…
rt  repseanduffy  are new yorkers just figuring this out   🤷‍♂️🧀😂
today  reverend billy graham will lie in honor in the u s  capitol rotunda  his words spoke volume to many around t…
i m honored to serve on the hasc subcommittees on strategic forces and seapower and projection forces 
the classified memo from the house intelligence committee being discussed in the media should be released to the public 
rt  kvue   the state of our union is strong  because our people are strong  trump says  sotu 
authored a bill to improve access to cancer treatment for veterans  having to regularly endure long days of travel…
diabetes affects over 30 million americans  which is almost 10% of the us population  it was great meeting with the…
today at  housevetaffairs we advanced the va mission act which will make the veterans choice program permanent  i a…
every day  despite great personal risks  law enforcement officers across the country put on their uniforms and carr…
students and school officials  in my home state  such programs as the safe2tell initiative have already proven posi…
rt  housecommerce  icymi  washington post fact checker awards three pinocchios for claim that  fcc s restoring internet freedom order would…
the men & women who bravely serve in our military put their lives on the line every single day--both at home & abro…
i m lucky to be the son of parents who dedicated their careers to public education  i saw first-hand how a quality…
my response to  realdonaldtrump s first  sotu  
rt  kimstrassel  alternate  and reality  read  doj/fbi don t want hpsci to see what shenanigans they were up to in 2016  and now gunning fo…
rt  repdianeblack  day 5 of 31 reasons for tax reform →
small business week
  chicagotribune gets it  our tax reform plan will simplify the tax code and put more money in the pockets of middl…
huge congrats to  gojacksmbb on the summit league victory last night  go jacks march2the summit
rt  csgazette  icymi tiny air force squadron in massive fight for survival   repdlamborn involved via  xroederx htt…
the house has just passed my legislation to close a gap in burial benefits for our veterans  you can read more here…
rep  paul gosar to vote against boehner as speaker on tuesday tcot
today  tuesday  april 17  will be the last time families have to file their taxes using the outdated  burdensome  o…
our hearts go out to the community of parkland in the wake of this tragic shooting  no child should ever have to go to school in fear 
met with judge hayes this morning at the randolph county courthouse to discuss drug courts  missouri has the highes…
rt  libnofcongress  good morning from jackson  ms  excited to visit the mississippi state library and read to 2nd graders who are deaf with…
 wbtv_news as **senate democrats** vote to shut down the government  house republicans passed all 12 appropriation…
rep  leonard lance s bill to name the raritan borough post office after world war ii hero john basilone was passed…
happy birthday to the  usarmyreserve  thanks for 110 years of service and protection of our nation including oh14 s…
thanks to  midcontinent for the update on the work being done to increase broadband access across the state 
rt  unfilteredse  when we return   secupp and  reptomreed on what conor lamb s apparent win means for the gop  tune in to  hlntv now 
rt  outnumberedot  some of what we re working on at 1pm today   rajshah45  judgenap  rephalrogers  repchrisstewart the power panel and…
the central pennsylvania food bank does a tremendous job of helping to feed our neighbors who are most in need …
great point by chris with  taasa    our communities response to sexual assault must be holistic and multidisciplinary  
and let s not forget  their major cost-cutting measure was to cut off san diego and sacramento and deceive voters 
in order to maintain a sovereign nation we must hold everyone accountable to their actions  the political elite do…
i am grateful for  secretaryperry s commitment to support safeguarding our pacific northwest dams   wa04… 
please join me in praying for city of sutherland springs  texas  & all who are suffering after the horrible shooting  my heart is with you 
rt  natresources    nra   secretaryzinke is a proven leader whose policies will continue to impact hunting  wildlife conservation and land…
great meeting today with  tulanenews president mike pitts  enjoyed the update on some of the great research they re…
good news  vets id cards will be available to all veterans free of charge next month  click to learn more  sayfie
chairman  repgoodlatte  the hpsci memo  confirms the importance of the joint investigation chairman  tgowdysc and i…
kudos to president trump for hammering california politicians who have foisted the sanctuary state law on local law…
she said they expedite claims of vets who have a va disability rating of 100% permanent and total
the growth at fort gordon is tremendous but with it comes traffic  the new gate 6 will provide relief from congesti…
great to meet with a bright group of  oregontech students yesterday  thank you for sharing with me the exciting tra…
this morning   natresources reported my bill  the eastern band cherokee historic lands reacquisition act  out of ma…
bbn  march madness is here and our young cats have hit their stride  now let s win the first of six and beat davidson  go big blue 
the democrats support every item in the cr  but they are blocking a bill they actually support to play party politi…
the full cmte will hold a second markup on opioid legislation next week on thursday  may 17  2018  which was first…
rt  repgrothman  today marks the last day of our outdated  burdensome tax code  when filing taxes next year  middle class americans will fe…
according to rasmussen s daily presidential tracking poll  50% of likely u s  voters approve of  realdonaldtrump s…
rt  crohnscolitisfn  heard from  repbradwenstrup &  congressmanruiz about hr 2077- restoring the patient s voice act  if passed  this bill…
rt  cbsnews  watch  house republicans urge congress to find a solution to the daca program
today  as the  usarmyreserve celebrates 110 years of service  we thank the men and women in uniform for their stead…
started my morning the best way i know how - breakfast with our nation s wwii  vietnam  and korea veterans 🇺🇸 than…
over 25% of children in missouri s foster care system are there due to parental drug abuse  we need to do all we ca…
rt  marthamaccallum  it s always a great time when  tgowdysc and  senatortimscott stop by the story set  make sure to check out their book…
 numismatics you mean there s a natural cycle of heating and cooling that s been going on since long before modern…
heart goes out to victims of nyc terror attack  must toughen vetting procedures and shift to merit-based immigration system to protect u s 
rt  hudsongovrel  on thursday from 2-3pm  hudson s  sethcropsey  director of the center for american seapower  sits down with rep   robwitt…
it s past time we sell these properties  which cost taxpayers billions each year  glad we ve hit this fasta milesto…
tune in  i ll be on with  chrissalcedotx at about 8 30am et to discuss today s  fema  hearing  my iran bill  and russia 
a top digital strategist for the obama campaign said facebook allowed them to use data in ways others could not bec…
yet another report that millions of consumers may have been affected by a data breach  it is estimated that 5 milli…
behind the scenes at today s discussion on merit  h r  559  at  freedomworks headquarters in washington  dc  on ave…
rt  repdrewferguson   hr4  will help the united states be the best place in the world to do business  learn more at
sending our best wishes to melody harlan of warrenton  and her  brainy bunch  teammates  who will be competing in…
rt  nfib_ia  happy some of our members could attend and hear about the success of the tax cutsand jobs act   thanks  repdavidyoung for your…
congratulations to 2018 congressional art competition first place winner and  bayardtigers student  arielle buck 
the r e v i e wact protects american business from implementing high cost regulations while under judiciary review   hr5 
good economic news  the u s  added 164 000 new jobs in april and the unemployment rate fell to 3 9%  the lowest sin…
  vp is right  walls work  no more watching our borders flooded with illegal immigration  it s time to…
 hanksofamerica  cptwho  indivisible_oc constituents come to district by appointment so arrogant disrupters don t interfere services there
today   houseforeign passed bill prohibiting future cash payments to iran – the world s leading state sponsor of terrorism – for any reason 
this morning s member day hearing is live now 
i asked secretary ross why he and the administration ignored the view of secretary mattis and proceeded with the tariffs   
the senate votes at noon to reopen the government  will  senatedems continue to block funding  or will they end th…
rt  orsognapaula   conawaytx11 i am watching committee hearings  thank you we are a navy family  i support our military 100% 
rt  senthomtillis  please keep these brave men and women in your thoughts and prayers 
rt  waysandmeansgop  tax cuts are helping american families in all 50 states from sea 🌊 to shining sea🌊  how  ⬇️
2/ the event is from 10a - 2p and is located at the casi building on 8th street 
we re supporting the march of dimes in washington  d c  guess what we re serving 
e-verify provides employers with a reliable mechanism to confirm that their new hires are authorized to work in the…
ssgt peck  thank you for answering the call and wearing the uniform   sotu 
working with conferees on the fy18 national defense authorization act  getting things done for america 
view a full list of companies taking similar action as a direct result of the tax cuts and jobs act here …
rt  craigcaplan  south carolina republican congressman joe wilson led codel of house republicans to attend today s us embassy in jerusalem…
you can t ignore isis /  isis and the lonely young american  ny times article here 
my family and i are praying for  dallaspd officer crystal almeida  the  homedepot employee  and the loved ones of o…
enjoyed visiting with gary harrison today from montgomery  gary is in dc with the national…
if you truly believe that then join us in fighting to defund planned parenthood — they slaughter hundreds of thousa…
we are now considering h r  5353  eliminating opioid-related infectious diseases act find all bills from today s…
rt  speakerryan  tomorrow is a day years in the making  the house will vote on the most sweeping  pro-growth tax reform legislation since r…
this morning s hearing marked the completion of our  uscbo oversight series and the first comprehensive review of t…
edison and hanover school districts will be closed wednesday  the sheriff s office said people who are affected by…
kentucky suffers from the third highest drug overdose mortality rate in the country  we must do more to fight this epidemic   sotu 
rt  restoredelta  louisiana accounts for 80% of total coastal wetland loss in the u s  here are the projects that help build a resilient co…
as the reverend billy graham lies in honor today  we take time to reflect on his powerful message  the lives that h…
thanks to all those who came out for yesterday s neighborhood office hours and our open door after four  here s whe…
attended  jocogov chair eilert s state of the county today and visited with local leaders  andyhuckaba of lenexa ci…
honored to have joined the citizens for fort campbell breakfast  fort campbell played a critical role in getting th…
happy 110th birthday to the  usarmyreserve  we thank you all for your service 
rt  outnumberedot  still ahead   rep_hunter on immigration and sanctuary cities  deftechpat on facebook  kristinbtate &  jdmaccoby on  b… 
barbara and president george h w  bush were close friends and helpful as i started my career in congress  my though…
 more must be done for transitioning youth w/ autism  gao report details challenges for aging out generation  
look what arrived to my office  the  red line  copy of my bill signed into law to authorize  dhsbluecampaign and th…
today  the washington special interest lobbyists lost  and hard-working american taxpayers and job creators won wit…
during national police week  we honor the men & women in blue who enforce our laws  keep the peace  and carry out ju…
 ephrata high school student wins congressional art competition for the 4th district  via  ifiberonenews  wa04 
tomorrow  i hope you ll join me in  ga10  for two unveiling ceremonies of historical documents  entitled the foundat…
just uploaded photos from february  check them out here -&gt 
rt  kbtxkathleen  i m transcribing a q&a barbara bush did with young students a few years back  and i am blown away by her absolute fiercen…
rt  secretarysonny  while walking the halls at  canratmsu  thought we d stop into prof  bridget behe s horriculture management class  senio…
rt  financialcmte  icymi  senator  mikecrapo &  rephensarling  along with 38 senators and 75 representatives  filed an amicus brief in supp…
rt  vp  speaking now in colorado springs at the 34th space symposium  listen live now   34ss 
thanks  potus  realdonaldtrump for your leadership working to increase choices in the health insurance market 
today congress delivered on its promise to the american people by passing comprehensive tax reform for the first ti…
praying for senator  thomtillis and his family this morning 
1  provide school threat assessment and crisis intervention teams  stop school violence act
i am pleased that the farm bill contains provisions that will directly help upstate new york farmers  with the inpu…
our consumer confidence rebounds to nearly an 18 year high thanks to  potus s tax cuts  and  taxreformer is confirm…
5️⃣0️⃣0️⃣  companies are raising wages  paying bonuses  improving benefits  or lowering utility rates because of ta…
taking your questions about the tax cutsand jobs act  releasethememo  and more with  larrygloverlive …
here we go with reason 1➡️ our broken tax code is a drag on our economy 
thanks for stopping by and meeting with my team   alstexas  a l s advocacy a l s hill day18
thank you for the visit 
rt  edworkforce  today  the house passed the budget and cleared the way for comprehensive tax reform  the council of economic advisers foun…
ap  january wages rose at the fastest pace in more than eight years 
rt  housesmallbiz  🚨 february 1st 🚨 check your check this morning — odds are you ll have more money in it thanks to the tax cutsand jobs act…
rt  vp  with big increases in manufacturing and construction jobs  i m traveling to ohio this afternoon to highlight how the trump tax cuts…
the hire more heroes act is only the beginning of americas new congress 
 by next year  millennials will count for approximately 80 % of our people   terrimcclements  pwc_llp g o p future
95% of democrats in congress voted for a government shutdown - 94% of republicans in congress voted against it  schumer shutdown
 repgoodlatte do you know anybody else being censored on social media   diamondandsilk oh yea  even the president…
he has risen  wishing you all a peaceful and joy-filled easter  surrounded by loved ones  happy easter  il16 
 usab4l the founder s setup could possibly have worked if not for the 17th amendment 
rt  sbgc2c    conawaytx11 on tax reform   it s a victory for our economy  it s the right thing to do  and yes  by the way  i think it will…
  mrsb1stgraders thanks your question  ask buddy
just in  the joint select committee on budget & appropriations process reform will begin its work on thursday  marc…
take a look at my e-newsletter to see what i did this week in washington →
rt  repkristinoem  worked hard alongside  realdonaldtrump to negotiate historic tax cuts  and now we re seeing our legislation at work in s…
thanks  purduetap for updating me on the services and solutions you provide to local manufacturers  looking forward…
rt  idhs  hoosiers can report damage from heavy rain and flooding 
inspiring conversation this week with  chsofnj_bpc on importance of  stem  and after-school programs
rt  speakerboehner  here s the latest on the house s investigation into the grisly practices embraced by planned parenthood 
we considered 116 amendments on the house floor in open debate and worked to find common ground where we could make…
 the right of citizens of the united states  who are 18 years of age or older  to vote  shall not be denied or abri…
rt  housecommerce  icymi  video highlights of sub environment chairman  repshimkus s bipartisan special order on the nuclear waste policy a…
i look forward to working on  housejudiciary with  repgoodlatte on advancing solutions to effectively address the o…
my mom was a public school teacher in cabarrus county  & i saw how hard teachers work & how much they care for thei…
i was honored to speak at the  sachamber congressional lunch series about my work in congress for  tx23   i ll conti…
in light of this meeting  i m re-upping my op-ed from last year calling for congressional term limits 
rt  club4growth  🏆 congratulations  repjeffduncan for being a  defender of economic freedom  on the club for growth s 2017 scorecard  check…
icymi  chairman  repmccaul attended a  whitehouse roundtable discussion with  potus to address the threat sanctuary…
rt  springfieldnl  wow voted best aquarium in america
let s go  wrightstate  march madness🏀
 haveahappyday12 yes  i was near the aisle too 
rt  galvcotx  nearest evacuation shelters for dickinson mandatory evacuation order  clear creek h s 2305 e  main st   league   
rt  intflc  our deepest thanks go to the hon   repcomstock for being with us tonight at the international festival of language and culture …
taxpayers in all 50 states are getting nothing for the  30 billion they re on the hook for because of the federal g…
today i released the latest edition of my waste watch report  the farm bill edition  which identifies 10 examples o…
thanks so much for meeting with me 
interested in attending a service academy next year  deadline to apply for  ga06  cong  nomination is 9/30/16   5pm ⇨
great devotion today  jesuscalling
rt  reprooney  proud to cosponsor the congressional accountability and hush fund elimination act introduced by  repdesantis
rt  repseanduffy  i support aid for puerto rico  but sadly  bill was not just direct relief to the island  included deceptive  16b bailout…
since the day robert mueller was appointed  i have expressed my confidence in his ability to aggressively pursue th…
 ga03  is blessed to have so many talented students who were nominated to military service academies this year  i wa…
rt  secretaryzinke  a beautiful and moving ceremony today honoring  interior lawenforcement officers  we are home to about 4 000 officers…
today  my colleague  repdebdingell and i introduced worst-case scenario hospital preparedness act  read more 
thornberry announces 2017 congressional art competition
rt  housecommerce  cmte leaders  repgregwalden   marshablackburn   boblatta   greggharper request additional info from  apple on throttling…
rt  jecrepublicans  it s a must watch  given this is powell s first presser as chairman 
rt  stevescalise  every democrat voted against cutting taxes to put money back in the pockets of families throughout our country  the amer…
my bill  which just passed the house  will help low and middle income families  plus the locally-owned businesses…
the committee hearing with  ustreasury secretary  stevenmnuchin1 is currently in recess due to house votes  we will reconvene afterwards 
rt  wsmv  tornado watch issued for middle tennessee until 11 p m  pds designation for watch area in southern middle tennessee
bordersecurity bluelivesmatter
after listening to president trump s  sotu   we can agree as individuals and as a country we are better off now than…
rt  foxbusiness    jim_jordan   the left will never be happy until they can grab just about everybody s tax money  
rt  waysandmeansgop  people across our country are seeing the benefits of taxreform  hear their stories ▶️  financialcmte
tax reform works learn more at
thanks to the team at neal brothers for hosting me today  enjoyed the visit 
voted no on omni  a 2k  pg   1 3 tril spending bill us can t afford  released just last night  there are many pos e…
a huge thank you to  sogachampions for stopping by the office today 
rt  attyabdul  we get various political perspectives today on the week in politics from  wibc_ericberman  repjimbanks  johnzody  chairmanhu…
to all the brave men and women who serve and protect our communities in indiana every day  thank you …
 potus  3 million new jobs since election day  promise made promise kept 
  jlath1026 thanks for your question 
chris hahn   judge jeanine  ag lynch instructing jim comey  call clinton investigation a  matter  not a prob  so fbi  fed bureau of matters 
to the men and women who have been killed in the line of duty  our country is forever indebted to your service and…
rt  faithandfreedom   this is not about taking away anyone s right to abortion or changing their mind — although i d like to  but that s no…
chairman  drphilroe  it s no coincidence the first thing the president said about serving veterans was giving them…
my staff had the opportunity to view an iron dome system yesterday at  aipac s policy conference  this system  whic…
rt  uscapitol  here are 5 of the creepiest legends about the capitol building for friday the13th 
there is nothing in this funding measure that dems disagree with  schumer and his followers have willfully shutdown…
i want to congratulate katelyn higgins of winterville for being named a distinguished finalist in the 23rd annual…
rt  acufoundation  with a 2017 a c u frating of 93%  repbuddycarter has earned our conservative excellence award for his dedication to conser…
thank you for having me  i was very excited to learn about all the great developments happening at  benekeithfoods 
watch the markup of the obamacare repeal & replace at  housecommerce live  we will work to improve the bill today 
rt  natresources  the house also passed the bureau of reclamation pumped storage hydropower development act by  repdlamborn to improve our…
 rmconservative  mepfuller one could hope 
it has been 31 years since the last major overhaul of america s tax code  31 reasons for taxreform starts today 
i am about to give a washington update on  kwtx news 10 this morning  tune in or watch online
thank you to all the constituents who came out to my 16th coffee with your congresswoman yesterday in south glens f…
how about a  usmc  tbt   when i retired from the marine corps i handed the flag to one of the most qualified men i…
last week   repabraham & i discussed our strong opposition to atc privatization with  aopa  no privatized a t c
 this bill provides the funding to ensure this security  and also to maintain necessary operations to keep the comp…
let s keep your money in your wallet - not the federal government s  click here to learn how …
medicare   social security are running out of money  house republicans are fighting for solutions to save & secure…
if there is something we all know about mayor hogan  is that he is a fighter  just like he has fought for our commu…
rt  mikecrapo  reminder  there are two more dates scheduled for military service academy information days coming up  april 7 in boise and a…
happy idaho day - watch my twitter throughout the day to see some fun facts about this beautiful state that we call…
happy easter to all who celebrate  wishing you a blessed and peaceful day as we reflect on the hope of christ 
very grateful to everyone who stopped by our sd sunrise coffee this morning 
the conscience protection act would protect pro life health care providers from forced complicity in abortion …
had a great meeting with representatives from  ducksunlimited this afternoon to talk about the important roles that…
the story of hot springs native jack coleman cook is one of heroism and making the ultimate sacrifice for his fello…
icymi  on tuesday   senatorisakson and i introduced legislation to close a gap in burial benefits for our veterans…
rt  jecrepublicans  economic outlook hearing with  whitehousecea chair kevin hassett starting now  watch live →
rt  seanmmcnally  other than my boss   reploubarletta comparing vmt to dippin  dots  the funding source of the future - and it s never the…
the typical family of four in  tx25  will receive an average tax cut of  2 746  next year  americans will continue t…
want more information about the tax cutsand jobs act  check out
we ve all heard the quote before   in this world nothing can be said to be certain  except death and taxes   tonigh…
live on the house floor to discuss tax reform  cspan
as we gather with family and friends to celebrate the holidays  i want to wish everyone in  al05  a merry christmas…
joining  kevinwallradio today at 12 30 pm et  9 30 am pt  to discuss yesterday s reno town hall  be sure to tune in 
i have read the four page classified memo and signed a letter to chairman nunes to have it de-classified  the conte…
homeland security committee  official  syrian refugee report  -- despite intelligence gaps and absent the   
president trump s proposal is designed to improve our nation s infrastructure with minimal federal involvement  th…
add your name —&gt  should california repeal the new  52 billion gas tax increase that took effect today 
these days  it seems like our uniformed police officers don t always receive the respect & admiration they deserve …
it was great to celebrate the life and legacy of frederick douglass with you and the founders of these two wonderfu…
rt  springfieldnl  learn lifesaving techniques at free  stop the bleed  class saturday
e g 
in meeting with fl delegation   flgovscott &  adamputnam  need fed funding now to save our citrus  secretarysonny…
right now 43% of wisconsinites living in rural areas lack access to at least 1 broadband service  these new grants …
i share  potus s commitment to protecting intellectual property as a huge part of our economy  as part of…
with cotton back in the farm bill as a title i commodity crop and the  usda authorizing the cotton ginning cost sha…
rt  housescience    potus at  sotu    in our drive to make washington accountable  we have eliminated more regulations in our first year tha…
rt  lsctweets  congressman  repfredupton congratulates lsc on great news on funding but says the fight isn t over  justice for all is a bip…
the committee will reconvene at 9 30 pm  watch live on  cspan or online here --&gt 
at tonight s fordyce chamber annual banquet and awards ceremony  i met some of the city s most inspiring citizens a…
good to see  i was proud to introduce bipartisan/bicameral legislation to preserve/improve the historic tax credit…
i m proud to be an advocate for our senior community mn02
fast fact  rep  sensenbrenner s town hall meetings are held in 49 unique communities throughout  wi05 
 govmattbevin & i join the rest of kentucky in welcoming enerblü to pikeville & lexington with 975 jobs  we are bui…
preserving  bereacollege s mission to provide tuition-free education to low-income students has been a priority for…
this bill is a commonsense way to keep both our agriculture safety net strong  and streamline the requirements when…
congrats to all of the graduates of the leadership chemung program  i am impressed by your leadership and dedicatio…
my thoughts and prayers are with the clarksville community and the families who were affected by the horrible torna…
while i applaud the cooperation with allies  how did we have time to do all of that yet fail to even brief congress…
for a deal allegedly not built on trust  we are putting a great deal of faith in the iranian government
i had the incredible honor of recognizing mark johnson on the house floor earlier this week  mark completed a doubl…
i was at cedar grove elementary school in toms river to celebrate read across america  which is held on the birthda…
rt  bschoenburg  lahood named to house ways and means committee
it s so important that our kids understand the dangers of drugs and other harmful activities and learn how to addre…
i m excited to announce  aaronflint will serve as the new state director for the congressional office  he s a veteran and a true montanan 
there s never been a better time to own or expand a smallbiz in  co06   join me and our local participating partner…
america must maintain its competitive edge in space  colorado companies big and small should be at the forefront of…
gov   henrymcmaster made sure each  sc05  county has potential to grow economically & opportunity for great investme…
happy labor day  today we celebrate the grit  determination  and ingenuity of the american worker american labor
happy mothers day to all of the wonderful moms out there  especially my mom  katherine  and my wife  wrenzie 
rt  housegop  this is how we will combat the opioidcrisis  1  expand access to treatment and recovery  2  invest in increased law enforce…
hr 490  the heartbeat protection act has far & away more support in congress than any other pro-life bill  and all…
we remember the men  women  and children who were killed during the attack on pearl harbor -- a date which continues to live in infamy 
last week i sat down with my colleagues  and friends   repbeatty and  pattiberi to talk about setting the table for…
so great to see  capitolpolice officer david bailey back at work now after heroically shooting dead the lunatic tar…
rt  mnpdnashville  breaking  travis reinking apprehended moments ago in a wooded area near old hickory blvd & hobson pk 
rt  kelmej  this has led  repwalterjones to ask  mickmulvaneyomb for an updat eon the implementation of 2017 bans and asked  houseappropsgo…
i am saddened to hear the loss of ruth thone  former first lady of nebraska  mother of three daughters  spirited ac…
tomorrow morning the subcommittee on workforce protections will hold a hearing on  a more effective and collaborati…
 streamlined tax code to help rural washington thrive  by wa state grange via  yakima_herald  wa04  tax reform…
rt  rxsummit     rephalrogers   repbuddycarter   repkclark   senatorhassan and  senmarkey are about to give their congressional updates on…
attn  co03  high school students  the deadline for the congressional art competition is rapidly approaching  don t m…
it was an honor to be invited to speak to our future leaders at westlake christian school in palm harbor this morni…
good morning from kalamazoo  honored to participate in the cystic fibrosis foundation great strides walk  mi06 
cheering on the  nevadawolfpack from washington tonight  march madness battle born back the pack
thumbs up all around for my visit and selfie with  ccscougarsports 8th graders today  what a great group of student…
this week  we remember the women and men who serve our communities and put their lives on the line every week of th…
reminder  i am holding a conference call with your congressman at 6 p m  cst 
in case you missed it  catch up on the latest edition of my weekly newsletter 
 there are plenty of in-demand jobs available  but individuals with the skills and qualifications needed to fill th…
happening now  the committee has started the hearing on three  financialcmte bills - hr 1116  tailor act of 2017  h…
but social security s problems when it comes to disability insurance program is more than just wait times that are far too long 
prayers are with  stevescalise and everyone injured this morning in alexandria  thanks to the  capitolpolice for the job they do every day
please follow  secretaryzinke for updates on my work for america s publiclands as i serve as the 52nd secretary of the  interior mtpol
rt  speakerryan  this day is long overdue  on behalf of congress  i am humbled to present the congressional gold medal to the filipino vete…
i joined my colleagues from michigan to talk about what taxreform means to our state & to share testimonials i ve…
happening now 
today  waysandmeansgop released the tax cuts and jobs act – a pro-growth tax reform plan  read the bill here 
unclear why some are so scared of a genuine debate of their own ideas  sad  let s have a debate on  repgoodlatte s…
if left undiscovered  fraud rings like eric conn & new york city have the potential to cost hard-working taxpayers billions of dollars 11/12
rt  markamodeinv2   2/3  special thanks to  the vietnam helicopter pilots assoc  the vietnam helicopter crew members assoc  the executive…
u s  congressman  national right to life  nrlc is preventing a vote on bill protecting all babies with a beating he…
today we honor the extraordinary life and legacy of dr  martin luther king  jr  who never wavered from his commitme…
rt  cspanwj  read on air   hillary clinton would ve fired comey  too  via  usatoday
thank you  potus  let s bring these men home 
rt  thechli  chli vice-chairman  mariodb   tonight we honor a great leader   roslehtinen  for her outstanding public service  from educator…
rt  pbg19  great to see  samhsagov supporting the  repmullin and  repblumenauer overdose prevention and patient safety act  h r  3545   htt…
q  should we teach sexual assault awareness at an earlier age  in hs  etc  a   justinonwenu responds  yes  we need…
sign up to receive my e-newsletter & participate in my next telephone town hall  scheduled for november 14 at 6 15…
rt  fogarty_nih    tomcoleok04 honors our namesake rep john fogarty & expresses support for global health research via  annaedney
israeli prime minister  netanyahu exposed what we ve all suspected - iran cannot be trusted and is pursuing means t…
for more information about how the committee is reforming music licensing laws to help artists  read chairman goodl…
rt  vp  received a warm welcome in the tar heel state   secelainechao & i will be meeting with local businesses to discuss improving infras…
glad to see david bernhardt  a rifle-native and grad of the univ  of northern colorado  nominated by as the dep  sect  of the interior today
proud to sign onto h r  4747  the defending u s  government communications act- this common sense bill will prevent…
we also passed legislation calling for the army corps of engineers to release the brandon road report and…
my first read of the day   sheriffs wait to see details on trump plan for soldiers on the border  …
rt  rephultgren  59-0 passage of the protecting veterans credit act in  financialcmte shows the bill is common sense  enough veterans have…
freedom-seeking people everywhere once again have a friend in the usa  the protesters risking their lives in iran…
rt  houseagnews  the 2018 farm bill establishes opportunities for our work-capable  snap  recipients  anyone receiving snap will be guarantee…
 potus must stop the moral equivalency  again  white supremacists were to blame for the violence in charlottesville 
american apparel was just named the opp business of the year  the company employs almost 750 people in the area  an…
rt  sarahdwire  issa joins california cities in urging congress to keep state and local tax deduction via  latimes
rt  replukemesser  legislation i authored makes it easier for our veterans to take the first step toward a college degree after serving our…
under dr  charles steger s visionary leadership   virginia_tech became the premier educational institution we know…
last week  the house agriculture committee introduced legislation for the 2018 farm bill  https //t co/s4kzvo5ixk  …
happy to stop by the burnsville branch of us bank-- recently  they gave 60 000 employees a  1 000 bonus thx to hist…
  fy17ndaa  gives our troops their biggest raise in 6 years  thank you for your service   hascrepublicans…
nov 2017 we talked about us tanks ending up in the hands of iranian-backed militias  new military audit confirms  …
last night members of congress were given a 2 232-page bill that outlines  1 3 trillion in spending  there is no wa…
the stand down is an opportunity for veterans to seek help with housing eligibility  va and social security benefits  and other services 
this past week  we celebrated the last time we ll have to file under the old  outdated tax code  here s what we hav…
lyme disease and other tick-borne related illnesses are increasingly common across the country  especially in the n…
new july 2016 texts between peter strzok and lisa page show a troubling reference to former fbi director james come…
rt  americanlungpa    lungforce hero  ashmurosky visits with  repscottperry during advocacy day  jeffseyler
rt  repkristinoem  breaking &gt &gt  the farm bill got the ok from committee today  next stop  house floor  proud of the work done on this bill a…
congress is setting up  realdonaldtrump to sign another omnibus on or before september 30th  the date the omnibus…
rt  stevescalise    potus has made good progress on protecting our communities from gang violence   sotu 
as prime minister  netanyahu said   you can only build peace on truth   and the truth is that jerusalem has been an…
rt  whsvnews  goodlatte pushes for food stamp reform in farm bill
i was honored to receive the national association of manufacturers  nam  award last week during my visit to altec 
as it relates to the most recent presidential election  more and more stones are being overturned as we learn about…
this week i visited the  usgs hammond bay biological station  they are doing great work to fight invasive species 
right now we re debating the volunteer income tax assistance permanence act  this important program helps low-incom…
the rule of law in a first world country is priceless & cannot be salvaged from amnesty 
rt  cathymcmorris  i was the first person in my family to graduate from college  that dream was made possible when i started saving from my…
myth   making data public would reveal confidential patient data… 
➖ for reference - all three of j r r  tolkiens  lord of the rings  books combined equal just over 1200 pages  ➖ go…
rt  toendhunger    repchrissmith at  hungercenter receiving his second award in 2 hours for his commitment to endhunger around the globe …
she was raised on a new mexico ranch with an appetite for flight  & is now hailed as a hero in my eyes & in those a…
must read op-ed  a new hearing for a convicted double murderer because of proposition 57 is  so wrong 
the georgia military veteran s hall of fame is looking for ga veterans to immortalize for their military service  y…
tax reform  ups announces  12 billion in new investments  lowes to provide bonuses for more than 260 000 hourly em…
rt  speakerryan  for the first time since 1986  both the house and senate have passed a major overhaul of our tax code  i look forward to a…
 nickcapozzoli read the entire plan nick — it s more than one provision 
thanks to  iowagrocers  hyvee  fareway_stores  keiths_foods for stopping by to discuss the future of retail consume…
today in 1901  the txlege proclaimed the bluebonnet the state flower of texas 
major tim gratton honoring the men and women who have  been there and done that  at fvcc vietnam veterans ceremony
rt  riponadvance  a new caucus in congress from  repryancostello aims to help those who commit to a career in public service 
tune in at 2pm to watch the economic opportunity subcommittee s hearing on the  deptvetaffairs implementation of th…
rt  housegop  the tax cutsand jobs act has passed →  potus  it s off to you 
jazz are playing like hard scrabble working men   go jazz     utahjazz
check out my q&a w/  insideradv in this week s edition of inside democracy  from the peach state to the potomac  wh…
rt  waterfurnace  special thanks to  reptrey  for being part of a bipartisan team of geothermal champions in congress  trey acted to protec…
whose side are they on  further thoughts on schumer shutdown  no amnesty
rt  smithcassie  waco s congressman  repbillflores delivered commendations to three central texas veterans for their service and continued…
for an ongoing list of companies giving bonuses  pay raises  and new investments as a direct result of the tax cuts…
great work  braden river  sayfie
alison - report is not finalized yet  it is currently w/ dem members of house intel committee for their input  then…
hosting a veterans town hall in winnemucca feb 10   10 am  come out & learn more about how my office can help 
icymi  unsure of what s covered in the current budget process  easy explanation here 
rt  housegop  you can t deny that the tax cutsand jobs act is benefitting americans in big ways  1  nearly 83 million americans are seeing lo…
a future hall of famer takes the mound at  nolanryanjh -  ashleybmarquez is our new longhorn principal   alvinisd
the collaborative brings together over 25 veterans and veteran friendly organizations from across loudoun county an…
san antonio is 🏠 to  jbsa_official  nsa tx  80k  military & civilian pros  the dod s only level 1 trauma center & 2…
in addition  i was honored to present the students and the school with an american flag that was flown over the u s…
i m proud & thrilled to see a *majority* of the house now co-sponsoring my bipartisan bill to repeal the unfair…
the c h o i c e act promotes economic opportunity on main street & restores accountability on wall street …
breaking news  the house has overwhelmingly approved  hr4  
on  foxnews just now juan williams said   there are lots of  white guys  you know i m thinking of ann coulter  mark…
rt  houseagnews    conawaytx11 on getting  snap  policy right  it s about helping every citizen realize the american dream by modernizing a…
businesses will be able to immediately write off the full cost of new equipment to improve operations and enhance t…
today is law enforcement appreciation day  and i want to thank all the men and women in blue who serve and protect us…
 a republic if can keep it     if the usa does not check judicial overreach  the republic is in grave peril  how ca…
to all those celebrating passover  chag sameach 
reckless  misguided and potentially catastrophic to florida  our economy  environment and way of life is at stake i…
today i supported extending funding for the children s health insurance program  chip  so no state  including wa  wi…
great to meet with you  thank you for coming to the office today 
rt  missourichamber  the creative business thrives in missouri — giving rise to some of the world s most prominent creative minds such as w…
chairman  usreprodney  by the end of the week   houseappropsgop will have held nearly 75 budget hearings  the power…
rt  vp  in the motor city  fiat chrysler is giving out  2 000-tax cut bonuses to all of its workers  and they re going to move their entire…
proud to stand with  potus trump in support of standing for national anthem in support of america s military and police 
my bill to protect americans from excessive regulatory burdens passed the house  enough is enough   housejudiciary
early morning turkey hunting with my minnesota colleague colin peterson
happening now   hascrepublicans hearing on  assessing military service acquisition reform   tune in 
happy birthday to the  usairforce  thank you to all the brave men & women who defend our great country in the air …
about to host a tele-town hall  we have three questions to ask you  and want to hear what you think 
icymi — i was glad to discuss my vote against friday s omnibus bill yesterday on  foxnews  as i told host…
rt  speakerryan  in just the last 24 hours  four major us companies have announced increased wages  employee benefits  and investments in t…
another sign of how america has benefited from taxreform 
carol and i send our warmest wishes for a joyful spring and blessed easter 
cd11 counties have been designated for individual assistance  visit for application info  hurricane irma2017
godfrey and wing inc  were able to purchase new equipment and are renovating their offices because of the breaks th…
i m live with  wowofortwayne  tune in ➡️
the s t a r act passed the senate last night  now we need to get this critical piece of legislation passed in the hous…
rt  deptvetaffairs  meaningful employment is such an important part of helping a veteran remain in stable housing — or avoid homelessness a…
rt  speakerryan  my statement on the department of justice s indictments against russian nationals and entities→ ht…
in far too many cases  the internet has been used to buy and sell our kids for sex  proud to help lead the house in…
sites reservoir is crucial for ca  would ve saved est  600 000 acre/feet of water so far this winter alone  let s n…
 icymi  in the monahans news  part of i-20 in ward county  tx23  is officially the trooper billy jack zachary memori…
asset tests used to determine eligibility for the snap program have not been updated in decades  the farm bill mode…
good to catch up with  benwsyx6  talking health care  tax reform  opiates and other issues affecting  oh15  
i ve voted 4 times to support the children s health insurance program  chip   yesterday i voted for a six-year reau…
our modern heroes bear the heaviest burden and the greatest risks in our defense  secretary mattis is right – it s…
 realdonaldtrump announced that he will be terminating the united states  participation in the joint comprehensive…
great to meet with  oh  youth advisory board today to discuss the fostering stable housing opportunities act  a bill…
today is military and veteran recognition day of national park week  the  natlparkservice employs 5 800 active-duty…
rt  housegop   every american can readthebill at  cathymcmorris
on april 19th at 4 30 pm  i will be honoring vietnam veterans at the national guard armory in woodstock  to registe…
i enjoyed meeting with folks at the walk for epilepsy over the weekend and learning more about the research happeni…
rt  secretaryzinke  president trump and i worked with congress to create a bipartisan plan to rebuild  natlparkservice  great article by co…
the numbers speak for themselves - report estimates the tax cuts and jobs act will raise wages & create jobs in ca --&gt …
five seconds of fame   sotu 
speaking to  therealnmma this morning about my work and legislation to support workforce development  🛥 abc2018
today the house voted to invest in defense & modernize our military  i strongly support the  fy18ndaa  my statement …
rt  spencerpylant  thanks   mariodb  for your time w/ the  miamichamber & your work to increase federal transportation & housing funding  w…
rt  rulesreps  chairman  petesessions now welcomes the  houseagnews chairman  conawaytx11 to testify on h r  2  the agriculture and nutriti…
the economic development subcommittee will hold a hearing this morning at 10 30 am on the impacts of the 2017 wildf…
we have spoken with rep  mitchell and he is okay  - staff
today we celebrate the historic opening of the u s  embassy in jerusalem  in recognizing this monumental event and…
rt  ewirzba  great to see  repryancostello discuss clean energy  impacts jobs  public health  ghg emissions  security  citiz4solutions cle…
this morning  i had a local food farmer roundtable w/  ilstewards  i heard from them what challenges local organic…
today marks the beginning of the 2nd session of the 115th congress  before we close the door on the 1st session  i…
rt  housesmallbiz  happy national small business week to our nation s 30 million small businesses  entrepreneurs  and innovators  when ameri…
breaking  w&m released a discussion draft of legislation to reauthorize the temporary assistance for needy families…
happy new year  wishing you and your loved ones a wonderful 2018 
rt  wuky  congressman barr and secretary carson take tour of hope center in lex  talks of helping those in recovery 
icymi  thanks again for visiting us in western  pa   secretaryzinke to present a grant that will provide nearly  55 …
in washington  too often  we get away from the process and i support following the process via  melissaafrancis…
met with dawn chapman and karen nickel of  justmomsstl this morning to discuss the epa s recently proposed record…
 cmarymac so u think in every election they agreed with u but voted 4 me  maybe u should consider that they may not agree with u
we are moving swiftly and now considering h r  3331 find all bills from today s full cmte markup here &gt &gt 
i shared a bunch of tax reform success stories -- both individuals and businesses -- from my district this week on…
thank you for the birthday wishes   rfbo  i m very proud of the amazing work you all are doing for our state 
i wanted to take a minute to thank everyone who joined the telephone town hall on monday night  i appreciated heari…
 icymi    ups has announced they will invest  12 billion into logistics and  5 billion into pensions thanks to…
chairman  petesessions will be managing the combined rule for the conference report for hr 1  tax cuts and jobs act…
about to go  live  on  kusinews  tune in 
rt  garyshapiro  the u s  must retain its position as the global leader in  ai   watch my testimony today on behalf of  ctatech s 2 200  mem…
more good news  dickinson county based company us special delivery announced that all 200 employees will be receivi…
proud to join  ccainstitute in recognizing a  tx11  family s inspiring story of love  patience  and miracles
washington is the second largest lumber producer in the nation and is home to 99 manufacturing facilities that prod…
deputy jacob pickett is a hero and one of indiana s finest  we must never take for granted the service & sacrifice…
yesterday s unanimous vote sends a strong message that the house will not tolerate any sort of workplace harassment…
i joined a bipartisan group of my new york colleagues to reiterate the need to fund  chip  in any year-end measure…
the  securing america s future act  bolsters enforcement of existing immigration law  reforms legal immigration pro…
watch the  hasc  full committee s hearing entitled   space warfighting readiness  policies  authorities  and capabil…
ready to join  billhemmer on  americanewsroom to discuss why i voted for our military  and my stance on immigration…
today s bipartisan & bicameral bill  the va mission act  will improve closer-to-home health services for our vets &…
on floor to remember andrew kistler  past commander of the disabled american veterans who passed away march 9th in…
yesterday i sat down with the  wdtnews editorial board to discuss policy issues currently being debated in washingt…
rt  unfilteredse  tonight on  hlntv   secupp is joined by  reptomreed and cnn counterterrorism analyst phil mudd  plus  andylevy   comicdav…
happy 70th anniversary to america s close friend and ally  israel 🇮🇱 we stand with you and wish you a happy independence day 
rt  househomeland  live at 2pm  hearing to examine the critical role that canine teams play in securing the homeland 
this martin luther king  jr  day we honor a great american who dedicated his life to freedom  opportunity  and equa…
breaking  the stop school violence act just passed the house by a vote of 407-10  while this bill is just one step …
congressman griffith with students who were here today on behalf of the american association of colleges of osteopa…
 repdougcollins will be managing the rule on h r  3697 - the criminal alien gang member removal act  watch the  housefloor live on  cspan 
rt  financialcmte  passed  the house just passed the tailor act by  reptipton  which tailors regulations so that community financial instit…
rt  foxnews    ralphnorman on spending bill   it s really an insult to get a 2 200 document and get 16 hours to read it  if you do the math…
  killeenisd_ cte students are outstanding  great to see their creative  innovative projects today at the career ce…
i strongly condemn the governor s unjust and undemocratic executive order  which undermines the law-abiding voters of new york state
 psycho_skittle will in next 60 days have a telephonic town hall in which more will participate & prevent disrupters from interfering
the 2018 white house easter egg roll online lottery is now open  find out more about this 140-year-old tradition an…
don t let the critics fool you  the tax cut and jobs act is a win for the american people  average family of 4 gets a…
  realdonaldtrump   in america  we know that faith and family  not government and bureaucracy  are the center of th…
rt  congressdotgov  & now redirect to the new
you and your family deserve a tax code that works in your favor    here it is →
rt  nleomf  the white house will shine blue tonight on national peace officers memorial day  please remember to hang your flags at half-sta…
women-owned businesses employ millions of hardworking americans across our country  read here about how female entr…
rt  houseforeign  chairman  repedroyce discusses north korea  iran & pakistan on  foxnews with  billhemmer
i will be traveling with  potus tomorrow to  naskeywest in  fl26  for a visit and briefing from jiatf-s  a facility…
rt  toadonawire  rt  euromaestro  isis terrorist incident in south of france  police officer shot  hostages taken  breakingnews with euro…
  repmarkmeadows  due to these public safety concerns  some of my colleagues  including congressman mast  have rais…
rt  waysandmeansgop  looking for a new job  a better job  a higher-paying job  after tax reform there are now 6 6 million open jobs – a rec…
i applaud  potus for declaring the opioid epidemic a public health emergency  his leadership in this crisis will help save lives 
yesterday  i spoke on the house floor in support of the bipartisan allow states and victims to fight online sex tra…
read my statement on the death of fidel castro here→
rt  bristowathome  soon  gov   henrymcmaster and  repralphnorman announce new federal economic development zone in fairfield county 
today is national law enforcement appreciation day  thank you to all of the men and women in uniform who work each da…
a 6 month speaker race  interesting prospect  most don t last 6 days   november election thru the first conference meeting in november 
rt  gopoversight  live now-&gt  we examine ways to resolve the shark finning problem 
the taxcutsandjobsact will simplify taxes  with nearly 9 out of 10 americans filing on a much simpler and more straightforward form 
reverend billy graham was a lion of the faith and a believer in the all-encompassing love of god for all people 
heidi king  an  oc  native and  ucirvine alum  is a passionate and experienced public servant who has dedicated her…
rt  housecommerce  chairman  repgregwalden on administration s memo to expedite infrastructure project approvals &gt &gt 
thank you  potus for nationally recognizing the inherent dignity of every life and embracing the common humanity th…
rt  speakerryan  this is great news→ tax reform has  produced the most recent boost to small-business optimism  
attention  co06  students & teachers  my office is still accepting submissions for the 2018 congressional art compet…
happy birthday   girlscouts  cheers to building girls of courage  confidence  and character  who have been civicall…
rt  sept11memorial  the 9/11 commemoration ceremony is now streaming live  honor911
rt  usarmy  happy birthday to richard overton  he turns 112 years young today and is america s oldest living man and the world s oldest li…
have you heard jordan mclinn s story  he s battling duchenne muscular dystrophy  and could benefit greatly from inc…
unmanned & automated aircraft are the future of aviation  today we re taking a look at their current and potential…
today  on international womens day   we come together to celebrate women & their incredible contributions made in th…
rt  oversightdems    repcummings  finding and keeping a job is the single most significant factor for reducing recidivism and for helping f…
on friday i had the opportunity to attend the unveiling of boeing s service life modification program  this is a bi…
watch live   waysandmeansgop hearing with commerce secretary ross
 riceuniversity offered a pilot class   critical thinking in sexuality   w/ goal to prevent sexual assault and hara…
read an op-ed written by  replipinski and i on our membership in the climate solutions caucus and the legislation w…
icymi  join me in chico for an in-person town hall meeting on monday morning  august 7  see link for details 
shipping opioids and fentanyl into america is too easy and happening too frequently  this is one of the reasons i c…
across the nation countless people march for life today  i was honored to welcome the members of southwest indiana r…
al jazeera must register as a foreign agent of qatar under fara  sent letter w  repjoshg &  sentedcruz to…
rt  mikeemanuelfox  rep  messer says potus for nobel peace prize-&gt 
this bill does not  1  force private property owners to participate in any activity or provide public access  2  af…
happy 75th birthday to the  the_uso  keep up the great work  i know our troops appreciate it  i sure did 
while this is a first step in the right direction  ms  simpson s  retirement  is not enough  this no way exonerates…
in case you missed it  the  ephcc was named the texas small chamber of the year & as the u s  chamber of the year …
rt  uk_healthcare  women often miss the signs of a heart attack until it s too late b/c their symptoms are different from men s  join us th…
today  i joined the leadership of the energy and commerce committee in fighting for better protection of our senio…
 pc1170 nonpartisan congressional research service says planned parenthood can be defunded in govt funding bill 
happy birthday from your neighbors team roskam  it only gets better 
rt  transport   tcot   freedomworks  ceidotorg  taxpayers  afphq support the 21 a i r ract & reforming our air traffic control system
rt  repdavidyoung  the new tax code doubles the child tax credit and the house ways and means committee estimates the typical middle-income…
he assured   with confidence in our armed forces  w/ the unbounding determination of our people  we will gain the i…
this week  thousands of law enforcement officers and their families will be visiting washington  dc in honor of nat…
rt  foxandfriends   if you are a local elected official and you are thumbing your nose at valid federal immigration law  you yourself are a…
ty to marie  kyla  morgan  berenger  and danny--my summer interns who have done a fantastic job in my allentown & d…
save the date - veterans information session on august 11th at the national guard armory in boone  more details at
rt  repcuellar  yesterday   repjoebarton & i hosted a bipartisan meeting w/ the texas delegation and the office of tx  govabbott to discuss…
rt  repjoewilson  today  i attended an  edworkforce subcommittee hearing on  examining the dept  of labor s proposed rule on association he…
rt  cvpayne  making money with charles payne guests  mikekellypa  repscottperry  ron4va  ashpratte  stephmhamill  ericschiffer  nedryun  …
where would we be without our moms  i m proud of the reach act  hr 4022  which helps prevent child and maternal dea…
rt  jecrepublicans  fairand simple taxreform encourages biz to invest  that means ⬆️paychecks  ⬆️job opportunities for you
great to call into  620wtmj  based in milwaukee  to talk about the iran deal  entitlements  and today s very positi…
this is why i introduced the help students repay act – to simplify and make important reforms to the student loan r…
rt  justinamash   let me add that a bill of rights is what the people are entitled to against every government on earth  general or particu…
rt  repdavidvaladao  americans in 48 states  including california  are set to see lower utility bills because of tax reform  with summer ri…
  energylawprof  the national environmental policy act environmental review process is broken   nepa 
rt  patrickmchenry  today the house voted to ensure american families and businesses like those i represent in  nc10  have access to our fin…
rt  cspan    househomeland subcmte hearing on  tsa outreach – live online here 
congrats  neptuneschools  they just received  namm s best communities for music education award for 2017
excellent meeting w/  txaccessjustice   they have helped close over 10 000 civil legal aid cases for low-income res…
i visited  tuthilltown distillery to learn more about their business and industry  changes contained in the craft b…
enjoyed spending part of the day in bogalusa at plainview baptist church celebrating the service of our vietnam vet…
as a parent  former school teacher  and the daughter of an educator  i have seen firsthand the vital importance of…
rt  dallascountyfch  great morning learning more about a pressing issue in dallas county at the childhood obesity conference hosted by  pet…
rt  foxnews    tgowdysc   the country deserves [an  fbi director] who is devoid of political taint   i have been in politics for 6 years  …
the  usahec is looking for area veterans to participate in army heritage days this weekend  veterans will have the…
i got to know  rleeermey a bit as the host of  militarymkover when he came to give my friend and local veteran…
just in  tonight the house passed my tailor act  learn more about this legislation  which will allow small banks an…
as we learn more about the senseless and tragic shooting in florida  my prayers are with the victims and all the st…
utah s low unemployment rate is largely due to the lifesciences industry  i m pleased i played a role in halting…
live in  oh12   sign up for my 📧 updates 
rt  dovescience  thank you so much  reprussell for visiting  dsa_okc and recognizing our five congressional award winners 
day 29 for 31 reasons4 tax reform→ our broken tax code encourages companies to relocate overseas 
meeting with la clinica  a community health center in medford  to discuss the importance of chip and community heal…
we continue to see investments in our communities and our citizens as a result of the tax cutsand jobs act
the pleasure was all mine - anything we can do to support our veterans 
aprox 8pm et/5pm az  i will be on the  housefloor to provide an update on cbo scores   jacob_holzman  floorcharts get ready for the charts 
our economy is on the path to success  and i applaud  housegop   speakerryan  and the trump administration for this accomplishment 
 work completed to ease flooding  beach closures near jersey shore pond  
iran deal floor speech  via  youtube
  tgowdysc  the census is critical in apportioning the most fundamental of rights - which is the right to be counted 
great to meet the team at mccreary modern woodworking  furniture manufacturing is alive and well in western north c…
president  realdonaldtrump s leadership has eased nuclear tensions in the korean penninsula and brought the leaders…
rt  cnbc  just in  at&t announces it will  pay a special  1 000 bonus to more than 200 000 at&t u s  employees  due to tax reform passage a…
rt  ivankatrump  my oped on the importance of skills-based education and workforce development in rebuilding our country s infrastructure …
rt  housegop  rt to wish the  usarmyreserve a very happy birthday  u s a r birthday110
more information for local evacuation centers and resources available through the  redcross  
many teachers had a major impact on my life  including my favorite teacher  kay ladd  she was my 1st grade teacher…
rt  housescience  ⚡️ housescience weekly wrap-up ⤵️
rescission could be used to kickstart infrastructure
had the opportunity to visit the jackson zone and hear about their innovative initiative that helps college student…
as a victim of identity theft myself  i am proud to announce that the bipartisan legislation i introduced with…
rt  housegop  this bill has overwhelming bipartisan support  we are unified to give our troops the largest pay raise in 8 years   fy18ndaa 
proud to serve with the ohio national guard  thanks for your support of puerto rico relief efforts 
rt  housevetaffairs  chairman  drphilroe statement on  speakerryan 
chairman  candicemiller s comments on  smithsonian secretary wayne clough s retirement announcement smithsonian
happy 101st birthday to our  natlparkservice  
this money includes   41 428 03 for a veteran from the va for his service connected disabilities 
nationaldayofprayer
repairing michigan s crumbling infrastructure must be a priority & i was pleased to work with numerous other offici…
h r  2936 is critically-important to rural  forested districts like  wa04  that face devastation from catastrophic wildfires 
good turn-out at the job fair i hosted today in wesley chapel with over 50 employers and 150 job seekers  thank you…
more great news  tax reform is spurring real change for real americans 
president trump s decision is a critical step toward holding the iranian regime accountable  read my full statemen…
numbers 15 30  but anyone who sins defiantly  whether native-born or foreigner  blasphemes the lord and mist be cut…
happy mother s day to my mom  kelly and all the moms on this special day 
talking to  varneyco on  foxbusiness today at 10 30am central re  illegal immigration   realdonaldtrump s  nra speech and more  tune in 
rt  repgallagher   u s  strength is key to a safer world   agreed   mactxpress 
rt  housegop  elite democrats are still calling the benefits from the tax cutsand job act  crumbs   tell that to the 4 million americans who …
defund planned parenthood while the  housegop voted to redirect funds    500-million  to more qualified medical prov…
it was my privilege to salute new castle s own usmc major eric burkett for his service & sacrifice on the floor of…
rt  acc_national   our biggest success in carbon emissions reduction has been from efficiency  not from government mandates  but from empow…
  ehomanskyeric thanks for your question  ask buddy
i m in congress to look after the future of america  an added bonus is when i get to look at…
thx for the tweet randall  always felt putting south jersey first would be the way to serve best  still do  have a…
 fy19ndaa  readiness subcommittee en bloc amendment package number two passes 
tune in  we are marking up a legislative package that will modernize the irs so that the agency can best serve amer…
3- i have been asked many times if i would be interested in a larger role on the committee someday  my response ha…
congressional accountability and hush fund elimination act is a bipartisan bill that will expose taxpayer-funded se…
such a wonderful visit with  ugasga representatives this afternoon  i appreciate that they braved the snow to come…
great to see trauma-informed care starting to gain national attention  we need to continue raising awareness of the…
this morning i spoke with  varneyco on  foxbusiness about reports that president trump proposed the military pay fo…
i m proud to participate in the 2017 congressional app challenge  high school coders  sign up now   stem… 
  fedex says it ll be giving wage increases  bonuses & make a voluntary  1 5b contribution to the company s pension…
rt  leoweekly  u s   repthomasmassie lives lighter on the earth than many environmentalists in his quest for self-reliance   the seeming…
on this tax day  i m pleased to support a package of reforms to protect taxpayers in our district  it s critical th…
will be holding a town hall meeting in sonora this thursday  july 2nd at 5 30 p m  in tuolumne county admin center
rt  jecrepublicans  here s chairman  reperikpaulsen s response to the  federalreserve  fomc  move today   america s new & faster growth is…
nate  a senior at  ohiostate  had the opportunity to shadow me today - between committee hearings and back-to-back…
glad to see groups like former mn01 dfl rep  tim penny s committee for a responsible federal budget supporting my  …
this morning the corpus christi regional economic development corporation hosted its monthly breakfast  jd & luis f…
we must show solidarity for the people of nicaragua  what is happening in nicaragua cannot be tolerated  ortega c…
i m incredibly honored to be one of 70 americans selected by  israel in making a unique contributions to the specia…
rt  usgpo  gpo s acting sudocs laurie hall will testify before the committee on house administration s hearing on  fdlp 
proud to join fellow pa colleague  repsmucker in this effort 
presenting a congressional record statement to the sylacauga high school…
as we observe police week2018   please join me in thanking those who protect and serve our communities  our law enf…
proud to announce that joan hodges from union springs is the winner of ny-24 s 2018 congressional art competition …
our mother s day card to you  happy mothers day
with deer season officially underway  be sure to wear orange & please check out the mo dept  of conservation websit…
impressed with the questions & engagement of these 7th & 8th graders at orange park jr  high  we had a great discus…
rt  periannedc   adoption [of tokens] is going to need guardrails  but these guardrails cannot inhibit innovation   said rep  david schweik…
rt  houseagnews  icymi   congressmangt dispels misinformation on  snap  in 2018 farm bill  we can all agree skill-based education is the best…
starting this friday  staff members from my office will be holding community office hours across  al05   please stop…
rt  replizcheney  today  i am proud to join  peterroskam in introducing the iran freedom policy and sanctions act  read my full statement …
my prayers and condolences to the scalia family  america lost a respected jurist and steadfast defender of the constitution today 
we also donated books to leon high school and met with students and teachers this week  after dropping off the book…
a growing economy due to tax reform means    ✔️ opportunity ✔️ jobs ✔️ bonuses ✔️ financial stability
tomorrow  find a participating disposal site for your unused & unwanted medications  together we can fight the addi…
congressman griffith s weekly e-newsletter 4 27 18 topic  what a difference a year makes
happy 60th birthday to my mom  like most mothers  my mom had a huge impact on my life and we need more like her now…
to all those who celebrate the festival of lights  have a blessed and happy hanukkah 
looking forward to a good conversation w/  mariabartiromo on  morningsmaria  join us on  foxbusiness in a few short…
📸 s from chairman bishop s hike in  zionnps  find your park utpol
while we must be cautious  announcement on korea is historic  kim jong un agrees to suspend nuclear tests while us…
view my statement on the reauthorization of the higher education act markup
rt  nebraskachamber   survey  biz optimism soars as 79% like tax bill 
thanks to  va06  staff for joining  brendancarrfcc on his stops around  va06  yesterday  increasing access to the int…
starting soon  subcommittee markup of fy19 energy and water appropriations bill  click here to watch live ➡️
today i introduced the medicaid drug improvement act  which helps give states & local governments the tools they ne…
agriculture is essential to everyday life  and today we celebrate america s farmers and all those in the agricultur…
north american surveillance systems  a firm that specializes in integrating aircraft communications  navigation  &…
announcement from house budget committee chairman  repdianeblack ↓
rt  waysandmeansgop  good read   tax cuts work because you do a better job than government spending your money  -  repdianeblack via  foxne…
thank you to members of the illinois soybean association who stopped by to discuss the upcoming farm bill  infrastr…
 the president and his administration are pleased the  housejudiciary has voted to pass prison reform legislation …
 far-reaching medicare part b changes violate separation of powers - and with cbo s blessing …
 vp is going to be visiting detroit to see firsthand the positive impacts the tax cuts & jobs act is having for sou…
these military strikes were measured and in direct response to condemned aggression and atrocities from the assad g…
happy thanksgiving from me to you  click this link to watch my thanksgiving video message 
happening now 
louise boddie dawson is a driven  strong  & remarkable constituent who lived to serve thos…
tune in today at 10 00 am est as  financialcmte begins markup of legislation  including a bill to develop a nationa…
rt  chestertwppd  with the warm weather approaching  please remember to look out for motorcycles  yard signs and car magnets are available…
congrats on a successful launch  incredible to watch and see the advancements made in this industry 
 potus is right  the state of our union is strong  because our people are strong   sotu 
rt  uscapitol  you never fail to make us smile  thanks for the support  winter storm toby
tragic news out of florida international university  praying for this community and all affected by the deadly coll…
the  deptofdefense has had it backwards recently  it is precisely because of the scale of the challenges before us…
  goppolicy task force for the american worker hearing is live now 
chairman  repgoodlatte praises house leadership for scheduling a vote on the balanced budget amendment 
glad to see the house intelligence committee voted to releasethememo and allow the american people to see the trou…
icymi  this morning i joined fox and friends to discuss presidential pardons for ramos and compean -
here s where you can find me tomorrow   
rt  stevescalise  more good news ---&gt  tax reform is driving record optimism and plans to expand among america s small businesses  small bus…
rt  mountvernonnews   repbobgibbs visits with  mvhsjackets ap history in the  mvhs_library
today   horizonbcbsnj announced it will be reinvesting  275m into nj in 2018 because of tax reform   1 
happy national ag week  agriculture is north dakota s number one industry  and we re proud to be the top producer o…
rt  housegop  the tax cutsand jobs act is a major win for families from coast to coast  1  doubled the child tax credit 2  preserved the adop…
rt  acscanmichigan  ty  congressmandan for voting yes on cures2015 & helping us work toward an end to cancer  one degree
chairman  rephensarling starts off this morning s hearing on the semi-annual testimony on the  federalreserve s sup…
rt  robertharding  rep  john katko ranked as one of the most bipartisan members of congress
rt  abcnews4  sc rep  mark sanford talks government shutdown  immigration and offshore drilling   | more 
it s difficult to know where to begin on that director comey interview w/  bretbaier  he just admitted to leaking h…
rt  zionsvillein  congresswoman  susanwbrooks  mayor  indymayorjoe  mayor  haaktim and mayor buckley attending  uwci s a future united at  …
the best path out of poverty is through work  research shows that americans who hold full-time jobs are 10x less li…
as you talk to people with disabilities  a lot of them feel like they are trapped in poverty and  able  is a way to…
to follow along with what we will be voting on in the house of representatives this week  click here 
 drmichellesays leading cong fight to legalize marijuana
rt  housecommerce  watch live  full committee markup to repeal and replace obamacare is starting now &gt &gt 
great interview with my friend  repdavebrat 
rt  housejudiciary  🚨breaking🚨  repgoodlatte  nadler  collins  jeffries  issa  johnson  smith  deutch  introduce music licensing package ht…
congratulations to  des_linden on finishing first in the boston marathon 
there are over 300 pre-trial release programs nationwide  whose participants routinely include violent and repeat o…
glad to cosponsor the classics act w/  darrellissa and thankful for his support of the music modernization act as we…
thank you to our law enforcement on the local  state  and federal levels for their tireless work in restoring peace  austin bombings
icymi  here are my comments in the  housejudiciary hearing today re  filtering practices of social media  thank you…
he is risen  wishing you and your family a blessed day  happy easter
thank you to the staff and patients at  freseniuskc center in kaukauna for taking the time to meet with me  it was…
rt  amvetshq  amvets   jchenelly regarding the planned military parade   fy19ndaa 
ronald reagan said you can accomplish great things if you don t care who gets the credit  today s announcement by…
great news in the fight against opioid abuse  there has been a 10% drop in opioid prescriptions dispensed over the…
friday night s wind storm left many residents in clinton  franklin  and essex counties without electricity  bottled…
rt  cathymcmorris  after years of stagnant wages & a stagnant economy  small business owners have a reason to dream again  small business we…
on floor to recognize the penn state westling team for another  ncaa  divsion i championship and the 7th team title in 8 years  we are  psu 
many amazing people are working 24/7 to keep people safe  team effort  sayfie
rt  housecommerce  here s some additional resources for today s zuckerberg hearing background memo  chairman  re…
get some rest folks    markupiscoming ndaa fy19ndaa
rt  carlosudot  thanks to all of the men and women on udot s avalanche team  udotavy  your early morning missions keep utah moving  thanks…
rt  cspan    secnielsen testifies before  househomeland – live online here 
rt  foreignpolicy   the goal is transparency by the foreign agents themselves and also by the universities     the american people need to…
rt  iubac  thank you  repdavejoyce   repbrianfitz   repjohnkatko   reppeteking    davereichert    repbilljohnson   replobiondo    reptommac…
punishing american service men and women  and blocking insurance for american children  is no way to fix daca  schumer shutdown
rt  joplinglobe  mort walker  the creator of beetle bailey  will be honored during a 76th anniversary celebration for  crowdercollege  htt…
rt  financialcmte  happening now 
 cfpb  senwarren  repmaxinewaters compare that to reputable studies that bothered to look   economists with the fe…
congratulations to  aggiemten on winning their second straight sec championship  gig em whoop
thanks to the crew from the alabama mortgage professional association for stopping by my office today to discuss so…
i will begin taking your questions in just a few minutes  use the hashtag ask bill johnson
rt  foxnews  tonight   tgowdysc joins  marthamaccallum in an exclusive interview for the first time on fox news channel since announcing hi…
rt  robertharding    repjohnkatko s statement on his vote for the continuing resolution  he notes that it included reauthorization of the c…
always great to see all these folks from home with  mohospitals association in my washington office  lots of import…
speaker paul ryan has been a selfless public servant and has led the house with strength and dignity  because of h…
the men and women in uniform put their lives on the line so we may enjoy our day-to-day liberties  i am so honored…
congratulations to best in show winner for the  va10  congressional art competition isabella ventimiglia from…
it s over 9 hours  almost 10  of committee mark up and all 13 democrat amendments so far have been non-germane
rt  housegop  thanks to the tax cutsand jobs act → a single parent with 1 child will save  1 304 50  this will help everyday americans dream…
scenes from this morning s coast guard hearing   uscg infrastructure hearing  repduncanhunter
rt  jonscottfnc  joining me now  repmiketurner to discuss his take on president trump s first  sotu  address  national security  and defense…
tax reform stories from  in09  → hoosier families and businesses across indiana s ninth congressional district have…
this veterans day help  librarycongress preserve veterans histories w/ l o cvets  via  youtube
this week  i was pleased the house passed a bill i co-sponsored  h  res  407  which condemns the persecutions of ch…
thank you for your sincere act of kindness and generosity  officer kelly 
ohio is quickly becoming a leader in autonomous vehicle testing and the hi-tech transportation industry 
did you know arkansas leads the nation in poultry production  happy national poultry day 
tennessee is scheduled to have severe winter weather this weekend  if you need a reminder of how to…
rt  ctbowen2    repgusbilirakis  senbillnelson hold joint hours tue  to aid pasco irma victims  10-noon at zhills library  2-4 at u  way of…
i am looking forward to joining  potus at the  epa for the signing of eo on energy independence and rescinding clean power plan
  b_fox7 thanks for your question 
enjoyed meeting with these students from weaver high before their tour of the us capitol  we…
rt  repyvetteclarke  icymi— today was the launch of the congressional smart cities caucus  co-chair  darrellissa and i thank everyone who m…
we ve been dealing w north korea since i was young capt in air force  the closer they get to nuclear icbms the more aggressive they become
the house is considering several bills to enhance small business  including to provide cyber training and improve s…
i will be on  660ksky to talk with  markdavis in 2 minutes 
rt  syrianetf     judgetedpoe   assad and his supporters will use any money for reconstruction to cover up on their crimes  the american pe…
rt  mattsgorman  i ve seen a lot of hot takes about what tax reform means for 2018  time to talk facts   
congratulations to these bright alaskans   nsb2018 
 tvt  thank you to iraq combat veteran former u s  army national guard corporal manuel sandoval for sharing his stor…
warren buffet  taxreform is a  huge tailwind  for american businesses  tax reform works →
more good news coming in from tax reform  exxon  a top energy producer for north dakota  will invest  50 billion in…
the iran deal was reckless and dangerous from the start  it never served the interest of american families and it c…
 don t gut the snap program  make it better  – read my letter to the editor in the  wsj about efforts to strengthen…
learning about apprenticeship training programs available at  hawkeyecollege - iowa needs skilled trades people 
99 years ago today  at the 11th hour of the 11th day of 11th month  wwi ended  this morning at the 11th hour  the…
thanks for the visit amb  navtejsarna
the defense spending top line for the fy19 budget which the committee will mark to is  717 billion -- a much-needed…
this week  the house passed – again – the critically important defense appropriations bill for fy 2018  proud the…
democrats are now bragging they can shut down the government  shutdown schumer
in 1986  as congress was finishing up its tax reform bill  just 18% of americans told gallup they thought their tax…
joining  outnumberedot momentarily on  foxnews
rt  realdonaldtrump  we are going to rebuild our crumbling infrastructure  and there is no better place to begin this campaign than in the…
as congress considers water legislation this spring  i m pushing hard to curb lake o discharges and combat harmful…
rt  xan_desanctis  here are some quick facts on what planned parenthood — which will receive half a billion dollars from the omnibus bill o…
rt  repcloakroom  we have begun 20 minutes of debate on the rep  shuster  r-pa   repbillshuster en bloc no  2 consisting of amendments no …
when democrats voted to shut down the government yesterday  they voted not to provide insurance to children and pre…
today  the health subcommittee held a hearing with health and human services  hhs  secretary  alex azar  about pres…
rep  sensenbrenner  opioid addiction isn t specific to any demographic  it grips individuals from all walks of life…
rt  sunfoundation  congratulations to  repmikequigley &  darrellissa  the recipients of the  alalibrary s 2018 james madison award 
this morning   repkaygranger chairs the defense subcommittee member day hearing  members of congress will testify o…
rt  cathymcmorris  today  on the 50th anniversary of dr  king s assassination  we are reminded that we are still on a journey for a more pe…
 here lies america s pastor   speaker paul ryan
had a great time at the white house this morning honoring the wounded warrior project soldier ride in dc 
today  the house passed the fy18 make america secure & prosperous approps act  learn how it will impact kentucky ⬇️
clarinda and i were on the train that crashed today  but we are both doing ok  please join us in praying for the injured 
rt  cjspiller  r i p  rev  billy graham thank you for bringing so many lives to christ 
all four are innovators in artificial intelligence and have reps testifying before the information technology subco…
yesterday we saw dte announce they will reduce rates as a result of the tax cuts and jobs act  we continue to see t…
my statement on the tax cut and jobs act -&gt  taxreform
many of you may have gone to one of our local small businesses   wburgcollision  for car repair  as part of small b…
rt  housesmallbiz  one of our favorite stats about small business week  according to  nfib  small biz are the most optimistic they ve been i…
the stop school violence act passed the house today  on to the senate now 
thanks to  mfr_edge for stopping by to discuss policies that can make colorado manufacturing more competitive 
i support the president in his effort to crack down on sanctuary cities  combat the infiltration of ms-13 gangs  and secure our communities 
i applaud  potus for signing the  ndaa  into law today  this ndaa provides critical funding and vital support to our…
repealing obama-era  wotus  rule is a win for private property rights  agriculture  local governments  and many othe…
joined  mariabartiromo on  foxbusiness to discuss multiple issues & breaking news  we ve got to control our nation …
🗓 hearings this week wednesday   enhancing retirement security  examining proposals to simplify and modernize reti…
praying for every victim affected by this horrific tragedy in las vegas and their loved ones 
wishing a very happy 10th birthday to cross creek ranch 
 sslemmons mac believes that oce is in need of reform  but that was not the proper way to go about it  he voted against 
today i re-introduced the student right to know before you go act  alongside a senate version led by  ronwyden  whi…
i was proud to reintroduce h r  592 to help seniors receive basic care from pharmacists  learn more 
thank you  betsydevosed for taking the time to sit down w/ me & discuss the success of the shine program in pa-11 …
i joined a bipartisan group at the wh w/  potus &  vp  our common goal is bigger paychecks for hardworking america…
when we work together -- government works 
 cruzfit not true  taxreform delivers tax relief to middle-class americans and drastically lowers tax rates for ma…
it s not car accidents  it s not heart attacks  it s drug overdoses that are the leading cause of death for america…
glad to see  fosta  signed into law this morning  proud to have cosponsored and supported this bill that combats sex…
great kids all around  funny  smart  and engaging 
today  we passed historic tax cuts where the average southwest washington family of four will get to keep  2 385 mo…
today i met with this year s  lugarseries class  which includes my district director tinisha weigelt  a talented gr…
small businesses and individuals who need a loan rely on small banks like  bankofutah my bill makes it easier for…
next year  when americans go to file their taxes  they ll find a simpler and streamlined experienced  everyone will…
to learn more about tax reform  visit or text  tax reform  to 50589 
so happy and grateful today to share valentine s day with the love of my life debbie  our children and granddaughte…
i m very proud to see the initial progress made today on the new farm bill  i ve been pleased to be involved in thi…
i had a great meeting this week with representatives from the vfw in iowa  we talked about how we can best serve ou…
rt  repkinzinger  that feeling when you realize today is the last tax day filing under the old  archaic  complicated tax code  tax cuts and…
rt  housejudiciary  ✅  breaking   the house just voted to protect the lives of innocent children who are born alive during a failed abortion…
rt  akszymanski  packed room of  militaryofficer hearing about  repcomstock and her staff s hard work on behalf of military and veterans   …
  potus is right  tax reform is already helping millions of hardworking americans  you will continue to see its ben…
great trip across west-central illinois today to talk taxes  trade  and infrastructure 
president trump will make his first state of the union address to congress tonight  will you be tuning in  what d…
rt  repbradwenstrup  late last night  the house armed services committee passed the fy19 national defense authorization act out of committe…
great last second 4-3 frozen four semi-final win for  ndhockey over michigan  play minnesota-duluth for national ch…
in the event of a pandemic crisis  it s critical that we re prepared to ensure the safety & wellbeing of the americ…
rt  upperbaycouns  with  repandyharrismd and drug free cecil and prescription drug take back day in elkton 
great to join  albankers this morning in washington to discuss issues important to alabama s locally owned banks su…
signed cards with  repdonbeyer for members of our military who will be spending the holiday season overseas  to tho…
we re live for french president macron s address to a joint session of congress  click the link to watch 
great to attend the plainview - hale county business park groundbreaking ceremony this afternoon  i am excited abou…
with tax reform  capital investment has increased nearly 40% -- more proof that businesses are putting their tax sa…
icymi  here s the audio of my interview with  wbap247news this morning 
rt  foxnews  opinion  speaker paul ryan  tax day isn t usually a day to celebrate  this year is different
i commend  potus for declaring a nationwide public health emergency to address the opioid crisis  read more here 
fyi  i wouldn t try to use that card number if i were you 
john hitt s vision for  ucf forever transformed the landscape of central florida and the lives of thousands of stud…
madam  dhsgov secretary  we have nearly 1 million illegals incarcerated in local  state and federal institutions co…
today s  daca  deadline  marked by inaction  is a bitter disappointment to every daca beneficiary who has worked hop…
rt  waysandmeansgop  chairman  repkevinbrady statement on trump admin announcement on steel and aluminum tariffs  ⬇️
as a father and grandfather  the tragic news out of florida is incomprehensible  our hearts are with marjory ston…
the pending retirement of  speakerryan is a loss to the nation  but even though his washington journey may be endi…
in addition to middle class families and local businesses saving  9 billion next year  paychecks increasing  and bo…
the adirondacks are essential to our north country economy and way of life  i m grateful for the support of the adi…
rt  hascrepublicans  chrm  mactxpress on north korea brief  july 4th test an alarming development    we have neglected the nation s missile…
why today s vote is so critical and important    we need to support our warfighter and end the destructive cycle of…
tomorrow at 10 a m  the  househomeland security committee s subcommittee on oversight and management efficiency  wh…
congratulations to kiara cherry from batavia high school  kiara is our 2018 congressional art competition winner  s…
good morning  san diego  i ll be on  kusinews this morning at 6 20 am  pst   tune in 
i was honored to meet nitya  a senior at northwood high school  who joined the prestigious ranks of regeneron s t s a…
this morning  i visited the lapeer child advocacy center to meet the staff and discuss their programs and efforts i…
they re hiring in flora too 
incredible to see our historic tax cuts already at work for south dakota 
rt  senatorisakson  baby lucas from dalton  ga   is the new gerber spokesbaby  he is the first from georgia and the first baby with special…
joining  saracarterdc &  seanhannity at 4 pm to discuss  listen live  doj can t turn a bl…
rt  freedomworks  tax reform is off to a roaring start  stronger economy  better wages for all  and returning taxpayers  hard-earned money…
as a 1978 graduate of  misscollege  i congratulate dr  blake thompson for being named our new mc president  see my…
happy birthday to my good friend   speakerryan 
it s time to repeal obamacare and put in place a new plan that lowers costs  thanks  realdonaldtrump for working to improve the bill 
 some people give time  some money  some their skills and connections  some literally give their life s blood  but…
joined the sikh community in manassas for vaisakhi mela to celebrate the sikh new year vaisakhi  as a member of th…

job openings in march hit an all-time high in march to 6 6 million  these openings  coupled with the 3 9% unemploym…
for decades  former speakers of the house have been provided an official government office after leaving congress …
rt  repmccaul  delivering the  sonsa  at  gwcchs on u s  strategy against terror  improving cyber defenses  securing our borders  and bolste…
always remember and honor the service and sacrifice of those we lost at pearl harbor
rt  sandyhook    rephalrogers  the s t o p school violence act will help prevent tragedies before they can happen
rt  speakerryan  this is great news  in the months following tax reform  there are 6 6 million job openings—a record high  our economy is g…
chairwoman  virginiafoxx and a bipartisan group of committee members visited apprenticeship programs in maryland y…
thank you to the  thisspudsforyou for allowing me to discuss potato research as well as the farm bill  it was great…
  conduitnews  thank you for having me on the show this morning  i always enjoy a chat with  paulharrell1776  ar4 arnews arpx
today  i chaired a judiciary subcommittee hearing on violence in america  our committee questioned witnesses about…
gmar hatimah tovah 
couldn t agree more 
congrats to  repkevinyoder &  judgecarter on the new  houseappropsgop chairmanships 
i join our north texas community in mourning the loss of the richardson police officer who lost his life in the lin…
great to see you guys  keep up the fight  a time for action
 all of the amendments offered by democrats have been voted down as non-germane     cont
i ll be home soon  have meeting throughout the district tomorrow and all weekend  ia03
rt  realdonaldtrump  on behalf of the american people  welcome home 
  houseappropsgop released legislation today fully funding the great lakes restoration initiative  an important pri…
rt  foxnews    mikekellypa   since this president came into office… we have seen an economy that s skyrocketed and it is good for all ameri…
national champions  congratulations  ferrisstate  an incredible performance by the bulldogs and coach bronkema  it…
house passes world bank 🌐 accountability act  which previously passed out of our committee unanimously  full releas…
rt  theijr  hallmark moment  north korean defector ji seong-ho raises crutches he relied on to escape the regime above his head to thundero…
it was great to meet with  wku honors students today 
a busy weekend for team reed who celebrated and recognized those who serve at the fredonia volunteer fire departmen…
rt  housegop  the number of companies providing new benefits to their employees because of the tax cutsand jobs act is on the daily rise  hav…
businesses in our district and across america will continue to expand and invest back into their operations  moms a…
by reducing tax rates for biz s large & small  our plan will level the playing field & make the usa more competitive
rt  emrwilkins  at a presser on public schools week  both  repbonamici and  repryancostello both speak in favor of public service loan forg…
congratulations to  911_airliftwing chief master sergeant joseph mcarthur on his retirement from the air force  we…
thank you to all those who attended today s  ldtc   we hope you enjoyed the conference 
rt  repstevechabot  it s a big day for all american small businesses  the house just passed 7 bipartisan bills to strengthen our nation s b…
i enjoyed the conversation with eric and we covered a lot of ground on the issues of the week  thank you for having…
join me in honoring the life of a good man & a great american  irv gillingham was one of mo-08 s brave wwii vets  i…
the taylor force act would halt u s  taxpayer funding to the palestinian authority until they stop rewarding terror…
thank you to  minnichmfg1 and  imakeamerica for the opportunity to learn about the innovative products being made r…
rt  abcfoxmt  rep  ryan zinke  a flathead native  slammed the decision and said it was made without warning or input  the decisi…
rt  jlatchana  where can we have the biggest bang for our buck and put our arms around addicts  tell those who seek recovery that we can p…
deeply disappointed in handful of republican senators who are the reason for this unacceptable obamacare outcome 
rt  chelliepingree  today  house will take up my bill to address va debt notification problem & help veterans w/ va debt mepolitics
rt  toyotapolicy  great to have  conawaytx11 visit the  toyotafinancial treasury trading floor in plano  texas this week  thank you for mee…
great to visit with my alma mater  moore high school yesterday  i enjoyed speaking with these bright students …
rt  usmayors  this afternoon  uscm leadership met with  transport chair  repbillshuster to discuss next steps on infrastructure 
congrats to these bright students  interested in joining them  i m accepting applications for next year 
congrats  fertitta_gabe  curdogfootball  
statement on griffith amendment to reform congressional budget office
it was an honor to have my good friend  colleague and chairman of  rulesreps   petesessions  join me for another ep…
favorite cop-out for conservatives not in the senate  senate 60 vote rule  doesn t everyone realize today that con…
many will actually save even more than that  in fact  a typical family of four  2 adults  2 kids  earning  62 000 i…
chairman  repkevinbrady statement on positive gdp report for 1st quarter of 2018 
only 29% of americans think the u s  economy is doing well  we need real solutions 
that s the madigan logic  and it s hurting the hard working people of illinois 
 democrats and environmentalists have largely opposed attempts to require epa rely on transparent scientific data  …
 no people on earth are so fearless  determined  and daring as americans    potus recognized the unity we share as…
pleased to support our volunteers at the 64th annual new vernon fire dept country auction 
rt  foxnewspolitics  gop house passes school gun violence bill  one month after florida school shooting -
 i listen to all points of view  consider the merits of each argument  & weigh input from constituents    …
  speakerryan said   i look forward to joining representative lamborn in making this important legislation the law…
recommendations by  commercegov to raise tariffs on steel & aluminum imports harms us manufacturers & moves product…
also joined by special speaker and astronaut  captain barry wilmore who spoke about the role of fca in his life sin…
i m headed up to clarke county this morning to celebrate small business week in jackson  alabama s economy is powere…
rt  whitehouse  small business owners will be able to grow and thrive under the tax cuts and jobs act  more 
i think its unconscionable that members of congress still receive their regular pay checks during a government shut…
today  we celebrate international women s day  this day recognizes the social  economic  cultural and political acc…
proud to pin my nw montana district director & vietnam veteran john fuller today at a ceremony at fvcc
joining  potus and americans everywhere in celebrating religious freedom day  grateful that we share a heritage that…
  repdrewferguson in  lagrangenews →  the benefits of tax reform are not just felt by employees at major corporatio…
i am proud that my colleagues supported the passage of the sense act  this is a pro-environment  pro-jobs  pro-taxp…
the congressional art competition celebrates the importance of art & provides a great opportunity for students in o…
grateful for  potus s visit to jiatf-s & appreciated the opportunity to discuss the need for a compromise on immigr…
if we want to fight the heroin epidemic ravaging our nation  then we need to get serious about enforcing the rule o…
at the wellsville intermodal facility  recently recommended by the state to qualify as an  opportunity zone  
for families like the one i grew up in  an extra  2 059 would have made a huge difference  and i know it will for m…
the program showcased the musical  dance  and theatrical talent of youth from around the world  nba basketball play…
it was an honor and privilege to attend  honorflightsyr s reception for veterans  thank you honor flight syracuse s…
it was great to be with you this morning  thank you for having me 
 hyvee on locust in dubuque 
what is in the f y18 omnibus  the largest increase in defense spending in 15 years   4 billion in funding to fight t…
congrats to jerry ashworth for being named the new ceo of tirr at  memorialhermann 
good meeting with israeli ambassador to the us  ambassador ron dermer  this morning  he predicted israel would be a…
the congressional u k  caucus  which i co-chair  sent a letter to prime minister may supporting her efforts to resp…
it was an honor to speak with the  mcwarcollege & discuss the priorities that congress has for our nation s militar…
rt  sbjnet   in the words of johnny morris   we all live downstream   so we have to take care of conservation   - usreplong on  wowaquarium…
we ll be starting the  hasc  mark up of  fy18ndaa  shortly   hascrepublicans are live streaming here …
 march 5th has arrived and congress has yet to reach an agreement on  daca   as i promised  i am now moving forward…
rt  foxandfriends    repdesantis  everything related to fisa abuse should be declassified and released to the public
key in the memo released are names  some deeply biased  who signed off on the fisa warrant  comey  mccabe  yates  b…
looking forward to it 
rt  repmiketurner  i m live asking questions at  hasc   tune in here 
rt  ponews  road may be named for chambersburg grad killed in afghanistan in 2010
met with local principals and superintendents to discuss workforce development in  sc07  this morning  thanks for yo…
rt  andymehalshick  major expansion underway at hershey foods in hazleton  more than 100 new jobs will be created 
rt  jodysfrench  congressman bucshon visited commodore manufacturing today  what a great experience  thanks to our partners  waupacafound…
did you know the 2nd woman to serve in congress & the 1st woman to preside over a session of congress was from  ok2 … 
traveling w/  speakerryan  preparing for the next leg of our tour of puerto rico to assess recovery efforts  our fe…
rt  housegop  today →  potus signed the allow states and victims to fight online sex trafficking act into law  equipping law enforcement  p…
must-read op-ed  a pro-science approach to yucca mountain appropriations
rt  mikedubberlygda  rep   repbyrne joins me next to talk korea  farm bill more
the hearing on the continuing resolution is starting now  watch live here —&gt 
great update at judge hebert s annual state of the county  he provided a status report on property taxes  business…
congratulations to  mercerwbb for its first  soconsports tournament title and first-ever bid to division-i ncaa tou…
  secnielsen to  repmccaul   i would also like to thank you for your support for our reauthorization  as you know …
 job corps  record-keeping is a hot mess  but in 27 of 50 cases where full employment data existed  graduates were…
icymi  i joined  southeastagnet  s randall weiseman to give a lay of the land for the upcoming 2018 farm bill 
i will never apologize for taking care of our military  which is why i voted in favor of the omnibus spending bill …
gen mattis & admiral mullen have said it  today director of national intelligence dan coats gave us another reminde…
 tbt  to five senses spa  salon & barbershop when i met with owner paola hinton who rewarded each of her employees w…
interested in attending a military service academy  be sure to attend the  ca21  information night next month …
after tax reform jobless claims have fallen to the lowest level in 45 years  read more in  dcexaminer ⬇️…
while we will never agree on every issue  it is time for our nation to come together and recognize the bond we share as americans   sotu 
 this budget will ensure that the doe s national labs continue to be the backbone of american science leadership by…
it was a pleasure to speak to students at  sctigershs this morning and take their questions on school safety  jobs…
  repmarktakai is a good man  a patriot  and a friend  he always has hawaii s best interest in mind  mahalo  mark 
watch  i ve intro d bipartisan legislation w/  reptomsuozzi to prevent the over-prescription of highly addictive op…
happy texas independence day  y all 
to learn more about tax reform  go to or text  tax reform  to 50589 
you can read my full statement on  potus s decision to withdraw from the iran nuclear deal here 
people who have lived under socialism cherish their freedoms more than the generations who inherited their freedom 
rt  patrickmchenry  with the help of acting  bcfpdirector mulvaney  we re reining in the most powerful & least accountable govt agency  the…
ap  tax bill beginning to deliver bigger paychecks to workers
praying for my friend  colleague  and teammate  stevescalise as he goes through surgey tomorrow  cynthia & i are ke…
 the boom has already begun   detroitnews
rt  realdonaldtrump  can t wait to be back in the amazing state of tennessee to address the 99th american  farmbureau federation s annual c…
make sure you tune in 
rt  frcaction  thank you  congressmanhice for displaying unwavering commitment and consistent support of faith  family  and freedom  true b…
starting my telephone town hall now  be sure to answer your ☎️ and ask me a question   ca21 
last week  congressman thornberry had the chance to discuss what the recent agreement in the defense budget means t…
rt  cahnemily  the way the many in the republican party are treating john mccain is hard to watch  zero respect 
rt  repwalberg  to hardworking families   1 000 is not  crumbs  or  armageddon   it s more money in their pockets  read my  detroitnews op-…
live now  chairman  mactxpress joins  foxnews  americanewsroom talking syria & military readiness - tune in now 
thank goodness this is the last year we have to deal with the complicated  stale tax code  already tax reform has l…
as we continue our efforts to combat the opioid epidemic in kentucky and across the nation  i encourage you to join…
the house just passed a bill that i cosponsored  the stop school violence act  which creates a grant program to imp…
tax reform boosts the standard deduction to protect ~double what you earn– from  6 350 to  12 000 for individuals a…
2  was the dossier the basis for securing fisa warrants to spy on americans  and why won t the fbi show congress the fisa application 
bsn students at  moreheadstate - all from kentucky s 5th district - keep up the great work 
it s time to ensure that our money is funding actual family planning programs  and not our nation s largest abortio…
rt  housecommerce  e&c takes its work home to combat the opioid crisis during two week district work period &gt &gt 
rt  houseappropsgop  the house is now voting on the fy18 omnibus  which provides robust increases for national defense  infrastructure  bor…
it was a pleasure to visit with congressional art competition winner jessika norman and see her work displayed in t…
rt  vp  wishing all those celebrating a happy passover 
north texas eagle scouts recognized at 12th annual event at  boyscouts hq in irving
rt  foxbusiness    jim_jordan   sure we don t want a shutdown  but more importantly we shouldn t be spending this kind of money  particular…
are you in need of assistance with a federal agency  a member of my staff will be holding mobile office hours tomor…
rt  govtrack    repkevinyoder helped lift one needless veil of bureaucracy   by our colleague  ilusasha at  rsi on a project we supported …
lot s of great tax reform stories being told at this round table with  potus  stories like barbara ratka s below  b…
rt  repgoodlatte  music is no longer written on piano rolls and our laws shouldn t be based on that technology any longer either  the musi…
reminder  tax day is april 17  don t have time to do your taxes before then  you can now request a 6-month extensi…
75 years later  remembering those brave americans who lost their lives on  a date which will live in infamy  …
we have kicked off the annual congressional art competition & i m excited to see the incredible talent of enc  i inv…
wishing all those who celebrate a happy hanukkah 
as someone who teaches students about the long-standing alliance between our two great nations  he will be able to…
thanks to the  jjwfoundation  the volunteers &  wi05  for the amazing outpouring of support for those impacted by…
it was an honor to join some of the brave men and women in georgia s law enforcement community at the mantracker pu…
  repmarkmeadows  on march 20 of this year  the administration released the president s management agenda  the agen…
rt  cathymcmorris  with the creation of sensible work requirements in snap & funding for workforce development programs  we re empowering w…
america needs a new strategy in afghanistan and i appreciate the leadership from president trump to refocus our efforts there 
border security is a critical component of any immigration reform  we must gain operational control of our borders 
spoke on the house floor today about the pitfalls of privatizing the faa air traffic control system no privatized a t c
rt  speakerryan  just announced → next month  congress will honor  senatordole with the congressional gold medal 
rt  housegop  thanks to the tax cutsand jobs act  consumer optimism jumped to a 14-year high  everyday americans are confident  knowing that…
dean and i join millions of people around the world today celebrating the life of reverend billy graham  i ll never…
beautiful and moving service for  highcosheriff deputy william gentry in sebring this morning  his service and sacr…
rt  repdavetrott  3  small business confidence is at an all-time high because of the historic work house republicans delivered on with the…
tax cuts for america benefit individuals and small business   americafirstpol
 i didn t blame guns  i blame the murderer and those lawmakers who thought a  gun-free zone  would keep us safe   s…
thank you to all of the teachers who work hard  put in the extra hours  and go above and beyond to educate our chil…
rt  craigcaplan   they attacked the shooter & that s what saved our lives - repjoebarton on us capitol police in today s shooting 
i am proud to be a new cosponsor of the r a c e4 children act
rt  reprickallen  as we celebrate national small business week  please join me in recognizing our entrepreneurs and innovators throughout ame…
we discussed jobs and economic growth for our veterans  ways to improve access to educational benefits  specific tr…
rt  speakerryan  rev  billy graham woke up every day to share his love of god  today  we honor america s pastor 
wildfire season is approaching  a visit to the el dorado boys & girls club  and more in this week s enewsletter   …
rt  housegop  you ve heard about 4 million workers getting  4 billion in bonuses  but have you heard about the 40 states where utility bill…
rt  austinscottga08  in case you missed it  we ve kicked off the 2018 congressional art competition for  ga08   if you have questions about…
happy 242nd birthday to the  usmarinecorps  thank you for all you do to protect our nation 
i was glad to join the cinco de mayo celebration in oklahoma city last night with  davidfholt  rodolfoquilanta…
thanks to tax reform  new jersey natural gas customers will see a savings of 7 4% this year 
rt  thehillevents  don t miss america s opioid epidemic  supporting recovery  featuring  senwhitehouse   repdavejoyce and  surgeon_general …
rt  repclayhiggins  proud to introduce the long-term care veterans choice act today  this is reflective of our overall effort to provide ve…
 together we can achieve anything    potus  sotu 
at today s hearing of the  natresources committee  i asked  secretaryzinke about 2 issues that are important to…
📺 tune in now to watch today s sub energy hearing  my good friend john twitty from  mo07  will be testifying ⬇️
speaking on the  housefloor around 1pm central  watch it live on cspan 
rt  allisonscotttv  congressional snowmobile ride with  rephuizenga &  congressmandan stop at benzie manistee snowbirds  upnorthlive
icymi  denso manufacturing plans to add 320 new jobs to their athens location as part of a  190 million investment…
galveston recovery meeting   lots of great folks with wonderful organizations working to recover  rebuild  & serve…
on this day in 1878  the california st  cable car company began service to  11 000 riders  on its first day    ca 
americans want real solutions to our country s health challenges  i ll discuss a better way in gop address tmrw
deputy pickett is a hoosier hero  and he will be remembered that way  jake strong thin blue line…
i applaud  orrinhatch for introducing the music modernization act  unanimously passed by the house  in the senate to…
the veterans transplant coverage act  removes unnecessary barriers that prevent veterans from receiving the care they deserve 
this week s tax reform good news  3️⃣ 9️⃣% unemployment rate  lowest in nearly 20 years  3️⃣ 2️⃣5️⃣% hourly wage…
proud to join my house colleagues to pass  hr2266  & provide  36 5b in emergency relief for those hit by hurricanes harvey  irma  & maria 
 allisonvolk ur right about spelling but pointing out obnoxious behavior & name calling by losers of last election not result of lost temper
 sattixslc  realdonaldtrump  secretaryzinke hi susan  the event was on my facebook page for a week …
we ve all experienced it - a phone call from a   that looks local  but turns out to be robocall  last yr  these cal…
rt  milken  ohio milken award educators maria rodgers  oh  17  and pam young  oh  92  talk with u s  representative  warrendavidson at the…
rt  edworkforce    repguthrie s  hr3179  will help students understand their financial aid options  commitments–another bipartisan reform to…
 1/2  this morning   realdonaldtrump announced the release & return home of three american citizens  illegally held…
calling n j11th high school students- my congressional app challenge is open  sign up here 
i support our president and the brave members of our armed forces as they carry out a response to the brutal action…
there are over 56 000 vets in  ok2  & it is a top priority of mine to ensure they receive the assistance they deserv…
rt  foxbusiness    reperikpaulsen on tax reform   i don t think anyone wants to go back to where we were last november or before that    th…
the process of crafting the  fy18nda  has been collaborative and  hascrepublicans have drafted a bill that honors our men & women in uniform 
 heartbeat bill or born alive bill   vote on both friday   speakerryan and  gopleader  it doesn t have to be one or…
on floor to recognize the 106th anniversary of the founding of the girl scouts of america building courage  confidence & character
join me monday in guthrie center for my open office hours from 9 30 - 11 30 am  more details …
rt  foxnews    repseanduffy   think of the last years of  barackobama where you didn t have opportunity to go out and get a new job    in t…
the event attracted well over 150 veterans  military  and their families  the day culminated with a panel discussio…
in bronx for funeral of nypd officer miosotis familia  magnificent turnout with thousands of police from all over t…
happy new year  out with the old tax code  in with a new code built for growth  fairer taxes  and real relief for m…
the greatest play in baseball history 
i had the pleasure of participating in a competitive cook-off for a good cause  the  marchofdimes mission is to imp…
read chairman  repkevinbrady op-ed in  dcexaminar   this year  we have more than usual to celebrate during small bu…
the faces of true heroes  we honor these fallen officers for protecting hoosier lives and defending american laws …
setting limits on the time politicians can serve in a particular office will not solve all the problems with washington s broken culture 
happy to see such great news from the  usdol today  ✔️ the economy added 313 000 jobs ✔️ unemployment is at a 17-…
reforms included in the bill — the dramatically lower tax rate  the full expensing of capital investments  and the…
rt  justinamash  under our constitution  marijuana shouldn t be federally criminalized   reptomgarrett has a bill that will stop ag session…
happy national space day  today we celebrate our country s past triumphs in space exploration and look forward to a…
rt  cpinst  trump is challenging congress to pass his proposed spending cuts   repmarkwalker makes the case that congress must act 
rt  judgejeanine  13 republicans have asked ag jeff sessions to appoint a separate special counsel to investigate the fbi and doj   repleez…
rt  housevetaffairs  new time  this afternoon s subcommittee on health legislative hearing will now begin at 3 30  you can stream it here …
rt  housegop  passed → a funding bill that meets the priorities of americans  including    ✔ rebuilding our nation s military  ✔ taking dir…
rt  washtimes  rank-and-file conservatives aren t buying paul ryan s use big defense spending increase to appease them on spending bill   …
last night i voted once again for a balanced budget amendment to  but unfortunately  it fell short of the necessary…
glad to see that tax reform is bolstering small businesses  confidence  causing them to create more jobs  increase…
rt  nannburke  house spending bill directs army corps to release stalled report on asian carp  via  detroitnews
my website has information about wildfire disaster relief programs & ways you can help those affected→…
griffith bill to protect home owner rights
rt  nyindc  how advance refundings can be resurrected  rephultgren  call_me_dutch
aera will reduce american dependence on unfriendly nations  & ensure the us will be able to exert its influence & support its allies  tcot
last night senate ds had a choice – fund chip  provide tax relief  support the military  & keep the government open…
i m very concerned about recent data breach  looking forward to equifax hearing next week  here are tips from ftc 
congress train & truck wreck  1 fatality  1 very critical  1 serious  2 on train were taken to hospital with non li…
i had a great time celebrating with the talented young students from around  fl18  who participated in the annual co…
always like to update constituents of recent events in washington  dc  today i got to speak with a great group in l…
peace comes through strength  not through retreat  this is the right move and i applaud the trump admin for taking…
house passes bill to delay health care tax penalty for families and workers  politics
new   reptomsuozzi & i introduced the modernizing drug enforcement act  a bipartisan bill to give law enforcement t…
funding for the children s health insurance program  chip  is too important to be used as a political bargaining to…
rt  secretaryperry  good news for american energy  u s  to become net exporter of nat gas for the first time in 60 years   whitehouse
we must continue to come together as a nation in support of those americans whose lives have been drastically altered by hurricane harvey
on april 6th from 10 30am-3pm  a number of my staffers will be hosting a constituent services day in courtroom c of…
reverend billy graham is one of the finest men nc has ever produced  earlier today  i paid tribute to rev  graham o…
  repbeatty and i have worked together for years  and we ve learned how to disagree without vilifying each other in…
want the truth  so do we  comey
rt  cspan  rep  mac thornberry   mactxpress  news conference – live online here 
rt  franchising411  296 100 local jobs depend on your support  thank you  repholding for calling for transparency from the  nlrb by signing…
now is the time to vote to secure our border and provide a permanent legislative fix for  daca  recipients  learn mo…
general petraeus met with members of the republican policy committee today on national security
reminder  my office is hosting a military service academy day in fl-02 this saturday  march 10th  if you are intere…
it was great to catch up with the mayor of leavenworth today  his updates on the recent infrastructure improvements…
honored to receive the defender of housing award from  okstatehba  proud of their work to continue to provide quali…
for too long  federal bureaucrats at unaccountable agencies in the swamp have been protected from dismissal or puni…
at 3pm central will talk to  afterthebell about the omnibus bill  tune in to  foxbusiness this afternoon 
good seeing presidents from some of our independent universities in georgia to talk about some of the biggest issu…
rt  archerytrade_  today   mkormann  dan forster and representatives from  fishwildlife met with  austinscottga08 to discuss next steps for…
q  what did castro s cubans use to farm before oxen  🤔 a  tractors 🚜 q  how did cubans defend their freedom before…
rt  repgoodlatte  the bill the house is considering today is a common sense solution  here s my full statement on the house floor in suppor…
tax reform doubled the standard deduction and strengthened provisions for farmers  ranchers  and job creators  the…
rt  realdonaldtrump  john kerry can t get over the fact that he had his chance and blew it  stay away from negotiations john  you are hurti…
do you know hispanic americans who have made big contributions to the 4th cd community  share their stories here 
your taxpayer dollars should not go to any organization that provides abortions  we must protect all human life  i…
breaking news  house passes historic tax reform  the bill now heads to president trump s desk for signature 
the farm bill reaches people in every corner of this country   cspanwj
rt  justinamash  each successive president ignores the constitution  and congressional leaders let it happen  we must elect a speaker who w…
joshua 8 35 there was not a word of all that moses had commanded which joshua did not read before all the assembly…
3  small business confidence is at an all-time high because of the historic work house republicans delivered on wit…
congratulations to patrolman james collier for being recognized as mentor officer of the year and to administrative…
congress has been working steadily to reduce regulations to allow for job creation  thriving businesses  and econom…
rt  crtv  how do swampy politicians keep getting away with wasting your money    reptomgarrett  r-va   tells  natemaddencrtv that many co…
mobile offices continue across ar4 this week  get the complete list and times on the events section of my website 
thank you  schwarzenegger  wishing you a speedy recovery 
great story about a  tx14  native  thank you for your service  petty officer windon 
attn  pa15  veterans  the  deptvetaffairs announced that vets can apply for national veteran id cards   vic     vic  w…
my first read of the day   law enforcement officials also seized more than 300 pounds of heroin and diverted over…
  reprussell  this morning the  usgao released its eighth annual report on opportunities for the federal government…
manufacturing in u s  expands at fastest pace since may 2004 tax reform
we rely on a fair and free press to keep our government accountable  but we must hold our news organizations accoun…
aflac is doing some incredible work to help children battling cancer  yesterday  i had the opportunity to check out…
this is a historic day  on the way to the  whitehouse following the final passage of the tax cut and jobs act…
opportunity zones are another job-creating benefit of tax reform for  ga03   you can learn more about how the tax cu…
happy birthday army reserve  thank you for your service to our country   usarmyreserve twice the citizen
rt  aurorasmsbdc  sba business resource fair to end national small business week  may 5th  10 30 am - 12 30 pm  arapahoe/douglas works  ara…
preparing to testify before the  housejudiciary committee on the h-2a program and its inability to meet the needs o…
i was honored to be able to be at the sioux falls airport this…
rt  repdavetrott 
last sat night  meadowfield & westcott  driver nods off  plows into lake   sugarlandpd dive in  save driver  heroes 
rt  houseappropsgop  breaking  the house just passed a bill providing emergency funding for hurricane and wildfire recovery on a vote of 25…
with especially cold weather coming through the area  please be extra careful  take care of yourself  and plan ahea…
rt  andrewlacombe  gop congressman jack bergman on the sweeping  1 5 trillion tax reform bill 
rt  milann_99  a special thank you from north carolina and  nfb_voice to  repmarkwalker and  virginiafoxx for meeting with us to discuss ho…
thornberry statement on the senate s failure to repeal and replace obamacare
icymi  town hall meetings are crucial for a healthy democracy  wi05 
  homesforourtrps provides life changing assistance to our injured service members  thank you  pfc heather kready a…
thanks to the  indianachamber for its support of our bill to help transfer students earn degrees and succeed in tod…
rt  dave_sutor    repbillshuster   it is absolutely critical to our national defense that letterkenny remains open     
rt  jacksonlab  💜jax alzheimers researchers join a congressional staff briefing  hosted by the office of u s  representative  reppoliquin…
listen in live  chairman  repkevinbrady is talking with brian kilmeade on  foxnewsradio at 10am about how we are he…
i applaud paraguay s decision to move its embassy to israel s capital  jerusalem  a step that shows its solidari…
  ingrahamangle your gutless former sponsors need to reflect  what little will be left of god given american libert…
this morning my bill to help get more sportsmen & women back in the outdoors while generating more funds for wildli…
meeting with pilots and residents of jackson county to discuss aviation issues earlier today at the james a  rhodes…
pleasure meeting alachua county superintendent  karen clarke  we have so many dedicated & talented educators in our…
 cvs will boost starting pay for hourly employees to  11 per hour from  9 per hour   full-time employees will quali…
rt  abc  just in  trump administration sanctions five russian entities and 19 russian citizens over cyber activity  including interference…
rt  freebeacon  just in  congress demands doj turn over all docs related to obama scheme to nix hezbollah terror investigation
  ktve10cherith covered yesterday s  coffee with your congressman  in el dorado  where constituents heard about my…
rt  repjimbanks  congrats to the spurrs on your crumbs 
rt  uscapitol  rt to thank the u s  capitol police for their service  law enforcement appreciation day
rep  mac thornberry  we need a strong vibrant economy to fund our military
thx  harryhurley for another great program & opportunity for south jersey residents to call w/ their questions  hea…
yesterday  the house voted to alter dodd-frank & provide regulatory relief to community banks & credit unions …
my  gopoversight it subcommittee will explore the continuous diagnostics and mitigation  cdm  program w/…
rt  keithrothfus  passed  an overwhelmingly bipartisan  comprehensive overhaul of the  irs  in 20 years  ✅tax payer first  hr 5444  ✅21st c…
just hit 24 hrs  housecommerce health care markup  i will work as long as it takes to get kentuckians the health care they deserve 
while there is much work to be done in washington each week  my district staff stays busy serving constituents acro…
happening now  the committee is meeting on h r  5698  protect and serve act of 2018  s  2372  va mission act of 201…
tonight i ll be joining  davegreber4 and  christykern4 on channel 4 to discuss the memo
just a little appetizer before the lincoln day dinner in mitchell  zesto
unelected bureaucrats can harm the very consumers they intend to protect with burdensome regulations  this week  th…
congratulations to the millbrook high school girls basketball team on winning their first state title in thrilling…
the tax cutsand jobs act is now the law of the land  proud to work with  potus  the senate  & my  housegop colleagues…
rt  realdonaldtrump  national prescription drug take back day numbers are in  another record broken  nearly 1 million pounds of rx pills dis…
rt  houseagnews  our thoughts and prayers are with florida and all those in the surrounding area affected by hurricane irma 
thanks for joining the telephone town hall  y all had some great questions  if i didn t get to your question  pleas…
rt  waysandmeansgop  under our current tax code  9 out of 10 taxpayers with use a tax preparer or computer software to prepare their return…
ag  jeffsessions should reassess massive scope of his recusal  which is absurdly & most unnecessarily broad  the ju…
rt  cbsnews  coming up on  cbsthismorning   gayleking will speak with  speakerryan for his first in-depth  broadcast network interview sinc…
i wholeheartedly agree with  potus   no matter where you ve been  or where you ve come from      then you can dream…
rt  fwd_us  thank you congressman for joining with a bipartisan group of your colleagues to protect dreamers this week  daca  u s aact
rt  farmbureau  today at  afbf18   realdonaldtrump sign two executive orders benefiting rural america at our closing session 
tweet your bracket march madness playbook pool
rt  housegop  thanks to the tax cutsand jobs act  everyday americans in 48 states will see their utility bills lowered  this means real savin…
joined  joyceonair on  850wftl earlier today to talk about the congressional hush fund & my bill  listen here 
sad to hear the news of billy graham s passing today  he lived an incredible life of faith and dedicated himself to…
1/2 in light of wednesday s attack  continued security concerns  extensive and myriad discussions with law enforcement and other officials
great meeting with members of  njchamber about important initiatives in congress to reduce taxes & red tape to spur…
last week i discussed the important work oklahoman soldiers are performing in the ukraine with  okcfox 
rt  housegop  every child deserves a childhood in which they are cared for and protected  that s why we re building on our promise to prote…
great meeting with this group representing the tuskegee university college of veterinary…
joined  wish_tv live on an emotional day today as indiana honored one of our fallen heroes  deputy jacob pickett …
it s small business week across the country  if you own or work at a small business in  mi01   send a photo to mi01photos mail house gov 
thank you   stevenmnuchin1 for supporting my foreign investment risk review modernization act  firrma  which equips…
today in history  william b  travis  wrote a letter to  the people of texas & all americans in the world  and vowed…
i joined  senorrinhatch today in filing an amicus brief on us v microsoft with  scotus   america needs statutes tha…
she served as a role model of grace  dignity  and selflessness to us all  especially though her legacy supporting a…
i recently sent out a taxreform survey asking my constituents to share how the tax cutsand jobs act is impacting the…
each year i m honored to nominate  ny24  students to attend u s  service academies  deadline to apply is 11/3 --&gt …
this is one of the most ridiculous and frustrating things i ve seen since i got to washington  184 members of congr…
rt  speakerryan  just now → with a unanimous vote  the house passed legislation to reform the congressional accountability act and help mak…
today we honor and remember the brave men and women of law enforcement who have died or been injured in the line of…
potus decision to withdraw from  jcpoa  marks new way forward  we must now focus on building a coalition committed t…
this legislation will ensure service men and women continue to get a paycheck while prohibiting members of congress…
rt  pafcafnow  last week  pafcaf director of policy and research  megan branham met with legislators  including  repjoewilson  to share our…
the tax cutsand jobs act = lower tax rates for americans 
i visited the  highnoonclub in oklahoma city last friday to discuss the latest news from washington  watch here 
rt  georgiasouthern  need a passport  don t miss passport day on the armstrong campus today from 10 a m  to 5 p m   hosted by georgia sout…
thank you for hosting me 
a wonderful story on reverend billy graham and those who knew him in his hometown  n c10 s montreat  where he will…
we owe it to help those who have served by smoothing the transition to civilian life  appreciate your work …
april is the month of the military child  honoring the sacrifices military families make around the world  and the…
more sec  mattis  hascrepublicans   congress mandated this national defense strategy—the first one in a decade—then…
thank you to our witnesses for their testimony & our members for being here 6/6
the hearing will be streaming live online at the link below 
american workers are really starting to see the benefits of tax reform by having more money in their paychecks  gre…
victory  read more about my efforts to prevent the park service from imposing steep franchise fee hikes on 16 outfi…
i met with a lot of really smart  and well-dressed  kids today  love seeing so many participate in…
rt  houseappropsgop  today  the house will vote on a funding bill that will protect americans by strengthening our borders and better enfor…
 abensonij  tedmiller88  housecommerce  facebook  hillaryclinton  ijindexjournal exactly chris  we got emails about what to ask  🙄
today at the  whitehouse  with  potus presiding  federal agencies signed the one federal decision mou to establish…
according to white house  over 1 500 planned regulatory actions have been withdrawn or delayed   sotu 
proud to have my legislation  preserving   reforming ssdi  included in the r s c budget 
from our family to yours  happy thanksgiving 
rt  transport    repscottperry speaking at today s 21 a i r ract markup 
rt  stevescalise  the house has passed  repchrissmith s bill to help protect children with autism and other disabilities from wandering  ht…
my thoughts and prayers are with all those in texas affected by harvey 
today we recognize the brave americans who fought in the vietnam war  many of whom gave their last full measure in…
rt  foodtank   it seems like people can t agree on anything  right  wrong    katmerrigan opened the morning challenging us to think big  an…
rt  utarlington  uta advances in center for world university rankings
rt  housegop  do you know how many companies have increased the 401 k  matches for employees thanks to the tax cutsand jobs act  ✔  aflac ✔  …
 mitchell urges help for bluewater ferry in letter to ambassador  via  thetimesherald ⛴️
more great tax reform news→
rt  speakerryan  broadcom is the latest company to join the list of companies relocating back to the u s  from overseas because of tax refo…
click the link to see why i voted for the fy18 budget resolution
alaska is united in its effort to resolve this longstanding issue for the people of king cove 
take a moment to recognize the heroes living among us on this veterans day  ca08 
rt  waysandmeansgop  after taxreform  our economy is growing & there are jobs that need to be filled  on april 17th  w&m will hear from  s…
i am about to call in to  wtaw1620 to give a washington update  tune in or listen online
the benefits of tax reform keep coming in   
chairman  usreprodney  we will mark to the overall 302 a  totals as set forth in the bipartisan budget act of 2018…
 realdonaldtrump live now with  larryoconnor discussing  realdonaldtrump s upcoming sotu address  tune in 
thanks to  repgosar for talking about his important bill   hr372   we need competition in the health insurance market to lower costs 
the committee stands in recess subject to the call of the chair and will reconvene at the conclusion of the ongoing house floor vote series 
jersey lawmakers itching to grill facebook s zuckerberg about your privacy rights |
 just as importantly  the bill also funds programs and services for our veterans  continuing our commitment to thes…
i enjoyed speaking at the blount-oneonta chamber of commerce luncheon   al06 
incredibly moving - the compassion and quick thinking of st  paul police saved a life today 
rt  fwd_us  a bipartisan group of 50  house members are supporting the u s aact to secure the border and provide certainty and an earned pat…
breaking the silence  addressing sexual assault on college campus
paul ryan has been a dedicated public servant to his district and nation for 20 years  i regret his decision to ret…
read about dontae s exciting month  he met with the  secafofficial  was on a panel with james comey  and stopped b…
rt  anca_dc  us rep dave trott  co-chair of armenian caucus  repdavetrott   i would like to welcome the armenia- u s parliamentary delegati…
last week i visited  marionmilitary for the first time  and i was so impressed by their beautiful campus and the ou…
after years of working together with  senjohnbarrasso   senmarkey   repstevepearce  and  housecommerce sub energy t…
in 2017  avg annual national premiums for silver plan for a 40-year-old w/o a tax subsidy was  4 929  more than a  1 000 increase since 2014
on holocaust rememberance day  we honor the millions of lives lost  the survivors  & the people who heroically riske…
typical evening traveling with beth    she makes good decisions in the…
a very well-deserved national recognition for the outstanding teachers in our community  thank you for all that you…
today at 8 am the committee will meet on the senate amendment to h r  1  watch the hearing live on  cspan 
on wednesday  i met with both the williams family from fairway and the stoltz family from leawood before their tour…
another year and another upcoming fight protecting great lakes funding  the president today released his budget for…
rt  edworkforce  stream live 📺 hearing to explore the modernization of the federal labor law
i am saddened to hear of the passing of former first lady barbara bush   she was known for her quick wit  loyalty …
this morning on  cspan s  cspanwj  i discussed my opposition to the proposed faa air traffic control privatization 
happy hanukkah to all celebrating in maryland 
leviticus 27 30 thus all the title of the land  of the seed of the land  or of the fruit of the tree  is the lord s  it is holy to the lord 
p&g  whose success story started right here in cincinnati   this opportunity to make american businesses  workers a…
zinke  barnes & house of reps  hold first ever hearing on blackfeet water compact
important  hascrepublicans hearing this morning on the security challenges we face in europe  particularly russian…
i enjoyed hosting students from hubbertville school this morning during their tour of the  uscapitol  go lions
congrats to our colleague - congressman  colonel  doctor  repbradwenstrup on being awarded the army soldier s medal…
my staff will be hosting mobile office hours in gilchrist & lafayette on tuesday  may 8th gilchrist  11 30am-1 30p…
harper   equifax totally failed to meet its 1 responsibility – to protect consumers    via  youtube
the opioid epidemic currently impacts over 11 million americans  and its effects are being seen in workplaces  scho…
rep  sensenbrenner in today s  thehill  town hall meetings are crucial for a healthy democracy  wi05  townhall
i presented two lafayette women  kelli maher and jackie bush roorda  with copies of a statement for the congression…
  repdennisross  the inspectors general conduct investigations and audits to prevent and detect waste  fraud  and m…
great to join chief warren for a tour and an update on  rosenbergpolice work to keep our community safe  thanks for…
watch live as  alabamaftbl is honored at the  whitehouse 
  speakerryan has been a great partner in strengthening our homeland defenses  fighting terrorists at home and abro…
icymi  check out my column on congress s recent efforts to fight human trafficking 
this cr is only a temporary solution  it won t provide the stability & consistency that the nation s govt  military…
rt  repdesantis  starting now   gopoversight national security subcommittee field briefing at  mdcollege to explore the dangers of normaliz…
rt  aiindianapolis  we were proud to host  susanwbrooks 5th district congressional art show  congratulations to jiwon yu  carmel high schoo…
bravo zulu and welcome home 
rt  codycorbett10  just me and my jeep making a difference
 tax cuts lead to higher wages and paid parental leave for  cvshealth  jobless claims are also down to a 45 year…
enjoyed having you in town 
due to the inaction of  senatedems and  senschumer our men and women in uniform are not being paid - this is uncons…
the good news from the tax cutsand jobs act keeps rolling in 
just kicked off  houseappropsgop hearing with  stevenmnuchin1 on the  ustreasury budget request for fy19
rt  congressfdn  congratulations to our 4 transparency & accountability democracy award finalists   robwittman  repstefanik  senatorheitkam…
congratulations to  wrightpattafb on the groundbreaking of its new security gate today 
please spread the word about the veteran job fair tomorrow in okc 
i support president trump s decision to withdraw from the iran deal  this flawed agreement provided hundreds of bil…
i m praying for the victims and families affected by the horrific and senseless act of violence in las vegas last night 
 waysandmeansgop
more  crumbs  for american workers and our economy  unemployment is down to 3 9% - the lowest it s been in nearly 1…
great seeing  norpacofficial briefly in the office this afternoon  great discussion on the taylor force act that co…
rt  housegop  grow jobs grow wages grow opportunity these are our goals for taxreform
rt  housecommerce  e&c announces two full cmte markups on legislation aimed at combating the opioid crisis &gt &gt 
rt  housegop  a fair and simple tax code puts more     back in your pocket  here s how ↙
rt  ericlegrand52  great meeting with  tomcoleok04 today  doing my part to protect p r c funding 
enjoyed talking to these folks from the  iacattlemen yesterday at my dc coffee with my congressman   ia03 
the students at lake hamilton junior high are a bright bunch  thank you so much for your great questions and spendi…
icymi   househomeland chairman  repmccaul issues warning about global isis threat via  washtimes
the  ephcc has been critical for small business growth in  tx23   securing more than  250 million for our local…
rt  housegop  rt if you agree → more is better  more tax cut bonuses  more everyday american workers getting benefits  more take-home pay …
 klgoertzen no one voted 4 u out-of-staters or local left activist to represent constituents of 48th cd  disruption & intimidation will fail
rt  uhpres  share a coke with renu 
i always enjoy seeing members of the alabama cattlemen s association  thanks for stopping by my office yesterday  i…
your ghost fleet article of the week is a must-read look at china s comprehensive technology transfer strategy  pro…
today  the house voted to give our troops a pay raise  care for our veterans  and strengthen national security …
rt  foxnews    rephensarling   we are now averaging over 3% economic growth    the tax cut and jobs act is working   sunday futures  mariab…
according to  nfib small business economic trends survey  smallbiz owners are more optimistic than ever about the…
 thejohnsonpost  angrynidaho nothing you could ever say would hurt my feelings  however  i did not suggest i was hi…
wishing the sikh community in washington state a wonderful vaisakhi holiday today  with over 50 000 sikhs living in…
today  we honor the life and legacy of dr  martin luther king  jr  on the 50th anniversary of his assassination 
after nearly 16 months  the senate will vote on thursday on the nomination of  repjbridenstine to become the 13th n…
rt  timbryantradio  today s mission timpossible podcast  our conversation with ga congressman jody hice  r-barrow co
tonight i m joining my texas colleagues on the  housefloor to talk about how our pro growth tax reform has helped n…
rt  heardonthehill  it s the last week of practices for the 56th annual congressional baseball game &  repjoebarton wants another win
in albion meeting with officials from niagara and orleans county to discuss expanding broadband access in rural com…
rt  kilmeade  you never know who will come in the kilmeade & friends studio   allenwest just came from trump tower &  repryanzinke is head…
rt  housegop  the flags of the  uscapitol are lowered to half-staff to honor the courageous men & women of america s law enforcement who ga…
the house just passed the tax cutsand jobs act  american families know better than the government how to spend their…
recording a message to members of  nfib on efforts to grow the economy by simplifying the tax code & removing overl…
my statement on the bipartisan budget deal 
rt  ap  the latest  senate democrats appear to have derailed a republican bill aimed at preventing a federal shutdown 
good to get an infrastructure update from  secelainechao at  transport today  looking forward to working with…
  potus made the right decision to withdraw from the iran deal   my statement 
the dairy industry is one of our most important economic drivers in upstate new york  however  our dairy farmers ar…
western civilization owes hungary gratitude for courage in 1956 and today in defense of their freedom & sovereignty 
rt  speakerryan  finally  we can give our men and women in uniform the resources they deserve and end the cycle of dangerous short-term fun…
the men and women of  miamidadepd   cityofhomestead police   mcsonews &  kwpolice put their lives on the line to pr…
i ll continue advocating to protect our precious natural resources in congress  because once a spill occurs - it s too late 
grateful for the opportunity to have met with former u s  ambassador to the u n  john bolton last week  thanks for…
about to interview with bryce doeschot from  krvn  bdoeschot
icymi  areas surrounding anchorage  juneau & fairbanks were designated as high intensity drug trafficking areas  th…
happy national ag day to our nation s farmers  especially those in oh-14  did you know  geauga county generates near…
rt  abigailcbn   this practice was extremely important to me personally  i m very proud rain or shine we came out today   says  reploudermi…
i was honored to receive  freedomworks  freedomfighter award earlier this week 
today i join my fellow georgians in mourning the loss of an incredible man  zell miller  zell was a tremendous lead…
rt  schoolchoicewk  thank you  replukemesser for being such a strong schoolchoice supporter
 i don t recall   - the response defense attorneys tell their clients to say to keep them from lying clinton emails
rt  repdianeblack  icymi  107 of my colleagues joined my letter to  speakerryan   gopleader &  stevescalise urging them to do everything in…
millions of kids across the country have been given a healthy start in life thanks to the chip program  senate nee…
wishing a happy passover to all those celebrating 
my wife marie & i would like to wish you & your family a merry christmas    especially to our active u s  military…
the state-of-the-art  amazon facility in robbinsville is impressive  4000 people work on site  including a number o…
rt  gopleader  the disastrous iran deal was agreed to a year ago  here s a look back 
470  companies across the country are investing more in their employees because of taxreform  that means additiona…
today will be my last day posting to this account  you can still follow my personal updates  including the verse i…
 hi_its_kari  hfrankly i suggest u google to find lots of my interviews on this issue  it does not lend itself to short answer
sen  schumer decided to shut down the government  i ve decided not to participate  my focus remains on serving you …
statement released today by me and my colleagues   electrodney   adamkinzinger   repshimkus   rephultgren …
rt  johnboozman  and now we re hopping over on 93 3 the eagle to discuss more small business on the talk small yall tour 
rt  repjenniffer  as we mark the six-month anniversary of hurricane maria making impact  much anxiety & frustration remains among the us ci…
today i spent my time in our energy and water appropriations subcommittee hearing questioning the army corps on the…
rt  austinscottga08  access to high speed internet service is much more than a quality of life issue  it s also an economic issue  the 201…
this is great news  in the months following tax reform  there are 6 6 million job openings—a record high  our econo…
while there s much more we can–and should do–to turn the tide on the opioid epidemic  working to keep this poison f…
congratulations to emily from birmingham on earning the highest congressional medal awarded to our nation s youth 
rt  foxbusiness    repbrianbabin on tax reform   this is not going to be the last we hear of at&t or boeing or any of these other companies…
charter is proving once again that taxreform works by raising their minimum wage to  15  learn more about this exc…
wishing a happy mother s day to my wonderful wife  jackie  and to all the moms in missouri-03  i hope you enjoy you…
 the position of speaker is not an easy task  i thank paul for his hard work in congress  his service to the ameri…
rt  repmccaul    househomeland delegation s work examining security at international airports will better protect americans at home
congratulations  steve_staub on appointment to  shopfloornam board  great to have a strong  local voice at this exc…
families in my district have told me what doubling the child tax credit to  2 000 means to them  they look forward…
i m grateful for  speakerryan s leadership and i look forward to working with him for the remainder of his time in…
rt  reprodblum  good cup of coffee from java john s in decorah  another  ia01  classy small business stop during small business week 
we are now considering h r  5686  medicare clear health options in care for enrollees  choice  act find all bills…
rt  wsj  drugmaker pfizer plans to pay a tax of  15 billion on overseas profits over the next eight years
read the full text of the  housegop tax reform legislation  the tax cuts and jobs act  tax reform…
spoke with brad byrd on  wehtwtvwlocal about tonight s state of the union address  the immigration debate  and soci…
rt  msnbc  watch  katy tur spars with rep   jim_jordan over his claims that the christopher steele dossier  is garbage    sens  warner…
on this day in 1869  the steam power brake was patented by george westinghouse  railways
in case you missed it  yesterday i spoke with  mariabartiromo on  foxbusiness  morningsmaria regarding the…
an honor to be a part of the ceremony unveiling the new historic marker recognizing the location of the old…
icymi  i spoke with  praiseindy on friday about the opioidepidemic that is hitting hoosiers hard throughout the s…
i commend the trump administration for standing with cuba s true leadership  the brave pro-democracy activists  in…
a  nwherald letter to the editor on the climate solutions caucus ➡️https //t co/kvtr4gkvzc
last dec   april  my colleagues & i sent letters 2  fcc    usda 2 prohibit the purchase of equipment/services from…
honored to join  repmccaul and  repsires in this bipartisan effort to ensure america s tax dollars are spent wisely 
rt  pryan  more great news as companies continue to use tax savings to invest in their workers ☕️
desoto county em  salvation army mobile cantina to serve hot meals 6 pm tonight at old winn dixie building 1330 e oak st  hwy 70  arcadia
our economy is thriving thanks to tax reform  there are now 6 6 million job openings – a record high  and we re jus…
tonight at 7 15 p m  et  we will be hosting our third  va05  telephone town hall meeting of 2018  learn more here →…
in this morning s hearing  i asked expert witnesses about the ramifications of our  566 billion trade deficit  as a…
today  the house is voting on the housing opportunity made easier act  h r  2255  to ensure that habitat for humani…
congratulations to mike pompeo on being confirmed as the 70th u s  secretary of state today  american leadership on…
watch  cspan around 5 20pm et/ 2 20pm pt – speaking on my bill to honor vietnam helicopter crew members & pilots 
appreciate seeing republican colleagues like  repryancostello and  replancenj7 show political courage and hold…
today   senjoniernst and i led entire iowa delegation on a letter to president trump asking him not to implement ta…
while details emerge of the victims and circumstances in the florida shooting  we first pray for all involved  we m…
icymi  yesterday  i spoke with  nbc25fox66 about the great lakes restoration initiative  infrastructure  opioids …
on march 14th at 11 00am  the coast guard and maritime transportation subcommittee will hold a hearing on 2019 budg…
 gidgetgirlhb is it arrogant or silly 4 a constituent with opposing views to tell official  just reelected by a large majority  to move on
rt  housetermlimits  convinced we need term limits in congress yet 
taxreform works for everyday families and is pro-growth 👪 📈 learn more about…
with tax cuts for america  americans and georgians are dreaming again   americafirstpol
we can t make change if we don t show up and find ways to make all of our voices heard 
so glad to hear that president trump reinstated ban on us funds promoting abortion overseas 
rev  billy graham s legacy will live on for generations  may he rest in peace 
great visit today with the students and staff of blue ridge school and early college in cashiers 
4  more job opportunities and paycheck growth after years of stagnant wages 
about to join john muir on  newstalkwtaq on this busy busy day  tune in 
rt  foxnews    repleezeldin on special counsel on fisa abuse   this isn t just about transparency  it s also about accountability    judgej…
moving funeral for officer familia  loudest ovation for pc o neill when he asked where was demonstration when po fa…
it was an honor to meet the men and women of the 911th airlift wing  our nation s reserves provide valuable support…
proud to vote for the born-alive abortion survivors protection act  passage of which coincides with the 45th annual…
rt  natresources    interior is celebrating national park week with free entrance to all national parks on saturday  april 21  find your par…
in natural resources committee oversight hearing on  exploring innovative solutions to reduce the department of the…
learn more about tax reform by texting  tax reform  to 50589 or visiting
a beautiful testimony and tribute to billy graham from his daughter  ruth graham   when we come to god with our sin…
congressman griffith participated in the unveiling of 2018 s virginia tourism magazine cover  this year s cover fea…
recently had the opportunity to discuss violence in society and the situation with north korea with coby mach on dr…
rt  speakerryan  in the 3 months since tax reform  we re already seeing  ✔️small biz grow & invest ✔️bonuses for more than 6 million worker…
watch live  using technology to address climate change
barbara bush is a gracious lady who exhibited incredible strength and dignity as first lady  my family and i are p…
never forget
at  marklundcharity hyde center in geneva i learned about the wide range of services they offer children and adults…
as  ga09  businesses and workers continue to reap the benefits of tax reform  i welcomed insight from members of the…
rt  robertharding    repjohnkatko praises march for our lives   open to the discussion  on stricter gun laws  ny24 
rt  teamsters    reppeteking joins  senschumer at teamsters local 707 to announce his co-sponsorship of butch lewis act
rt  tonykatz  next on  tonykatz |  replukemesser reacts to the announcement that  realdonaldtrump will meet with kim jung-un by may  tune i…
this afternoon chairman  repkevinbrady spoke on the house floor in support of w&m legislation to redesign  refocus…
congratulations to ceo fha habitat for humanity  ken cates and patco construction  pat patterson for the groundbrea…
rt  exportsocal  decsc chair marv sepe presented u s  congressman ed royce  chairman of the house foreign affairs committee with a plaque…
obamacare co-ops failing  why should folks forced off health insurance be penalized bc of a broken law  voted to end this today  better way
thanks for having me  it was a great discussion this morning 
i toured abigail s place shelter w/ adrian o toole and shereen sampson to learn more about their work to help women…
i have requested that my pay be withheld until the federal government has reopened   wa04  schumer shutdown…
my statement on the release of the f i s a memo -&gt 
thanks to the tax cutsand jobs act  utility bills are dropping in north carolina and 38 others states — and companie…
 tbt  to the many stops on my faces of tax reform tour 
great to meet with the students of hinson middle school in daytona beach during their visit to washington  dc this…
starting soon  the legislative branch subcommittee holds a hearing on the fy19 budget for the architect of the…
thanks for having me on 
great event with  google today at kerman middle school  teaching our children how to safely use the internet is ver…
i m back with  cnbc after today s hearing with fed chair jerome powell  tune in to  powerlunch now 
the president is right  it is vitally important we reinvest tax reform savings into workforcedevelopment & vocatio…
i took a moment at today s leadership press conference to thank the men and women in law enforcement who work hard…
sat down with  wtov9 before meeting with new steubenville mayor earlier today  lots of topics discussed 
rt  brentclanton   lanceroberts w  judgetedpoe   i think it s a great idea  and i support  totally  putting the national guard on the borde…
rt  gopleader  lower taxes  big results  ✅ 4m americans have received bonuses  raises  and/or increased benefits ✅ hourly wages up 2 9%  la…
proud to visit  usnatarchives today in honor of billof rights day  our precious first 10 amendments are treasured n…
rt  flgovscott  floridians and visitors can text flprepares to 888777 in order to receive text alerts on hurricane preparedness from  flser…
i have known father pat for the past seven years and have appreciated the care and guidance he has provided to me a…
last month  ms-13 members were arrested in c-bus   icegov found most ms-13 members are foreign-born nationals 
it was great talking border security and other issues with constituents at the salem united church of christ s mard…
el dorado s very own hannah crawford testified today at a roundtable highlighting the importance of agriculture  of…
on friday  hot springs national park superintendent josie fernandez will retire after a decade of service to the ci…
under one of the secret side deals  americans are not allowed to see  with iran  un inspectors are barred from   
also  a big thank you to  drphilroe for spending time listening to our local vets share their concerns & for all yo…
  stateavc  statedept  secpompeo  now that  yleempoblete has been confirmed as avc a/s  we are in good hands  no on…
attn  high school students  i m now accepting submissions for the 2018 congressional art competition  interested stu…
day 7 for 31 reasons4 tax reform→ our broken tax code harms american manufacturing  our top goal for taxreform is to…
 sandiegocounty will be opening a local assistance center  lac  at 9 00 am tomorrow morning at  vistalibrary  700 e…
i agree   repryancostello  we need to do this with compassion   daca 
in honor of the national week of conversation  the co-chairs of the civility and respect caucus  the honor and civi…
obama thanks republicans for omnibus that funded planned parenthood  obamacare  executive amnesty and the syrian refugee program   sotu 
don t miss our hearing tomorrow w/testimony from  ustreasury secretary  stevenmnuchin1  watch live from our website…
rt  westerncaucus  read statements by chairman  repgosar   housescience  lamarsmithtx21   houseappropsgop subcommittee on interior chairman…
we passed the choice act today  this bill will enable our local banks to better serve their communities 
rt  speakerryan  the house will vote on the 2018 farm bill this week  it funds education and training programs and includes work requirement…
too many times  d c  has failed to decide how taxes are spent  if congress doesn t do their job  they don t get des…
remembering president ronald reagan on what would have been his 107th birthday  we are stronger today as country be…
rt  alz_pa  great meeting with leah  reploubarletta s office to request support for increased alzheimer s research funding and cosponsorshi…
have a happy 4th of july weekend 
rt  housecommerce  sub energy held a hearing today on the state of electric transmission infrastructure as part of the powering america ser…
this tax day it s out with the old tax code  in with the new  find out what your 2018 taxes will look like at…
rt  reploudermilk  we are discussing the challenges and opportunities in financial technology   fintech   marketplace-aka bitcoin  venmo  p…
the department of defense has announced that 17 lakota training helicopters will be added to the fleet at fort ruck…
honored to welcome adjutant general of indiana maj  gen  courtney p  carr to the capitol today for an update on how…
pleased to speak in support of h res128 before its passage by the house earlier this week  the ethiopian government…
a lot of focus was on education and the providing safe disposal of unused and unneeded opioids  i should mention th…
next week  i ll be hosting my 16th and 17th coffee with your congresswoman events in south glens falls and in moria…
weekly newsletter 
rt  chadpergram  treasury says nat l debt is now  20 5 trillion  republican study cmte chair walker says  republicans cannot kick the can o…
attn  evacuations are currently taking place in pueblo county due to a wildfire  to stay updated on the situation …
rt  socalopinion  how to push back against the bad decisions that hurt national security  guest commentary by  reppaulcook 
in georgia alone  533 000 people have coronary heart disease  during american heart month  i urge everyone to take…
 militaryofficer it is an honor to work every single day on behalf of the more than 120 000 maine veterans who have…
together with  louiseslaughter i ve urged  fema to reconsider federal aid requests for cayuga county following floo…
 he believes the party is making it easier to find jobs and he applauds the recent republican-led tax cut  …
shortly  i will be speaking on the house floor to detail the case for why a 2nd special counsel must be appointed t…
   i m enlisting the help of the cdc and others to determine if such high prevalence in such a small geographic are…
rt  aarpsc  more focus on sc s 700k  family caregivers  thank you  repjoewilson for cosponsoring raise family caregivers act  now law 
passed  h r  38 - the concealed carry reciprocity act of 2017  here s my full statement 
tune into  foxbusiness for my interview with  cvpayne in just a few minutes 
congrats to san diego native  shaunwhite on winning the gold medal in the men s snowboard halfpipe at the 2018…
i am proud to have called  speakerryan a colleague  a leader & a friend  i know it means a great deal to him to hav…
james comey and james clapper insist they had nothing to do with the media reporting of the russian dossier  it su…
rt  dberrygannett  the house is scheduled to vote today on a bill proposed by  benniegthompson that would make the home of medgar evers a n…
rt  cathymcmorris  tax reform is about empowering people  including those with disabilities 
today the subcommittee on workforce protections heard from witnesses as it examined the opioid epidemic s implicati…
today  we celebrate the role mothers play in our lives  wishing all the moms a happy mothers day 
thank you  moms  for everything you do  wishing you and your family a happy mother s day 
the obama administration s nuclear deal with iran was a failure from the beginning  president trump made the right…
the  ndaa  will give our troops a much needed and well deserved pay raise - the largest in 8 years  i am proud to su…
thanks to tax reform  manufacturers  optimism is at historic levels  this is big for nc as manufacturing represents…
thank you to ms  malone from  duncan_middle in palm beach gardens and her class for having me  great to see these y…
  askregions bank announcement of several long-term investments in their employees  customers  & communities is a w…
board of regents chair dave murfin presents the chancellor s collar and officially presents douglas a  girod as the…
rt  stevescalise  today   potus awarded the medal of valor to the heroes who saved the lives of everyone at the baseball field on june 14 …
rt  fedamerhospital  our speakers for the 2018 public policy conference and business exposition on march 5th  will be  hhsgov secretary ale…
we grieve w/ our fellow americans & stand w/ them at the ready as they recover from hurricane maria s devastation  puerto rico strong🇺🇸🇵🇷
this has been our busiest week all year with constituents coming in  very sorry to have missed you 
these comey memos were supposed to implicate president trump  really  on page 13 potus appears to instruct direct…
rt  foxnews    jim_jordan on james comey  a leak s a leak  a leak is when you take information and give it to the press   foxandfriends htt…
from highlighting the stifling debt to identifying the systemic financial malpractice of the puerto rico government…
congratulations to middleburg mayor betsy davis on receiving the highest honor at the visit loudoun s annual touris…
great to meet with danny presley  new webster asst city manager  we talked about local harvey recovery efforts  i…
great to see you today   markrhall  
recently   marscuriosity reflected on its 5-year journey on mars  this had me too reflecting on the work  nasaglenn…
  secnielsen received a warm welcome from rsc members today for her exceptional job in securing the border and keep…
rt  repmikerogersal  facts on the 2018 farm bill   al03  ag
today is the last tax day that  tx24  has to file under the broken  outdated and uncompetitive tax system of the las…
rt  bafound  thank you  repguthrie for meeting with our brainaneurysms survivors today  bee supportiveof b a funding
thanks to everyone who joined us for coffee hour today in delta township  we covered many important topics like edu…
today s agreement marks an important step forward on key priorities for oregon  read my statement on the passage of…
rt  househomeland  with the collapse of the so-called caliphate in iraq and syria  there s been a spike in foreign fighters returning to th…
thanks so much   hartofpgh 
family members of vets who made ultimate sacrifice now allowed to participate in  librarycongress project 
thanks friend - left easter goodies by our beloved riley s plaque  now in  puppy love  heaven  12th b-day was today 
rt  foxnews  major obama policy rollbacks 
i m happy to announce that after months of hard work  by all involved  h res128 is scheduled for a vote the week of…
texas is at the forefront of job creation and has always led the way for robust economic growth  much of that has t…
rt  justinamash  the liberty act passed committee 27-8  it allows the government to search our private data without a warrant—in violation…
an incredible act of solidarity  quick thinking  and support for a man in need  if you or a loved one are in need …
god bless texas  our great nation  and all those who went above and beyond to help in the face of harvey 
rt  forestservice  wildfire suppression costs keep increasing as fire seasons are growing longer  and the fires are getting more frequent…
rt  peymaneh123  an inspiration for many minorities such as iranian americans who she stood by & supported them for their strive for freedo…
rt  whitehouse  watch the  sotu  live alongside tweets from key trump administration accounts here 
this month  we celebrate and thank all service women and men courageously engaged in our armed forces to keep our n…
rt  transport   hr4  isn t all about aviation  it also contains the disaster recovery reform act  which will help our communities be better…
starting now  the hearing on h r  3180-intelligence authorization act & s  114 - department of veterans affairs bonus transparency act 
rt  djr_131  glad to meet with  congressmangt  a true champion for career & technical education in pennsylvania and the us   nps18  ag edu …
we were able to secure the passage of our amendment to jessie s law during last week s  housecommerce legislative m…
 i believe transparency is the best way to proceed regarding these matters   lance said on cnn s  new day  
budget committee hearing tomorrow on growing risks to the economy and the budget  oversight spending
rt  housecommerce  introducing the third video in the  personal stories from the opioid crisis  series  now in recovery  devon lives  a lif…
thank you to the hardworking  starbucks employees who hosted me behind the bar this afternoon  i had a great time c…
there is currently a brush fire in alamosa county and evacuations are underway  follow  cityofalamosa to stay updat…
rt  ivankatrump  thank you prime minister  netanyahu & mrs  netanyahu for the warm welcome to israel  i am honored to join you & the us del…
rt  hurdonthehill  tune in  it s time to learn more about how the government can benefit from the revolutionary opportunities  ai  offers  j…
great joining  wfmy s  julie_luck and  chadsilber last evening to discuss our success in getting congress to vote o…
joining the thousands of people fighting on behalf of alfie s life  with two boys of my own  it breaks my heart kno…
house passed funding bills  putting taxpayers first  time for the senate to do their job 
due to inclement weather  my offices will be closing at 3pm to ensure my staff can safely return home  it is antici…
congratulations to nick ensing of northview high school  m i03 s artfest 2018 congressional art competition grand p…
brevard county hurricane preparedness - planning for your pets
appreciated the chance to discuss projects in  oh15  and central ohio with  repbeatty at  rickintlairport as part o…
there is absolutely nothing in this short-term spending bill that democrats philosophically disagree with  senate…
rt  wfmy  greensboro united soccer association hosts tornado relief night
awesome game between purdue and butler today  congrats to  boilerball on advancing to the sweet 16  march madness
i agree  danielleisb  thank you for all you &  fightcrc do each day to lead the fight against colorectalcancer 
rt  ntvssarakirkley   we want to bring about as much certainty as we can and that s what i m focusing on   we talked with  repadriansmith l…
at  housecommerce  we are continuing our legislative push to combat the opioid crisis  my bipartisan bill  jessie s…
the last time steel tariffs were imposed  it cost american jobs  i m already hearing from constituents who fear thi…
rt  cal_fire  detwiler fire [update] 2 miles east of lake mcclure  mariposa county  is now 74 083 acres and 15% contained https //t co/zboy…
public hearing today   2 00pm on national monument designation  details below   ca08 
report  booming economy leads to record-high spring break air travel tax reform
congressman griffith s weekly e-newsletter 5 15 17  america first energy policy
before today s vote on tax reform  i have been answering the phones in washington with staff to hear what hoosiers…
our nation s water and power infrastructure are vital to our economy   repnewhouse s bill streamlines the  usbr &…
joining  harryhurley on  wpg1450 now for the hour   ask the congressman   tune in as we cover a wide range of local & national issues 
rt  lracheldg   my district expects us … to rein in spending   repjimbanks says  via  dailysignal
rt  waysandmeansgop  tax reform is allowing you to crank up the ac this summer for less     how  by helping to lower utility costs in 48 st…
rt  americafirstpol    repjimrenacci   you re going to see growth  the economy is going to start booming  and the greatest benefit is going…
rt  riponadvance  h r  2  farm bill 2018  provides critical support for the farmers in our district and it will support new farmers as they…
commander solis has touched the lives of thousands of students  instilling them with values of patriotism  loyalty …
congratulations to the pechanga band of luiseño indians on the grand opening of its new hotel tower and the expansi…
spoke about my meeting with president trump on trade & more for this week s connect to congress
spoke on the house floor in honor of sparks native  capt  joshua todd byers  keeping his family in my thoughts …
rt  reporterjoe  let pentagon carry over fy18 budget boost so money isn t wasted   repkaygranger tells  defense_news
for those that have put everything on the line for  usa   the service & sacrifice doesn t end when they get back on…
appreciated hearing from  nj  advocates of  aadmember on important treatment priorities 
i believe in the  jstars  mission  and i will continue pressing back against  usairforce plans to cancel this platfo…
click the link below to hear from  deahq  us_fda  cdcgov  samhsagov and  nih on federal efforts to combat the…
last tweet for this evening - be sure to check out the super blue blood moon
  potus s tax reform is essential if we are to build on the solid economic growth just reported 
the committee will now consider the fy19 legislative branch appropriations bill 
rt  garyshapiro    repbobgibbs  drone tech deserves a rethink in dc   ctatech
column  a recent usda proposal could threaten rural america s access to assistance programs
  hascrepublicans and  hascdemocrats have gaveled in and are ready to start marking up  fy19ndaa   watch live here 
next tuesday   housescience will markup  gopleader s stem education & careers bill and  nasa authorization act of 2…
today=tax day & it s the last day hoosiers will file their taxes w/the overly-complicated &outdated tax code  thx…
grateful for our  mn_firechiefs and all of our minnesota firefighters who protect us when we need them most with br…
rt  rephuizenga  happening now  we are underway in the  financialcmte with testimony from treasury secretary  stevenmnuchin1 on  fsoc   tax…
i can t agree more - together we are stronger and more impactful  great to visit with you today 
 while the united states leads in the world in r&d spending  with annual investments of some  510 billion  we are l…
the house is providing peace of mind for americans by funding the fight against opioids & passing sweeping reforms…
tax cuts are working  businesses here in missouri are writing bonus checks to their employees  giving pay increases…
rt  secretarysonny  as irma has reached florida  keep up with real time information through  fema s feed of trustworthy sources 
sun valley native hilary knight makes her third olympic appearance in pyeong chang2018  this forward for the women…
rt  craigcaplan  house  goppolicy chair  replukemesser at  pressclubdc on gop agenda & 2016 election  cspan
additionally  h r  3053 will allow the federal government to fulfill our commitment to develop a permanent solution…
rt  amerambassoc  thank you to  tomcoleok04 for meeting with oklahoma ambulance leaders this morning  we appreciate your dedication to key…
today  i visited the  martinsburgvamc to learn more about the good work they are doing for veterans in  va06  
i had dinner last night with the new ambassador of the republic of korea to the united states  his excellency cho y…
rt  deawashingtondc    deawashingtondc sac colder and  repcomstock at d e a take back in sterling va  come join us  
honored to be listed as one of  cr  s top 25 conservative members of congress  as long as i served in the us house…
important announcement for american energy and jobs  yes2energy
 repdesantis congratulations 
 margaretedu it was an honor to talk higher ed issues with you this morning  thank you for coming in 
rt  speakerryan  the decision to expel russian diplomats from the u s  makes clear that we stand with our allies and that there will be con…
 potus heard some powerful tax reform stories during his event in west virginia last week  click the link and tell…
on this national day of prayer  please join with me in praying for unity  for together we can accomplish much more …
wishing everyone a happy and safe cinco de mayo 
it was great to have the  alfa  young leaders group in dc this week  i love seeing young folks…
developing leadership skills in our sailors is critical to strengthening the fleet  great to see the navy making th…
more great news thanks to the tax cutsand jobs act   kroger is hiring 11 000 employees nationwide  read more &gt &gt 
fact  in 2013  president obama s own science adviser dr  john holdren developed a plan to make the results of feder…
enjoyed taking questions on federal policy from members of the associated builders and contractors legislative comm…
good news  a treasury letter says illinois homeowners are allowed to deduct prepaid property taxes despite irs warn…
rt  ttrr_ramage  was an honor to induct our 7th graders  bonhamowls into our national junior honor society tonight   nhs_njhs with guest sp…
a true bipartisan vote for a most deserving individual - specialist jeffrey l  white jr 
rt  hascrepublicans  tune in  chairman  mactxpress &  hasc  republicans press conference on the budget agreement - watch live
rt  jim_jordan  2  was the dossier the basis for securing fisa warrants to spy on americans  and why won t the fbi show congress the fisa a…
i m committed to working w/ social security & all of my colleagues to make sure the agency has all the tools it needs to stop fraud 5/6
h r  5175  pipeline and lng facility cybersecurity preparedness act  as amended  has passed the full cmte by voice vote
  congressmanhice  it is time for the irs to hold itself to the same high standard it requires of american taxpayers 
  hurdonthehill  today  we are here to talk about the best way to protect the integrity of our voting systems throu…
i ll be speaking on the house floor in support of jobs  american energy  and the keystone pipeline  tune in -&gt 
tune in to the  sotu  tonight  and stay tuned for the republicans address by  joniernst 
i will continue to fight reckless  last-minute regulation by our executive branch   housejudiciary
rt  aircraftcarrier  great video of operations on  ussharrystruman during operation inherent resolve  video 
tanf reauthorization is our opportunity to ensure we are connecting americans on the sidelines with economic opport…
the most delicious stat of the day   kare11   wisconsin produced record 3 37b pounds of cheese in 2017  https //t co/liysfywdxd 🧀🧀🧀👍👍👍
rt  bamafla  thank you congressman  repgusbilirakis for speaking to our group last night  it was a very interesting and lively discussion …
the rfp released by the  usnavy today is a great step towards strengthening the fleet  355ships
rt  repmikebishop  on world meningitis day  alicia stillman from mi was in washington advocating for meningitis b awareness  a lesser known…
and it has been an honor to take this journey with you from the people s house 
rt  mmarkarian  thanks to  repchrissmith  repblumenauer & 170  members of congress for urging robust funding for animal welfare 
be sure to watch  foxandfriends on sunday for a very special mothers day 
in case you don t receive my monthly e-newsletter  here is a look at some of my recent work for eastern north carol…
rt  foxandfriends   [james comey] messed everything up from the get go  and frankly i don t think he has a whole lot of credibility   - jim…
our veterans deserve our full support for their sacrifices in defense of this nation  that s why the fy18 omnibus p…
icymi  new house bills take aim at foreign propaganda
planting season is just around the corner  did you know that alabama has almost 9 million acres of farm land that h…
congressman griffith visited the salem va medical center today to participate in research week 
thank you to all our school nutritionists   i am so grateful for your work and will continue to fight to make sure…
  repmarkmeadows  according to the federal register  agencies issued 3 280 rules last year  this amounts for less t…
rt  houseappropsgop  tune in at 10 am  chairman  tomcoleok04 & the lhhs subcommittee hold a hearing on the fy19 budget for  hhsgov biodefe…
rt  transport  h r  4 will provide long-term certainty to our aviation sector with a 5 year authorization  but it does much more than that …
congratulations amber  this is a great accomplishment  best wishes for continued success 
opioids have many names  and they affect many people  nearly 15 million americans abuse or misuse prescription drug…
happening now  examining tax-exempt private activity bonds for all aboard florida s brightline passenger rail syste…
at that point  folks including current beneficiaries would face across-the-board benefit cuts if congress doesn t act 
the causeway is a real treasure  and i applaud spanish fort for their efforts to highlight and fully take advantage…
how did we get to schumershutdown  read this full recap in  thehill 
proud to have gotten h  res  443 over the finish line with last night s passage  but there s still more work to be…
 wcnc **senate democrats** have voted to shut down federal government  house republicans passed all 12 appropriati…
  jim_jordan  only at the  irs  are bad employees – those with conduct issues  unauthorized access to taxpayer infor…
rt  michfarmbureau  new michigan farm bureau president carl bednarski gets acquainted w/  congressmandan benishek in dc & talks farming htt…
enjoyed touching base with del webb community members last week  where we discussed the benefits of the…
rt  speakerryan  today  the  uscapitol flags are lowered to half-staff in honor of our country s law enforcement who have given their lives…
out with the old  in with the new  tax code   on this tax day  take a look at what american small businesses are sa…
 we hold these truths to be self-evident  that all men are created equal  that they are endowed by their creator wi…
  repmikecoffman great to have you on board and thanks for your military service  i know plenty of gwot warriors from your great state 
update from  medstarwhc on the condition of majority whip steve scalise 
happy birthday to my dear friend and colleague  repdianeblack 
america stands with israel once again  honored to witness an amazing moment in history this morning as the united s…
rt  natresources  passed  acadia national park boundary clarification act  a bipartisan bill by  reppoliquin which will benefit families a…
rt  waysandmeansgop  watch → we ve been traveling districts and getting a glimpse into how tax reform will help americans across the nation…
rt  calmum_raiders  congratulations to our artists whose work is exhibited in the congressional exhibit  sunygcc  hollie johnson  jake larz…
this friday  i am hosting a veterans resource fair in greenville to serve as a  one-stop-shop  for veterans curious…
rt  foxandfriends  rep   jim_jordan  we re sending a letter to ag sessions tomorrow – we want to know if he was consulted on the raid of mi…
4  after years of stagnant wages  this new tax code will finally help americans get a raise  it will reward hard wo…
rt  ilivedonparker   repabraham thanks for supporting us  ilivedonparkeravenue adoption  ilopa 
 iubloomington  2012-13 academic yr  iu started sending annual student loan debt letters to student borrowers  millennials  1 
major step toward taxreform for more jobs  better wages & fairer taxes 
rt  repfredupton  48 states  including michigan  seeing lower utility bills following tax reform
thank you for coming by today  it was a pleasure to meet with you and i look forward to supporting increased fundin…
rt  springfieldnl  congratulations to the graduates of republic high school  see photos from the ceremony here  l…
rt  housebudgetgop  medicare   social security are running out of money  house republicans are fighting for solutions to save & secure the…
great talking tax reform with  thehardwoodfed today 
this weekend the  uscg commissioned a new fast response cutter in the name of joseph gerczak - a native of se penns…
rt  repjeffduncan  a fresh start often requires change  and i believe that change should start with the election of a new speaker
 no personnel announcements at this time  is not what our veterans want to hear nor deserve  they demand an end to…
rt  repmcsally   potus  visit to see the wall prototypes today shows  realdonaldtrump remains committed to building stronger borders  i m ch…
chairman  rep_stevewomack live now on  foxnews to discuss the budget request from  potus  tune in 
proud to have always supported south jersey estuaries & their critical environmental & economic importance to our r…
rt  speakerryan  reverend dr  martin luther king  jr  made america look up  and look within  by his works  we saw the great promise of the…
great to meet with a 5th grade class from briarwood today at our nation s capitol  i hope they…
rt  roslehtinen  ha  repnewhouse  you re giving away our secret code 
rt  suepeschin   repjoebarton crystal tatum and i just met with the fabulous gable brady to discuss the importance of  pcori patients4 p c o r…
rt  justicereform   what gives you hope  what can we do as members of congress to advance prison reform    rephultgren co-chair of  tlhuman…
every single coastal municipality in south carolina - and over 140 coastal municipalities on the east coast - have…
good work 
 around the world  we face rogue regimes  terrorist groups  and rivals like china and russia that challenge our int…
the committee will continue to release and mark up fy19 bills next week - marking up the energy and water and agric…
thanks  aclinews for a great event  my team proudly won third worst team name run wis town
icymi  i took to the house floor to recognize an outstanding minnesotan  mncoachlucia as he prepares to retire afte…
rt  modernizeaid  thank you  repadamsmith &  reptedyoho for your leadership on effective foreign aid  press release  smith  yoho lead co…
looking forward to joining  710knus  swtubbs this afternoon on the  tubbsshow to discuss  va  & honest ads act  tune in shortly at 5pm mt  📻🎙
i recently met several young idahoans who are making a big difference in their communities  we should be excited to…
on april 28   deahq will join law enforcement in communities across the country for national prescription drug take…
your  fl18  staff will be available in indiantown tomorrow if there s anything we can help with - medicare  the va …
icymi- fy18 commerce  justice  science bill funds  nsf grants for  nj  universities & violence against women grants 
introduced legislation w/  michaelcburgess  genegreen29  repdianadegette  repguthrie and  repdebdingell to moderni…
enjoyed stopping by the historic duckpin bowling alley in potter  nebraska  as i m sure you can tell from the phot…
rt  houseagnews  icymi  house ag members highlight nutrition on house floor  s n a pmatters  congressmangt  conawaytx…
today i met with members from  davhq to discuss the ways congress can best serve our heroes   nv02 
my mobile office will be at centerton city hall tomorrow to help you   ar3 
rt  realdonaldtrump  employment is up  taxes are down  enjoy 
stories like these show what s gone wrong in civil forfeiture  man stopped for  25 ticket - charged with no crime -…
hosted  govabbott and fellow texas delegation members this morning in the ways & means committee room to discuss hu…
there s not going to be a 2000 mile-long borderwall  we can talk reasonably  however  about  daca  and…
the  glri  supports thousands of restoration projects aimed to improve water quality  fight invasive species & resto…
the taxpayer first act by  replynnjenkins orders the  irs  to restructure to fit our new  simplified tax code  deman…
icymi  my column in  myplainview on  nafta    ultimately  i have confidence in our negotiator-in-chief to get a bett…
last week  budkennedy asked me about the flu on  wfaa s inside texas politics  today  housecommerce sub health wa…
reminder  tomorrow at noon is the deadline to submit your app for the  congressionalac 
icymi - this week  reppittenger introduced a cfius reform bill    happy to co-sponsor sound legislation that protec…
mylene and i are deeply saddened by this vicious attack on innocent civilians in las vegas   
the american workforce must be ready to meet our nation s expanding infrastructure needs  read my release on the bu…
rt  housescience  the great american solar eclipse is finally here  this is what you need to know for today s once-in-a-lifetime event→http…
tune in   1 00pm pdt to my facebook live with gary soiseth  mayor of my hometown of turlock  we ll be talking about…
heroism is the unfaltering desire to serve others  there are those among us that answer the call to protect and ser…
list of shelters  evacuation routes  and additional harvey resources ↓
rt  repmikebishop  i joined  repmoolenaar and  repdebdingell today in hosting a briefing to talk about ways to combat this epidemic by leve…
rt  s4hubbard  trump  let s fix the soo locks via  detroitnews  lcaships  interlakessco  twinthepoe
be sure to visit or text  tax reform  to 50589 to learn more about how tax reform is benefi…
this morning  north carolina lost one of our finest sons with the passing of the reverend billy graham  reverend gr…
rt  csgjc  since the second chance act was passed 10 years ago with broad  bipartisan support  states have made supporting the successful r…
the house gavels back into session today  here s a look at which bills are being considered this week 
no congress and administration have rolled back more regulations using the congressional review act than we have  t…
while questions remain regarding our long-term engagement with syria  i support president trump s proportional step…
rt  housescience    wsj  russian meddling on social media targeted u s  energy industry  report says
the tax reform bill is widely supported across the nation  workers are seeing higher wages & increased benefits  em…
families across northern michigan with disabled children will benefit from tax incentives  while saving money for future expenses 
louise slaughter s grace & strength were immediately recognizable  arguing amendments before her in the house rules…
thanks for having alison out to visit the class today 
live  strategic forces  fy19ndaa  markup - led by chairman  repmikerogersal - watch at 3 pm here 
join me today in a moment of prayer for the thousands of innocent lives that were lost 16 years…
rt  waysandmeansgop  this weekend  a bipartisan group of lawmakers led by chairman  repkevinbrady are in mexico city for the 7th round of n…
 scottwongdc dont forget the  ñ 
i ll continue to monitor this situation closely
there is no greater honor than having the opportunity to represent more than 88 000 veterans in southwest florida 
last night  i voted to keep the government open & extend child health insurance for 6 years for 1 120 kids in klama…
 cyberboles hi  cyberboles - please call my muskogee office at 918-687-2533 and ask to speak with our veterans caseworker 
rt  repjohnkatko  yesterday  i had the pleasure of sitting down with  repmccaul   hurdonthehill  and  repgallagher to discuss what congress…
mark your calendar for our constituent resource and jobs fair on oct 30th  the event will be at lake asbury jr  hig…
top comey takeaways  potus never under investigation  potus urged comey continue russia collusion probe  ag lynch interfered w hillary probe
honored to begin process of  providing for the common defense  by marking up the national defense authorization act…
visiting  forthood to check on the progress of the  1stcavalrydiv hq renovation  in 2015 i requested   for this ren…
i have consistently said the sec  not the department of labor  is the proper regulatory agency to lead on the fiduc…
congratulations  derekmillerutah  named the new president of the  saltlakechamber   utpol
rt  hascrepublicans  opening remarks of  mactxpress on markup of mattis exemption  hasc 
met with nassau county district attorney  madelinesingas in washington  dc  discussed criminal justice issues inclu…
rt  robertharding  for the second consecutive year  a cayuga county student has won  repjohnkatko s congressional art competition
rock chalk 
my bipartisan legislation  that ensures  demanddeborah continues to provide seniors & vets with quality care  passe…
i m offering a free guide to grants seminar tom  aug 16  9-12   wsu-vanc  come learn from agency experts  more info…
discussed how an overhaul of the current h-2a agricultural guestworker program would benefit the rural economy w/…
later at the hearing  rep  leonard lance expressed concern that facebook violated a 2011 agreement with the federal…
take a look at my e-newsletter to see what i did this week in washington →
rt  stjohnsupe  due to inclement weather  all st  john the baptist public schools will close tomorrow  january 17th  stay tuned for updates…
rt  visitaustintx  happy national small business week  support small  local austin businesses when you visit  from shops & boutiques to rest…
this morning i had the opportunity to talk to  uwlc about mental health and the opioid epidemic  they were all plea…
i am heartbroken to hear the news about the shooting in florida  thoughts and prayers are with the students  teache…
rt  housejudiciary  coming up on the floor today  easing the regulatory burden of  executive wish lists  by the obama administration   revi… 
speaking on the house floor now about detwiler fire  watch live 
i trust president trump to address this matter in a way that benefits the ag industry  see below for a few of my th…
rt  wtmjsteve  my friday forum guests on  620wtmj  repseanduffy and evan zeppos 
women play a key & important role in our nation s economy  with 74 6 million women in the labor force  women repres…
for over a decade  i ve been working with colleagues from both sides of the aisle and both chambers to find a solut…
  josephbenning ask bill johnson
thankful for our men and women who sacrificed everything and gave their lives to protect americans and our freedom
claims for jobless benefits have fallen to their lowest level since january 1973  a positive indication of the impa…
north carolina senate president pro-tem  senatorberger today named me to the committee that will work to place a st…
i am deeply saddened to hear of the passing of barbara bush  one of our nation s most distinguished first ladies  m…
rt  pewenvironment  investment in park infrastructure preserves history and creates jobs  thx  congmikesimpson  repschrader  senalexander  …
pleasure speaking with government students at parchment high school today   mi06 
tune in to  foxnewssunday at 9 00am 
rt  speakerryan  the late rev  billy graham will lie in honor in the u s  capitol rotunda today  here is how you can watch the service at 1…
& devastating
obamacare co-op failures have cost taxpayers more than  1 8 billion  get the facts here 
today is the national day of prayer  please join me in praying for our country  for our military men and women  and…
tune in now to our full w&m committee hearing on how tax reform is working for american families across the country…
  cbs19news highlights the r e a dit act  our bill to give members of congress at least 2 minutes to review each page…
the discussion draft  to support the peer support specialist workforce  has been reported to the full cmte by voice vote 
do you have unused and unwanted prescriptions in your medicine cabinet  this saturday 4/28  deahq is hoting…
by reducing the corporate tax rate  providing immediate expensing of machinery  and preventing an import tax …
rt  speakerboehner  the doolittle raiders risked it all in  wwii   tomorrow we will honor them with a congressional gold medal 
on presidents day  i would like to thank  realdonaldtrump for his work to make a difference in the lives of folks f…
 pat_defdaily
linking bad legislative tricks to disaster recovery is not only bad government  it is immoral and the american people deserve better  4/4
last week our community lost a brave hero in the line of duty  today i joined my fellow neighbors in honoring and r…
thrilled to see such support for my c l a s s i c s act  time to update our copyright system  it makes no sense that some…
rt  vvamerica  thanks 2 fairness4 vets house cosponsors  3/7   repryanzinke  repduckworth  repmurphyfl  reprubengallego
rt  okamotooffice  wonderful meeting with congressman  peterroskam  in addition to japanese corporations  activities in illinois state  we…
the house passed the budget which means we are one step closer to the tax relief east tennesseans deserve 
rt  mikecrapo  peace officers memorial day honors law enforcement officers who have paid the ultimate sacrifice in serving their communities …
from the  galliaherald -- congressman johnson discusses support of the humanities
the legislative branch subcommittee  chaired by  repkevinyoder  continues their budget hearings with…
because of taxreform  more than 87 million americans will see their utility costs reduced  that s more money in yo…
check out  potus speaking on the iran deal below ---&gt 
ready to join  foxnews to discuss my new opioid bill  and how we are working with  realdonaldtrump to end america s…
senate to turn  eacgov into a scene from  weekend at bernie s 
rt  cff_hoa  thank you rep  kevin yoder  repkevinyoder for meeting with dana  karey and sara today  c fadvocacy
thoughts and prayers are with this officer s family and the whole san bernardino police department   ca08 
yesterday afternoon  the house passed a trillion dollar spending bill  i believe taxpayers deserve better    
irony of rep decision to bust budget sequester is barely 2 months ago  congressional roles were reversed budgetdeal
thanks  epascottpruitt &  potus for reversing so-called clean power plan  which would have cost billions and provid…
rt  covnews  visit with rep  jody hice s staff  coming soon to madison
i will be at the white house ceremony to honor first responders this afternoon with officers griner and bailey
yesterday  i had the honor of meeting president macron after his address to congress  we appreciate and commend his…
it s time to end the schumershutdown
house republicans passed a 5-year chip reauthorization on nov  3  2017  227 rs voted for it  171 ds voted against i…
great news from  cmsgov  this is real reform that  repblumenauer and i have worked together to ensure 
rt  hacunews   hurdonthehill speaks during during hacu 23rd annual national capitol forum on hispanic higher education in washington d c  …

rt  freedom4allusa  remember  when new hampshire becomes the next state with fully  lgbtq  inclusive state-level protections  30  will still…
rt  nlintheusa    rephuizenga  co-chair of the dutch congressional caucus  speaks on the importance of dutch-us ties and acknowledges the i…
rt  waysandmeansgop   good for ordinary americans  good for small businesses  good for local economies  this tax bill is the christmas gift…
app bottom line  the project isn t needed  wouldn t benefit residents and could do them & neighborhoods severe harm
marcia and i have former first lady barbara bush in our prayers  she is a person we can all look up to  and it s no…
batteries to get 30% storage capacity boost thanks to the innovative research happening at  energy  argonne…
good luck to the students from  tuskegeeuniv competing today at  hcasc  i m rooting for you   hcasc  macon co  al03 
congress must come together to repair our broken immigration system and provide immigrants with a pathway to earn t…
happy to speak about the need for tax reform on this taxreformtuesday  watch here 
rt  whitehouse  president trump is terminating the united states  participation in the joint comprehensive plan of action  jcpoa  with iran…
today is an especially significant day to recognize all the women who have made significant contributions to our so…
it s national teacher appreciation day - thank you to all of the hardworking teachers in the second district who mold…
before tonight s vote on the  ahca   i ll be talking health care with  msnbc s  alivelshi at 11 07 am et  8 07 am pt 
thank you  ag sessions  homeland
just filed formal protest letter with interior dept  over plan to weaken safeguards for offshore oil rigs  keep big…
we agree  thanks  conginst
thanks to  nefarmbureau members for meeting with me in bridgeport today to talk about trade  taxreform  and the…
we are one step closer to delivering tax reform for the hard-working people of mi01  for my full statement visit 
rt  speakerryan  the chemical attack in syria is a horror that cannot be tolerated by responsible nations  the u s  must continue to lead a…
i m also extremely pleased that  after pushing to prevent a lapse in a federal program that supports homeless cente…
rt  newstalkkcli  did you miss  repfranklucas on the wake up show  listen here
cha s 4th hearing in our series  transforming gpo for the 21st century and beyond will being in a few mins  title44
rt  houseappropsgop  rt if you agree → our men and women in uniform deserve a pay raise  later today  the house will vote to give our troop…
rt  repseanduffy  chairing the  financialcmte housing and insurance subcommittee  tune in here --&gt 
sub health is now considering h r  4684  ensuring access to quality sober living act of 2017 find all bills from t…
we are now considering h r  5197  alternatives to opioids  alto  in the emergency department act find all bills fr…
we often think of our veterans as being older  but it s the young who give the ultimate sacrifice  semper fi marine 
proud to stand up for our great lakes and oppose these cuts  we cannot afford to lose g l r i s help in the fight for…
 ca08 
i m grateful to be recognized by  thelugarcenter as one of the most bipartisan members of congress  i ve been pleas…
from the 2018 farm bill to reforms to the  deptvetaffairs and legislation protecting our country s law enforcement o…
read this ↓ tax reform
looking forward to hearing  potus talk infrastructure and job growth in our great buckeye state -- watch live on…
rt  newsradio930  blame for government shutdown rests with democrats  more from  repchriscollins
i ve always been blown away by the commitment of south dakota s rural broadband providers to getting internet acces…
i was honored to meet ji seong-ho last october  his commitment to freedom for north koreans is inspiring  we need t…
today s american budget is a good starting point for funding american priorities in the coming year   read  my full…
the terrorist threat landscape is shifting  as al qaeda rises again to eclipse isis in some regions  the names may…
blessings and peace to all on this special day 
 mn02 
show your support for local businesses across the north state tomorrow for small business saturday and shopsmall
we re working to end the practice of human trafficking  and you can catch it at the link below 
at  fordguminc in akron to talk about sugar reform with company president george stege and the employees  ford gum…
rt  housegop  wishing everyone a happy passover  may it be full of happiness  peace  and prosperity 
al salazar is a true wwii hero  he served in normandy & under bradley & patton  it was an honor to present him with…
the  uschamber s small business index has great news  nearly twice as many small businesses feel that the…
national puppy day may have passed  but i wanted to introduce you to lorenzo  a 2 year-old lab mix  lorenzo is the n…
one year after president trump s election  the  state of the union  is far better  it is far better for millions of…
the 4 page memo is a component of what looks like a much larger conspiracy involving the obama doj & fbi & more …
passage of medicare extenders is critical for home health  particularly in rural areas  home health keeps the patie…
today i went to visit a local ups facility in austinburg to talk tax reform  because of the tax cuts and jobs act ups…
great news from the tax cuts and jobs act  exxon cites tax reform as they announce  50 billion investment in us…
chairman shuster delivered an opening statement at this morning s hearing on long-term funding for highway and tran…
joining  1450whtc live now for a morning q&a  tune in &gt &gt 
did you check your check  starting in february  your paycheck may have seen a boost thanks to the tax cutsand jobs act…
tune in  the m g tact was an important first step to update our federal it systems & provide a better service to the…
each congress since being elected to serve al02  i ve introduced legislation similar to h j  res  2 that unfortunat…
phyllis schlafly  a more committed & tireless servant our country has not seen  she will be sorely missed 
welcome home col  chuck booze  your north texas neighbors are grateful for your service and sacrifice in defense o…
strongly stated   maga 
always great talking with you  tim  looking forward to a good conversation this morning  for folks in  ga10   tune i…
  jozefcz1 thanks for your question   housecommerce ask buddy
join me &  teamcavuto on  foxnews in a couple of mins  we are talking about  cfpbdirector and what can be done to f…
  potus  realdonaldtrump —&gt promise made  promise kept  our tax cuts law is already helping americans across the country   sotu 
the good news keeps rolling in  tax reform tax cutsand jobs act
i m on the way to mexico city to represent nebraska ag at this next round of  nafta  talks  read more in my weekly…
multiple times each year i have the privilege of joining pastor round table discussions frm each region across…
our  househomeland delegation discussed critical information sharing between our european partners at  nctv_nl in t…
    that this nation  under god  shall have a new birth of freedom—and that government of the people  by the people…
the tax cuts and jobs act continues to have a huge  positive impact on the economy in  nc10  & all across the us …
happy presidents day to everyone in western  pa  and across our great country  today we reflect on the service and l…
this week is american education week  where we celebrate our nation s public schools 
rt  jackngraham  i strongly support mike pompeo as sec of state  he is uniquely prepared and extremely qualified in days of both danger and…
great having the chance to speak with members of the  gahousehub military affairs committee yesterday  i m encourag…
happy birthday   flotus 
submit your artwork for the chance to be recognized at an annual awards ceremony in washington  d c  the winning wo…
this is exactly why we fought to reauthorize and expand the brownfields program  cleaning up abandoned eyesores and…
great to meet with veterans at vfw post 5582 in columbia city today to discuss issues important to vets in  in03  
rt  23wifr  belvidere firefighters honored  eight firefighters will be honored monday and tuesday for their life-saving actions during a ma…
rt  repseanduffy  hey wisconsin high school students  are you interested in a great education while serving your country  on saturday  apri…
rt  housegop  rt to wish the  usarmyreserve a very happy birthday  u s a r birthday110
congratulations to our winning team from eastern kentucky   soar_eky
view from the chair as  housecommerce subcommittee on health is drilling down on the costs of drugs  learn more …
rt  repmccaul  tune in at 10 30am ct  i m leading a  househomeland field hearing in  tx10  on the lessons learned from harvey and the path f…
combating canada s dangerous plan is critical to protecting our great lakes  inaction is too high a price to pay 
i m fascinated by the group of liberals who support  realdonaldtrump when he promises to launch missiles at other c…
the feb jobs report was released today  the nyt says  there are 39 pages in the labor department s february report…
this am  i hosted a  gopoversight roundtable discussion w/  statedept   usdol and  dhsgov to examine fraud and misu…
rt  vp  bon voyage to the uss indianapolis  god bless the brave men & women of the  usnavy
protecting our nation means providing adequate and immediate funding for current and future military endeavors …
because of the tax cutsand jobs act  cvs is investing in their workers  they are raising starting pay to  11/hour and…
 by having the ability to track any product from the beginning of its journey through the supply chain  blockchain…
rt  housegop  happy labor day  america 
most of my conservative colleagues and i in the house campaigned on changing the status quo    no one  that i m awa…
  schoolchoicewk  70% of americans support school choice
great to see  hormelfoods increasing wages for workers as a result of tax reform  read more here  mn02 
rt  repkevinbrady  starting next year  you will be able to file under the new tax law  which means more money in your pocket – all without…
today i had the privilege of meeting with some members of the alabama restaurant and hospitality association  i m l…
 icymi   it s tax season  if you or someone you know needs help navigating the filing process  checkout my taxpayer…
thank you for your support & leadership on this issue   ivankatrump  looking forward to getting  fosta   sesta  signe…
on floor to discuss  17 5 million in emergency funding by  usda  to stop spread of spotted lantern fly that threaten fruit & hardwood species
financial c h o i c e act includes my language ensuring federal financial agencies are subject to requirements of umra 
lifting up in prayer the students  families  teachers  and community forever changed by this senseless violence  th…
yesterday  i met with the  defenders of wildlife to discuss efforts in congress to protect endangered species and d…
i was not aboard the train involved in the accident today  please join me in prayer for all who were injured and their families 
congrats  jessdiggs on winning gold & making history  your work ethic  perseverance and humble  positive mn attitud…
tune in to watch the white house opioid summit live as potus and the administration continue the fight to end the o…
when social security was created  state & local government employees were excluded due to constitutional concerns
today  america fulfilled its commitment to move the u s  embassy to jerusalem  i am proud of our nations  shared hi…
  replukemesser  students who enroll in school & incur debt  but don t graduate are stuck in a tough spot  millennials g o p future
the pdi group  a small defense business in solon  was visited by  sbalinda to see the work they did to expand their…
congrats to these two scholar athletes 
rt  rulesreps  at 12 30 pm  repkenbuck will be on the  housefloor managing the rule on h r  115 - thin blue line act  watch live on  cspan
rt  realdonaldtrump  on behalf of the american people  welcome home 
looking forward to  emmanuelmacron addressing congress this morning  important issues facing our republics today  w…
this morning at 10 30 am the committee will welcome five outside experts to participate in our article i  effective…
rt  davidlobb1  thank you  repjeffduncan for the warmest welcome this morning for  militaryofficer m o a a storms for our currently serving mi…
rt  hascrepublicans  tune in  chairman  mactxpress chairs hearing on readying the u s  military for future warfare - watch live here 
rt  ninio45  wtas   housevetaffairs   drphilroe   repjackbergman   repbradwenstrup &  hascrepublicans   repmikecoffman applaud  potus for s…
proud to reintroduce empowering students through enhanced financial counseling act w/  repbonamici 
thank you   realdonaldtrump  for standing up for religious liberty  no american should suffer religious discriminat…
thank you to doreen rue from  healthservices of north texas for recently visiting my d c  office to talk about heal…
as co-chair of the nursing caucus  we thank you for all you do to keep america healthy  national nurses day
great to meet with tiffany johnson cole and hiron dior stiell this week  these delta sigma…
rt  astros  astros win 10-6  four straight  win streak  never settle
tax reform allowed  ups to increase pension funding  ~ 13 000 per participant   expand its smart logistics network …
we rearranged our schedule to attend this event and bring that message to him  and it was encouraging to hear the p…
state department informs me of a surge in passport applications  best to apply six months ahead of travel   statedept
speaking now at  nra s annual meeting   nraam 
ca teacher calls our military uneducated and the  lowest of our low   mr  salcido  i extend to you a personal invi…
today the subcommittee on health  employment  labor  and pensions heard from witnesses at a hearing on  worker-mana…
i have less than 60 minutes to offer this amendment to strike gun control from the 2 232 page omnibus funding bill …
trivia  which president s  sotu  was the first to be broadcast on television 
thanks to judy and harry edwards from mobile for stopping by my office yesterday to discuss their work with the cro…
even the  potus  realdonaldtrump agrees   nobody read  the fy18 omnibus bill  members of congress need time to read…
58 years ago on this week in nevada history  bonanza premiered on  nbc  lasting 14 seasons  it s the network s lon…
on this day in 1898  the 1st practical submarine  uss holland  1st submerges  for 1 hour 40 minutes  in new york cit…
just visited  nscsafety s prescribed to death memorial and their incredibly moving  pill wall  – featuring the face…
happy mother s day to all mothers & grandmothers  
 for he was teaching his disciples  saying to them   the son of man is going to be delivered into the hands of men …
by closing the resources traffickers use and by providing law enforcement w/ resources to find & prosecute them – l…
joined dea special agent in charge of the dc field office karl holder for drug d e a take back day at the second annual…
congrats to ross richardson who recently found several previously undiscovered ship wrecks in lake michigan 
i would like to thank all the groups who visited and advocated on behalf of their fellow arkansans  if you will be…
the further we delved into this matter  the more wrongdoing we found  clinton emails clinton email scandal  fbi 
read my op-ed in the  dcexaminer about why i voted against this fiscally irresponsible omnibus 
congratulations to  cchseagle on winning this year s widget cup on friday  president of winchester metals  josh phe…
the release of the 2017  naep   nation s report card  shows the stark reality that we are failing to prepare our chi…
happening now  talking military  vets  congress with the  heritage and  reprussell
democrats shut down the govt to protect illegals last night  just to be clear  american troops and the children rel…
rt  inglejohn1973    mactxpress talks to local business leaders re  fed regulations   timesrecordnews  chamberwf  c…
are you interested in learning about congress & current legislation  apply to intern in one of my offices 
his retirement after this session of congress is a huge loss for wisconsin and our country  there are few people wh…
the tax cuts and jobs act means    ✅ bigger paychecks ✅ more jobs ✅ fairer taxes
calling in to  570wkbn just after 11 to speak with dan rivers  a lot of issues to discuss 
all my friends know i go by  rep  casa nueva  over the phone  nickname courtesy of  roslehtinen 
the iran protests are directed at the nature — and existence — of the corrupt khamenei regime  this is a noble cau…
rt  _mealsonwheels  thank you  reptomreed for delivering meals to seniors like charlie  one of the 216 000  new york seniors who relies on…
rt  foxnews    repmccaul on migrants taking advantage of asylum status   they know that and they exploit that  and that s why they re there…
my first read of the day   congress is aiming toward another omnibus spending disaster  here s how to prevent that …
the filibuster in the u s  senate must go  the house passed appropriations bills last year to fund the government …
inefficient environmental review processes are depriving our communities from their much need infrastructure projects 
rt  mariodb  2018 tax day is the last time you ll file your taxes through an archaic system  the tax cutsand jobs act simplified our tax code…
since becoming chair  it has been my goal to ensure that this bill reflects the needs of our defense and intelligen…
icymi  i recently sat down with  ericshawntv on  foxnews to discuss north korea s pledge to suspend missile and nuc…
happy birthday to an inspiring leader  the 16th president of the united states  and a person who called indiana his…
rt  psudc  thanks  repcharliedent for kicking off congressional briefing on how pa universities are helping combat the opioid crisis   penn…
rt  repkenbuck  we re holding an important  housejudiciary subcommittee hearing today on heroin trafficking and the way sanctuary city poli…
please join me in remembering those who lost their lives on september 11  2001  we must never forget 
yesterday  i was thrilled to visit the 5th & 6th graders from sherwood heights elementary in auburn for…
here s a behind the scenes photo from today s live town hall  do you know what you have to do when the tripod break…
the debate on reviving congressional funding directives  aka earmarks  began in rules committee this morning   
today  along with five of my colleagues  i sent a letter to secretary mnuchin requesting that cfius review the pote…
barbara bush lived out every day as a devoted wife  mother  and public servant 
last night  repterrisewell  d-al    repguthrie  r-ky    repscottpeters peters  d-ca  and i introduced a bill to add…
rt  medinagazette  gibbs touts trump tax reform plan in roundtable discussion
last night i voted to keep the government open and provide long term funding for children s healthcare  let s put p…
  potus is making more progress with north korea than we saw during the entire obama administration  if the regime…
what the american people should know is that our republican majority has done its job with almost no support from o…
congrats to  ischs_miami for making the  usnewseducation best high school rankings  3 in florida is impressive  i…
great to be in jackson today for another coffee hour to discuss important issues like growing a healthy economy  co…
rt  gopleader  cutting wasteful spending should not be a partisan exercise  it s time to give the bloated federal budget a much-needed spri…
i am sad to learn about the passing of louise slaughter  louise worked tirelessly to help improve the lives of thos…
great news for small community banks and credit unions  my bipartisan bill  h r  4607  will decrease regulatory pap…
kicking off 6 weeks of session with a hasc meeting on the budget  we need to supportourtroops and restore military readiness 
as a result of assessed damage from severe weather last month throughout 22 counties  kentucky s congressional dele…
we had a great time visiting with students and faculty at jinks middle school yesterday  we were able to donate boo…
big news  the veterans transplant coverage act just passed the house - unanimously  this is a huge win for our nati…
tax reform is already delivering wins  ➔unemployment  17-year low ➔wage growth is up ➔business optimism  all-time…
the u s  house has acted appropriately and passed bipartisan legislation this evening to keep government open  keep…
rt  housejudiciary  at 20 weeks  babies can hear music  respond to human voices  and feel pain  today  the house is voting to protect the…
local & state tax deductions are vital for blue collar americans  i can t vote for any bill that doesn t fully preserve them 
rt  repsinema   congressmandan speaking now on our work to prevent veteran suicide  stop suicide suicide prevention month watch 
rt  speakerryan  this critical funding bill fulfills our pledge to rebuild the nation s military  it also addresses many of our national pr…
today  we honor the millions of lives lost in the holocaust and renew our vow to never forget and never allow these…
i joined fox business yesterday afternoon to sound the alarm & urge fiscal responsibility  america cannot continue…
i am pleased that the bipartisan  bicameral budget agreement will repeal the deeply flawed ipab once and for all  t…
about to join  foxnews   anhqdc to talk immigration - tune in now
scenes from this morning s full committee markup  infrastructure
i was on  foxnews last night sharing my thoughts on the gun control debate with  kilmeade 
rt  tcpalmhasert  brightline trains subject of congressional hearing brian mast requested via  tcpalm
rt  nwsbirmingham  windy with rain  heavy at times  today and tonight  breezy with the highest chance of rain northwest on tuesday 
i met with representatives from the new york vfw to discuss veterans  priorities  among the things we discussed wer…
on  wgclradio  i highlighted what i m fighting for on behalf of hoosiers  listen in →
rt  whitehouse   and now  because of our tax cuts  you can keep more of your hard-earned money    america was built by men and women like y…
the committee stands in recess and will reconvene at the end of this vote series
thank you to everyone who joined us for last week s jobs fair  it is great to see so many businesses thriving and e…
wonderful commemoration at first baptist church in bay shore for nypd det  tommy merriweather who died 5 years ago…
during national police week  hundreds of names are added to the national law enforcement officers memorial in dc -…
day 9 for 31 reasons4 tax reform→ a flatter  simpler code will allow all americans to keep more of their hard-earned…
join me on  foxbusiness with  teamcavuto at 1 25 to talk about the funding bill and what it means for  ga09  
today the house passed h res  835 by unanimous consent  along with my colleagues  repsires   repmccaul  and…
today s the last day to submit your artwork for this year s congressional art competition  i know how much talent th…
the u s  center for safesport is an outstanding organization that helps prevent child abuse within the governing bo…
today  the senate will overcome the democrat obstruction to confirm pompeo as secretary of state   maga 
today-11am markup  hr1670 & hearing  improving customer service for the copyright community
as hurricane matthew approaches georgia & the east coast  please remember to make an emergency plan  stay safe  geo…
the central valley is home to our nation s hardest workers and most innovative minds  proud to team up with mec aer…
our prayers are with the victims  families  first responders  and medical personnel involved in senseless shooting in parkland  florida 
under our bill  residents in counties with 2 or fewer provider options will receive an exemption from the individual mandate penalty  2/3 
meeting with case western  cwru nurse anesthetist students yesterday 
we are live for an interactive event that will last until 5 30 pm  call in by dialing 877-299-5762 or stream live a…
it was great running into the  amcbengalbelles this morning at the  kbtxnews studio  wishing them luck on their spr…
 to say there isn t a move growing to repeal the second amendment is naive at best  and now one of louisiana s top…
this april for  ncbeermonth let s celebrate w n c s delicious beers and the many ways craft breweries create jobs &…
rt  harvard  on the anniversary of the boston tea party  see how documents from 1767 discovered at  harvardlibrary foreshadowed the america…
last night  the senate took a positive step toward addressing dodd-frank s regulatory overreaches by passing its ow…
recently intro d c a a reform act includes provision from my hush fund elimination bill holding members personally ac…
stay updated w/ how tax reform works by texting  tax reform  to 50589  also  check out this website to read more abo…
small businesses are the backbone of our economy – creating nearly 63 percent of the new jobs in the private sector…
i support school choice because every child in  tn06  deserves access to an effective  motivating & challenging educ…
thank you for coming by today  it was wonderful to meet with you 
i m proud this bill will not only provide vital enhancements to u s  aviation system  but also critical and needed…
rt  virginiafoxx  this small business week  i m excited to visit with  nc05  job creators  the tax cutsand jobs act paved way to lower tax rate…
i used other transportation and was not on the train  praying for the passengers of the truck that were involved an…
rt  covnews    congressmanhice says politics doomed a bill that would have helped patients with terminal illness
the committee stands in recess and will reconvene at the conclusion of the 6 30 pm house floor vote series  which w…
as the first ever u s  medalist in the men s singles luge  chris  mazdzer made the north country proud at the winte…
it was a pleasure meeting tanea parmenter  the auditing and training specialist for the idaho state police  we had…
    we have eliminated more regulations in our first year than any administration in history   --&gt  one of the top r…
tune in online to watch  transport hearing on water infrastructure  a critical component to our nation s transporta…
dr  anthony fauci  director of  niaidnews  just gave helpful information about this year s flu on  foxnews  after y…
just read the intelligence committee memo  the public has a right to know the information regarding the fbi and the…
rt  repbeatty  breaking   repannwagner and my bill to provide justice for victims of human trafficking is now law  get more info 
today  we ve had the chance to remember the many individuals who have so deeply impacted this nation during their t…
another busy week ahead in the house  take a look at what we will be voting on here 
learn about what stock buybacks really mean for you  the economy  and your retirement fund ⬇️
what we ve run up against time and time again is letting the senate or letting the democrats hold key things hostag…
rt  hopeseck  hasc chairman mac thornberry  mactxpress wants you to know he s not scared of a little snow 
rt  foxnews    darrellissa   this is making my state less safe  and shame on my governor  shame on my attorney general    shame on  erichol…
rt  keithrothfus  heading into the  financialcmte hearing where  federalreserve chairman powell will testify  we are working hard to ensure…
any deal struck on immigration by  realdonaldtrump and congressional leaders must prioritize the interests of strug…
rt  housevetaffairs  read  drphilroe s statement following the committee s passage of the va air act 
breaking → farmers in minnesota and across america are in the midst of a suicide crisis  proud to introduce the…
thanks to  cityofdunkirk for hosting our press conference with  hudgov  lynnepattonhud 
breaking  house to vote on the balanced budget amendment mepolitics
praying for our law enforcement today and everybody affected by this tragic attack  thank you to all law enforcemen…
talked with wes moats today at mark moats ford in defiance about tax reform  self-driving cars  and e-commerce  gr…
this am in  hascrepublicans hearing  we explore u s  readiness for conflict in space domain  our warfighting readin…
in the third district  i have offices located in rogers  fort smith  and harrison  but i understand that many cons…
colorado is such a beautiful place to live  i m particularly grateful for the people that make it special  our men…
h r  1726  the borinqueneers gold medal act  was just signed into law
 that is why – while there are justifiable concerns about china s trade practices – we continue to believe that pro…
rt  repmiketurner  i m at  hasc  asking mattis about  deptofdefense budget request  watch live 
excessive regulation kills jobs and threatens business&gt &gt &gt  obama rushes out 11th-hour regulations via  washtimes
read my statement on today s vote for disaster aid  the debt limit  & continuing resolution 
rt  repkinzinger   hr2  is about standing w/ our farmers & ranchers  it protects crop insurance  includes programs to protect trade  & helps…
the house & senate have both passed strong  bipartisan financial reg  relief bills in recent months  now it s time…
god bless america and our allies  all that is necessary for evil to prevail is for the good to do nothing …
rt  chesapeakebay  watch  robwittman discuss the value of the ches bay and the  chesbayprogram  thank you for your…
we proudly salute the selflessness  bravery  and valor of our men and women in uniform  thank you for your service …
via  wsj  a millennial s obamacare lament  folks need patient-centered solutions not anoth…
rt  reptomemmer  now  listen to my colleagues  repgosar  repseanduffy  reperikpaulsen and rep  collin peterson on  knsi →
rt  desjarlaistn04  very helpful   judgetedpoe points out u s  border starts in the middle of the rio grande  we need boats in the water  w…
great to see a few alabamians selected to serve on the national space council s users advisory group  since the ear…

proud to support  repbrianfitz s right to try act which would create an alternative pathway for the terminally ill t…
great to meet w/ carpenters local 243 in champaign  we discussed priorities like davis-bacon  it s important we con…
looking forward to sitting next to my fellow illinois colleague   repschneider  d-il   at tonight s  sotu  address …
rt  steveknight25  it s ndaa markup day   hascrepublicans  hascdemocrats is reviewing final amendments to the  fy19ndaa  before reporting ou…
yesterday i met with  betsydevosed to discuss our priorities for fy19  as a member of  edworkforce  i will continue…
i had the opportunity to participate in a lively discussion at the  renscochamber earlier today  it was great to se…
moreover  the bill recognizes that america s business tax structure is antiquated and harms america s competitiveness 
today  realdonaldtrump fixed decades of broken promises by other presidents w the opening of our embassy in israel …
our new tax code finally provides relief from the spiraling costs of obamacare  giving you more freedom and choice…
glad to meet with realtors in the abilene area to discuss policies that could help grow our economy and enable more…
full faith and credit of the united states should not hang balance every time there s a fiscal debate in washington
📺 watch now   slade_gorton   reagandunn  & i are at the  natresources hearing on my bill mountains to sound greenwa…
rt  housegop  talk about a happy meal… tax cutsand jobs act 
the expo featured a variety of health resources including screenings  diabetes education  low vision resources  pre…
for the second year in a row  i have worked to protect hard-earned taxpayer dollars and reduce waste and abuse  whi…
rt  ilfarmbureau  thanks  rodneydavis for spending the day discussing ag issues while helping plant corn and soybeans in  il13   plant18…
this proposal is a viable solution that helps to start the rebuilding of our military and i am proud opioid funding…
rt  lindsayaellis    judgetedpoe  higher education administrators and advocates talk campus sexual assault and lessons learned from univers…
happy father s day 
 ca08 
sunday on in focus ohio  i ll explain how the s t o pact will keep dangerous drugs out of our communities  preview 
meeting about school safety in bristol this afternoon 
you can watch the joint meeting of congress with the president of the french republic  emmanuelmacron live here 
i just voted to end the schumer shutdown  because the american people expect congress to govern  the house passed i…
productive morning discussing  nafta  in montreal 
rt  natresources  breaking→ the house just passed the resilient federal forests act ✔️reduces wildfire risk ✔️improves forest health ✔️prot…
2 you will have help raising your children and supporting your family 
last week i introduced the federal employee bonus disclosure act which would open the books on performance bonuses…
the recent walkouts are a heartfelt expression of pain  grief & demand for some kind of change  they are influencin…
what an awesome story about austin perine  also known as  presidentperine  who is teaching all of us how to…
very sad to learn of the loss of a  va06  native  brandon brownfield  in the tragic bridge collapse in florida  pray…
great afternoon at  ua_highschool with  repbeatty discussing civility and respect  over 700 students took the pledg…
two years ago today i was the first member of congress to endorse  realdonaldtrump for president of the united stat…
however  if more expansive military action is being considered  i support congress undertaking the constitutional o…
if we re talking  we re not fighting  hear 🎧my full thoughts on the latest with north korea on  tprsource
nj11 students- sign up for my congressional app challenge if you d like to put your coding skills to the test 
starting now  my  financialcmte subcommittee is holding a legislative hearing on regulatory reform bills including my sifi legislation 
  usda sonny perdue approves research on foot & mouth disease  fmd  genetically modified vaccine  excellent move …
thank you for having me  it was wonderful to learn more about the important work happening at roosevelt warm spring…
rt  whitehouse  happy birthday   flotus 
joined  flotus at the white house today for the launch of the be best initiative  i couldn t agree more that in our…
that s why the small business tax cuts from our tax cutsand jobs act were so important  small business confidence is…
this is why i introduced the help students repay act  to help student borrowers pay back their loans  the hsra was…
on drive home to marietta from washington last wk  i stopped at new day recovery in rogers  new day recovery is a s…
rt  houseagnews  fact  under 2018 farm bill no one is kicked off of  snap  due to work requirements  s n a pmatters
louis farrakhan s shameful history of anti-semitic comments has no place in our society  anyone who has ties to him…
rt  speakerryan  today  our prayers—america s prayers—have been answered  welcome back   stevescalise 
rt  uschamber  ways and means committee s  repadriansmith  taxreform doubles the standard deduction  offering relief to folks across the i…
spoke at a sobering ceremony opening the  journeys beyond genocide  exhibit at brookdale college yesterday  honorin…
joining  varneyco shortly on  foxbusiness - tune in 
rt  secretaryacosta  the american workforce showed impressive strength in 2017 with 2 06 million jobs created 
rt  hascrepublicans  chm  mactxpress leads 153 republicans on letter to  potus supporting call to restore america s military - read here  h…
americans are seeing gold in pyeong chang2018 and green in our paychecks as a result of the tax cutsand jobs act  it …
i really enjoyed being able to visit wellsville public schools last friday  everyone was very welcoming despite bei…
rt  scavino45   trump comes through — saves  1 4 billion on new air force one 
just about everyone beat my march madness bracket this year  but nothing beats having the  finalfour…
good news  u s  jobless claims have fallen to their lowest level since 1969 according to  marketwatch
donald trump announces mike pompeo as secretary of state via  breitbartnews
rest in peace  first lady barbara bush  thank you for being an inspiration to so many in maine and across our natio…
enjoyed kicking off the  world_ag_expo in tulare w/ agriculture  secretarysonny  it s important for those in washin…
rt  mikeofcc  pirate radio is not acceptable & not legal no matter where it is located  very troubling that local government would facilit…
rt  gopleader  great to visit  naws_cl last week w/  mactxpress 
let me know if you agree with my bill  no pay raise for congress  national debt is near  20 trillion  congress do…
rt  housegop  a little snow won t stop us  votesonvotes 
good morning   in05   happy to start the day with  girlscoutsin ceo danielle shockey  thank you for helping hoosier…
heartbreaking news out of alabama this morning  please join me in praying for the family of the victim and all thos…
 steverino53  kennedynation neither do they 
from the beginning  iran has not followed the spirit of the so-called  nuclear  deal  they call for the annihilatio…
great meeting kruz & paizlee today  they are fighters  find out how you can join their fight  kruznforakure
rt  rephartzler  this morning it was an honor to hear secretary of  deptofdefense mattis and  thejointstaff chairman general dunford testif…
opportunity zones  can be the difference between an america where too many get left behind  and one where americans…
rt  housecommerce  these brave americans are coming forward to share their stories that the scourge of the opioid crisis has directly had o…
i voted no on the house tax reform proposal because californians deserve to see a tax cut too  i didn t come to was…
it is nice to see a factual article about the work we are doing to ensure health care for children  this issue is…
just finished  powerlunch with  repsarbanes on  cnbc -thanks for inviting me on  look forward to reviewing today s…
truly honored to announce 14 students from  al06  will attend u s  service academies in the fall 
senator  marcorubio and i are asking president donald trump to denounce castro s successor as illegitimate in the a…
rt  speakerryan  ✅ lowest unemployment level since 2000 ✅ jobless claims near a 48-year low ✅ small biz optimism at record highs ✅ business…
rt  militaryofficer  huge thanks to isaac tobis of  davereichert s office for meeting with  militaryofficer and finding out why we need to…
 al06   please stay safe as potentially dangerous weather moves through alabama  stay informed ➡️
rt  housegop   our massive tax cuts provide tremendous relief for the middle class and small business  to lower tax rates for hard-working…
congratulations  usnavy  the first in class aircraft carrier u s s gerald r ford has been commissioned 
today marks the beginning of womens history month as we celebrate and recognize the many accomplishments of women ac…
  lamarsmithtx21 has been an outstanding leader in the house  and will surely be missed by all  wishing you the best in retirement 
thank you to all our local first responders who are assisting hoosiers with flooding across northern indiana  i urg…
during national police week  let s all take the time to thank a police officer for the work they do to keep our comm…
beginning at 9am - the house reconvenes to continue debate on  hr4   the faa reauthorization act of 2018  watch…
i believe in president trump s vision for the  usa  and we are on a path to making america great again  joint session
on floor to mark the 275th birthday of founding father thomas jefferson & all the contributions he made to this great nation
rt  waysandmeansgop  who imposes the highest corporate tax rate in the modern world  this country 🇺🇸  👎 👎 tax reform17
  mrsb1stgraders thanks for your question  ask buddy
if we fix our parks  we will create new jobs  improve crumbling infrastructure  and save america s best idea for ye…
house armed services committee passes national defense authorization act for fiscal year 2018
congrats to  reploudermilk on house passage of the comprehensive regulatory review act  his bill requires financial…
rt  repgoodlatte  i welcome today s announcement by  potus on efforts to lower drug prices and increase innovation  high drug prices are an…
rt  houseforeign  united states stands with people of iran
house ag highlights how work helps lift work-capable  snap  recipients out of poverty  2018 farm bill watch full vide…
 rep  leonard lance  who broke with his party and opposed the republican tax bill  said he plans to introduce legis…
passage of  ndaa  ensures our servicemen & women have the resources they need to defend our nation and improves their readiness 
this week  we honor the men and women who put their lives on the line each day to protect our communities  thank yo…
yesterday  my whistleblower protection bill passed the house  protecting whistleblowers protects national security 
at  housecommerce yesterday  i questioned drug distributor executives about alleged pill dumping and their role in…
israeli medical humanitarian work along syrian border deserves u n  recognition via  suntimes
met today with the espinal family residing in bay shore  came here from el salvador 17 years ago under the temporar…
enjoyed spending time and talking to many passaic county residents at the wanaque town picnic 
here s my statement in support of the conference report to the tax cuts and jobs act that passed the house this aft…
rt  secretaryacosta  looking forward to joining  vp   ltgovtex  petesessions   rephensarling today in dallas to highlight how  potus tax re…
 chadenelsen  mrslindaruiz only fakes claim someone is not a surfer because he disagrees with them politically  r u a fake 
i commend the president for his leadership  as well as our allies in france and the u k   for taking action after s…
rt  westerncaucus  our western power panel was comprised of the aforementioned  tomforese of  corpcommaz  doug little from department of  e…
50 years ago today  america lost a leader  dr  martin luther king jr  left a lasting legacy  and his courage and dr…
it s time to end the rules of gridlock in the senate  nearly every governing body in the us makes decisions by majo…
thank you for the invite 
praying for the  scotus  argument of  nifla  pro-life pregnancy centers being forced to advertise for the abortion i…
as the only member of congress from missouri on the tax writing committee  i m honored to have played a small part…
once again  today is d e a take back day  i want to encourage you to join me in this effort to safely dispose of any un…
this saturday is national prescription drug take back day  a great opportunity to clean out your medicine cabinets…
we cannot allow this terrorist organization to continue to use innocent lives as shields to protect their terrorist plots 
in honor of thomas frank johnson  via  youtube
rt  ktva  inside the gates  arctic care 2018  jber 
 fortmac2 they re not but keep claiming that 
rep  sensenbrenner working hard on prisonreform sentencingreform  fammfoundation  michellealexander
rt  repdavidyoung  the house passed my bill  the justice for victims of irs scams and identity theft act of 2018  on wednesday  we need to…
600  maine jobs in oxford county  great listening to the hardworking mainers at the rumford mill today & touring th…
today  housegop introduced our taxreform plan because we need a tax code that works for the 21st century 
received important updates this morning as part of down syndrome awareness month 
discussing school safety issues with chesapeake high school principal chris smith and superintendent jerry mcconnel…
today marks the 22nd anniversary of the oklahoma city bombing  pause to remember the 168 we lost  and pray for thei…
this week  the house will take up  hr4   the faa reauthorization act of 2018 – a bill that puts american jobs  ameri…
cox enterprises announces bonuses up to  2000 because of the tax cutsand jobs act
it was a pleasure to chat over coffee today with local residents at  impressedcoffee company in vincennes  indiana …
🎉new year  new tax code → simplifying and lowering the rates for our local small businesses just makes sense  more…
the senate is voting now on rick perry for secretary of energy 
diplomacy as a means to a peaceful solution to the north korean nuclear crisis is welcomed and should be supported …
cyber diplomacy act is an important step forward for u s  cyber policy  look forward to making more progress on cy…
rt  foxnews    potus on  foxandfriends   happy birthday to melania  
looking forward to the trump administration s leadership on an infrastructure package that addresses priorities fo…
it s truly amazing to see how the tax cuts and jobs act is having such a positive impact on people and businesses acro…
thank you to saranac lake for hosting a well-deserved welcome home for our  ny21  olympians 
heartbeat protection act is signed into law by governor kim reynolds  the most protective antiabortionist law in th…
the opioidcrisis is an issue that hits every part of the country  in 2016 alone  1 371 missourians died of an opio…
rest in peace  billy graham  thank you for a life that truly was an example to us all of how to walk in christ s lo…
great video from my good friend & colleague  repseanduffy highlighting the truth about our tax reform plan  watch--…
i will be on  markdavis  660ksky to discuss the importance of border security and my august town hall schedule at 8 am ct  tx06
i am committed to supporting the right policies that encourage rural broadband investments  and i commend…
rt  unitedwaymiami    repcurbelo  housefloor thank you for supporting  vita   making the program permanent and shoring up investments to  30…
great to visit with employees at sunbelt forest products today after a tour of their facility in athens 
congratulations to 2018 congressional art competition third place winner  haylee vice of  fallscityps  her painting…
rt  reparrington  this is our new american moment  there has never been a better time to start living the american dream 
enjoyed iowa future farmers of america black ties and blue jackets gala with  iowaffa state secretary peyton schmit…
number of days since the house of representatives sent the senate all twelve appropriations bills funding the gover…
speaking  concernedvets forum today  what should modern american foreign policy look like   livestream 9-10 30am pt
i recently heard from a family owned agriculture business near belen about how the tax cutsand jobs act is helping th…
excited to collaborate with a nebraska company developing innovative technology that tracks pharmaceuticals through…
just passed  my bill  the s e n s e act  will continue the cleanup of waste coal piles  protecting the environment  sav…
the 2018 farm bill supports and encourages a new generation of farmers  including through programs to aid in acquiri…
icymi  the house passed significant legislation for air travel safety and infrastructure  read more in my weekly…
congrats  bayne  go navy
rt  housescience  today at 10 a m  ⤵️
today  5 30pm join me as we honor vietnam vets for their service  i ll also be providing an update on vet issues 
i ve been honored to serve my community in congress  cindy & i have decided that i will not seek re-election  i l…
today marks the 9th anniversary of the flight 3407 crash and we remember the lives that were lost too soon  because…
this week in d c   water agencies from the inland empire and around ca are here attending the  acwawater conference…
artwork submissions for the 2018 congressional art competition must be delivered by monday  april 16 at 5pm  pleas…
rt  vp  like  potus said yesterday  this tax day is the last time americans will fill out that long  complicated  horrible return  next yea…
icymi  sub d c c p examines efforts to combat robocalls &gt &gt 
thank you  uscg cwo sparkman for your service at the manasquan inlet station  it s in good hands w/ new commanding…
rt  houseagnews  the 2018 farm bill increases mandatory funding for the emergency food assistance program from  15m to  60m/year   20m of th…
2 of my bills to fight opioid epidemic advanced this week ➡ s h i e l d sact to close a  deptofdefense prescription repo…
the securing america s future act also helps to secure the future of american agriculture  enjoyed sitting down w/…
tune into  kark4news tomorrow morning at 8 30 am ct to listen to my conversation with bob clausen on issues that af…
must read via  dcexaminer  mduppler  iwf  by instituting stronger work requirements while expanding funds to workfo…
today is a monumental day  the house will be voting on the conference report for the tax cuts and jobs act this aft…
i am very pleased the fisa memo from the house intelligence committee has been released to the public  i read the m…
rt  csf_spaceflight  this afternoon  we were honored to present chairman  lamarsmithtx21 with our inaugural  congressional leadership in co…
i m thankful for a speedy recovery & look forward to returning to work next week 
this commonsense bill will help close the trust gap at the irs by restoring accountability and improving long-term…
rt  thechli  thank you  roslehtinen for you life of public service  how many members of congress can you identify in these photos where man…
 our executive director  lisa wells  made a legislative visit to  repmullin s office in dc  while there  she helped…
rt  cspan  future of gov t printing office   usgpo    houseadmngop  houseadm_dems  – live on c-span3
presenting my bill   hr4771  on the  housefloor -- it supports small business-owners & families who need loans from…
and congress appreciates you standing up for america and our one of our strongest allies  this same body voted to…
great article  i enjoyed chatting with many folks in dallesport during my recent visit & was honored to have played…
georgia  please stay safe in today s winter storm  and stay informed with  georgiaema  via  wsbtv
 housegop has a conservative alternative to the failed policies of this admin  better way
was happy to host students from hamilton hs west for a tour of the us capitol during public schools week  we had a g…
deputy william gentry was killed when responding to an animal abuse call  while investigating the crime  he went to…
🚨live at 10am  shining light on the federal regulatory process  watch⬇️
great to see you all  utpol
paying my respects to  america s pastor  reverend billy graham as he lies in honor in the u s  capitol  reverend g…
my 12 carrier act passed as an amendment to the  ndaa  today  why do  realdonaldtrump and  ausntweets support a 12th…
wishing a blessed holiday to all those beginning to observe the easter triduum today 
great visit with ceo steve rendle and the leadership of  vfcorp today  awesome to hear from them that   the tax cut…
 shanegraber1 that couldn t be further from the truth  tax reform does the following  - nearly doubles the standar…
tax cutsand jobs act is a christmas present for every american family & business  beginning on on january 1  2018  t…
rt  scottwongdc   those are people who supported me  and we re not going to let them down   trump told  robert_aderholt  r-ala  
 cornbuyer08 jeff  yes  i m all in & working this since january  i expect 5-6 days & it s fixed  sk
ben shapiro delivered an in-depth  succinct & memorable message to the conservative opportunity society this mornin…
i remain committed to ensuring our farmer friends in southwest michigan have all of the resources they need to cont…
thanks  rollcall for inviting me to speak on the medicaid panel at the health care decoded event today 
rt  foxnews    repmarkmeadows   enough is enough  let s get the documents… and if this attorney general and deputy attorney general can t d…
what do you think of trump s tariffs on steel and aluminum  share your opinion in this 60 second survey …
rt  butlercountyesc  next week we will recognize butler county seniors for their commitment to the  usairforce   usarmy   usmarines   natio…
kelsey told me what an honor it was to stand by  realdonaldtrump with her daughters at the march for life rally  gre…
this afternoon i met with secretary of education  betsydevosed  we discussed the  usedgov priorities and how they i…
 all education is workforce development  –  virginiafoxx  that s why we need the  prosper  act 
     a woman who fears the lord is to be praised   proverbs 31 30 happy mother s day to the world s best two moms …
rt  lifenewshq  few people would adopt a drug-addicted baby on the spot  but this police officer did  sotu  stateo…
reminder  don t forget to check out our final oversight hearing on  uscbo tomorrow at 10 00 am  watch it live …
so pleased to welcome pres trump to utah  we have created a win-win situation on public lands  protect the beauty…
last night i joined  wnedtv for an event on capitol hill presenting a  pbs documentary  understanding the opioid ep…
rt  cathymcmorris  tune in as  replahood joins  housegop leadership to discuss the tax cutsand jobs act and how it will bring more jobs  fair…
i m happy to work with my colleagues across the aisle  including my good friends  reprichmond  repmarciafudge…
thanks to taxreform  companies across america are already making significant changes to help their employees and g…
make sure you have everything you need when you go to apply for aid
rt  statedept  today   potus trump and  vp pence will visit  statedept to deliver remarks and ceremonially swear in  secpompeo at 11 00 a m…
view from the chair as  housecommerce holds the first congressional oversight hearing with epa administrator pruitt 
easter is a day to celebrate the hope and joy we find in christ  the reality of jesus  death and resurrection means…
with the tax cutsand jobs act signed into law  these families will keep more of their hard-earned paychecks 
one of my favorite annual events in essex county – 26th annual rotary/kiwanis caldwell street fair 
  repmcsally led a great hearing yesterday to examine how the private sector is empowering women g o p working4 women
our hearts are grieved  horrified and angered and by the incomprehensible tragedy in las vegas  praying for everyone impacted 
looking forward to meeting with nebraskans today in beatrice  hope you can stop by and join the discussion  more in…
senator schumer is not interested in governing  only obstructing those who are  we wouldn t need to pass short-term…
 opportunity is coming  and opportunity is coming for every american  
rt  camden_sanford   apmckibben  repwesterman  ehsgocats that s me  
but for those applying for disability benefits  that isn t the case 
rt  mayorcook  in  cityofwestfield we are really good at attracting economic growth but we need stronger partnerships to deliver the workfo…
rt  kellygros_wmbb  congressman neal dunn joins sheriff tommy ford and bcso staff to talk about the opioid crisis and how to solve it   wmb…
congressman griffith s weekly e-newsletter 9 11 17  disaster relief and the debt ceiling
rt  speakerryan  great news→ 90% of wage earners will see an increase in their take-home pay starting next month  h…
referral of comey due to transmitting classified info was justified and this ig action is probably just the beginni…
rt  theswampseries  watch the full first episode of the swamp here ==&gt  are you ready to meet the troublemakers …
america s current taxcode is complicated & broken  rn we have an opportunity to fundamentally reform it for the 21st century
happy mother s day to all the wonderful women who work hard everyday to make life great for their families 
rt  housegop  for the first time since 2000  the unemployment rate has fallen below 4%  our pro-growth policies  like the tax cutsand jobs ac…
rt  raytrappdist8  amazing discussion with  repmarkwalker and  ncatsuaggies students   thanks to our outstanding students for sharing their…
 this april will be the last time you ever file under the old broken system -- and millions of americans will have…
rt  freep  mitten medalists  2018 winter olympians from michigan who won medals
california rim fire timber salvage bill passes house as part of hr 2954  swift action now needed in senate
rt  waysandmeansgop  hearing  tomorrow morning  ways and means members will have a dialogue with  ustraderep lighthizer on how they can wor…
thank you to the students and staff for welcoming me for a tour at the agri-business child development center in ba…
askmorgangriffith
rt  freedomcaucus  83 days and still no senate movement on the house s appropriations bills  sad  yourmovemitch
rt  reinke_farms  thank you  repadriansmith for taking the time to speak to the young farmers conference with  centralvalleyag
message to the free iran grand rally in paris 
i m grateful for the tireless work of our local officials  law enforcement  & health care professionals to combat t…
what i have accumulated here is absolutely shocking upon the realization that mueller s disreputable  twisted hist…
  usreprodney  this bill also makes necessary investments to secure our nation s energy infrastructure against cybe…
from my friend  mickmulvaneyomb   people  quite simply  are better off than they were the day before the 2016 elect…
rt  repmimiwalters  thanks to tax reform  many rate-payers across america are seeing lower utility bills and keeping more of their hard ear…
rt  housescience  breaking  chairman  lamarsmithtx21 & oversight subcmte chairman  repabraham send letter to  fdic requesting information a…
a day which will live infamy is also remembered as a day which embodied the resilience of the american spirit  we h…
yesterday  mac was presented the distinguished public service award for his dedicated service to u s  sailors and m…
good read via  freebeacon  charlesflehman   snap  reform will send four million new people to work  2018 farm bill…
happy to speak with  ngfa today to talk 2018 farm bill  inland waterways infrastructure  and epa regs 
congrats to ryan from ixonia who won the wi state  be the chemist  contest and recently represented wi at the natio…
president trump has made his decision  i agree  we should be working towards a better  long-term deal  one that wil…
this week i honored the memory of sgt  dillon baldridge on the house floor 
rt  usoofnc   it humbles you to hear them say thank you to us   scott lee is an air force veteran committed to giving back by volunteering…
 tvpa  made it clear everyone engaged in trafficking a child is liable  backpage & others like it must be held accou…
chairman  repcharliedent   we have worked to produce a bill that delivers on our promise to provide for the needs o…
the irs exists to serve taxpayers  and they need modern technology and a strong it infrastructure to do that effect…
hr873 helps recognize the sacrifices of our vets who served in the war on terror  proud to co-sponsor and help it pass in the house 
pleased many sw wa priorities were included in the house spending plan like defending commuters from being forced to pay oregon tolls   
i m not the judge  i m not the jury  i ll tell you what else i m not  i m not happy about this 
red tide is a big health and environmental problem on the suncoast  watch the video to see what i m doing about it …
i just voted to lift the ban on crude oil exports because it is good for this country   ca08 
the international community has no reason to question american resolve  we ll hold dangerous regimes accountable 
  hascrepublicans are committed to restoring the military and ending the readiness crisis within the armed services 
i m joining  americanewsroom at 9 20am est/6 20am pst with  sandrasmithfox  tune in to  foxnews to watch 
 to adorn  and preserve it  the picture was made for the apple—not the apple for the picture  
rt  mccsc_edu  thank you  reptrey for highlighting emily brown and lauren buergler from  hhccbloomington for women s history month  we are…
rt  davhq  caregivers are true partners in the healthcare of veterans  it is time to expand this program to all generations of veterans -…
it was great to meet with our friends from the kentucky fire services this morning at the capitol  we are very grat…
happy birthday  speakerryan 
rt  waysandmeansgop  this weekend  a bipartisan group of lawmakers led by chairman  repkevinbrady are in mexico city for the 7th round of n…
i m glad to see the administration is proposing solutions to high drug prices and i look forward to working with my…
happy birthday to my texas colleague and former vice-chancellor of  texastech   reparrington 
the president hit the right issues in his address to congress — jobs & economy  national security  the drug epidemi…
rt  southpolkscene   cityoflakewales is imposing a 7 pm curfew for motorists and pedestrians  take heed   theledger
today i joined  harrisfaulkner on  outnumberedot to discuss the latest on north korea  watch my interview here 
right now   realdonaldtrump gives remarks at the national rifle association leadership forum  watch live 
rt  housecommerce  here s where you can watch this morning s hearing with  facebook ceo mark zuckerberg  💻 website 
communities in wa are still dealing w/ damage from 2014 carlton complex and 2015 okanogan complex wildfires  congr…
proud to co-sign this important letter to help protect american companies/jobs and keep our economy strong  read it…
update  more americans benefiting frm tax cutsand jobs act  - cvspharmacy-higher pay & paid parental leave  -…
congrats to  repcleaver on receiving the harry s  truman good neighbor award today for all of his tireless work and…
i m looking forward to voting for this tax reform which lowers individual tax rates for low- and middle-income amer…
rt  rxsummit    billclinton takes the stage rxsummit
thank you to the heroes who work tirelessly and risk their lives to keep our communities safe  police week
this year marks the start of a new tax code that allows middle-class kentuckians to keep more of their hard-earned…
great to meet with cadets from  afjrotc  unit ca-20068 from apple valley the future is in good hands   ca08 
i was not on the train to west virginia today  my thoughts and prayers are with all those affected by today s accident 
looking forward to tonights  co06  town hall  if you would like to stream it online  you can do so at 6pm mt here …
rt  househomeland  live   reppeteking chairs a hearing on the threat posed by transnational criminal organizations like ms-13  watch 
efforts to deny gun rights to soc  security recipients must stop  i ve called on the president to end this plan 
if you are having issues with the federal government  my caseworkers will be having mobile office hours tomorrow in…
greta jones was a wonderful lady who cared deeply about making louisiana a better place  we will miss her 
we should be cautiously optimistic regarding the developments on the korean peninsula  but it s promising to see pr…
rt  realdonaldtrump  u s embassy jerusalem
released this week  budget committee working paper on  alternative approaches to the federal budget 
rt  texassports  hey  utaustin students   want to be the first to know what we will be giving away at the  texasfootball orange white sprin…
while his leadership will be sorely missed  first and foremost  speakerryan is a family man  we all admire him for…
rt  nfudc   ted matthews might have the toughest job in the state of minnesota  as the lone rural mental health counselor for the entire st…
thank you  salarmyfla 
i visited the high noon club last friday to discuss our nation s most pressing issues  watch here 
as the benefits of the tax cutsand jobs act are already being felt by  co06  residents    
i am about to call in to  wtaw1620 to give a washington update  tune in or listen online
rt  kentuckybev   repguthrie thank you for your tremendous leadership and for taking time to meet with us today  we value your insight  ab…
rt  cherryhealthmi  thank you  repwalberg for meeting with us to learn more about the services we provide   nachc18pi  value c h cs
my daughter  abbyshire11 was accepted to  virginia_tech  way to go  abby   followmetovt
glad we could assist so many veterans and their families at today s veterans resource fair in jackson  thanks to al…
house judiciary hearing will consider the music modernization act this friday  questions about what it does and who …
i was thrilled to give these students a personal tour of the capitol and show them around  we even stopped by the s…
rt  housecommerce  live now  sub oversight hears directly from executives of five drug distributors at the heart of our bipartisan investig…
this year i am going to take you behind the scenes of the national defense authorization act  ndaa  process – from…
just passed  proud to work w/  chelliepingree to get our acadia nat  park bill through the house today  this bill w…
rt  reprichhudson  grabbing a quick  and delicious  bite to eat at fuller s bbq in between today s  housevetaffairs field hearing and visit…
rt  wzzm13  justin amash responds to sessions  marijuana enforcement
i am deeply saddened by the news of another mass shooting in sutherland springs texas  it is time to end these senseless terrorist acts 
the house just passed multiple bills to ensure that our men and women who have served our country receive the treat…
let us not mince words  we must condemn the violence  hate  racism  and bigotry shown by these neo-nazi and white supremacy groups 
rt  aiaahuntsville  enjoyed kicking off our aiaacvd visits with  repmobrooks and staff this morning  we appreciate his constant support fo…
i ll be on  foxnews in just a couple minutes talking mattis and the va mtpol
my statement on the current congressional tax reform efforts 
rt  repmiketurner  today  hascrepublicans &  hascdemocrats will mark up  fy19ndaa  to fund our military  you can watch live starting at 10am…
visited employees at  cvspharmacy on green st in champaign today to see firsthand the impact taxreform is having o…
in my district  more than 80% of filers use standard deduction  the tax cut and jobs act will nearly double it  wh…
the barbarism from the assad regime will not be tolerated  america and its allies are together to deliver the conse…
enjoyed talking to some great people at the south carolina arms collectors association s gun & knife show today in…
rt  gopleader  friendship for israel is not a partisan matter  it s a national commitment  🇺🇸🇮🇱
happy to nominate such an outstanding young citizen  stay in touch  i ll be praying for you as you continue on this…
this morning   transport is holding a markup on the disaster recovery reform act  legislation that reforms federal…
rt  nbcolympics  for the first time in 20 years   teamusa  usahockey s women hear their national anthem played with gold around their necks…
there is potential for a coastal storm  causing significant flooding to the mid atlantic states  this thursday thro…
congrats to  upikebears on the ky  college of optometry s new health professions education building 
everyday  moms do the small things and the big things that form the backbone of our families and our communities  i…
thanks to all who came out to neighborhood office hours today  i ll be hosting two more tomorrow in north charlesto…
rt  freedomworks    reptedbudd is right  we have got to stop the gateway giveaway we are supposed to have a ban on earmarks  keep earmark ba…
signed into law  new sanctions on russia  iran and north korea  sayfie
it was great to meet with some of the passionate pro-life wisconsinites who made the trip to d c  to participate in…
it is my hope that with the strong leadership of this administration we can continue positive conversations with no…
rt  housecommerce  under our plan  patients living with pre-existing conditions are protected  period 
honored to be a  heartbeat bill hero    hr490  is a common sense  pro life bill that i m proud to cosponsor 
good  high paying jobs are important to individuals and families across the country and critical to our overall eco…
rt  repkinzinger  did you know  google processes over 3 5 billion searches every day  as national drug take back day approaches  i encourage…
the veterans  affairs committee just passed the va mission act  blue water navy vietnam veterans act and 14 other b…
rt  reparrington  i m proud to be from a state that leads the country in energy production and grateful for the opportunity to have been in…
 scottelliotg i d have to point you to the  tax rate structure for small business  section on page 7 of our framewo…
wishing you and your loved ones a very merry christmas and happy holidays 
joining the  1310knox show soon  tune in here 
congressman griffith took questions from sixth- and seventh-grade students at roanoke catholic middle school who we…
great event earlier today at the beaufort arnsenal to celebrate the one year anniversary of the creation of reconst…
 usdot has awarded a  9 million tiger program grant for the gateway express project in modesto  which will improve…

the punishing complexity of today s broken tax code makes it harder for people to save hard-earned    
for hs students interested in a nomination to a service academy  deadline is october 31  if you need any help  give us a ring 817-543-1000 
such an honor to speak to over 100 pastors from 25 states at the wall builders pastors briefing today at the lib of c…
good luck to  eliotpedrosa  nominee for alternate executive director of  the_idb  on his hearing before the senate…
happy birthday booker t washington  born in franklin county  otd  in 1856  he would become one of the most prominent…
 steelerscrazy  ryanjensen2018 you re right  it was a typo  fixing and reposting 
tune in  i m about to join  americanewsroom to discuss the latest with north korea and iran 
rt  usmc  for 242 years  the heart of a marine remains the same 
all americans deserve the opportunity to succeed  the  pursuit of happiness  is a road we must open to every member…
i support the sanctions placed on russian individuals and entities who interfered in the 2016 election and sowed di…
thrilled to join w/  commfirstfund   royalsquareyork &  cityofyorkpa to announce a new redevelopment project on eas…
great speech by mark murray  vice chairman of  meijer  to kick off today s youth leadership summit for…
rt  speakerryan  in total  we lost 80 lives due to training accidents in 2017—nearly 4 times as many killed in combat  these deaths may hav…
met with biopharmaceutical enterprise about finding new treatments while ensuring patients can access these medicin…
tax reform works  small business is thriving thanks to the tax cutsand jobs act 
dodd frank has hurt small businesses and entrepreneurs  the c h o i c e act provides much-needed relief  learn more …
today is small biz sat  small businesses are the backbone of america s economy  jshopsmall and support small busine…
rt  tcs_na    reploudermilk encourages  gms_wildcats students to be persistent and never fear failure in their pursuit of innovation go i t…
great to be at the red cross fire safety kick off event today in kalamazoo   mi06 
chairman walker  the gop need to remember to keep our promises to voters  unless congress passes a real solution th…
rt  kmbc  yoder working to get azubuike s mother to final four
rt  deptofdefense  on p o w m i a recognition day we remember to stand behind those who serve and those who never returned 
cheering for my alma mater today  let s go  nmstatefootball aggies 
as we prepare to celebrate veterans day  i m highlighting  oh2  veterans throughout the week →…
another company announced today that they are moving manufacturing back to the u s  and giving bonuses due to the p…
  conawaytx11 and house ag have paved the groundwork for a strong 2018 farm bill that benefits all americans  it is…
rt  tchabitat  thank you congressman erik paulsen  reperikpaulsen for meeting with habitat for humanity affiliates from minnesota today  an…
rt  ssnalerts    repbrianmast wants members of congress to have offices in va facilities  s s nalerts sayfie fla pol
grateful for their service and for their time today  🇺🇸 thank you to the vfw for all the ways you have served and c…
unemployment has fallen to a 45 year low as america s economic recovery continues  jobs economy
i was proud to cast my vote today for historic tax reform that provides a simpler and fairer system as well as real…
our town hall meeting schedule has been updated  you can find an upcoming meeting in your area here   wi05 
😎🌤️🌤️
without active resistance  the normal course of things is for liberty and personal freedom to yield to the so-calle…
rt  hascrepublicans  we are back - watch live here   fy18ndaa 
did you know that the first  24 000 a family makes under the tax cuts and jobs act will be entirely tax free  learn mo…
what do you hope to hear from the president in ohio today as he talks infrastructure 
tune in  i ll be joining  foxbusiness  teamcavuto with  connellmcshane to discuss immigration and bordersecurity…
update on lilacfire  gov brown requested major disaster declaration  i m calling on president trump to approve  a…
over 20 million people are held in modern day slavery  this week  my colleagues and i will take further steps to…
 brookelongsdsmt  sdsmt  jimrankinsdsmt  sdsmt_provost  sdsmt_gradedu  sjb_studyhabits  evalseth88  schmidderic tha…
enjoyed touring  energy sites last week  including salt waste processing facility in aiken  sc as part of my work o…
rt  gopoversight  live  10am the subcommittee on national security  chaired by  repdesantis  looks at opportunities and challenges in movin…
rt  usip  right now  hacking financial systems is high-reward  low-risk for the criminals who do it  says  repstevepearce  bipartisan u s i p…
in case you missed it  more on that  ridiculous situation  with the spending bill last week and my reaction to the…
we all play a role in preventing suicide  sept  is suicide prevention & awareness month  suicide prevention
i applaud the vote by the house intelligence committee tonight to release the fisa memo to the american people  release the memo
as a result of the new taxreform law  mec aerial work platforms  a local fresno county business  was able to give…
rt  foxnewspolitics  gop house passes school gun violence bill  one month after florida school shooting -
question 1  did comey and his fbi improperly coordinate with former attorney general loretta lynch and the departme…
and with tax reform  it s about to get better 
rt  pastorofhbc  thankful for the wonderful meeting today with  repchuck very gracious man who is for conservative values and religious lib…
i was just on with  hoppykercheval to talk about congress  efforts to combat the opioid epidemic  click the link to…
if you or a veteran you know is in crisis contact the veteran crisis line 1-800-273-8255 & press 1 or visit…
don t forget  congressional art competition submissions are due april 30  learn more here 
rt  housecommerce  live now  sub environment convenes hearing titled  high octane fuels and high efficiency vehicles  challenges and opport…
thank you to the 600  students  parents  & teachers who attended the awards ceremony last night for the…
april 12th marks our remembrance of the six million innocent lives lost during the holocaust  it is important to n…
good read   wsjopinion makes the case that the best way to keep the economy growing is through welfare reforms to i…
  robert_aderholt  this bull provides over  3b for rural development programs as well as  37 8b in loans for rural…
great meeting this afternoon with  cityofurbandale   dmdc2018   ia03 
rt  repmcsally  thanks to her nerves of steel  tammie jo shults safely landed the  southwestair boeing 737 full of passengers yesterday aft…
last week i spoke with larry king about the pentagon s mission in niger 
we support our military whole-heartedly   ndaa  became law earlier this afternoon  and i could not be happier to sta…
tomorrow  free college-prep workshop for parents of high-schoolers via  telostutoring  more information here &gt &gt 
this summer  house republicans passed responsible funding to fight zika  now we urge senate democrats to stop blocking it 
starting soon  the committee s third oversight hearing with  uscbo  tune in live here →
great to be with walt lindala this morning 
glad to see  epa s new guidelines for the care of the illinois river watershed   ok  has worked w/  cherokeenation &…
today we remember the life and legacy of civil rights hero  dr  martin luther king  jr  m l k day
it was great talking with you   lidia_sanduleac and  vasilmir about what the  flexprogram meant to you and your tim…
rt  ntcic  ntcic kicked off march celebrating the historictaxcredit in multiple ways  more at --  repmckinley  re…
yesterday  the house voted to pass a bill sponsored by  repblainepress that addresses the burden that unnecessary o…
rt  chukarcherries  we had a great time showing  repnewhouse our factory and treating him to some samples today  thank you so much for stop…
hoosiers in dc → members of the indiana drug enforcement association    indstatepolice stopped by my office today t…
today  i  along with a  repadamsmith & senators  bobcorker  &  chriscoons  introduced the b u i l d act  this bipartisa…
north houston police memorial ceremony  join us this morning as we honor our 2017 fallen texas police officers and…
rt  replahood  today is tax day  which means the last day of our old  broken tax code  thanks to tax reform  our new code nearly doubles th…
rt  housegop    senschumer  are you willing to shut the government down  strip health care from 9 million children  and turn your back on t…
lots of change in the utah legislature  i ve enjoyed working with both  utahsenate president  waynenieder and…
rt  houseagnews  net farm income has fallen 52% since 2013  one of the steepest declines since the great depression  the 2018 farm bill stre…
rt  repdianeblack  icymi  107 of my colleagues joined my letter to  speakerryan   gopleader &  stevescalise urging them to do everything in…
rt  houseagnews  there are currently 6 1 million open jobs in the u s  it s time to help our neighbors in need get the training they need t…
rep  griffith applauds passage of the separation of powers restoration act -  sopra  constitution
as prepared for delivery  chairman  rep_stevewomack s opening remarks at this morning s hearing with  uscbo ↓
rt  repschrader  this week is national park week & as oregonians we love our national parks  the problem is  we love them too much & the bac…
 congress must take control of federal dam policy   via the  ubnews save our dams  wa04 
now  watch our fourth oversight hearing with  uscbo live --&gt 
rt  unkearney  thanks to  repadriansmith for taking the time to drop by campus this morning to see all of the great things happening at  un… 
 we pray for your guidance upon our president  his cabinet  and each and every person within our government   - min…
this week is national police week -- the bravery and courage shown by our police officers shall never go unnoticed …
today president trump announced his plan to lower prescription drug prices  i m looking forward to working alongsid…
washington s special interest groups and debt junkies won a huge victory with passage of the most financially irres…
pleased to see the national security concerns from our letter to secretary mnuchin were…
a daca amnesty in exchange for a wall and enforcement would be the last deal of a trump administration  unless a se…
rt  housescience  congratulations to  repabraham on chairing his first  housescience oversight subcommittee hearing  watch his first openin…
deadline for art competition extended to wed  april 27th  i encourage all interested students to submit their work 
 senatortomudall  martinheinrich  repbenraylujan  replujangrisham  hectorbalderas we can disagree strongly on issue…
happy easter 
under the tax cuts and jobs act  american families keep more of what they earn and are benefitting from a booming econ…
this morning  i ll deliver the commencement address at my alma mater   lsu  you can live stream the ceremony here —&gt 
rt  speakerryan  my visit to norway with a congressional delegation was a great opportunity to reaffirm the strong partnership between our…
rt  craigcaplan  good day for sledding on capitol hill while congress works inside 
i was proud to author and see passed into law the longest extension of chip in the history of the program  this is…
we must focus on eliminating voting obstacles for our troops fighting overseas 
rt  realdonaldtrump  my prayers and condolences to the families of the victims of the terrible florida shooting  no child  teacher or anyon…
  repjenniffer has been a tireless advocate for the people of puerto rico  we are proud to stand alongside her & al…
last week  in cherokee county  the new sculpture in patriots park was unveiled and they held a celebration of patri…

rt  interior  as vast as it is wild   gatesarcticnps offers endless winter beauty alaska
 thejohnsonpost thank you  you are condescending as always  in the mean time  i will leave this article here to rem…
rt  westerncaucus  the 2018 farm bill is now public  and our members are speaking out about what they like in the text  read statements by…
 blockchain creates an immutable record of transactions  which enables the ecosystem to track the exchange of criti…
rt  secpompeo  headed back to  dprk  at the invitation of the north korean leadership  i look forward to planning a successful summit betwee…
i m chairing a  hasc  tacairland hearing now to discuss  usairforce s budget request  tune in here 
this ---&gt   cnbc   unemployment rate drops to 3 9% in april 
patrolman kevin crossley was tragically killed in a crash last night when another car made a left turn in front of…
we can all recognize that we want crime reduced  wages up and education improved  we can all work together to make this happen 
 as tax cuts create new jobs  let us invest in workforce development and job training  let us open great vocational…
important bills for our  natlparkservice - the national park restoration act bipartisan proposal to direct billion…
rt  reppaulmitchell  this am  i hosted a  gopoversight roundtable discussion w/  statedept   usdol and  dhsgov to examine fraud and misuse…
 tbt  - the last time we overhauled our tax code  1986  was the same year i became a radio station owner in oregon …
always great telling irish jokes at the irish coffee hour in heppner  happy st  patty s day 
rt  thehillevents  closing our headliners is  hurdonthehill addressing college affordability and access the hill latino edu
icymi  i joined  fox5sandiego last night to discuss president trump s tour of the border wall prototypes  watch my…
rt  kevcirilli  notable   repannwagner notes some big tech companies were *against* bipartisan child sex trafficking bill   fosta   crimin…
rt  mariabartiromo  see you bright & early 6-9am et start smart   morningsmaria  foxbusiness  dagenmcdowell  jasoninthehouse  marykissel…
congratulations to local scientist hy tran on being named 2018 asian american engineer of the year  hy is recognize…
americans  who spend  99 billion a year complying w taxes  need a fair and simple tax reform  find out more at
the office is packed this afternoon with constituents coming by to get their inaugural tickets 
rt  realdonaldtrump  the budget agreement today is so important for our great military  it ends the dangerous sequester and gives secretary…
rt  housegop    repbyrne  i supported this landmark taxreform bill because i think our country is better off when the american people have…
the american battlefield protection program has preserved more than 300 000 acres of revolutionary war  war of 1812…
i m extremely thrilled w/ today s passage of this critically important maine jobs bill  the product of months of ha…
congratulations to dr  robert redfield upon his nomination to be director of  cdcgov  i am looking forward to worki…
rural hospitals know best how to care for their patients  not bureaucrats in washington  check out my latest column…
happy texas independence day 
love is in the air… because of taxreform  tax rates for small businesses are the lowest since world war ii  lea…
terrible news of more hurt in austin bombings last night  feds and local authorities are investigating  travis coun…
sub health is now considering the discussion draft  to amend title xix of the social security act to provide for me…
 repgonzalez the violence against women act was a milestone law to help mobilize resources for victims and aid in pre…
chairman  usreprodney  increasing funding for the  deptvetaffairs is directed to critical priorities like improved…
looking forward to the discussion 
rt  wcmumike  checking in with mich  us reps this week  we ll hear from  repdankildee thurs  on morning ed & atc  and  congressmandan on f…
rt  jimbyardjr  looking forward to tonight s town hall meeting with  usrepgarypalmer  join us at 6- clanton city hall 
thank you for meeting with me   kellyfish14  on this important issue 
after 10 years in congress  it s time to  hang  em up   as my old football coach used to say  i will not be running…
wishing  speakerryan a happy birthday 
rt  senalexander  video of my visit to  greatsmokynps with  secretaryzinke on saturday to discuss our bipartisan plan to help pay for the m…
last week   housecommerce launched the  personal stories from the opioid crisis  video series to highlight why we a…
rt  jennybethm  we are thankful to  repralphnorman  his colleagues in  freedomcaucus and the conservative senators like  sentedcruz   randp…
rt  housegop  400  companies expanding employee benefits  4 000 000  americans receiving special bonuses  80 000 000 americans seeing lower…
congratulations to supreme court justice gorsuch 
wow  the talladega college band did a fantastic job in the parade  they made alabama proud 
great tour of  canratmsu with  secretarysonny this morning  lots of fascinating research  now we re heading to cold…
 ldtc16  is starting soon – watch the live webstream here 
the bottom line  there are tried & true methods for making scientific data publicly available w/o revealing any personal information 
the reality is that assad used chemical weapons and the russian & iranian regimes support his genocide in syria …
 it is my pleasure to celebrate alongside the students who ve benefited from these innovative institutions  …
rt  ap  breaking  record exports trim us trade deficit to  49 billion  first drop in seven months 
my statement on the energy eo by  potus  yes2 energy
i m honored to be here at the  whitehouse representing the hard-working people & businesses throughout  nm02  commun…
rt  pennstatefball  moving on up  penn state climbs to the 2⃣ spot in the coaches poll  earning its highest ranking since 1999  we are htt…
i attended  transport hearing with the  usacehq to push the importance of the soo locks to michigan and the nation …
rt  thejusticedept   let me say this loud and clear  as long as i am the attorney general of the united states  the department of justice w…
today  while holding office hours in my evansville office  i met with healthcare leadership council representatives…
  lamarsmithtx21 is a principled leader who i have known & genuinely admired since 1984  grateful to have worked al…
idaho is represented well in pyeong chang with  senatorrisch in attendance for closing ceremonies team u s a idaho…
rt  wsjm  upton seeking mental health funding
at 11 30am w&m human resources subcommittee will host a hearing entitled  hearing on jobs and opportunity  employer…
thank you to everyone who joined us for coffee hour earlier this week in dundee and tecumseh 
rt  loukycourtclerk  our  kaco delegation had good visits today on capitol hill with kentucky congressmen hal rogers & james comer during …
net neutrality rightly understood  congress should set one clear set of rules to protect our privacy and access tha…
i started this morning off at screven county high school where i spoke to an ap government class about my work in c…
district offices in monroe and alexandria are closed today due to inclement weather  satellite office hours in cald…
rt  defendourfuture  today at 2 30 pm est  we will join florida congressman carlos curbelo for a conversation on so fla  sea level rise  bip…
the proof is in the paycheck  and the truth is an average indiana family will see a tax cut between one thousand an…
this community was made possible with the low-income housing tax credit   lihtc 
rt  speakerryan  this bipartisan budget agreement delivers on our commitment to fully fund our national defense—no more short-term ploys an…
members of both parties need to stop treating the funding of the federal government like a political football  ins…
rt  alzcentralohio  thank you  repstevestivers  we had great meeting to discuss the importance of additional  nih funding and healthcare tr…
it is always good to see the positive impacts the tax cutsand jobs act is having in  nc10   especially when businesses…
rt  arkema_inc  thank you  repchriscollins for visiting arkema in geneseo n y to meet with employees and learn about our plant 
rt  robertharding    repjohnkatko delivers food  pledges to oppose cuts to meals on wheels  snap
with senate passage  repbost s legislation to provide veterans a cola increase is headed to  potus  more 
icymi  emergency medical services  ems  are a critical component of the healthcare field  i m cosponsoring a packag…
congratulations and best wishes to these new graduates at the college of eastern idaho🎓 education
chairman  mactxpress on iran announcement 
  nikiinthehouse & i are disappointed  usnavy didn t inform our committee or its staff of the latest physiological…
reforms are necessary if congress wants to modernize the food stamp program  for example  implementing work require…
 mosesthegolden1  losthitchhiker  indivisibleca48 my criteria what i believe best 4 am people based on our constitution &fundamental liberty
i hope everyone has a blessed easter  sandy and i are blessed to be with our children and grandchildren celebrating…
i visited shaver hill maple farm in harpersfield to learn more about their operation and line of products  the farm…
middle class taxpayers need a break → our bill provides it  1182more
great news for evansville and the hoosier state 
rt  stlcountypd  lights on  en route to chief silvernail s final resting place  never forgotten  metrowestfire  backstoppers
it was great to spend some time with president deperro of  stbonaventure yesterday  i look forward to working toget…
excited to announce  secretaryzinke  my former  natresources colleague  will be visiting ak next week…
mr  president  there are ways to care for syrian refugees without bringing them to the   
enjoyed visiting w/ cape chamber  honored to be recognized by  uschamber for my strong record of fighting for…
it s simple  in congress  the american people sent us to washington to do a job  we need to do what we said we were…
rt  duluthtradingco  it s official - the u p  has been crowned the most flannel city in america  read more 
when we got to work on overhauling our tax code  i wanted to make sure it reflected the needs of the modern workfor…
the data is in  most of the benefits of taxreform is being used for investments and growth   among the 130 compani…
rt  dcexaminer  lawmakers warn  iran wants military base in syria near israel
rt  gkcwpkline  ted fabiano meets rep yoder on behalf of kansas teachers and students  nwp gkcwp
yesterday i introduced legislation to increase oversight of the va s health care operations so we can find ways to…
thank you for your service  your sacrifice will never be forgotten 
 zetaheiter not sure what the schedule will permit  my town halls go directly to my constituents phone  & usually have thousands on line
it was a pleasure joining  nemwiuppermiss &  wateralliance yesterday for their great lakes briefing  it s important…
thanks  jonward11 - this was a thoughtful piece 
h r  5333  the over-the-counter monograph safety  innovation  and reform act has passed the full cmte by voice vote
rt  speakerryan  today  the  uscapitol flags are lowered to half-staff in honor of our country s law enforcement who have given their lives…
rt  montanamalt  fantastic  mt united in introduction of alex diekmann peak bill   senatortester  stevedaines  repryanzinke  tpl_org
rt  repbyrne  we are still going strong with our markup of the national defense authorization act   fy19ndaa    this bill is critically impo…
i asked u s  trade representative robert lighthizer what the administration is doing in response to threats of reta…
i m proud to represent tennessee s beautiful  greatsmokynps  join me in me in celebrating these treasured places du…
farmers take their lives at a rate higher than any other occupation  my bill  the stress act  will work to provide…
the day has finally come  the house just passed the tax cuts and jobs act  click here for my full statement →…
video from today s  financialcmte hearing with wells fargo ceo john stumpf regarding the bank s fraudulent practice…
he is risen  wishing you and your family a blessed and happy easter sunday 
rt  cathymcmorris  just like everyone else  people with down syndrome have dreams and aspirations  they want to go to college  find a caree…
thanks  cspanwj for having me on 
miss last night s interview about the june 14th shooting on  foxnews  watch it in full here 
was my pleasure  
rt  inskills2c  thanks  repwalorski for talking about opening tanf education & training programs up to more credentialing opportunities tha…
today  i was honored to meet with the consul general of israel to the pacific northwest   shlomikofman  as we celeb…
on this national day of prayer  let us come together in prayer for our loved ones  for guidance  and for the future o…
the center for disease control and prevention has updated their resources for confronting opioids with data & opioi…
rt  dcrews12  vice president  mikepencevp toured tornado ravaged areas of greensboro this morning  he says that he has spoken to  nc_govern…
it was an honor to attend the memorial service for the late reverend billy graham  america s pastor  this morning …
the crime subcommittee will hold an oversight hearing on the federal bureau of prisons next tuesday  april 17th 
folks are going to like tax reform even more when they see their take home pay increase in february  the tax chang…
on floor to congratulate salsa solkolski from warren county on her truly remarkable american story becoming a u s …
rt  foxnews    reppaulmitchell   i think the memo is really disconcerting  that s why i supported releasing it to the american people   htt…
rt  jacob_holzman   i ve toned down my charts because i was getting made fun of by making too many of them  -  repdavid
great primer on the historic tax cuts i worked to pass with  realdonaldtrump  get the full story from  newscenter1…
encouraging interested students to attend service academy info day on sat  apr 22 at  unevadareno  more details 
it s been a pleasure to hear from  grammyadvocacy musicians like justin roberts on the music modernizationact
as we mark world autism awareness day and autism awareness month  join me to light it up blue and discuss the importance…
 ermizmo1 michael  i do understand that time is of the essence and that you have already waited far too long  i wil…
rt  waysandmeansgop  just released  w&m introduces package of bipartisan bills to combat opioid crisis  read more here ➡️
this week  i  along with almost every member of the ohio delegation  sent a letter to secretary mattis in support o…
happy opening day  ⚾️ go tribe rally together
the trail leads to obama  national review traces the evidence against hillary  comey & others to obama 
icymi   u s  rep  michael mccaul hosts multi-agency sex trafficking roundtable at legacy stadium  -  houstonchron
spoke w/  billsheil1 about h-2b visas & the countless biz owners who have come into my office concerned that there…
rt  lenbermanwor  excited to have  reppeteking as our special guest host this morning  join us
luckily for senate democrats  they have a chance ahead of them to rectify their colleagues  mistakes  
i applaud  potus for his decision to put an end to our appeasement of the brutal iranian regime and withdraw from t…
rt  sanantonio_300  now open through may 13th   samaart is hosting  san antonio 1718  art from viceregal mexico   an official tricentennial…
today is national prescription drug take back day  take action against the opioid epidemic by dropping off unused a…
today  we vote to prohibit the transfer of any gitmo detainees 
read my statement on the release of the fisa memo here 
yesterday  i introduced the ski area fee retention act  check out the following article by the  denverpost to learn…
congrats to  fwkomets on advancing to the western conference finals
happening now ➡️  houseagnews mark up of the 2018 farm bill  this bill supports our agricultural producers and inves…
sharing some highlights from my office s hard work on behalf of nevadans in 2017  it s a pleasure to serve the peop…
outstanding members of the new mexico state police are here in washington  d c  to receive the high intensity drug…
congressman griffith s weekly e-newsletter 4 23 18 topic  helping to solve a community crisis
remarkable how the left gets away with actually violent rhetoric  while the right is held to a completely different…
tune in  i ll be on  foxbusiness this morning to discuss the border  trade and budget  📺
 angrynidaho  betteridaho that s not true but keep telling yourself that 
rt  housecommerce    housegop has a better way on healthcare  americans deserve insurance they can use and afford  watch &gt &gt 
talk small yall  the congressional art competition  and more in this week s enewsletter   
rt  foxnews    tgowdysc lays out the four answers he s looking for during fbi director james comey s testimony before the house intelligenc…
on december 7  we commemorate the 76th anniversary of the morning in 1941 when our nation sustained a surprise atta…
rt  presssec  democrats can t shut down the booming trump economy  are they now so desperate they ll shut down the government instead  sch…
i am very excited to see that my longtime friend  ambjohnbolton will be our next national security advisor  he is u…
i spoke with  kocomarkie at  koconews earlier this week  we discussed state and federal issues in the first segment…
tax reform is continuing to work for the american people  unemployment is at a 17-year low  wage growth is up  and…
my office is prepared to help guide folks through each step of the u s  service academy nomination process  & i inv…
chairman  repgoodlatte   i am looking forward to marking up the music copyright package in the  housejudiciary comm…
i m curious how  tulsigabbard thinks peace will be achieved in syria when her tour guide last year is still barrel…
happy 93rd birthday to our 41st president   georgehwbush 
 realdonaldtrump let s pass the tax cuts and jobs act  h r  1  the house will be delivering on our promise this aft…
each and every day  our brave servicemen and women put their lives on the line to defend our nation and our freedom 
jerusalem is the eternal capital of israel and the jewish people  today we celebrate 50 years since its reunifica…
i asked chief actuary stephen goss  if all earning were subject to payroll taxes  would social security be solvent  he said no 
it was an honor and pleasure to meet with you and dustin  god bless  s o hill day
2  as chairman  he had the distinction of helping to move all twelve appropriations bills through the house for the…
es imperativo condenar la violencia contra protestas y periodistas en nicaragua  la censura y la brutalidad debe t…
the violence and hate on display in charlottesville is un-american and has no place in our democracy 
nice to see so many farmers from the fourth district  we had a great discussion about agriculture issues 
rt  yhn    repmobrooks   17 us house colleagues call on ag sessions to end mueller probe on july 5 alpolitics by  jeff_poor
rt  cnbc  breaking  president trump signs gop tax bill into law
i am excited to join  secretaryzinke   senalexander   senangusking  and  repschrader who are proposing a solution t…
deeply saddened by the events unfolding in las vegas  there s no excuse for this tragic loss of life 
thank you to all who turned out for tonight s  ca04  town hall meeting in foresthill  look forward to the next one 
  farenthold  numerous reports documented how convolute the requirements and lengthy application periods for federa…
as  agschneiderman would say  kudos to  the brave women and men who spoke up about the sexual harassment they had e…
i m confident david bernhardt s colorado heritage and values will be an asset for the department 
today the senate confirmed uniontown  pa native dr  mark esper to be secretary of the army  congratulations sir  i…
rt  housegop  today is the 226th anniversary of the bill of rights  each one of these amendments is an important part of the great american…
rt  westerncaucus  great to be joined by  interior  secretaryzinke at today s member meeting  as always  we had a lively discussion on impo…
i had a great district work period in  tx32  meeting with constituents across north texas  read all about it here 
feds reimburse county  towns nearly  1 million for trump protection
forbes called chester county s rebecca lukens  america s first industrial ceo   she ran what we know today as arcel…
it also provides for our veterans by helping to reduce the maintenance backlog at the  deptvetaffairs  repeals part…
starting now   secretaryzinke testifies before the interior subcommittee on the fy19 budget for  interior  tune in …
never forget  never again  holocaust rememberance day
wonderful to see students from  davidsonacademy in washington - our capitol belongs to the american people and it d…
had a hearty breakfast with  mofarmbureau members here at the capitol  great way to start the day 
tax reform ➡️ ap   consumers are also benefiting from higher after-tax income  which grew last month at the fastest…
rt  wjrradio  the frank beckmann show is live from the inn on water street in marine city  franks chatting with congressman paul mitchell h…
majority leader kevin mccarthy spoke to the siouxland chamber today  siouxlanders have had an excellent trip to our…
  suermoore thanks for doing business and being part of the victor valley chamber of commerce   ca08 
judges 11 39b-40 thus it became custom in israel  that the daughters of israel went yearly to commemorate the daugh…
rt  interior  the somber black walls of the vietnam veterans memorial bear the names of 58 318 americans who lost their lives in the confli…
rt  virginiafoxx  since 1999  opioid-related deaths in the us have quadrupled  this saturday  join the nationwide effort to combat this tra…
71 percent of entrepreneurs expect taxreform to save them money 
today we remember and honor the service of all who held our nation s highest office  presidents day2018
making colorado proud 
rt  alziladvocacy  we had a great meeting today   rodneydavis  your unwavering support to  endalz  is truly amazing  from being one of the…
on armed services appreciation day i joined  infoagemuseum in honoring our vets and highlighting camp evan s contr…
the news out of texas today is heartbreaking  to have another place of worship violated by hate is unimaginable 
ban horse slaughter  congress needs to pass the safe act -- the bill i introduced that will stop this barbaric pr…
rt  jennifershutt    congculberson discusses  nasa s fiscal 2019 budget request  including what he thinks about its plan to transfer the is…
the house has done a lot of good work  time for the senate to end the filibuster rule and the tyranny of the minori…
just like fidel castro named osvaldo dorticós as  president  until 1976  raul castro has now named miguel diaz cane…
house passes landmark bill 2 accelerate approval process & incentivize development of lifesaving treatments for pat…
rt  nlintheusa  us congressmen visited the peace palace this morning  as the development of int law is enshrined in the dutch constitution …
voted this week to ensure that someone w/ an outstanding arrest warrant for a felony or parole violation can t receive ssi payments c u f f act
  barackobama was right when he said government regulations are making it harder to protect endangered species  tha…
rt  theerichogue  great morning at the ribbon cutting for the new facility of  agfoodpantry near  wylietexas  a wonderful group of amazing…
don t miss  federalreserve chairman jerome powell testify on the state of the american economy in  financialcmte  t…
 criswellangela lol  everyone who has tried to refute his rigorous methodology has been refuted  it s all here 
i ve received many calls from nebraskans asking congress to release the fisa memo  i reviewed the memo on friday af…
rt  aldotcom  good news  ratepayers  ⚡️ alabamapower customers will see a reduction in their bills because of the federal tax cut  here s h…
thank you to the city of twentynine palms  the city of banning & the san gorgonio pass regional water alliance for their support of cmorca 
 costareports spoken like a true prosecutor 
and a big thank you to  davidwhisenant for your efforts and great work to shed light on the opioid crisis in our co…
rt  nwsneworleans  this guide from  readygov will help you put together your disaster supply kit  hurricane prep lawx mswx m s prepares h…
the r e v i e wact ensures high-impact regulations will not unnecessarily burden hardworking…
it was great speaking with young leaders in agriculture to update them on this year s farm bill reauthorization …
praying for the families of the four marines who lost their lives yesterday 
amazing what happens when government gets out of the way and allows innovation to flourish  under republican leader…
the stafford family from tallahassee made the trip up to dc to see all of the christmas decorations  it was great h…
as  jim_jordan and i have said for 7 months  it is time for a second special counsel to investigate the deeply trou…
rt  senjohnmccain  white supremacists aren t patriots  they re traitors- americans must unite against hatred & bigotry charlottesville htt…
happy thanksgiving  enjoy this day with family and friends  we have much to be thankful for   ca08 
rt  housegop  the tax cutsand jobs act is making a real and lasting impact  ✔ americans are seeing bigger paychecks  ✔ families will benefit…
wondering how the gop tax plan compares with current law  here s a breakdown you might find useful - from the…
rt this must watch 1-min video exposing the extreme dangers of planned parenthood  why are we paying for this defund p p
i hope all of g a10 s jewish residents had a blessed and holy passover yesterday  chag sameach 
all of the signs were there that cruz shouldn t have had access to any firearm at all  the threats & indicators wer…
in case you missed it  i joined the wade wilkes show yesterday to discuss my vote on the omnibus  listen below ↓
rt  conginst  icymi  joint select committee on budget and appropriations process reform to hold first public hearing tomorrow  april 17  at…
great tour of  trcpg yesterday  they re doing some groundbreaking work on vehicle testing  the largest facility of…
happy 160th birthday to iowa state university  cyclone president wendy wintersteen is a terrific choice by regents…
rt  caltech  we are thrilled to have been part of the inaugural planetary science caucus event at  librarycongress yesterday  thanks to  re…
reporting by the gao showed that women veterans face greater challenges in gaining access to care at the va  i cosp…
it s been a great 1st week of august district work month  thanks inca rsvp senior corps & ardmore young professiona…
thanks again to senator  johnboozman for joining us on the talk small yall small business tour last week  there was…
rt  foxnews    repmarkmeadows   no one ever gets fired from the  fbi and doj without there being real credible evidence  so the suggestion…
yesterday  i had the opportunity to share with  wlos_13 how honored i was to have served as reverend graham s congr…
i m very pleased to see the u s  embassy in jerusalem is finally becoming a reality  this is a historic day for the…
 petesessions welcomes  financialcmte chairman  rephensarling to testify on the micro offering safe harbor act 
on this solemn holocaust remembrance day  we remember the systematic genocide of over 6 million jewish people  neve…
today i introduced the u s a act with  hurdonthehill and  reppeteaguilar a bipartisan bill to provide a permanent leg…
 full-time employees will be issued a one-time  1 200 bonus  part-time employees will be issued a  500 bonus  this…
enjoyed meeting with members of the  albroadcasters today during their annual trip to washington  and i appreciate…
rt  hurdonthehill  what s hurd on the hill about artificialintelligence  the results are in 📽️ tune in this wednesday at 1pm ct to get t…
rt  marshablackburn  on the way to air force one  where we will travel w/  realdonaldtrump to tn & listen to him speak at the  farmbureau c…
rt  lcaships  year-to-date 2017 u s -flag cargoes total 60 5 million tons  up 2 7% over 2016  long-term  iron ore is up 6% year-to-date htt…
rt  waysandmeansgop   1 182 → that s how much of a tax cut the typical american household will receive from the tax cuts and jobs act 
as fire season approaches i am working closely with state and fed officials to make sure all resources are in place…
my bill  the sit-rep act  passed favorably out of the veterans affairs economic opportunity subcommittee today  th…
i am deeply thankful for the men and women of our  dallaspolice_ for their bravery and professionalism tonight as t…
the tennessee valley s ability to recruit industry & maintain our great quality of life is partly due to how well o…
joined the  novatechcouncil board this morning with congressman don beyer to discuss the bipartisan work we are doi…
rt  usairforce   usaf  women marching for history one step at a time  womens history month
proud to lead the fight against  brac  in  fy18ndaa  and pleased to see the house reject the amendment to strike the prohibition today 
question 2  why did comey leave out pertinent facts when he briefed then-president-elect trump on the russian dossi…
sub health is now considering the discussion draft  fda misuse/abuse  find all bills from today s opioidcrisis ma…
rt  rocketcontest  fly alabama fly   tarc2018   robert_aderholt
rt  ktvz  rep  greg walden expands investigation of alleged prescription pill dumping in west virginia by major drug company
yesterday i discussed the fisa memo with  liz_wheeler on  oann  watch here 
it is about time we clean up how we pay for music  and change the responsibilities on these delivery systems  a big…
students are starting to check in   sls2018 
5  not only will taxreform protect american workers and stop jobs from moving overseas – it will help reestablish…
enjoyed visiting with folks at  oceaneering space systems yesterday  it s exciting to see how the record-level fund…
rt  kzoo_gazette  see cost changes for obamacare plans in your michigan county
 it is nice to have some money left over after paying bills   james from kelso told me in a recent email  i ve been…
rt if you think american s spend too much money filling out their taxes  check out the house gop plan --&gt …
rt  amhistorymuseum  after arriving  smithsonian  the star-spangled banner has only left the mall once  flag day htt…
great news coming out of north korea this morning  secretary of state mike pompeo will be bringing home the three a…
welcome home mr  secretary  former secretary of homeland security and governor of pennsylvania tom ridge has return…
this tax day is the last time you ll have to use the outdated tax code  the tax cutsand jobs act is game-changer for…
honored to be at today s deployment ceremony in punxsutawney for the 665 eud army reserve  thank you for your service
from dust we have come and to dust we will return  we have the privilege of deciding how to live in between  i wish…
rt  tom4tnc  thank you for your leadership and support for the great lakes
this is incredible news  welcome home tony kim  kim hak-song  and kim dong-chul 
proud to announce drug free stark county community coalition receiving  125k grant to combat youth druge use 
  alexkearns1 thanks for your question  ask buddy
rt  greghilburn1    repabraham says budget bill saves chip  boosts barksdale  ftpolk  la  delegation was split on budget bill lagov
  beau_steve thanks for your question  check out
i applaud the trump admin  for providing much-needed relief for the u s  softwood lumber industry  read more here 
rt  stevescalise  hard to believe it s been almost a year since the attack on the congressional baseball game practice  as we honor police…
we cannot afford to lose g l r i s help in the fight for clean water  green bay and lake michigan are some of w i08 s…
at 10 am  the subcommittee on oversight and investigations will examine  deptvetaffairs failure to address provider…
this week  the va committee passed a bipartisan bill that  juliabrownley26 and i introduced to reauthorize and stre…
  senrubiopress is with me in  fl26  today to speak with so fla families about how tax reform is helping them keep m…
wonderful visit this morning to hempfield high school  the students had some great questions for me about my work i…
false promises  next year alone  1 4 mil will lose obamacare insurance  time to ditch this broken law & start over…
tomorrow   angelman syndrome foundation will be hosting an event along with  baylortrucking in celebration of the n…
this morning i led a moment of silence during the  miottawa legislative forum to honor my former colleague state se…
further  i applaud president  realdonaldtrump for nominating deputy director gina haspel to take over at the cia as…
when we fix our broken tax code and make it more competitive for north texas companies competing in this global eco…
thank you  vp pence for your strong support for our heroes in blue 
hanukkah sameakh  as tonight begins the festival of lights  my wife marie and i would like to wish everyone celebra…
hey  cantonrepdotcom  ncantonpatch  akronbeacon did you know that green high school student sydney greven won the c…
rt  taylorpopielarz  my  abc57news story today   repwalorski invited a representative from smoker craft  inc  in new paris to testify befo…
  usrepgarypalmer  many of us have seen firsthand the consequences of excessive federal regulation  by way of lost…
good info here from  speakerryan on why we need  reprichhudson s concealed carry reciprocity bill  i look forward to…
rt  housegop    potus  my duty  and the sacred duty of every elected official in this chamber  is to defend americans -- to protect their s…
chairman  usreprodney  there s no more important responsibility than looking after those who serve our country 
rt  stlcountypd  it s not everyday we get a new recruit at age 4  but auggie wants to be a police officer  auggie  who lives with leukemia …
today   repthomasmassie and i introduced a bill to redirect foreign aid to pakistan to instead fund us infrastructu…
no surprise that michigan is one of the top states producing the most christmas trees  pure michigan
the civilized people of the world stand with the people of barcelona and all of spain 
wishing all the moms in  il16  & everywhere in the world a very happy mothers day today  grateful to be spending thi…
i would like to commend president trump for moving our embassy to jerusalem  every nation should have the right to…
thanks to the senior class at fairhope high school for inviting me to speak this morning  i hope all of you stay c…
service update from florida power & light
always good to see the members of the tri-state water resource coalition  they stopped by to discuss what needs to…
rt  gopoversight   live    usrepgarypalmer gavels in our hearing on regulatory reform 
today we pause to honor the service and sacrifice of the men and women who has work the uniform of our great country  veterans day
game day  go birds  fly eagles fly
fema disaster recovery centers are now in nash and wilson counties for residents with damage from hurricane matthew…
rt  foxnews    repmarkmeadows on omnibus bill   we don t build the wall but yet we put money in for a tunnel  the last time i checked  when…
today   juliabrownley26 and i introduced the homeless veterans  reintegration program improvement act of 2017 to fi…
rt  sanantonio_300  celebrate sa s military history at fort sam houston during military appreciation weekend  activities include  a specia…
rt  houseappropsgop  read chairman  usreprodney s statement on passage of government-wide funding legislation
rt  repwalberg  workers are starting to see a boost in take-home pay as the tax cut law is implemented  make sure to check your check 
 lwherron  reprohrabacher it is whatever you want it to be 
met with officials from  poccaport today to discuss the next steps for widening and deepening the port 
it was great to see you all  thanks for making the trip from florida 
thanks to tax reform  ups is ordering an additional 18 cargo aircrafts  the  boeing 747-800 can haul 308 000 pounds…
dropped by  ballwinpolice for national drug take back day  it was wonderful seeing the community unite to combat the o…
video  lucas addresses wildfire response & containment efforts at recent  houseagnews subcommittee hearing
the national defense authorization act passed last night  this means great things for the people of colorado  parti…
want to weigh in on an issue or see what i ve been working on  use my website as your resource  check it out now &gt &gt 
honored to receive the award for conservative excellence from the  acuconservative
so happy for all the hardworking songwriters out there  when you create something  you deserve to be paid fairly …
thank you for having me on 
no zuckerberg here  but we are doing important work at  gopoversight  hearing testimony on we can help our communit…
come findyourpark encuentratuparque in  tx23  this saturday  national park week
 icymi   energy security is national security  many folks don t realize the hardworking texans getting in their truc…
 sunnydfan4eva  realdonaldtrump nope  i predict they re going to extend the existing omnibus when the sept 30 deadline gets near 
testified in  housecommerce on efforts to combat the opioid epidemic  addiction is decimating too many communities …
i had all three of my kids while serving in the house  and they have absolutely made me a better legislator  tune i…
rt  foodtank   there aren t that many farmers in congress  and we have two of them here    hbottemiller from  politico in a live fireside c…
rt  epascottpruitt  couldn t agree more  senator  happy to be in ca promoting that exact message  true environmentalism
veteran id cards will be available next month 
rt  repjimbanks  agree with  repmarkwalker and his  wsj op-ed  let s cut wasteful federal spending wherever we can 
house administration to mark up resolution establishing rules for house academic competition  stem 
happy 218th birthday to the  librarycongress  🎂📚 🎉 since  april 24  1800  the library has served as our nation s co…
rt  laurenashburn    repgallagher  r-wisc    who visited american troops in afghanistan late last year  gives an update on the progress the…
warning dangerous criminal illegal immigrants  including gang members  about ice operations puts our communities an…
thanks to the tax cuts and jobs act  4 million hardworking americans have received bonuses 
live  we are now discussing a bill i introduced to improve objectivity & transparency of the science behind gov reg…
rt  housebudgetgop  input from members of congress plays an important role in the budget process  learn more about the committee s upcoming…
 bwells34668 i do not support privatization of the va
thanks for  swinging by   stevegarvey6 
rt  tommyk416  here to meet with  reploubarletta on behalf of  pcua and  belcoccu  cunagac 
  potus  realdonaldtrump s tax cuts mean more money back in the pockets of working hoosiers 
beginning today  the late rev  billy graham will lie in honor in the u s  capitol rotunda  my full statement honori…
i think you re great too   reprobwoodall - thanks for the kind words today
rt  lacaldwelldc  exclusive   greggharper and  repbrady introduces sexual harassment reform bill  - forces accused to personally reimburse…
thanks to the folks at light of the world academy in pinckney for letting me come visit  i had a great time learnin…
a new scam mimics listed  irs  phone lines to trick victims  remain alert year-round  especially right after tax fil…
following our trip to montreal for  nafta  negotiations  i appreciated the opportunity to meet with  ustraderep toda…
yesterday  i met with a group from unicef  over the course of its over 70 years  unicef has helped save more childr…
as the daughter of a dairy farmer  i know farm work means starting before dawn & ending after dusk  thank you  farm…
attention students  are you interested in submitting artwork for the congressional art competition  if so  you must…
tune in  the subcommittee on health will review seven bills at this afternoon s legislative hearing 
rt  foxnews    toddrokita on doj lawsuit against california   we re either going to be a country of laws or we re not  the fact that people…
rt  wsmv  several school systems  including rutherford  sumner and wilson counties  are closed on thursday  here s a map of those reported…
big news → the justice served act passed the house  for too long  violent criminals have been able to hide because…
more great news for our growing economy  jobless claims drop to the lowest level since 1969 
icymi  my bill to stop use of taxpayer funds to settle sexualharassment cases has passed the…
just wrapped up a busy day in lawrence county 
rt  repjeffdenham   of course  as nice as it is that the rail authority will try to better manage the disaster that is the bullet train mov…
rt  houseappropsgop  this morning  the labor  hhs subcommittee holds a hearing on the state of down syndrome research  watch live --&gt 
how does my work in washington impact georgia &  ga09   if the economy  rural broadband  tax reform  or building saf…
remember  my mobile office will be in yellville tomorrow   ar3 
thank you to the many agents from  fbi &  atfhq as well as state and local law enforcement for their good work and…
      which would help prepare folks like bill for the challenges and opportunities of transitioning to civilian li…
americans are truly reaping the benefits from  potus s tax cuts  that is why i will keep fighting for the crumbs ac…
had the opportunity to discuss syria and russia with heidi hatch yesterday 
i am deeply saddened by the loss of my colleague and dear friend  louiseslaughter  she was a dynamic leader who i h…
sexual harassment is morally abhorrent and has no place in our society regardless of political affiliation  any me…
tina & i wish everyone a very safe  happy & healthy new year  please don t drink & drive  let s have a great celebration south jersey
  repmarkwalker   we need to earn back the title as the adults in the room  the fiscal people who are responsible —…
rt  jecrepublicans  great job by our vice chairman at  aei 
more tax day good news  the house will vote today on several bills that will overhaul the irs  customer service exp…
rt  housegop  we re putting an end to the  thejusticedept s bank settlement slush fund
read more about the treasury report and the financial institution bankruptcy act here  ⬇️
rt  cspanwj  representative dan newhouse  r-wa  joins us this morning to talk about friday s government funding deadline and the future of…
many people remember the tragic  kelo  case before the supreme court  what they forget is it was  kelo vs  city of…
we are now considering h r  5041  safe disposal of unused medication act find all bills from today s full cmte mar…
more good news thanks to the tax cuts & jobs act 
rt  americanlegion    drphilroe  bad actions of a few have tainted hard work of many va employees for too long  now  because of accountabil…
it s encouraging to hear that secretary of state mike pompeo is returning home with 3 american citizens that appear to be in good health 
sad to learn of the passing of nancy reagan  she was a tremendous first lady and a great american  my sympathy to the reagan family 
more californians are standing up against illegal sanctuary cities and fighting for the safety and security of law…
i voted for h r  620  the ada education and reform act  important legislation that benefits both the disabilities c…
did you know that by cutting the corporate tax rate  the tax cutsand jobs act could actually lower your electric bill…
  mrsb1stgraders thanks for your question  ask buddy
rt  repjeffduncan  was honored to team up today with lander  presbyterian college  newberry college and my friend  repralphnorman to help p…
the  natlparkservice generates billions for local economies and supports over 300 000 jobs 
tax cuts are a major win  but republicans in congress should not coast between now and november--there is far too m…
i am praying for the people of sutherland springs  texas 
rt  housejudiciary   fbi  director comey to testify in front of  housejudiciary next week  find out more ⤵️
great to be with  genrobertneller this morning at the 240 birthday cake cutting for the  usmc   ca08  semper fi
thanks for stopping by 
today   dogbountyhunter and  mrsdogc tracked me down    to talk about h r  2152  the citizens  right to know act 
the president called on all of us in congress to defend americans -- to protect their safety  their families  their…
 republicans have hit the ground running in the new congress with legislation to crack down on federal regulations …
a salute to utah agriculture on national ag day  utah farmers work hard  feed our economy and put food on our ta…
rt  hoag8  congrats to  nauseef on receiving dave hobson award in dc  former ddc ceo who lead the 2005 brac  wpafb was at 16k employees  po…
rt  stevescalise  join me in thanking our farmers this ag day 
icymi  hopeful new research by  dukeu for kids w/autism and potential therapies from umbilical cord blood stem cells
un ambassador  nikkihaley making her mark for america & our allies at the un  less than a decade ago  unlikely to b…
rt  jim_jordan  14  the new york times reported last week that george popadopoulos  loose lips were a catalyst for launching the russia inv…
rt  repmccaul  as i have consistently said  russia is not our friend and can t be trusted  i commend the administration for leveling these…
renee & i join our community in grieving the loss of msg jonathan dunbar  we extend our deepest condolences to his…
special thanks to these  in05  seniors for their contributions to our discussion  good luck during this exciting tim…
tomorrow at 8 am et  i ll join  squawkcnbc to discuss how the  housegop s pro-growth agenda  including tax cuts & r…
it was a pleasure to talk politics with  varneyco on  foxbusiness last week 
here s a closer look at how the  able  act came to be  and here s how we built upon its success in the…
i voted today to start process of reconciling differences between house & senate versions of tax reform  as the bil…
congratulations to a fellow west texan  dr  ronny jackson  on being nominated for secretary of the va 
thank you to the clinton county firefighters association for inviting me to their annual banquet this weekend  it w…
grateful to receive the guardian of seniors  rights award today from the  60plusassoc 
full cmte chairman  repgregwalden & sub health chairman  michaelcburgess on  potus  drug pricing announcement &gt &gt 
proud to work with  repesty and members of the problem solvers caucus to develop a bipartisan plan to improve our n…
joining  talkradio1023 right now to talk about  sotu  and yesterday s accident  listen live at
did you catch my latest e-newsletter  read it here  then head to an…
rt  adamsextonwmur  a spokesman for  govchrissununu confirms he intends to sign the bill nhpolitics
a tragic loss for the family and friends of edwin jackson and the entire  colts organization  my prayers are with a…
rt  rowancountync  happy starwarsday and may the4th be with you 
rt  brewer660   pffpnc fire fighters would like to thank  reppittenger and his staff for taking the time to meet with us and discuss our co…
icymi  my questions at yesterday s  housecommerce hearing about my bipartisan bill to prevent opioid abuse →
on wednesday  i voted for a clean disaster aid package b/c i do believe that we should help our neighbors when they need it most  1/4
joining  foxnews  happeningnow at 10 10am central this morning to discuss the latest in the  fbi  russia investigation  tune in 
today  and every day  we thank those who fought in the vietnam war for their sacrifice and their service  we honor…
i was glad to stop by  newsradioktok last friday to sit down with lee matthews  we talked about the 2nd amendment …
rt  hcfmo  today  is peace officers memorial day  which falls during national police week  today we remember all those who made the ultimat…
dec 7 1941   a date which will live in infamy   please join me in remembering those who fought for our freedom 75 years ago in pearl harbor
the federal government should uphold federal law  that is exactly what attorney general sessions  revision of the c…
it was truly an honor to meet joshua frawley  the 2018 recipient of the marine corps military child of the year awa…
rt  mlive  michigan s congressional delegation urges trump to follow through on soo locks fix
happy presidents  day -- today we celebrate president washington s birthday 
looking forward to it  you can listen on your radio or online here 
last year  i urged the administration to remain committed to the korea-u s  free trade agreement  korus  for our ec…
  mrsb1stgraders thanks for your question  ask buddy
great to sit down w/  intel to discuss self-driving tech &  housecommerce s work to maintain american leadership in…
billy graham inspired hope  gave comfort in moments of tragedy & was an example to us all  he truly made the world a better place 
rt  realdonaldtrump  can t wait to be back in the amazing state of tennessee to address the 99th american  farmbureau federation s annual c…
more good news from our small and growing businesses  tax reform is working for minnesota 
rt  congressmangt  the 2018 farm bill provides food security to our neighbors in need & also gives people an on-ramp to opportunity  because…
thank you for having me last month   eightcapmi is doing important work in our community and the volunteers  storie…
 eftimovabiljana asked question i gave my suggestion  it is up tomacedonian people not me  czechs &slovaks did it  swiss another example
thank you for coming to dc and inviting me to join you all  it was great to be among fellow engineers 
rt  centralpafb  happening now  we re hosting a round table discussion on the supplemental nutrition assistance program  snap  and the 2018…
at 10 30am est  french president  emmanuelmacron will deliver an address to a joint meeting of congress  watch pres…
prayers going out to deputy william gentry  his family and to all our law enforcement officers who keep us safe eve…
with this bill  our local community is empowered to revitalize the roads  bridges  buses  and rail lines we use every day 
today  on holocaust remembrance day we remember the six million jewish people who were murdered by the nazi regime …
on with  davidasmanfox momentarily to talk about the bipartisan u s aact  tune in to  foxbusiness 
rt  flexprogram  how cool  one week after meeting representative trey hollingsworth   reptrey  in washington  d c  during the  civedworksho…
released 18 hours before the vote  the omnibust was 2 232 pages of legislation that no member of congress had time…
i joined  graydcnews for  kxiitv to talk about tax day 2018 & the effects of the tax cutsand jobs act in  ok2   oklaho…
my thoughts and prayers go out to those affected by the devastating santarosafire  thank you to the brave first re…
planes  tanks  ships - hardware is important  but you can replace hardware  you can t replace people   fy18ndaa 
obamacare s medical device tax is bad for hoosiers and bad for indiana companies like complexus in mishawaka  it ne…
rt  reploubarletta  us goods trade deficit with canada was  12 1b in 2016  trade deficit
i said  no  to reckless government spending  mn02 
very cool moment on my dc to clt flight today   americanair recognized passenger hershel woody williams  a medal of…
rt  gopleader   tbt   senschumer in 2013   a [government shutdown] is the politics of idiocy  of confrontation  of paralysis  
today  chairman  rephensarling kicks off our markup on fy19 budget views and estimates at 10am et  tune in here 
rt  dmwhitcraftms  a sincere thank you to wisconsin s 7th district congressman  sean duffy  your town hall meeting in siren  wi last evenin…
16  why was fbi general counsel jim baker reassigned two weeks ago  was he the source for the first story on the do…
here is my statement on the pointless allegations against ag sessions 
in the digital age  we ve seen historic growth in connectivity  so why then are people—especially younger generatio…
rt  freedomworks  im lovin it tax reform amp f w
rt  abc13houston  an opening day w  this is how you start the season   astros 4-1 never settle
my thoughts and prayers are with the family and friends of fellow michigander alyssa elsman during this very diffic…
 washingtonpost  chicagotribune  latimes   wsj editorial page editor paul gigot   harry reid and the horse he rode…
another successful national rebuilding day with  rtdayton volunteers coming together to transform properties and th…
happy presidents  day 
rt  interior  50 years ago today  dr  martin luther king  jr  was killed  his legacy continues to inspire all who believe in freedom & equa…
congressman griffith s weekly e-newsletter 2 12 18 topics  the many benefits of tax reform
rt  artscouncilgbr  the 2018 congressional art competition will be launched this spring  high school students in louisiana s 6th congressio…
rt  hascrepublicans  live   10 -  mactxpress joins  sundayfutures to talk north korea  where we stand & what must be done to protect the na…
last week  i spoke on the house floor about civility in politics 
rt  realdonaldtrump  i urge all americans to participate in takebackday tomorrow  let s come together and beat last october s record of di…
did you know that april is the month of the military child  this is an important time for us all to appreciate and…
rt  usmc  73 years ago today  marines on iwo jima raised the flag atop mount suribachi  semper fidelis 
latest jobs report ➡️ february brought in great news for the u s  economy  ✅ 313 000 jobs added ✅ unemployment rat…
  reprutherfordfl   that is exactly what concerns me  when law enforcement collaborates with school boards to not enforce the law  
the deadline to submit artwork for the congressional art competition is extended until friday april  27th  high-sch…
i enjoyed meeting with jonathan kruse from enterprise today  he s with the international association of machinists…
i ve said all along that the iran deal is a bad deal  it doesn t adequately hold iran accountable from obtaining or…
rt  housecommerce  sub energy hears from all five  ferc commissioners during hearing today &gt &gt 
rt  repmikerogersal  2018 farm bill ag  al03 
last week i talked to  kilmeade about the grandfather in my district who inspired me to introduce a bill to allow o…
icymi  this morning i joined  fox4 s  good day  to talk about the economy and important issues facing congress  wat…
celebrating 110 years of service with the  usarmyreserve today 
rt  repabraham  yesterday  i chaired a  housescience subcommittee hearing on chinese spies infiltrating many layers of our society for nefa…
a bipartisan pathway forward to hold iran accountable by  ambdennisross and  rich_goldberg
open dialogue lets every employee have their voice heard  google g o p future
watch live at 3 pm  the financial services subcommittee  chaired by  reptomgraves  holds its fy19 member day hearin…
1/4 what a heartbreaking day for our country  i am grieving with those in las vegas in the wake of this senseless act of evil that has…
in 18 of the last 20 years  our country has operated on an omnibus or continuing resolution  disrupting the continu…
rt  povnow  icymi   repkevincramer joins us to talk about healthcare  the firing of rex tillerson  the house dems blocking the right to tr…
happy arbor day  learn more here 
enjoyed having leaders from chambers co in the office to discuss issues important to their area …
so honored to visit vanderbilt s children hospital and nicu today  i met with dr  patrick  who s an expert in treat…
it was an honor to attend the opening of toyota s new headquarters last week  texas continues to create opportuniti…
rt  reptomemmer  starting off the morning talking to  danoxochsner while he s in dc  listen later this afternoon to myself  and some other…
mr  mccabe s firing  following an internal investigation and report by career civil servants at the fbi and doj  is…
it is inspiring to see how much these teachers truly care about their students  as well as how well-rounded and eng…
great questions from callers this morning  thank you for having me on 
rt  repmikebishop  great to join my colleagues with  paulwjr live this morning from  naiasdetroit to discuss the future of our auto industr…
rt  selc_org    repsanfordsc rallies the crowd gathered in columbia  s c  for the state s only chance to talk with federal officials about…
  secretaryzinke &  senalexander understand that our national parks are worth protecting and maintaining …
those whose checks have remained the same shouldn t fret — employers have until feb  15 to make the changes 
thirty states currently have legalized marijuana in some capacity  but because it s classified as a schedule i subs…
if you re referencing the war powers act  but you ve never read it  please at least read this short but timely seri…
happy to report that my bipartisan bill with rep  ted lieu  d-ca    hack the state department   has passed out of c…
stopped in live oak earlier this week to have lunch at the dixie grill and met with owner  charles thomas  as well…
congratulations  mr  ambassador  looking forward to working with you to promote humanrights and democracy across…
american taxpayer dollars should never be used to reward terrorism  sayfie
icymi  i visited two fulton county businesses this week to witness first-hand the strength of north country manufac…
rt  flgovscott  just spoke with  potus about shooting at marjory stoneman douglas high school  my thoughts and prayers are with the student…
one more game  good luck tonight   umichbball  go blue national championship
what s wrong with helping someone find a job where they can use their talents to succeed  our question to democrats…
2 samuel 5 3 when the elders of israel had come to king david at hebron  the king made a covenant with them at hebr…
rt  exxonmobilbra  over 100 local girls from  ebrschools and  wbrschools participated in our 14th annual introduce a girl to engineering da…
the last time adam williams was at the nebraska breakfast was in 1968  when roman hruska and carl curtis were the s…
thank you for having me 
when washington plays the shutdown game  the country loses  transparency in government becomes nonexistent  and the…
we re accepting applications for the 2018 congressional art competition  any high school student in south dakota is…
rt  henrymcmaster  ✔ 130 new jobs ✔  8 million investment magna international s announcement today marks another victory for south caroli…
impressive to see the work being done at  cherrystmission life revitalization center in toledo - job training  educ…
live shortly on the house floor to discuss the state of our economy and how tax reform has helped our country tax day  please tune in 
together with law enforcement  we can stop the pure evil of modern-day slavery  for more information on the history…
since  nygovcuomo has been in office  ny has diverted an estimated  400 million  or about 42% of the money collecte…
sugar land is the best  annette williamson wise painted a bridge w/ our history  now  it has her name  check it out 
rt  speakerryan  great news → jobless claims are at the lowest level since 1973  ↴
today we honor the life & legacy of dr  martin luther king  jr  rev  king remains a giant among men whose spirit &…
there s nothing better than showing constituents around washington - especially when they re as great as anna and a…
 icymi   this weekend   repbillshuster appeared on  foxnews to discuss the white house s infrastructureplan  here s…
big tech companies pretend to care about privacy  but the truth is  they have been selling the privacy of tennessea…
our veterans have sacrificed so much to defend our nation and they deserve better   2 
no vacation when the job s not done  more here  stayon schedule no budget no pay
tax reform is helping hard-working families across california plan and prepare for their childrens  future  ✔️dou…
happy pres signed sanctions bill  putan wants to break foundation of democracy  we cannot ignore how he threatens freedom around the world
rt  dcexaminer  over 100 companies giving  trump bonuses  after gop tax victory
rt  polishembassyus    ambwilczek had a very productive meeting with  repwalorski of indiana who serves as co-chair of the house poland cau…
breaking  my bill to help citrus farmers recover from irma will be in next hurricane relief package  sayfie
my friend  senjohnmccain is a hero  a fighter  and a good man  he has a wife and family  and he lives his life with…
 there is no greater peace than that which comes from prayer and no greater fellowship than to join in prayer with…
the hearing on the continuing resolution is starting now  watch live on  cspan or online here 
former first lady barbara bush is the epitome of grace  style  strength and class  tonight  i am sending prayers t…
rt  hascrepublicans  hasc readiness subcommittee releases its mark for  fy19ndaa   ndaa  - ensures that america s warfighters & the equipment…
serving the people of wisconsin has been a tremendous honor for  speakerryan and he has served them well  he accept…
the georgia cyber innovation & training center is forging local partnerships between academia  industry  and govern…
nearly 80% of american heroin users report misusing prescription opioids first  don t let unused pills become the f…
great turnout in prescott this afternoon  during the meeting  i had the opportunity to hear from community leaders…
the tax cutsand jobs act is designed to help everyday americans give back to their communities by continuing the dedu…
  robert_aderholt  a highlight of the bill is inclusion of a  308m increase for medical product safety - one of the…
closing the readiness gap and ensuring that our warfighters have the necessary resources to complete their missions…
rt  champs4future  champs olympians & paralympians thank chairman  tomcoleok04 for his leadership on early learning programs 
zachary anthony and ivan flanscha made an immeasurable sacrifice  cindy and i are keeping their families in our pra…
enjoyed meeting with these  aipac folks this afternoon  including  richchrismer  we talked about the many issues fa…
the community of columbus has great vision and impressive leadership  wonderful meeting with local government  educ…
join us at the 2018 march for life on 1/19/18 to spread the truth that every child deserves the same chance  life is…
as a senior appropriator  i understand more than most in congress that this rescissions package is necessary
rt  adamneylonpress  town hall meeting with  jimpressoffice and  repjanel here in sussex tonight
rt  enogregr  thread   housecommerce sub d c c p hearing starting at 10am et  heidi king  deputy administrator  nhtsagov will discuss the ag…
no one s conscience rights should be violated - whether it s taxpayers being forced to fund abortions or nurses bei…
rt  houseappropsgop  this morning  the labor  hhs subcommittee holds a hearing on the state of down syndrome research  watch live --&gt 
glad my staff was able to talk agriculture priorities and the upcoming farm bill with members of the second distric…
i will be working from north carolina this week as my wife of 51 years undergoes surgery  thank you 
please remember to pray for otto warmbier s family today  as well
rt  financialcmte  it s been ~8 years of dodd frank  and we re losing one community financial institution per day on avg  the house   senat…
my bill  native american energy act passes cmmte  empowers tribes & ak natives to better develop&manage their lands…
rt  novambb  lets march nova
thank you  potus for your commitment to ensure the safety of the american people  see my full statement below 
did you know the tax cuts and jobs act retains the child and dependent care tax credit  as well as the adoption tax…
humantrafficking is a barbaric industry  adults  or many times innocent children  are forced or coerced into labor…
great news out of nebraska regarding keystone xl  via  houstonchron
tonight i ll vote for the regulatory accountability act to put a stop to obama s expensive regulations 
please join me in congratulating  columbiageorgia from  ga12  for making it to the national science bowl  with over…
are you looking for a job in northern michigan  head to to search through current job openings  jobs
read more here 
 angrynidaho  thejohnsonpost obama didn t think they were much of a geopolitical threat  our party does and has don…
rt  walkingonestop  walking one stop honors superstar walkers who talk the talk and walk the walk  we appreciate you 
additional wins for south jersey -invests in research at nih -reduces backlog at va - 20b for infrastructure -inv…
watch  today we debut our  personal stories from the opioid crisis  video series  highlighting individuals and fami…
un must impose oil embargo on n korea asap  if china or russsia veto  us must sanction any1 doing business with nk  including bank of china 
disappointed to see indiana s graduation rate waiver denied by  usedgov  last year i led a letter signed by the ind…
rt  financialcmte    federalreserve chairman powell testifies before our committee tomorrow for the first time  he ll update us on monetary…
rt  senatorwicker  sex trafficking is not limited to faraway places around the globe  it is happening right here in america  a bill passed…
while i was en route back to dc today  my staff met with  asdanet &  amerdentalassn to discuss combatting opioid ab…
another  50b for our economy 
it is my sincere hope that the american people will take time to reflect upon dr  king s teachings and continue to…
rt  repjohnfaso  some snap asset tests haven t been updated since the 1970s and that has limited the ability of beneficiaries to put money…
today  international womens day let us reflect on the impact of the countless achievements  discoveries  and inventi…
congratulations to the new desloge chamber board members who were just sworn in  they kicked off their first meetin…
small business week
my statement on today s taxreform hearing about the benefits of simplifying our tax code 
 trey_vondinkis looking forward to  diamondandsilk joining us on wednesday  it will be available live from this pa…
rt  govmattbevin  today  in a show of support for the marshall county community  i directed the kentucky state flag to be lowered to half-s…
tired of winning yet  on monday  the u s  embassy in israel moves to the capital city of jerusalem  the greatest na…
hamas purposefully used a civilian protest to stir up violence & put innocent lives at risk  i urge the senate to p…
congratulations to sharon foote for being named the new ceo of  wearemadisonco community health center  &gt &gt 
statement on the president s decision to withdraw from the iran nuclear deal 
great visits to  sjhsgenerals and  thepatrioths yesterday 
on with  bob770kkob this morning to discuss what s happening in washington dc & issues that affect new mexico  than…
retail sales are ⬆ unemployment rate is ⬇ and right now  we have one open job for nearly every unemployed person in…
watch  chairman  repmccaul talks law enforcement response to austin bombing investigation with  marthamaccallum on…
the coalition strike in syria is a measured response to assad s barbaric use of chemical weapons  chemical weapons…
scenes from puerto rico & usvi are heartbreaking but we ll be there every step to speed recovery-track updates here 
net neutrality twitter favors 1934 fcc rules that only apply to isps  i e  not them  over real legislation that wou…
teamed up with  billpascrell to co-chair the brain injury task force  we re raising awareness about braininjuries …
looking forward to working with  potus nominee  governorperry on important energy research issues like nuclearpower  inl
rt  congressbdaybot  happy birthday rep  erik paulsen  reperikpaulsen 
as president kennedy said   let us never negotiate out of fear  but let us never fear to negotiate   it is in this…
great example of the american dream being alive & well  we should encourage this level of passion & persistence 
the historic tax credit has gone a long way in helping to revive architectural marvels across  va05  and breathe new…
the tax cuts and jobs act reduced the  marriage penalty  for many taxpayers  more info on the benefits to married c…
the tax cuts & jobs act will reform our nation s tax code for the first time in 31 years & help missourians get ahe…
tim robinson & matt brown from addiction recovery care stopped by my dc office today after testifying about the opi…
this monday at 7 00pm  senator tim scott and i will kick off our book tour at  bookendsnj  for more information or…
rt  secazar   hhs  has opioids prevention  treatment  & recovery resources available online  visit for more informa…
tax reform delivers again    just in time for the hot alabama summer  last week  alabamapower announced it will red…
i called into this morning s  conduitnews with  paulharrell1776 to discuss the flip act and the benefits of the rec…
we were glad to have you  mr  secretary 
rt  whitehouse  today is national prescription drug take back day  visit to find a safe-disposal site to get rid of…
it is great to stop by small businesses in the district to celebrate small business week  here we have  pudgies and…
icymi- i m proud to help my constituents impacted by flooding 
we are live from the t&i hearing room for the highways and transit subcommittee hearing on highway and transit fund…
rt  natresources  thanks to the leadership of  reptomemmer &  westerncaucus with the passage of the m i n e ract  ✔️17 000 jobs protected ✔️ …
chairman  petesessions welcomes chairman of  housecommerce  repgregwalden to testify on the hydropower policy modernization act 
today  the house passed the faa reauthorization bill  which would  ensure passenger safety  strengthen consumer pro…
happy mothers day to all mothers  grandmothers  aunts and guardians  a special shout out to my wife  jean  who has…
rt  speakerryan  today  the  uscapitol flags are lowered to half-staff in honor of our country s law enforcement who have given their lives…
threats are moving quicker than bureaucracy  that is why working together to reform & create policies that strength…
enjoyed discussing farm bill 2018 priorities and issues facing north dakota producers with don wick  rrfn this morn…
keeping promises
on this day in 1809 one of our country s greatest leaders was born  join me in recognizing the birthday of presiden…
rt  decisionnews   as a father to four and a grandfather to 16  i strongly support the sanctity of human life and believe life begins at co…
postponed  open office hours in guthrie center  due to the freezing rain overnight and dangerous driving condidtion…
london attack targeting muslims was disgraceful & must be condemned  no matter how radical the mosque  attack is legally & morally wrong 
hosted my 15th telephone townhall today and had some great conversations with people from all over the second distr…
the jackson county sheriff s office is represented by some of the finest officers in north carolina to our law enf…
rep  sensenbrenner introduces the rfg modernization act 
we paid attention to motivations & interests of millennials & ended up with a fresh perspective on the whole workplace  pwc_llp g o p future
i have walked into & through several of the  no-go zones  in europe  this resistance will increase all over western…
rt  repjoshg  i was proud to stand with my fellow co-chair of the problem solvers caucus   reptomreed  to present the first annual problem…
states will tell you – they support this investment  fact check  the 2018 farm bill nearly triples the investment pe…
zell miller helped shape georgia into one of the strongest states in the union  he was a national giant from  ga09 … 
rt  leahbarkoukis  exclusive to  townhallcom   replukemesser on why he recently introduced legislation to expand the child tax credit to in…
rt  damianpaletta  rep  tom reed  the  day of reckoning  has arrived on the u s  government s debt crisis   we are starting to see that deb…
passed the house ☑️  the citizens  right to know act requires jurisdictions that receive grant money from the doj t…
rt  gocapsmonett  morning tours off to a great start  with our current med ss  coxhealth sharing with interested students from  auroramohs…
the  disabledameric4 stopped by my office to discuss how we can best care for our veterans  thank you for advocatin…
electricity price increases hit the poor 3x as hard as middle income americans  obama s war on coal is a war on the poor and jobs   sotu 
senate  it s time to end the schumer shutdown  now 
rt  ceaorg   we re the top producers of commercial fisheries  in la   but we also have offshore  so we actually can do both of these at the…
ryno is in town and he brought cookies with him  he even presented a special one to  repdebdingell  ryno goes to d c…
rt  repdebdingell  in an age of divisiveness  we must remember we are americans first & foremost  my piece w  repdavetrott  detroitnews htt…
according to a recent report  the multiemployer pension program is expected to be insolvent by 2025  as a result  o…
rt  nanswift  despite shrinking options for sustainability and little room to maneuver in discretionary spending   republicanstudy still ma…
 thrillist ranking is fakenews—after all  our nation s civic life thrives on florida man—here s data florida is…
it s your money  not the government s  i m looking forward to  potus signing tax cutsand jobs act into law  bringing…
 didyouknow   the house of representatives has been working for you  from strengthening our military to fixing our…
i congratulate mike pompeo on being confirmed as the new secretary of state  i look forward to his leadership in this distinguished role 
join me on  kxel1540 with host jeff stein   iowapolitics  at 3 15 pm this afternoon to hear the latest on matters i…
rt  judgejeanine   [the doj & fbi] gave us absolutely nothing  the president has a right to be frustrated  i m frustrated   -  repmarkmeado…
it is with great sadness that we have learned of the passing of my friend and colleague from ny  louise slaughter …
a great mothers day with the familia at the pool  there s no place i d rather be than with those who fill my life w…
rt  iacommunitybank 
this is why facebook is part of the trust crisis in this country  check out my op-ed in  theijr for my thoughts on…
with the help of acting  bcfpdirector mulvaney  we re reigning in the most powerful & least accountable govt agency…
icymi  our legislation will expand tuition assistance  ta  to allow service members to use ta for licensing  creden…
great to speak to  kbt4allmodes this morning about improving kentucky infrastructure 
chairman  repmccaul released a statement on today s  thejusticedept indictments against russian nationals and entit…
also toured lowe s distribution center in findlay to discuss e-commerce as well  as chairman of sub d c c p  our subco…
great to meet yesterday with constituents from clare county and their friends to talk about  parentprojectmd 
rt  repgallagher  the  fy19ndaa  mark-up is officially underway  you can watch live as  hascrepublicans and  hascdemocrats work together to…
these walmart employees just got bonuses because of the tax cutsand jobs act  great to see taxreform in action 
fbi takes dossier to secret court to get secret warrant to spy on american  bruce ohr worked for doj  nellie ohr w…
honored to receive the  legislative leader award  from humane society legislative fund for my…
thank you to all of our central valley teachers for your hard work and dedication to our nation s future leaders  f…
school safety is a top priority  the stop school violence act gives law enforcement  school officials  and students…
national right to life now estimates more than 60 million abortions have been performed in the u s  since roe v  wa…
tune in to  wavaradio today at 3 15pm central  talking to  donkroah about national guard at the border and more  li…
  mrsb1stgraders thanks for your question  ask buddy
march is m s awareness month & i ve been proud to stand w/ ms advocates & support individuals & families living w/ ms…
it s possible to ensure affordable  clean  and reliable american energy g o p energy solutions
rt  fordhamnyc  last week  natalie wodniak  fcrh  18  presented her findings on the medical experiences of burmese refugees in the u s  at…
back at  financialcmte this am working to impose the toughest penalties in history to hold wall street and washingt…
rt  powerlunch  please tune in 2 10p et/11 10a pt for an interview with rep greg walden  repgregwalden to discuss equifax  efx
honored to join gov  scott today to discuss the outstanding needs for clay  putnam  and duval counties  / hurricane…
she said that he could possibly nominate someone for the next term  but if the person were appointed now  they woul…
afternoon taxreform read -  americans  wallets fattened in january on recent tax cuts  
proud that  potus proclaimed this week  april 8-14  to be national crime victims  rights week as renew our collecti…
yoder &  repcleaver bipartisan staff trip to camden yards to see the  royals take on the  orioles …
tax reform is a process but it s a process that will result in stronger economy  more jobs & more     in pockets of…
happy birthday to the  usnavy  thank you to the brave men & women who proudly defend our great nation  242 navy bday
rt  freudenbergferg  trey hollingsworth at cg today talking with students 
🇺🇸 can again export pork to 🇦🇷  this is great news for north carolina s pork industry  🐖
 washingtonpost   chicagotribune editorial board   revive yucca mountain  illinois has more nuclear waste than any…
wishing all who celebrate a joyous and happy passover 
rt  repbillflores  looking forward to working with sec  perry to advance a 21st century energy strategy to lower energy costs & achieve ene…
we were there to defend you today   diamondandsilk  so we you guys keep it up 
rt  tjonesreporter  just in  wbr parish schools to remain closed friday due to major icing issues on school sidewalks and entrances   thead…
rt  usenergyassn    usenergyassn hosts tanzanian energy&minerals ministers thanks to  repjoebarton for his hospitality  tzalendo  texasgov…
the texas delegation is kicking off the special order series on tax reform  many thanks to  repkevinbrady for leadi…
it was great to have you in louisiana 
welcome home  iss expedition 54 crew   nasa flight engineers mark vande hei & joe acaba & commander alexander misur…
rt  stevescalise  over 💯 american companies are paying their employees more as a result of the tax cuts & jobs act  see the growing list ↓…
rt  ispindianapolis  officers from across the united states are in town to honor deputy pickett  these are a few of the patches i saw tonig…
 our massive tax cuts provide tremendous relief for the middle class and small businesses   agreed   sotu 
maybe someone  bmw can explain how the heck they d view  ingrahamangle s apology as unacceptable & her show should…
i had a productive meeting with members of the peanut leadership academy this week to discuss how congress can expa…
what an incredible experience this morning at the 66th national prayer breakfast  sidney and i joined leaders from…
rt  acuconservative    repguthrie with his 2016 conservative excellence award and a score of 96%  a c u ratings
after working on overhauling our broken tax code for several years  this is truly a significant moment  read the le…
thanks to the  glenn_college students for their thoughtful questions and good discussion  i hope you all enjoy you…
rpc talked with leading economic experts today about trade and it s importance to u s  economy  grovernorquist…
the tax cutsand jobs act is already having a positive impact on the american economy  to receive information straight…
it is national police week where we honor the brave men and women who keep our communities safe  tens of thousands…
rt  ardeptofagricul   fire and forestry go hand in hand   says  repwesterman of managing healthy forests  at the arkansas fire policy forum…
good news for north texas  it is home to some of the healthiest counties in our state  according to new data from…
rt  repteddeutch  the families who lost loved ones on february 14 at msd are turning their pain into action  they are supporting a federal…
i was honored to be named the  legislator of the year  by the jewish war veterans of the us  dept  of nj  commander…
the committee continues to get our work done on fy19 appropriations bills  this week  three bills were approved in…
read more about the legislation i just introduced to help empower taxpayers and reform the  irs  to work more effici…
by cutting taxes and red tape  we are making it easier for businesses around our community  like  mbgboats to inves…
it offered permanent concessions for temporary restrictions  ignored the possible military dimensions of iran s nuc…
  cnn   the job market hasn t been this good in a very long time   pro-growth policies are making a real differen…
thanks for the birthday wishes  what a great group of ak students  looking forward to hearing results of…
americans on  snap  deserve opportunities  41% of americans living in poverty view their circumstances as temporary …
great lunch w/ the greenville rotary club  we had a good discussion about some of the successes we ve had in the ho…
i was glad to have the  transport highways and transit subcommittee chairman  repsamgraves with me  he s an importa…
thanks  nationalcorn president  kskunes for stopping by this week to discuss trade and the upcoming farm bill 
looking forward to  realdonaldtrump s first state of the union tonight  hoping to hear about the benefits of the…
rt  realdonaldtrump  house of representatives needs to pass government funding bill tonight  so important for our country - our military ne…
rt  waysandmeansgop  breaking  house follows up historic tax reform by passing multiple bipartisan bills to redesign the irs for the first…
if we fail to act in syria  & if we fail to lead  we are failing humanity  we must learn from history  learn from…
full cmte advanced 32 bills at markup today  25 of which are aimed at combating the opioid crisis &gt &gt 
big win for woodbine -  4m in federal funding to construct new sanitary sewer system  vital to public health of loc…
 this reform bill would strengthen the ada and protect small business owners  
today  housescience unanimously approved the alstar act  which will ensure a bright future & long term stability fo…
visited the family-owned lmc industries today  they ve partnered with  gojeffco on an innovative apprenticeship pro…
wishing the happiest of birthdays to the most caring mother of four  to the most loving grandmother of 16  and to t…
rt  plymouthmn_gov  we re so excited to welcome top teams from around the county to the plymouth ice center march 22-26 for the  usahockey…
fully automatic weapons are subject to highly restrictive regulation and any device that essentially turns a semiau…
  potus  realdonaldtrump speaking about workforce development - an issue that is so important in  tn03  and for all children   sotu 
rt  rep_stevewomack  productive discussion with small business leaders of centerton  i enjoyed listening to their stories about how taxref…
read the letter i sent president trump expressing concerns over the tariffs he announced and sharing feedback from…
icymi  this week the committee will hold a legislative hearing and two joint hearings with  vachair to receive the…
check out my highlights from last nights  sotu  ---&gt   state of the union 2018 
western colorado is home to vast natural resources  which is why at an energy & manufacturing forum this week  i sp…
transparency is so important  especially relating to  fisa  and surveillance as they impact on the rights of america…
my statement on the passing of former ohio congressman ralph regula 
had the chance to sit down with the northeast indiana disability advocacy coalition and down syndrome association o…
rt  _cityofauburn   mayorquill   councilorjimmyg and  _cityofauburn staff joined  repjohnkatko today to discuss water quality and combating…
rt  ornl  ornl has developed a plantbased plastic that conducts electricity and can be programmed to remember its shape  this novel mate…
rebuilding and modernizing rural infrastructure is critical for my constituents in  ga12   thankfully   potus under…
with new technologies always changing  it is important to remain up-to-date on ways to avoid being wrongfully taken…
rt  houseappropsgop  news  bill to fund the  deptofdefense re-introduced
citing taxreform   lowes announced this week that it would pay a one-time bonus of  1 000 for more than 260 000 ho…
met w/ the founder & ceo of ameritek int  to discuss his manufacturing business & how tax reform is benefiting it …
thanks to  usdard for supporting the chatom police department with a grant for the purchase of a new tahoe to replace outdated vehicles 
every day  companies large and small are announcing new employee bonuses and more investment into the economy thank…
during police week2018  we express gratitude for the men & women who dedicate their lives to serving their communit…
rt  natresources  working in a bipartisan manner is what the american people want and expect  today s markup included the passage of sever…
good to be in gardendale for the prayer breakfast hosted by mayor stan hogeland 
click below to view the letter sent by ten of my colleagues and me to acting director mick mulvaney supporting his…
subscribe to my enewletter for the latest updates on harvey  the recovery process  tx14 news  and more →
rt  foxnews    replukemesser   president  realdonaldtrump is showing that peace through strength is working  and the only reason that the e…
just wrapped up speaking to the  slmirotaryclub about the  tcja   reforming dodd-frank  and the great lakes  thank y…
working across the aisle and with  potus i know we can put an end to the opioid crisis once and for all…
rt  housegop  rt to agree → ensuring the safety and security of america is one of our highest priorities  that is why we provided the large…
chairman  repmarkwalker  let s be clear  democrats are holding funding for our troops hostage for 700k illegal immi…
america s economic and national security—not to mention the daily lives of its people—depend on the availability of…
as a result of the tax cutsand jobs act and a reduction in the federal corporate income tax  ku and lg&e customers wi…
statement on shutdown contingencies 
our nation has been immensely blessed by the life and ministry of billy graham  who inspired hope and spread the me…
rt  senatemajldr  along with  rephalrogers  i m looking to refocus the appalachian regional commission to better serve those it was designe…
the pittenger family is wishing you a very merry christmas  god bless you 
cathy - i expect the transcripts to be publicly released  there is bipartisan support on committee to do so  timing…
rt  housejudiciary  music modernization act coming to the congress for a vote tomorrow 
need help with a federal agency  today  our  va05  team is holding mobile office hours in brunswick  fauquier …
we are so close to fixing the nation s broken immigration system  i m confident we can find a common-ground solutio…
we re celebrating tax day this year because next year a typical family of 4 in ny27 will save  1 875 on their tax b…
our local breweries & distilleries like  southerngracenc are incredible economic drivers  the tax cutsand jobs act ha…
today we celebrate those who have led our great nation  happy president s day 
rt  alabamaftbl  roll tide
rt  jeffsolochek    repgusbilirakis calls added resource officers for  pascoschools a  no brainer 
thanks to  davita in topeka for the opportunity to visit with folks who will benefit from legislation…
our veterans pledge to sacrifice all for the sake of our nation s freedoms – they should receive the best of care w…
  chuckplunkett has long been a pillar of colorado s civic dialogue  and his departure from the  denverpost is a lo…
it s american craft beer week  i m a proud member of the small brewers caucus where i work w/ small brewers to help…
i was honored to receive the award for conservative excellence from  acuconservative for my commitment to america s…
chairman  usreprodney  this important legislation ensures that funding is targeted to maintaining the health and sa…
rt  speakerryan  so pleased her procedure was successful  wishing  flotus a full and speedy recovery 
customers of kentucky utilities and lg&e will receive an estimated  177 million in savings thanks to the…
rt  dave_brown24  today s  dailyondefense was packed  and i can t say enough about the work of  travis_tritten and  jamiejmcintyre  thornbe…
it has only been a few months  and our pro-growth tax reform is already improving the lives of families  workers  a…
great to see dr  blumstein from  wakehealth in dc today  we talked about issues important to the emergency physicia…
let me tell you something right now   diamondandsilk is not terrorism 
rt  caseycagle  good work helping ga families w/ tax reform  repbuddycarter  repdrewferguson  karenhandel  reprobwoodall  austinscottga08  …
while traveling indiana last weekend  kathy and i were happy to pause and celebrate ryan s first confession  an imp…
rt  housescience   not only is  lamarsmithtx21 pushing for the use of transparent science at federal agencies  he is also working to expose…
rt  joelmorenokomo  regarding an immigration reform proposal out of the white house today  rep  dan newhouse  r-washington  says  this is a…
it s tax day – our annual reminder that it s time for a simpler and fairer tax code
this afternoon  i stopped by  magpies_gifts  one of the many  tx22  small businesses that create jobs & drive our lo…
rt  freedomcaucus  statement from hfc chairman  repmarkmeadows on trump administration s immigration reform policies 
rt  sbgc2c    replahood on  nafta    we can look at ways to tweak it and fix it  and that s what i told the president  but we shouldn t be t…
recently met with members from the nebraska soybean association to discuss trade and renewable fuels  thanks for yo…
attacks to undermine our democracy cannot be tolerated  i am pleased that sanctions have been imposed on russian en…
icymi – today i sent a letter to  sec and  cftc with  repjaredpolis and  repdavid encouraging limited regulation so…
i voted to fund the government  fully fund our military  and support a bipartisan budget measure that includes prov…
rt  uscg   i think that it s really important for females entering the coast guard to challenge yourself and to work to be seen as an equal…
my full statement on not seeking re-election in 2018 
may marks the 38th annual building safety month - a public awareness campaign that focuses on how to create safe and…
translation  sub d c c p to examine quantum computing at hearing next week 🖥️ &gt &gt 
 i ve heard over and over  don  we need to fix the problem    repdonbacon
proud of the work we ve done on the national defense authorization act  especially the much-deserved 2 4% pay raise…
tonight  the united states stood with our allies  great britain and france  to take decisive action against a murde…
rt  usoofnc  day 2 of the  ftbraggnc transition expo hosted by uso of nc &  sflftbragg kicks off with some advice from brig  gen  brunson —…
do you know a greene co  veteran whose services deserves to be honored in the annual greene co  honor a vet ceremon…
julio barela was a man of strength & courage  he embodied the qualities we have come to use when defining the great…
happy 242nd birthday to  usmc  thank you for your service and sacrifice  usmc24  semper fi
happy to join carol on  cnn newsroom this morning to discuss national security and pres  obama s upcoming town hal…
rt  12newsnow  if you believe that you need to evacuate from your home because of rising flood waters in beaumont  call 311 for assistance
the u s  air force officially announced that our nation s new aerial tanker  the kc-46a   
rt  househomeland  the committee had all paws on deck at the oversight and management efficiency subcommittee hearing today 🐾
rt  tedschubel  audio  1st district congressman rob wittman talks about a symposium he s holding at the umw stafford campus on career and…
just met up with  repdankildee in birch run and got him a blt from tony s to settle our wager on this year s…
hometown idol caleb lee hutchinson of dallas  ga is taking the stage this week in the top 7 of american idol  let s…
this presidents day we celebrate and honor the service of all u s  presidents past and present 
rt  speakerryan  i congratulate president moon on the inter-korean summit  and look forward to specific and demonstrable actions from north…
rt  senjohnmccain  important  militarytimes   the death toll for rising aviation accidents  133 troops killed in five years 
rt  outnumberedot  happy valentine s day from team outnumbered o t  today s guests include   repmarkwalker  repgaramendi  gopchairwoman…
rt  repmccaul  tune in shortly as i deliver the state of national security address 
rt  repbost  one of my proudest accomplishments in congress was getting signed into law my bill to streamline the veterans  benefits appeal…
this happy occasion brings tons of positive changes  lower tax rates for americans that let families keep more of their hard-earned money 
 thejohnsonpost  politico according to you  a person is only a legislator if they vote according to your wishes  we…
rt  cathymcmorris  the  houseagnews passage of this farm bill is also about a better future for work-capable adults who have found themsel…
congratulations to university prep high school from redding  ca  good luck in the national science bowl finals in d…
today is national vietnam war veterans day  thank you to our vietnam veterans 
 i m humbled and honored my colleagues have placed their faith in me to do this job – and i m ready to get to work …
happy pi day 
it is crucial to have a program like  vita  so taxpayers can get the assistance they need to ensure an accurate ret…
rt  daveloebsack  honored to join  repryancostello to intro a resolution designating the week of april 23-27 as  skills for today week  to…
rt  bird_aggievb  the most epic in-state rivalry atmosphere will never get old    👍 aggiebaseball  rob_childress hang upand hang out saw em of…
chairman  repgoodlatte   as we review the proposed merger between cvs health and aetna inc   we should examine the…
general kelly is absolutely right   tps  immigrants are contributing to communities like so fla every day  they woul…
rt  washuscott  nw al officials meeting w  robert_aderholt to discuss broadband issues affecting rural alabama
in case you missed it in cq  faa authorization headed for house floor next week read it here …
while negotiations continue as we seek a solution to the democrats government shutdown  i will be donating all of m…
rt  repstevechabot  great morning addressing  nadco504 s spring summit  thank you for all you do for america s small businesses 
she left behind a legacy of grace  dignity  and class--and the entire country will miss her for it  prayers for the…
rt  healthylakes  in an editorial in the  lsjnews  repmikebishop explains why he supports restoring funding to the  glri  and why great lake…
rt  holly_harris  we ll unveil eye-popping new national  usjusticeaction polling with  robertblizzard  repdougcollins  repjeffries on all i…
tax cuts  regulatory reform  restoring law & order  repealing obamacare s individual mandate  reasserting america s…
  dasani38 thanks for your question  ask buddy
rt  columbiacityhs  vote for your favorite artwork  cchs students have submitted artwork for representative jim  repjimbanks competition -…
rt  housejudiciary  we must secure the border  end the visa lottery  move to a merit based immigration system  and end chain migration   so… 
for those in  pa15  who need help reaching family & loved ones in pr  contact the pr gov s office  ☎️ 202 -778-0710
talked with fema today  i spent the morning on the phone with local officials  the ema…
rt  senpatroberts  enjoyed talking with  cjonline s steve fry about my uncle frank s incredible story of rescuing men aboard the uss panay …
today we are one step closer to overhauling our tax code and seizing a once-in-a-generation opportunity to allow ha…
 the budget includes  636 million to accelerate development of an exascale computing system  including  473 million…
i am deeply saddened by the passing of senator wayne norman  maryland has lost a great public servant  and i will k…
today s spotlight is on station   1 hollis fire & rescue for  al03  first responder friday …
rt  repmarkmeadows  here s the bottom line  the doj/fbi must operate with greater transparency and turn over more documents with fewer reda…
join me today in taking a moment to thank the valiant men and women in blue who dedicate their lives to protecting…
tax reform works- here are the businesses in ny who have seen the benefits of the new tax code 
rt  usreplong  may marks military appreciation month  i want to take this time and thank all of our brave men and women for their service an…
 kellyboldt  govmurphy  tonybucco  anthonymbucco my staff will reach out to jcp&l congressional affairs for action …
energy independence is a worthy goal  but the plan to get there should not include wa s coast  today  i joined…
rt  cathymcmorris  to ensure funds are used effectively  it requires states that receive doj grants for pre-trial services to report the am…
always good to catch up and stay tuned for action on juvenile justice reform j j d p amatters  mn02 
more great news from tax reform  we are seeing the impacts right here in  ga12  at southwire s plant in douglas  ga 
2/2 one revenue source that should be considered is a new american infrastructure bank that leverages private inves…
billy graham had a great influence on millions of people  inspiring generations of christians around the world  res…
we are on day two of democrats prioritizing illegal immigrants over children s healthcare  our men and women in uni…
rt  robertharding  at capitol dinner   repjohnkatko asks secretary of state rex tillerson for help with lake ontario water levels
at the salem senior center  i spoke to the senior residents about their concerns regarding social security   medica…
my staff and i are safe  praying for  stevescalise  congressional staff and  capitolpolice officers involved 
from the state house to this house  my staff and i have been working to end human trafficking  it is a national tra…
drra has passed the house  my bill will help communities across the nation build better and smarter by incentivizin…
hoosiers get it  targeting the constitutional rights of law-abiding gun owners is not the answer  i applaud…
tune in live on my facebook   repjeffdenham  at 2 30 p m  et/11 30 a m  pt for a live press conference on…
just announced  the committee will hold two legislative hearings and a field hearing in fayetteville  nc  next week…
icymi  rep  costello comments on gun violence and importance of moving related legislation
rt  stevescalise  american workers have received over  3 billion in bonuses so far from over 300 companies thanks to the tax cuts and jobs…
tune in to  newsradio570 where i ll be joining  petekaliner to talk taxreform  concealedcarry  and more  listen l…
rt  rodneydavis  preparations are underway for rev  graham to lay in honor in the u s  capitol   my home is in heaven  i m just traveling t…
florida residents  beware of fraud  scams and price gouging via  fema
rt  housegop  three important days to remember  ✔ new years day - america will have a new tax code for a new era  ✔ february 1  2018 - loo…
tonight on the steps of our gadsden office  80 high school students took their military oaths  they are going into…
did you know small businesses create 63% of new jobs  let s celebrate the engines of michigan s job growth througho…
we need chip and responsible government funding… senate democrats won t give us either  schumer shutdown  mn02 
great to speak to juniors at gross catholic about what s currently happening in washington  go cougars   gchscougars
rt  waysandmeansgop  our bold tax reform delivers a tax code so simple that 9/10 americans will be able to file their taxes on a form as si…
a little snow on the ground won t stop us    had a great meeting with the  missourichamber today and got to show d …
ignorance of the law is not an acceptable excuse for endangering our national security  clinton emails
 2/2   deptofdefense focus should be on fighting and winning our nation s wars  not advancing a political cause at…
this is alarming and unacceptable  i look forward to holding the va accountable for making the improvements they h…
great to spend labor day in mendham 
good to be on  bloombergtv today with  tomkeene and  flacqua to talk about tariffs  the u s -china trade relationsh…
scott garrett will do great at the ex-im bank  i support his effort to make healthier & more transparent capital markets 
rt  ledgeropinion  good luck cong  ross  this behavior undermines our government 
f i s a memo release
in line w/my continued calls 4 accountability  the perpetrators of this horrific attack are being brought to justice
we are discussing the challenges and opportunities in financial technology   fintech   marketplace-aka bitcoin  ven…
it s finally here  the inaugural flight of china airlines  daily non-stop service from ontario  ca to taiwan is mak…
thank you for joining us   il14  opioid epidemic
chairman bishop   repjenniffer is doing a great job  she has a solid plan to move statehood for puerto rico forward…
question 5  did comey give his memo s  to anyone else 
wind chills are dangerously low across mi01  please exercise caution 
though now 75 years ago  we remain forever grateful for their courage & their sacrifice  pearl harbor remembrance day…
claim by  centeronbudget  work requirements will kick 1 000 000 snap recipients off of the rolls  fact  no one is k…
the mueller investigation has dragged on for nearly a year  costing millions of dollars  without producing any evid…
rt  nata1950  thank you  austinscottga08 for meeting with our georgia ats  chd2018   natachd2018   gatainfo
what a great story  thank you for your service 
 tbt  to last week when we learned about the classified memo prepared by the house permanent select committee on int…
we must hold iran accountable for their countless human rights violations  i m proud to have cosponsored this bill…
rt  houseappropsgop  watch live at 10 am  the lhhs subcommittee holds a hearing on the corporation for public broadcasting s budget 
rt  vp  honored to join  potus  the law enforcement community  & families of our fallen for the annual peace officers memorial day service to…
rt  tnrighttolife  thank you pro life tn  repdianeblack for sponsoring this 
officer pitts was born in vincennes  indiana and dedicated his life to the security and protection of his community…
rt  housecommerce  🚨 the house is voting on final passage of the  nwpaa  now  📺 --&gt 
rt  waysandmeansgop  after tax reform jobless claims have fallen to the lowest level in 45 years  read more in  dcexaminer ⬇️
chairman  repmarkwalker  fix our broken immigration system without giving in to amnesty
rt  aan  due to the tax cuts and jobs act  an average family of four in  ia01  will see a  2 564 tax cut  thank  reprodblum for his dedicati…
arlington is hallowed ground  honored to pay respects and lay wreath on behalf of  wa04  at tomb of the unknown sold…
we need to make washington work better for coloradans  our burrowing prevention bill does just that 
one of our favorite stats about small business week  according to  nfib  small biz are the most optimistic they ve b…
 these bills are about helping main street   -chairman  rephensarling on the two bipartisan financial services bill…
lots of innovation and entrepreneurship coming out of  wi08   congrats to this team of students from  lawrenceuni wh…
while the exemption of some u s  trading partners is a step in the right direction  these tariffs remain too broad…
schedule update  thursday s business meeting and full committee markup have been postponed 
legislation to expand access to adult day health care is headed to  potus  desk  read  drphilroe and  repleezeldin …
rt  citiz4solutions    congmikesimpson &  usreprodney deserve applause for securing funding for programs that foster cleanenergy and stora…
visiting washington d c  this spring  my staff is happy to assist you in scheduling tours of d c  s most popular si…
the c h o i c eact supports growth on main street while holding wall street accountable  my statement here …
looking forward to having  potus in oh today to talk about his proposal for rebuilding infrastructure in america wh…
tune in to watch my  househomeland subcmte hearing on improving aviation security --&gt 
rt  morning_joe    repcharliedent  concerned about  drama  chaos  instability and dysfunction  coming out of the wh  watch full clip 
rt  housecommerce  live now  sub energy convenes hearing on  oversight of the federal energy regulatory commission and the fy2019 budget  …
looking forward to working with  realdonaldtrump on this initiative  space force space corps  hasc 
met with minnesota members of  nabtweets in a throwback to my broadcasting days to discuss their work in providing…
as we prepare to celebrate the holidays  i wish you and your family a merry christmas 
great to visit w/ hadley smith of cheyenne whose piece  working cowgirl  won the  ok03  congressional art competition 
rt  nealdenton  on tax day - let s protect giving  the charity community is grateful to  repmarkwalker   call_me_dutch   congbillposey   …
happening now   househomeland subcommittee hearing examining cost overruns and schedule delays associated with…
protecting american sovereignty and the american people is a constitutional requirement of the federal government 
the va accountability act  passed by congress and signed into law by  potus  was an important step forward in bette…
rt  nrha_advocacy  thank you  repadriansmith for your work to ensure that rural providers are not burdened by unnecessary regulations rura…
important conversation with the indiana state health commissioner  dr  kristina box on continuing work to address t…
  mrsb1stgraders thanks for your question  ask buddy
great learning about the operations of skc  a company that produces polyester films and photovoltaic materials  and…
great op-ed  recently introduced the earmark elimination act of 2018  this bill will ban earmarks forever  earmar…
the committee has a full week of budget and oversight hearings  view our schedule here →
reminder  members of congress from the north texas delegation and your u s  senators are hosting a service academy…
today s allocation of  790m brings florida s total cdbg-dr funding to  1 3b  these funds are critical to communiti…
just 43 days into governor brown s gas tax hike and already sacramento is looking for new ways to make you pay even…
rt  housejudiciary    tgowdysc   serve  defend  protect    law enforcement officers are willing to do what most of us are not willing to do…
rt  theaamft   repjohnkatko  repthompson  repstefanik  repzoelofgren  repraskin  juliabrownley26  repjohnfaso  repdavidyoung  reptipton  re…
rt  cjdlobbyist   ncsrccarpenters welcomed  repjasonlewis back to their training facility for an update on jobs  infrastructure and the eco…
president obama s decision to enter into the nuclear  deal  with iran was the biggest u s  foreign policy mistake…
the deadline for military academy nominations is quickly approaching  oct  5   pa10  apply here &gt &gt &gt 
congratulating  senorrinhatch &  senalexander for their leadership in introducing the music modernization act in the…
w/ senate passage   librarycongress is now one step away from recording stories of vets who did not return to the h…
just now --&gt  the house took an important to step in the fight to end online human trafficking  i am proud to be a c…
rt  wyrz989  icymi   repjimbanks speaks on amendment to recognize smith field in fort wayne as national airmail museum -
and just like that  she s a  utsa grad 🎓👏🏾🌟 congrats kayla  prouduncle
rt  westerncaucus  yesterday   natlparkservice and  interior  secretaryzinke listened to our request from friday and announced a delay to p…
posey to award medal of merit to high school students
rev  graham s legacy will forever live in the hearts of americans r i p billy graham
joining  1450whtc live now for my weekly q&a  tune in &gt &gt 
tune in   10 am et  7 am pt  to the  houseappropsgop markup of the 2017 labor   hhs  & education funding bill 
investing in our workforce is investing in america and americans   sotu 
i oppose this 2 200 page   1 3 trillion spending bill b/c it fails to deliver on key conservative priorities  it do…
i ll be hosting a telephone town hall at 6 00 pm this evening  here s link to join online &gt &gt 
starting a  housecommerce hearing about data privacy with facebook ceo mark zuckerberg
congratulations to our benton harbor tigers  champs
chairman  rephensarling applauds acting  cfpbdirector mulvaney s call for review of  cfpb practices  payday lending…
rt  acscanin  thank you   susanwbrooks for co-sponsoring the removing barriers to colorectal cancer screening act  this bill protects our s…
a significant amount of america s agricultural products are exported through our ports  ensuring the safety of our…
spoke to ffa leaders from across the country this morning at  usda  including  ffaok president  hughbanksridge & se…
i was honored to have  secretarycarson join me in the sixth district and on  larrygloverlive to discuss the ways we…
forcing a vote on a 2 232 page bill 14 hours after releasing the text was absolutely unreasonable  congress needs t…
icymi  i went to the floor this week to highlight businesses in  ga03  who have already benefited from tax reform  y…
productive meeting this morning with consul general of canada  cgyaffe on security  counter-terrorism & economic is…
in 2016 2 831 texans died of an opioid overdose  sat  4/28  is natl rx drug take back day to help stop opioid drug…
rt  uschamber  houston s russell marine llc is putting tax cuts to work in  repkevinbrady   repkenmarchant   samspressshop and  replloyddog…
opioid crisis = public health emergency  this declaration gives communities more resources to fight back  sayfie
rt  housegop  thanks to the tax cutsand jobs act  small businesses all across america are investing in their operations  giving workers a rai…
so many talented high school artists in  ar3   cast your vote for the people s choice winner …
the rsc has continually pushed for tougher measures against the iranian regime to combat its worldwide aggression …
  repwalterjones  speakerryan that day the speaker went from totally blocking your bill to claiming it was part of…
rt  soar_eky  congratulations to johnson county s own  chrisstapleton for already winning two grammy awards tonight  one for country song…
honored to be joining  vp next week as part of the u s  delegation to the pyeonchang winter olympics  looking forwa…
rt  riponadvance   this is another short-sighted decision by the administration   says  repcurbelo re ending honduran tps
it is wholly befitting that reverend graham lies in honor in the u s  capitol as our nation recognizes his incredib…
rt  reptomsuozzi  great op-ed from  senevanbayh on the opioid crisis  he mentions my bipartisan bill with  repjohnkatko as a great example…
big job fair this thursday  april 12 in new braunfels at central texas technology center -&gt 
 the secret strength of a nation is found in the faith that abides in the hearts and homes of the country   -- re…
thanks to tax reform   kroger is investing in their employees by offering up to  3 500 per year in education assist…
icymi  bergman applauds long overdue defense department audit  read my full statement here —&gt 
hyde amendment s 40th anniversary today  no tax   should pay for abortion  over 2 million lives saved …
per my request  briefing by fbi for judiciary & oversight members scheduled for tuesday regarding parkland killer …
🚨 house votes to repeal harmful bcfp auto lending guidance
rt  trish_regan  excessive spending kills growth  time to get our house in order says  repdesantis - rightly so 
rt  secpompeo  i had productive meetings in pyongyang with chairman kim jong-un and made progress  i m delighted to bring home three americ…
enjoyed talking in-studio with  foxbusiness this morning about how main street optimism is at an all-time high  che…
how do you plan to watch  sotu  
great news - the 2018 farm bill was passed out of committee yesterday  the 2018 farm bill will give certainty to fa…
rt  repgoodlatte  the events that unfolded in parkland  florida this afternoon are heartbreaking  please join me in praying for the student…
honored to bring the va and 30  organizations that serve our veterans to greensboro to help our heroes  at our vete…
rt  camp_lejeune  happening now  mcieast deputy commander  col  michael scalise  along with jay jensen   nfwfnews  gordon myers   ncwildlif…
rt  repdianadegette  pleased to work w/ reptomreed on a bipartisan bill we ve introduced to expand medicare coverage for diabetes self-ca…
rt  therealablakeh  thank you  repcurbelo for signing on to the  repgusbilirakis - green fy2019 appropriations letter supporting the effort…
this equal pay day i am proud to announce that once again i am a cosponsor the paycheck fairness act …
 indivisibleca48 thugs r the holier-than-thou politicos obstructing my congressional staff from their job of helping seniors  vets & others
thanks to mt  vernon s third graders for talking with me about the three branches of the u s  government this morni…
news   walmart &  samsclub pharmacies will limit the supply of 1st time opioid rxs  an effort aimed at clamping d…
my op-ed on tax reform was published in today s wall street journal  read it here 
happy st patricks day i hope to see many of you in savannah today  have a safe and fun day 
it was a pleasure meeting with you two  i appreciate your insight and advocacy on behalf of  ga10    aarp2018 
  repdennisross  in the last fiscal year  the ig community used its  2 7 billion dollar budget to identify potentia…
starting this saturday  march 3  all  fema harvey disaster recovery centers will close at 1pm on saturdays  more i…
happy national small business week to the 30 million small businesses that are the backbone of our communities    in…
updated information from  redcross  
es bochornoso que ortega intente ocultar sus errores bloqueando los medios  el pueblo de nicaragua merece protesta…
with the new tax bill  families will be able to deduct  24 000 from their income – an increase of about  12 000  th…
rt  congboyle  proud to lead a bipartisan effort with  repchrissmith urging the usda to abandon its current proposal to outsource oversight…
with so fla s small business economy ranking in the top 10 nationwide  smallbiz makes up roughly 90% of our jobs …
that so many members of the press take issue with the  historical and current reality  of jerusalem as capital of i…
rt  housecommerce  icymi  sub health chairman  michaelcburgess leads special order on the house floor on the opioid crisis &gt &gt 
i sent this bipartisan letter to guatemalan president jimmy morales urging the government of guatemala to do more t…
illegal border crossings cause  ✔️ environmental damage ✔️ increased wildfires ✔️ drug smuggling ✔️ human traffick…
rt  illinois200  today begins the yearlong bicentennial celebration  for more information about how to get involved with the bicentennial a…
opportunity zones could help to revitalize struggling areas that have been ignored for far too long  already in wes…
  navient  delinquencies in the federal loan program have declined 22% since 2013   g o p future millennials
 anncoulter is stark but on point far more than the anti-ar-15ers  nikolas cruz would have found another weapon & i…
rt  repdennyheck  individuals with questions about their friends and family on amtrak train 501 should call 800-523-9101
rt  uwci  the parade of heroes and agencies is getting started  uwci100
elder hales was a powerful and humble leader who blessed the lives of millions  i will miss his humor and spiritual…
getting ready to join  scotthennen on  wzfgradio for my weekly talk radio town hall  listen live here 
happening now   rephuizenga chairs our hearing on oversight of the sec s division of corporation finance  tune in …
wishing a very happy mother s day to my mom  my wife and all  tx22  moms 
dilly dilly
to receive updates on lilac fire and liberty fire be sure to follow  calfiresandiego  important information on safe…
met with florida troops serving overseas  what a privilege  true patriots keeping america safe  sayfie
this morning energy and commerce committee is deeply engaged in adopting 29 bills dealing with opioids and treatmen…
students from  myzvilleschools submitted the below pieces  each is unique & portrays something completely different…
rt  reparrington  our proposed reforms to the snap program are common sense  common decency  and compassionate  work-capable adults should…
medical imaging alliance names costello  legislator of the year 
tax reform is ➡️ 👩‍🏭creating more job opportunities 💡helping to lower millions of utility bills 📈changing econom…
rt  kmpperry  a5  by working in cooperation with partner countries  bipartisan members of congress  other ngos  and the private sector  we…
rt  realdonaldtrump  our entire nation  w/one heavy heart  continues to pray for the victims & their families in parkland  fl  to teachers …
rt  walkingonestop  walking one stop honors  walk of fame  🌟 repcurbelo
enjoyed meeting idahoans who are part of rare disease legislative advocates  a program that advocates for all rare…
veterans service organizations are rallying around the va mission act  here s what they re saying 
griffith responds to mcauliffe letter on chip
couldn t have asked for a better way to start the day  thanks so much for stopping by and sharing your issues  look…
meet the smucker brothers  glad we were able to capture our new album cover photo while they were in washington th…
rt  foxnews    darrellissa   america s negotiating out of strength  not out of weakness   outnumbered o t
great to be at pioneer days in 29palms yesterday  great people and a great celebration   ca08 
rt  natsweetsisters  check out  reeceohmer on  whmi talking about  amdiabetesassn and sharing why advocacy and  c2… 
rt  charlotte49erfb  congratulations to cam clark  jeff gemmell  tyriq harris and benny lemay for being chosen by their teammates to be the…
if you re in the burwell area this morning  be sure to stop by the hub to join our discussion 
over 500 companies have announced bonuses  wage increases  or increased investment into employee benefits since…
looks like  starbucks management needs remedial anti-bias instruction before mentoring anyone else in its ranks  th…
it was a pleasure speaking with bradley whitford about environmental issues today-something we re both passionate…
as  epa  admin   agscottpruitt will bring a rational  constitutional  and federalist perspective to environmental stewardship  confirmpruitt
chairman  mactxpress joined  speakerryan to emphasize the importance of passing the omnibus package to our troops …
great discussion on strengthening technology education in  wi08  with staff from  greenbayschools  thanks for coming…
i know firsthand that attending  tamu is a life-changing experience & i cherish the educational opportunities i had…
the indiana department of homeland security and fema will host meetings to address damage from the severe weather a…
happy president s day  here s how to properly display the american flag today in honor of our first potus  george w…
yesterday a group of  alabama4h students came by my office  i enjoyed hearing their recommendations about ways we c…
my staff were able to visit dakota county technical college to discuss their collaborative efforts with local emplo…
welcome home  we are proud of you and deeply appreciate your service 
rt  justinamash  like the obama administration  the trump administration is wrong  get congressional authorization or bring our forces home…
take a look at this  heraldtribune editorial and let me know if you agree  this is how congress should work  sayfie
rt  workforcega  🚨job fair alert🚨  repdrewferguson will host his spring job fair march 29th in carrollton  georgia  check the link for det…
sec division of corporation finance director testifies before subcommittee  sec 
just now  the house just passed hr 2266 - providing an additional  36 billion for disaster relief for puerto rico  tx  fl and ca 
rt  whitehouse  hardworking taxpayers will see more money in their paychecks as a result of the tax cuts and jobs act signed into law by pr…
rt  repmartharoby  this is great news  by signing  fosta  into law  the administration has made it crystal clear that our country will no lo…
grateful for the work of safesport president & ceo shellie pfohl to keep our young athletes safe from abuse as they…
questions about what the house did when passing  fisa702  reauthorization this week  how do we balance guarding pers…
for too long  bad-actor websites have operated with impunity in selling young women and girls forced into the comme…
the number of babies suffering from the opioid-withdrawal condition known as neonatal abstinence syndrome is on the…
rt  grpress  9 west michigan events honoring veterans day this weekend
in the first full committee markup  e&c advanced 25 bipartisan bills to combat the opioidcrisis
i was fortunate to spend the morning with the employees at coca-cola bottling company in montgomery  thanks for giv…
being able to secure the release of three prisoners held by north korea is already showing the difference between f…
2pm storm update from indian river county
a hard working family of 4 earning a median income of  73 000 a year gets 2059more back in their pocket each year 
rt  housejudiciary  a personal story from  tgowdysc about the importance of forensic science ⬇️
it s time to renegotiate the iran deal  my full statement below 
insurance regulators should evaluate products and activities for risks to consumers  w/o burdensome bureaucracy 
   following the war  also fighting to further the rights of women  he is a giant of american history  a fighter fo…
i support  potus s decision to withdraw from the folly that is the iran deal  a nation that promotes terror interna…
rep  sensenbrenner will close out his week of townhall meetings today in hartland & fort atkinson …
the pettiness of the memos is striking  comey clearly had it out for trump from the beginning 
 the idea that there s something like half a billion dollars in there for gateway is a bright story about bipartisa…
rt  jonathanwashko   amerambassoc  northwellcems  repchrissmith thank you rep smith for honoring our ems star of life emt mazzo
please join me today on vietnam war veterans day to honor and thank those who served our country during the…
rt  usccb  usccb president offers condolences on the death of the rev  billy graham read more 
we must work together to combat the opioidcrisis through prevention  treatment  and law enforcement efforts  had a…
thank you for coming in  it was nice to meet with you in midland today and to discuss the legislation 
 kusmer bbc covers alfie by skipping the core issue and addressing the hospital worker perspective  meanwhile there…
rt  housecommerce   greggharper this important bipartisan legislation authorizes  8 billion to help address our aging drinking water deliv…
wishing a happy hanukkah to all those celebrating tonight 
reminder  i am hosting a town hall meeting tomorrow  february 10th at the waukesha city hall at 9 00am  i look forw…
proud to lead house-passage of king cove road land exchange act  a matter of life or death for people of king cove …
i want to thank dr  collins & his team for accepting my invitation to visit the university of florida  the faculty …
enjoyed getting to visit with the eaton family of anniston and reaves family of mumford today…
chairman  usreprodney served his constituents honorably in the house for 2  decades  throughout my time serving wit…
rt  houseagnews  this morning  chairman  conawaytx11 recognized el campo  tx  for its kindness following a car accident that affected 2 ho…
follow these emergency mgmt accounts for live updates on hurricane irma hurricaneirma2017 hurricane irma tracking
 brandonrittiman we would never leave you behind  brandonrittiman  so far you have an additional  1008/yr  - let me know 
today  we renew our commitment to never forget the men  women  and children  including six million jews  who were s…
rt  murphindc    epascottpruitt answered questions yesterday from  reprichhudson about gen x  pruitt said new toxicity report will be avail…
today my bill  h r  3607  to assure continued operation of the yosemite medical clinic passed the natural resources…
tahoe restoration act of 2015 introduced - addresses catastrophic wildfire and invasive species threats and also  
glad to join my congressional colleagues as president trump signs the nasa budget 
thank you  realdonaldtrump  our farmers deserve nothing but the best  and it is about time rural america is on a le…
the cornyn - feinstein  fix  allows bureaucrats to deprive the constitutionally protected right to keep & bear arms…
the last time we updated our email privacy laws  i looked like this   ecpa 
today is a day national day of prayer for harvey victims  our national response  and recovery efforts  1/2
 ff   jaketapper
a red line has been crossed with assad s use of chemical weapons against innocent civilians  if there is not a cre…
always glad to hear florida students are improving statewide  but especially proud to see  mdcps 4th grade student…
the committee has adopted a manager s amendment  offered by chairman  congmikesimpson  to the energy and water bill…
reminder  submissions for the 2018-2019 congressional art competition are due to my sugar land office on tuesday  ma…
watch as  virginiafoxx questions the ceo of  nationalservice on accountablity and the ablity to safeguard taxpayer…
our forests are full of fuels  to conduct a controlled burn during one of the windiest seasons in recent memory is…
what a great happenstance that i was wearing  cranberry-red  for my meeting today with malcolm and ardelle mcphail…
rt  foxnews    toddrokita  the president is exactly right…if we re going to be a sovereign nation  we ve got to have a border   foxandfrien…
trump is right  the swamp filled  1 3 trillion omnibus does not fund the border wall 
  senjohnmccain is resolute & has a fighter s spirit  pam & i offer our prayers & best wishes to he & his family as he fights this cancer 
it was an honor to take part in the christening ceremony of delbert d  black d d g119 - a…
one of the best compliments a farmer-turned-lawmaker can get   she plowed the ground  planted the seed and harveste…
rt  repkevinbrady  tomorrow is the last time you and your family will have to file taxes under a 32-year-old complicated tax code  starting…
rt  secretaryzinke  the  natlparkservice is  11 6 billion behind in maintenance and infrastructure  at  appomattoxnps they are restoring th…
  repmarkwalker  what is humane about keeping people trapped in poverty  our goal should be how do we help people t…
it was a true privilege to meet with students participating in the gorton center global leaders program  run by sen…
10 billion gallons of water released during drought to nudge a handful of steelhead trout toward the ocean c a drought
thank you  waysandmeansgop chairman  repkevinbrady for meeting with representatives from the  salvationarmyus  nati…
now  i m looking forward to using  america s pastime  to build bipartisanship in congress and to support a special charitable cause
the  iioa  would help bring economic growth to distressed communities where jobs are needed the most 
great news  glk foods announced the expansion of its bear creek plant  adding at least 25 jobs in  wi08  
icymi  brightline couldn t answer basic questions yesterday about our safety concerns so they resorted to insults i…
today  as global threats to our safety increase so too must our number of carriers
happy national farmers day to all those who make sure americans have food on the table every day 
icymi  watch my floor speech from last night on the  housefloor where i continue my discussion on the mueller inves…
congress can finally move forward w/ what the american people want & need  fundamental  pro-growth tax reform …
informative tour of the new holland energy park -&gt 
join us next thursday for a vets resource fair at the parkersburg national guard armory  there will be classes abou…
i was honored to have the wielezynski family join me from  oh15  for president macron s address  their commitment to…
great to meet peter chen  director general of the taipei cultural & economic office in houston at the…
good day of constituent meetings in gettysburg  we agreed on some issues  some we didn t  but all great discussions…
  the3rdestimate  a woman owned small construction business in twinsburg  is benefiting big from tax cuts and jobs act…
this saturday  april 28  is national drug take-back day  visit to find a collection site ne…
great to meet w/  milton_biz  they re hard   work to promote biz growth in our local community  thanks for having m…
billy graham
  hurdonthehill  artificial intelligence is a technology that transcends borders 
thanks to  roslehtinen  a tremendous leader and an even better friend 
due to an unavoidable maintenance issue at the va  our office at  vawestpalmbeach will be closed through the rest o…
it was great meeting w/ members of the  idahocattle association today  they were grateful for the work our office h…
rt  coronafiredept  if you see smoke today  don t be alarmed  there is a prescribed burn in the lake matthews area 
met with elder voice family advocates today to discuss ways to prevent elder abuse in nursing homes and assisted li…
rt  gopoversight  live  the subcommittee on interior  energy  and the environment examines the u s  army corps of engineers | chaired by  …
from april 30th to may 4th  all of the submissions for the 2018 congressional art competition from my district are…
the tax cuts and jobs act means a middle income family of four in  ga03  will see a tax cut of  2 173  to get the la…
as we celebrate black history month this february  i encourage you to take the opportunity to read the story of two…
in 2016  52% of california s foreign oil imports came from  🛢️saudi arabia 🛢️iraq 🛢️oman 🛢️kuwait…
each year on earth day  we are reminded of the importance of being good stewards of our environment so that future…
rt  usatoday  astronaut john glenn became the first american in orbit  otd  in 1962   photo  ap 
editorial  water storage projects should go forward before we find ourselves in a crisis of our own making
 fosta  will provide justice for survivors and finally give prosecutors the tools they need to hold websites account…
proud to stand next to my friend and one of the toughest people i know   stevescalise during the  sotu 
rt  reprutherfordfl  i announced the va physician recruitment act to stop the physician shortage at the va  read about it here 
this morning  bi-partisan language i sponsored to crack down on fraud in medicare and medicaid became law
tax reform is about a bolder vision for america s economy  better jobs  higher wages for hardworking american famil…
rt  housegop  the benefits from tax cutsand jobs act just keep getting sweeter and sweeter  employees of mckee foods  america s largest priva…
americans deserve the right to try to save their lives - my statement on the passage of the right to try act of 201…
we honor president abraham lincoln today  on his birthday  and remember his immortal wish that   government of the…
rt  repdavebrat  homeownership rates currently equal the record low of 62 9 percent that was set in 1965 obama recovery
happy mothers day to my mom  my wonderful wife vivien  and all mothers in  ga08   i hope you have a wonderful day su…
tomorrow is d e a take back day - an opportunity to safely dispose of excess prescription drugs  and help fight the…
opening the 1st-ever congressional office inside a va hospital has allowed us to help veterans on the spot  when &…
congrats to smiths station high junior  ragan floyd  on winning the 2018 third congressional district art competiti…
rt  foxandfriends  coming up…   patriotnotpol  tomilahren  eddavis3  realcandaceo   tpusa  jehmu  toddrokita  16integrity13  marcorubio  t…
the tax cutsand jobs act  ✔ encourages job creation ✔ lowers rates for individuals and families ✔ eliminates lo…
rt  edworkforce  today we remember bob dorough—whose songs on school house rock helped teach america s students  im just a bill
we need to take a hard look at government s approach for the last five decades and recognize that it is falling wel…
great discussion about all things dc with my constituents at jimmy s restaurant in santee 
pell grants are vital to students with financial need  donnelly students also utilize the trio program assisting fi…
pleased to see that the house will consider right to try act this week  millions of terminally ill patients deserve…
today we pay our respects to reverend billy graham as he becomes the fourth person to lie in honor in the rotunda o…
congress needs full accounting of how russia investigation started  role of the fbi in procuring infamous steele do…
yesterday  debbie joined u s  secretary of education   betsydevosed  in port aransas to see the rebuilding and reco…
rt  financialcmte  don t miss our hearing with the  federalreserve chairman starting at 10am et ↓
it s time to alleviate the undue burden on religious non-profits under obamacare 
this afternoon i stopped in essex where high school students myranda  dayton  and blu planned a stem festival for t…
rt  readyharris  june 1st  start of hurricane season is   get prepared now  download the readyharris app today to make your plan 
i thank the department of justice for standing together with our law enforcement officers as well as our law abidin…
it was great to meet with you today  thank you for your work at mystic lake 
  senschumer &  senatedems must end their politically motivated shutdown & pass bipartisan house bill that keeps go…
 fosta  brings accountability to the websites that knowingly facilitate -- and profit from -- human sex trafficking …
rt  houseagnews  house members from across the country praise 2018 farm bill  congressmangt  repbobgibbs  repabraham  rephartzler  reprickcr…
rt  toddrokita  taxpayers should never have to pay for the cover up of sexual harassment  that is why i joined  repdesantis on the congres…
rt  repdavebrat  the opioidcrisis is real  and it needs to be addressed now  in virginia  drug overdoses kill more people than motor vehic…
rt  edworkforce  watch  repbyrne speak at the start of today s hearing on the opioid epidemic
our country needs prayer  our leaders need prayer and our people need prayer  prayer is a uniting force that brings…
for  oh02  individuals  tax reform lowers individual tax rates for all income levels  and nearly doubles the standar…
icymi- fy18 transportation bill provides funds to advance vital commuter rail projects in  nj  
such an honor to deliver medals to vietnam  usarmy veteran dennis helmle  his grandson alec  bottom pic  told me th…
i was honored to speak on the house floor last night to remember rev billy graham s legacy  i mourn the loss of his…
rt  stevescalise  today was a big step forward in providing meaningful tax relief for the middle class  thanks  repkevinbrady and  waysandm…
way to go   auburnu  awesome game  beat bama war eagle go tigers
  washingtonpost editorial board   put yucca mountain to work  the nation needs it  
rt  repwesterman  debate on the resilient federal forests act has started  watch on  cspan or on cc   natresources…
 let s return to regular order   - senjohnmccain couldn t agree more  sir  read more from senator mccain s speech 
rt  whaasstsecty  inspiring display of democracy in yesterday s march in nicaragua  peaceful protests and media freedom are fundamental …
my hayward office is hosting a senior education fair tomorrow  click here for more details 
rt  repdavidkustoff  today  president  realdonaldtrump s  ustreasury secretary  stevenmnuchin1 will testify before the  financialcmte  tune…
you can get the latest on how tax reform is helping folks in  ga03   just text  tax reform  to 50589
on floor to honor pennsylvania state representative flo fabrizio who served erie region for nearly 45 years & has announced his retirement
rt  peter100percent  thank you  repgusbilirakis for meeting with us today to discuss healthcare for cysticfibrosis  cf_foundation very muc…
i also has a blast visiting black acres farm in wilton and strawberry hill farm in skowhegan  i came out with quite…
to find a d e a take back day collection site near you  visit
griffith statement on passing of virginia tech president emeritus charles steger
my initiative to permanently eliminate the annual limit on per patient therapy expenditures in medicare became law …
congressional train & garbage truck collision  one fatality  one very critical  one serious-all from truck  of trai…
i call on all my colleagues who in the last several months have expressed concerns about spending to join me in sup…
ffa teaches young adults throughout the 8th district of missouri to do  to learn  to live  and to serve  countless…
had a fabulous time touring the  domtareveryday facility in rock hill  sc yesterday and talking about the benefits…
happy easter 
rt  keithrothfus  passed  an overwhelmingly bipartisan  comprehensive overhaul of the  irs  in 20 years  ✅tax payer first  hr 5444  ✅21st c…
rt  stevescalise  sports medicine practitioners have to travel to work   repguthrie s bill cuts through red tape so they can stay covered b…
great talking to you this morning  kylekashuv  god bless 
new  cdcgov report on growing concerns of opioid crisis  read my joint statement below 
rt  datacoalition  today the great act was favorably reported out of the  gopoversight and will now move to the house floor for a vote  tha…
i led a press conference following the  househomeland field hearing in cypress to further highlight the lessons lea…
rt  franklin_graham  my father  billygraham was once asked   where is heaven   he said   heaven is where jesus is and i am going to him soo…
rt  matteroffacttv  do we need to return to  citizen legislators   a bipartisan group of lawmakers want to limit terms in federal office t…
rt  zippyduvall  farmers and ranchers cannot risk a delay on the 2018 farm bill  now is the time to voice our support as the house gets read…
rt  financialcmte  the continuation of yesterday s markup is now underway  watch live →
rt  rsi  proposed bipartisan legislation by  repwalberg and  repcuellar demonstrates how existing federal funds could be used responsibly t…
rt  riponadvance    repmoolenaar says that new sanctions on north korea will protect the american people &help stop their rogue regime
onthisday in 1948  president harry truman created the air force reserves  having served in the air force reserves…
happy national ag day to farmers across ohio s second district  thank you to all those who produce food for our nati…
engaging in a productive workforce discussion with  govholcomb   mayorcook  and other state & local officials at cu…
rt  hughhewitt  read or listen to this interview w/  jim_jordan from this morning 
i m thankful the house passed the thin blue line act this week to protect law enforcement in this country 
this week vietnam veteran harold  al  pound sat down with my office to put his story on record for the…
rt  americanlegion  up now at wash conf2018   drphilroe receiving our distinguished public service award  watch live 
ohio is on the leading edge of the american energy renaissance  we are producing more natural gas than we use  driv…
great turnout at today s rpc meeting  looking forward to a productive new year 
rt  housegop  we did our job  we voted to support our men and women in uniform who answered the call to serve and protect this country  we…
pleased to announce my  ndaa  amendment to speed up doe decisions on approving lng exports was adopted 
rt  repannwagner  the cfpb relied on  junk science  when issuing their 2013 guidance on indirect auto lending and their over-regulation is…
congratulations to the 153rd engineer battalion of the army national guard  this huron-based unit won a 2017 reserv…
rt  repmarkwalker  when bills pass on handouts instead of their own merits  america suffers  earmarks are the most emblematic practice of…
yesterday   heritage president  kaycolesjames and i sat down to discuss measuring success on the  war on poverty  …
as runners pursue the annual tradition of running the boston marathon  we remember t x22 s  rebekahmgregory & her s…
alto  archibald  mangham  rayville   as long as i m in richland parish  i m home   la05 
don t forget  text  tax reform  to 50589 to stay up to date with the benefits from tax cutsand jobs act
rt  houseappropsgop  tune in now   nih budget hearing with  nihdirector 
rt  housebudgetgop  chairman  rep_stevewomack during today s hearing with  uscbo   receipt of the baseline each year means that the process…
our community is blessed to have caring organizations dedicated to helping the most vulnerable among us  the ozanam…
rt  housesmallbiz  this tax day marks the end of an era—an era of high taxes & a complicated tax code that has burdened smallbiz owners &…
these funds will be used to purchase new buses  allowing the county to expand its system and replace outdated buses…
collins hosts usda under secretary greg ibach in western new york -
rt  speakerryan  passing the tax cuts and jobs act today is the single biggest thing we can do to help middle-income families in america  h…
be sure to fill your tank today before the dems &  jerrybrowngov s gas tax hike kicks in tomorrow 
 nsf is not playing it safe  rather  we are embracing our nation s entrepreneurial spirit and trying something new …
happy birthday to my good friend and chairman of  rulesreps   petesessions 
  mrsb1stgraders thanks for your question  ask buddy
rt  newsradio1029  immigration  working to avoid the next shutdown and what he s doing while in the district   repfrenchhill thanks for be…
rt  sofxnetwork  look for  repryanzinke on the floor of the house shortly after 12 30 p m  via  cspan today to discuss 
rt  aliabcnews  watch  for this  opposites attract  i catch up with  reptomreed and  repjoshg to talk about their bipartisan problem solver…
rt  waysandmeansgop  how is  verizon passing along their benefits from the tax cutsand jobs act  investing in our children  verizon said they…
rt  waysandmeansgop  it s february 1st – and millions of employees across the country are going to start seeing less taxes taken out of the…
by modernizing and supporting our airport infrastructure -- a more efficient and reliable transportation of people…
my mom is my hero  happy mothers day  mom 
while  socialsecurity is processing disabled veterans  initial claims 5-7 days faster than the general public  that…
rt  housejudiciary  ending fisa s sunset provisions is not a risk worth taking via  jimpressoffice
shutdown schumer
tune in  i will be on  americanewsroom this morning at about 9am et to discuss the latest with the austin bombings
on holocaust remembrance day  we remember the innocent victims of evil  and recommit ourselves to teaching future ge…
rt  repstefanik  north country small businesses are the engine of our  ny21  economy and are critical to our region s success  during small…
i hope this will put an end to the misguided fiduciary rule once and for all  and that we can instead focus on how…
i look forward to chairing this morning s workforce protections hearing as we examine how the opioid epidemic has i…
great meeting today  and glad that we agree hops are seldom  if ever  consumed raw  i look forward to fda rulemakin…
rt  usmc  in memory of the marines from hmh-465 with  3rdmaw who lost their lives in an aircraft mishap  semper fidelis  marines
i m thrilled for  usspeedskating  based in kearns  congratulations  teamusa  
rt  mtfarmbureau  thanks  micah from congressman  ryanzinke s office  for spending time with our ag leader  wlc  crew in dc yesterday 
small business  optimism index  breaks a 45-year record -
yes  it is good for our oil industry just like the original deal was bad for it  talk to you soon 
rt  whitehouse   this is what our country has always been about  that is what americans have always stood for  always strived for  and alwa…
our budget paves the way for pro-growth taxreform & a brighter future for middle-class families 
as chairman of the house auto caucus  this evening i was proud to help repeal an offensive obama-era cfpb rule that…
rt  repandybiggsaz  during a monumental week for our historic taxreform plans  read my op-ed in the  phxbizjournal on our efforts
my first read of the day   us added modest 103k jobs in march  rate stays 4 1 pct  
fact
praying for the people impacted by tennesseewildfires extent of tennessee fire damage comes into focus  usatoday
rt  rep_hunter  tune in  marking up the national defense authorization act with  hascrepublicans and  hascdemocrats to rebuild our military…
great to meet recently w/ pulp & paperworkers from across the us  incl  here in the 4th district  to discuss ways t…
yesterday i met w/ pat lafontaine  nhl hall of famer and former buffalo sabre  to discuss his work on legislation t…
just spoke w/fema about irma  all 67 counties in florida at risk  returning to fl tonight to help monitor situatio…
rt  repmcsally  happening now  join me this morning in our armed services committee hearing   hascrepublicans   i ll be questioning secret…
going live now with  1450whtc & gary stevens  tune in &gt &gt 
i grew up hunting  i shot guns when i was in the military  including automatic weapons  i own guns  i m licensed to carry a concealed weapon
rt  houseappropsgop  chairman  usreprodney commends house passage of all 12 appropriations on time and on budget 
it s a pleasure to welcome french president  emmanuelmacron to a joint meeting of congress today  glad to have the…
the strike against syria by u s   british and french forces was a measured response to bashar al-assad s use of int…
  potus sent a clear message  he is ready to take a different direction & put america s nat l security interests 1s…
rt  aceducation  thank you  repmiketurner for your leadership during the tax bill debate in helping defeat tuitionwaivertax 
thank you to  elegantedibles for hosting us today with  hudgov  lynnepattonhud to talk about the improvements made…
also looks to national security  ✔️constructing training facilities  hospitals & bases ✖️prohibits closure of guan…
this news shows the need to pass deficit reduction measures and other fiscal restraints like a balanced budget amen…
 senduckworth  senduckworth  great to hear that maile will be able to join you on the senate floor  if she ever nee…
rt  justinamash  both the republican and democratic  fisa  memos should be released  i ve read both memos  neither one endangers national se…
only 3 percent of americans say they trust that the government will do the right thing  all the time   that s unacc…
great news ➡️ the house just passed the g r o w act 🌱to ensure the central valley has access to a clean  reliable supp…
keeping the government open is critically important  i sat down with  newschannelnine to discuss keeping the govern…
breaking  the house has voted to pass national concealed carry reciprocity  ensures that law-abiding citizens who w…
rt  govtrack  h res  838 by  repmccaul passed yesterday  honoring the life of first lady barbara bush  🏛️
 realdonaldtrump simultaneously  china maintains  secure and controllable  guidance to minimize purchases of us tec…
in  miamiherald  alextdaugherty  joined a discharge petition to help bring bills to  housefloor that will end uncer…
rip billy graham  a good and faithful servant  he fought the good fight  finished the race  and kept the faith 
today i addressed the plattsburgh  rotary club to provide an update on our important results this congress  i appre…
house passes va accountability legislation
happening now   houseforeign hearing on modernizing export controls  protecting innovative technology  and…
rt  dailybriefing    stevescalise -  we ve sent 16 different bills to president trump s desk that actually roll back obama s regulations pe…
new bipartisan congressional caucus formed to support our lagoon
community health centers are critically important to healthcare access in rural areas like northern california  than…
met with col  charles  chuck  debellevue today  in 1972  he became 1 of only 5 americans to achieve flying ace stat…
thanks for coming  i enjoyed our conversation about  nih research and student aid  go blue
rt  usnavy  rt to thank our guardians of freedom in u s navy and the  usarmy   usmc   usairforce   uscg  armed forces day
the futures bright for these grimmway academy students  should ve brought sunglasses  🕶
usa  usa  usa      freedom stands tall over one more monument  this one  this capitol  this living monument to the…
rt  koreaeconinst  had a great discussion this morning on u s -korea relations with the chairman of the state-foreign operations appropriat…
rt  garryrsmith  congressman jeff duncan speaking at palmetto panel conference   pp2018 
our nation s copyright laws have made the united states the world leader in creativity  we must ensure that status…
rt  michfoundations  such a treat to be part of the meeting with  repmikebishop where our leader rob collier gave a master class on sharing…
rt  waysandmeansgop  the house and the senate are working together now on a unified  pro-growth tax reform bill that will deliver more jobs…
rt  usdotfra   tbt  | take our daughters and son to work day 2017  we re getting our train simulator ready for todastw day  18   serviceforc… 
shared some remarkable stories today on world down syndrome day about those living - and thriving - with down syndrom…
today is the dea s national prescription drug take back day  let s all work together to help defeat this epidemic a…
i also asked the chief actuary how confident he is that we aren t going to lose additional disability insurance solvency a few yrs from now 
if you have questions about what i m doing for you in d c  join my telephone town hall tonight at 5 30 pm  you can…
i m grateful for our brave men and women in uniform more and more each day  celebrating 70 years of service and sac…
thank you to the north fork rancheria tribal council for hosting a great  ca04  community meeting tonight 
happening now  chairing a hearing with the subcommittee on oversight and investigations  we are taking a deeper div…
rt  wearealpa  capt  canoll on  usdot nai decision   we are extremely disappointed with the decision because it is an affront to fair compe…
house intel should vote to release the schiff counter-memo  it s basically a sloppy  chewbacca defense rejoinder t…
what does it say about the sincerity of congress in combatting harassment when members and staff can have taxpayers…
posey to host grant writing conference on september 22nd
rt  armenianweekly  measure to stop gun sale to turkey cleared for u s  house vote
martha and i enjoyed our early morning tour of the u s  capitol with air force jrotc cadets from jemison high schoo…
rt  nannburke  house approps committee has passed spending bill including  300m for glri   calling on army corps to release stalled report…
tune in  the bipartisan women s caucus is hosting a hearing on sexual harassment in the workplace focused on sexua…
terrific news  let the winning continue all year long  happy new year  maga 
fast fact  rep  sensenbrenner has held 81 in-person town hall meetings so far in 2017  wi05 
looking for a new job  a better job  a higher-paying job  after tax reform there are now 6 6 million open jobs – a…
latest update on the schumer shutdown
1 samuel 17 47 and that all this assembly mya know that the lord does not deliver by sword or spear  for the battle…
our train  in route to our republican planning conference  hit a truck at a crossing in va  the train stayed on the…
it s national police week  a time to recognize and honor all law enforcement officers for their work to keep us saf…
rt  repjimbanks  as a member of the  republicanstudy s steering committee  i strongly support the organization s longstanding commitment to…
rt  jslovegrove  in ridgeway this morning  where  henrymcmaster is set to announce the  opportunity zones  he has submitted to treasury as…
rt  senatemajldr  thanks to the schumer shutdown  we updated this 
amazing prank by the  cumberlandsd seniors  the cumberland pd is right   congratulations class of 2018 on one of be…
thousands of men and women work tirelessly to feed and clothe this great nation  god bless our farmers and ranchers…
  kroger is adding 11 000 jobs and investing  500 million in associate wages  training and development over the nex…
excited for  americanair partnership with stillwater to provide nonstop dallas/fw flights
thank you  ubcja_official for giving me the opportunity to talk job growth & infrastructure this morning  by invest…
women and girls around the world often experience religious liberty abuses  on dayofthe girl  click to learn more
rt  foxnews  president george w  bush   if there s such a thing as a humble shepherd of the lord  billy graham is that person  i am unbelie…
i strongly support the trump administration s withdrawal from the reckless and dangerous iran deal  a serious threa…
i invite you to view my exchange with the leaders from the office of the department of defense for energy  installa…
recently  i visited del rio  texas  marking my fourth visit to the southwest border  in my op-ed on  foxnews  here…
it s national park week and now that minnesota has begun to thaw  it s time to get out there and find your park  lear…
today i defended the release of intelligence committee memo with a spirited debate with old friend  chriscuomo 
also includes  13 billion for special education part b state grants  idea   which is a  275 million increase  we ar…
icymi  congressman simpson cosponsors legislation that protects patients with pre-existing conditions 
if you re in cheyenne  elk city  weatherford or cordell i encourage you to attend one of my town halls this friday 
i am working with  cityofdayton   wrightpattafb   mcohio   daytonregion  and  mvrpc to ensure our drinking water re…
rt  courtneykoebele  thanks to  repkevincramer for meeting with ndma discussing important health care issues such as opioid crisis and reg…
the 2018 congressional art competition is now open  high school artists in  md01  can submit a piece of artwork for…
   have remained consistent that the concerns of american citizens and legal immigrants come first  it is also why…
rt  houseforeign  outdated requirements bog down u s  food aid programs and drive up costs  preventing us from reaching millions
it was my pleasure to discuss this important issue 
held another drug free m o assembly this afternoon at  hermitageschool to motivate the students there to…
meeting with the hermiston police department to discuss their ongoing efforts to combat the opioid crisis in our co…
i was on board the train and am safe  please join me in praying for those who were injured 
 ga12  reminder - my staff will be in candler  emanuel  and jenkins counties tomorrow for community office hours  f…
rt  stevenmnuchin1  i appreciated the opportunity to discuss key treasury priorities  including the 2017 report of the financial stability…
 dozens of republicans are clamoring for a  dreamers  fix by year s end  via  washingtonpost d a c a fix  daca 
 thank you for your leadership and support in this bill for nasa  industry and the science communities  efforts to…
congratulations to sun valley native  hilaryknight and to the rest of the women s hockey team  team u s a hockey…
 rfischer  woodtv not blaming a party  i m implicating a person  and supposed leader  who is pressuring his caucus…
my two most reliable followers  can always count on these guys to r/t even at 6 45am  sassywithmassie
designated by congress in 1986  we mark black history month in february to remind all americans of the history of th…
a year and 20 million dollars later  the mueller probe still cannot find russian collusion  i spoke with…
the faa has worked well for the us for more than 5 decades  let s not try to fix something that isn t broken 
rt  reprodblum  the numbers are in - my office saved  275 725 80 from our annual budget  many career bureaucrats in washington think that  …
this isolated and targeted action by the president shows that the united states will not allow violations of intern…
as we begin the new year  i want to take a moment to share my gratitude for the opportunity you ve given me to serv…
debating the strategic forces portion of the  ndaa  last night …
i and my colleagues are proud to support a new extradition agreement with azkaban  mugglelaw
celebrating national nurses week with  enaorg to hear some of the challenges they face in their field  thank you to…
rt  secretaryzinke  in support of  potus mission to secure the border and keep american families safe   interior is sending additional law…
was great to have lunch today with arab mayor bob joslin 
today  repdebdingell and i hosted our 4th annual veterans fair in washtenaw county  glad we could help connect so m…
chairman  mactxpress joins  foxnews  danaperino - tune in now to hear the conversation on defense funding in the om…
this deal isn t even worth the paper it is written on  iran must be stopped  not rewarded  iran deal
interesting article on the use of body cameras featuring sheriff cappa who was a witness   our l e taskforce hearing 
what a privilege to be on hand & able to introduce medal of honor recipient  & south haven native  james c  mccloug…
faa reauthorization act passes  includes comstock provisions  va10 
rt  inglejohn1973  rep  thornberry s red river bill passes house  250-171   timesrecordnews  mactxpress  blmnationa…
this tax day marks the last time you ll have to file taxes using our old  complicated tax code  our historic tax re…
rt  foxbusiness    replukemesser led nomination of  potus for nobel peace prize   the only reason that the evil north korean dictator has c…
 who loses if we dither over taxreform  not the wealthy - it s the folks at the lower end of the economic spectrum 
rt  dailyherald  suburban lawmakers slam  realdonaldtrump over information shared with russians
intro d w/ reptedbudd the hezbollah kingpin designation act  h r  5035   these terrorists are a drug trafficking   …
today  we honor the life of dr  martin luther king  jr  and celebrate his legacy that continues to inspire millions…
 like i ve said in the past  the american people deserve better  the american people elected president trump  and i…
what happened in parkland was a massive breakdown in the system where we missed so many clear warning signs  this b…
working with colleagues on both sides of the aisle is the most effective way to tackle the issues that will help ne…
great news for the u s economy and the american worker  tax reform is jump-starting our economy 
rt  noahpransky  doctors  among gop delegation headed to wv retreat  are now helping those injured in train crash  that includes minor inj…
 marqgrossman i am author of legislation giving priority 4 immigration or refugee status to middle east christians targeted for genocide
rt  steveknight25  this week is small business week  from mom-&-pop diners to industrial manufacturers  our district is home to a wide host…
i m so proud to represent the district that is home to 2 of our nation s finest military installations  & i will ne…
rt  speakerryan  i m urging senator schumer and senate democrats to reopen the government so we can resume tackling the issues we all want…
terrific news on the continued good progress  stevescalise is making
investing in our defense operations gives certainty to our warfighters on the front lines and strengthens our natio…
sat down with  cityofenid s derrick silas to discuss my upcoming town hall meetings this month
joined loudoun county public schools p e  middle and high school teachers and virginia board of education officials…
happy birthday to the  airforcereserve  thank you for your 70 years of service  fly  fight and win 
otd in 1789  the 1st united states congress adjourned at federal hall in new york city 
 profwaldr  content moderation is a complex process   diamondandsilk mhhh  hmmm 
this morning i visited angie s diner in midway  ga  small business optimism is the highest it s been in more than 3…
following the news on the terrifying shooting at marjory stoneman douglas high school and praying for the students …
want to weigh in on an issue or see what i ve been working on  use my website as your resource  check it out now &gt &gt 
as  nafta  negotiations begin in dc  here s how texas and the united states can benefit from a new nafta …
the house just passed two important funding bills to extend federal government operations  protect critical program…
thanks to sens  marcorubio &  lisamurkowski for introducing the senate companion to my sustainable shark fisheries…
rt  irsnews  i r s tax tip  if you didn t get your  irs  tax refund yet  check its status with  where s my refund  
rt  fox5dc  singing phenom  angelicahale is in dc for the  nkf 2018 kidneypatientsummit on capitol hill-- but first she paid us the best v…
thank you for speaking with me about the important issues facing our small community banks   ia03 
video  check out this new video about the securing america s future act  my immigration reform bill w/…
rt  houseappropsgop  the committee has approved the fy19 military construction  veterans affairs appropriations bill on a vote of 47-0 
fact —&gt   potus  realdonaldtrump  our massive tax cuts provide tremendous relief for the middle class and small businesses  
icymi  yesterday the house passed the tax cuts and jobs act  a huge win for the first district  read more from…
attending eagle scout court of honor for hometown scout anthony berenty of howard troop 353  great to join othe…
today we remember those brave americans who perished in the attack on pearl harbor  we must never forget their sacr…
reminder  i m hosting a tricare town hall today   10 am in reno at the washoe county admin complex  more info here 
today i announced that kratos defense & security solutions  inc   a leading national security solutions provider  i…
congratulations to robin mills  the 2017-2018 edmond teacher of the year 
remembering one of america s greatest presidents  ronald reagan  on the 107th anniversary of his birthday  🇺🇸
jerusalem is the eternal capital of israel and that s where our embassy belongs  thank you  realdonaldtrump for an…
see y all at the  whitehouse  earn history
rt  jaysekulow  breaking   irs  ordered to issue outstanding determinations & answer for political targeting of citizens  read & rt 
rt  greenvilletech  ribbon cutting today  new joint use facility  sctac with partner sc army national guard  scnationalguard expands opport…
 skillsusa is a partnership of students  teachers and industry working together to ensure america has a skilled wor…
house passes omnibus spending package
all smiles at this morning s nebraska breakfast  great to see the nebraskan volunteer firefighters association this…
the women both kept the victim stable until police and emergency personnel arrived  amazing everyday heroes in our…
wishing all the farmers across  mo03  a safe harvest this october 
  nrlc state of abortion states   abortion stops a beating heart more than 2 500 times a day   h r  490  the heart…
i remain incredibly grateful for the brave first responders who put their lives on the line to save ours on june 14 
i m hosting a community meeting in paradise at 4pm today to hear from you directly 
thankful indeed 
rt  listendestro   realdonaldtrump bitcoin rules 
happy national ag week  in alabama s second district  agriculture is the largest employer - responsible for more tha…
coming up at the bottom of the hour we ll be joining morning line with janet and larry on  wlniradio 105 9 fm-…
rt  kevcirilli  more   congress never intended to make the internet a red-light district  if it s a crime off-line  it s a crime online  …
welcome back home  thank you   realdonaldtrump 
i hate to interrupt senator schumer with facts  but one nominee was withdrawn because of a significant bond issue …
on mothers day  my heart is heavy with memories of my mom  betty  she was a remarkable woman who helped shape me in…
good conversation before technical problems got us  melissaafrancis  will come back soon   mn02 
bloomberg map of wheat & soybean production shows affected areas of beginnings of a trade war  iowa is hit the hard…
rt  chronopinion  president trump made infrastructure a fundamental plank of his campaign because as a builder  he understands how importa…
rt  ascetweets  tune in this morning at 11 30am est for the  housesmallbiz hearing on  american infrastructure & the small business perspe…
enjoyed meeting with these alabamians in dc with the american osteopathic association   al03 
rt  foxnews  gowdy  surveillance programs won t be renewed until  unmasking  questions answered
it was an honor to speak with british pm theresa may  the special relationship between our two nations is only goin…
what i m reading 
read my full statement here 
chairwoman  virginiafoxx following the passage of the stop school violence act of 2018   all children must be safe…
as part of small business week  it was great to join  kysbdc and  sbagov s celebration of small businesses in the co…
bayer cropscience is an important partner of the crdf in the fight to save our citrus
and more good news  this time for schoolsafety  my requests to provide grants to hire additional school resource o…
rt  financialcmte  despite the snow in d c   our markup is continuing as scheduled today  watch live starting at 10am et 
rt  waysandmeansgop  watch live at 2pm as we hold an open meeting of the house-senate conference committee for the tax cuts and jobs act –…
visited with members of the  knowinsulation from missouri this afternoon  including one of m o07 s very own  shan…
today  we proudly introduced legislation to honor civil rights pioneer barbara johns with the highest civilian hono…
9-year-old melody wrote me one of the most precious letters i ve ever received  ❤️ life generations righttolife…
on national vietnam war veterans day  it is an honor to recognize the bravery and sacrifice of our western  pa  vietnam…
  realdonaldtrump  they want to be miners  but their jobs have been taken away  and we re going to bring them back …
rt  oklibs  oklahoma librarians in dc with  tomcoleok04   nlld17 
today we reflect on the many blessings we have as americans  from my family to yours  i hope you had a very happy thanksgiving 
congratulations to  senshelby on securing this prestigious position for our country and our state 
coming up next on  foxnews to talk about my trip to refugee camps on syrian border 
pleased to present  spacecenterhou w/congressional record statement celebrating its 25th anniversary  since opening…
  realdonaldtrump is showing real leadership holding federal employees accountable  i m proud that the president is…
rt  lwcfcoalition   civilwartrust  natlands thank you  repryancostello and  repmeehan for speaking  we appreciate your support of lwcf 
rt  ft_rucker  update  the national weather service has issued tornado watch 56 in effect until 9 p m  cdt tonight for the following counti…
great to join with  vp mike pence today in michigan to talk about growing jobs  paychecks  and a stronger economy …
i encourage all of florida s farmers and growers who have losses from the hurricanes to contact their local usda se…
despite what the media reports  i still believe there remains an opportunity for bipartisan cooperation to address…
with  easterngateway president dr  jimmie bruce last week  always great to stop and see the latest at egcc 
god bless the police officers who protect our communities and keep our families safe  and let us never forget the h…
the root cause of the ukraine crisis lies in the president s failed  reset  policy with russia  opp4 all  heritage
it s always a great time when the  normanchamber visits dc  i enjoyed discussing legislative priorities  and it was…
rt  exodus_refugee  thank you to representative  susanwbrooks for meeting with our executive director  cole varga and community engagement…
happy birthday   flotus  hope you are having a wonderful day 
i ve encouraged  cmsgov to implement their recent proposal on  vbid  to lower health care costs and increase quality…
rt  reprooney  worker centers  how unions circumvent federal rules -
read more about the latest allocation of community development block grant-disaster recovery funding …
rt  housejudiciary  🚨chairman  repgoodlatte subpoenas doj for documents related to fisa abuse  the clinton investigation  and the mccabe fi…
as a former federal prosecutor  i worked alongside members of our law enforcement for nearly two decades  i remain…
university medical leaders join congressional roundtable to discuss effort to improve patient care
it s time to get answers for the american people  i m looking forward to engaging with mark zuckerberg on how…
colonel craig baumgartner will be leaving to afghanistan & colonel steven sattinger will be taking his place as dis…
watch my speech on the house floor highlighting tax reform stories of sixth district residents   tcja 
enjoyed visiting with allyson plunkett at cabin 118 neshoba county fair
rt  fwd_us  thank you  repdavidvaladao for your leadership and for fighting to protect dreamers  dream act now
rt  houseagnews  our u s  agriculture industry is as wide and diverse as its people and plays a vital role in ensuring our nation continues…
  garyatwdw thanks for your question  ask buddy
our hearing on the financial nexus of terrorism  drug trafficking and organized crime is happening now  chaired by…
on the house floor talking about house accomplishments and calling on the senate to pass the important legislation we ve sent them 
the omnibus breaks nearly every promise republicans made over the last 8 years  i could not in good conscience vot…
on  housefloor  cyrus  russ  jollivette was an important and revered leader in education  health  and philanthropic…
happy birthday   girlscouts  for the past 106 years  you have inspired millions of girls to lead and create the ch…
rt  housecommerce  with a bipartisan vote of 242-174  the house has passed the championing healthy kids act &gt 
join us on tonight at 7 00 p m  edt for our sixth interactive  va05  town hall meeting of 2018  listen live on…
rt  kfdmnews  watch   repbrianbabin speaks live to  kfdmnews after train crash
 hr3364  both enhances existing sanctions & puts in place new sanctions against entities related to russia  iran  & north korea   2/7 
it was my great honor to speak with members of the treasure coast korean war veterans association  thank you all fo…
with a unanimous vote  the house passed h r 4924 and h res 724 caa reform measures  these measures are the result o…
rt  whitehouse  an inside look as president trump hosts the administration s first state visit 
i also got to  fly  the cockpit simulator again  & i m glad to report that i have improved since my first attempt y…
rt  veteranshealth  join va on 6/25 at 2 30 est for a google hangout abt the veterans choice program  tweet qs using choice hangout 
houston has the highest number of humantrafficking victims nation-wide  and i have made it a priority in congress…
rt  shopfloornam  survey results  72% of manufacturers are increasing wages and benefits due to tax reform  not crumbs
rt  ncrla  we re certainly getting our steps in today  thank you  reprichhudson for taking time to talk with us about healthcare  depreciat…
rt  nextgov  love him or hate him   darrellissa changed government technology 
thanks to the tax cutsand jobs act  today is the last tax day that you ll have to file under the old tax code  visit…
thanks to tax reform  mcdonald s is expanding tuition benefits for its employees 
the greater kc region s potential for growth & opportunities is unmatched  pleased to join my colleagues in support…
saddened to learn of snooty s passing -- a true suncoast treasure 
enjoyed speaking and taking questions regarding oil and gas yesterday at the east texas expo  thanks for having me …
thanks for having me 
i am proud to announce that bipartisan legislation that i authored with  repcummings has become law  we cannot expe…
congratulations to the four  alabamaftbl standouts selected on the first day of the nfl draft  roll tide
my  dc  intern sarah studies both political science and communications at the  uofalabama  sadly  not every miami n…
this is great news for houses of worship that help so many people after their lives are impacted by natural disaste…
speaking with the rochester technology & manufacuting association about our work in dc to boost us manufacturing …
great speaking with  graydcnews this morning about the last tax day under our outdated and burdensome tax system  i…
we have to stop allowing committees to put up roadblocks in bringing bipartisan daca bills to the floor  we should…
rt  inhofepress  via  kfor  u s  senators working to achieve highest ranking for oklahoma s va hospitals  on friday morning   jiminhofe …
 agmikehunter is right   new prescription drug charges filed…are the latest examples of why an  e-prescribing  law…
chowan & perquimans counties  don t forget i m hosting a teletown hall tonight  to join  please call 888-480-3626 s…
scenes from this morning s hearing with  secelainechao on the administration s infrastructure hearing 
happy st  patrick s day 
rt  houseappropsgop  watch live at 10 am   secretarysonny testifies before  robert_aderholt & the ag subcom on the  usda fy18 budget 
what must we do to stop the opioidepidemic  tune in at 10am today as we hold a  housejudiciary hearing with  deahq…
rt  repdavebrat  happy small business week  did you know small businesses employ nearly 48% of the employees in the private sector in the un…
rt  realdonaldtrump  democrats are far more concerned with illegal immigrants than they are with our great military or safety at our danger…
i m relieved that these americans will soon be reunited with their loved ones  wishing them a safe and joyous retur…
thanks to tax reform  mcdonalds is expanding educational benefits for their employees  the tax cutsand jobs act is w…
after  secafofficial s recent visit to  ar2   major general berry and lieutenant colonel harold williams visited was…
we are thrilled by the participation and talent in this year s congressional art competition 
great news for moorestown and all of south jersey 
it is important for the american public to know if the dossier was paid for by another candidate  used in court ple…
rt  csuf  have a safe trip  titans  show them what we re all about  👍🏀 titan pride tusks up  ncaa  marchmadness  csuf 
essential that senate confirm gina haspel to head cia  true patriot  dedicated american  unequaled cia experience a…
just announced  budget committee hearing on  growing risks to the budget and the economy  weds 9/14   10am
oh  texastribabby  as marvin gaye sang  mercy mercy me  things ain t what they used to be  kind of like your victor…
rt  vp  honored to join  potus & great business leaders & american workers at the  whitehouse to celebrate the largest tax cut in american…
rt  senrobportman  must read from  usatoday   opioid crisis has a new leading killer  fentanyl  s t o p act
in april  the federal government took in a record tax haul  marking the biggest-ever monthly budget surplus on reco…
labor day 
as we track the path of hurricane irma  now is the time to prepare & discuss plans with your family 
rt  ap  breaking  federal appeals court upholds bulk of texas immigration crackdown on  sanctuary cities  backed by trump administration 
for this week s connect to congress  i spoke about the crisis in syria  speaker ryan s retirement  and the effects…
the 2018 farm bill doesn t just tell  snap  recipients to go get a job  it helps them find one  the bill requires sta…
tomorrow  we will have the ceo s from the nation s major drug distributors before  housecommerce to testify on the…
today marks the 73rd anniversary of the liberation of auschwitz  as we honor the victims & celebrate the survivors …
i have had the great blessing in my life of observing  serving under and becoming acquainted with some of the great…
rt  rodneydavis  this afternoon we will honor the memory of uscp officers gibson & chestnut & the heroism of sas griner & bailey by conside…
rt  speakerryan  senate democrats  shutdown of the government over an unrelated issue is just so baffling  this is now day 2 of the schume…
here is another photo from the event in big rapids on tuesday  thank-you to ralph and all our veterans for their se…
rt  waysandmeansgop    mikekellypa at w&m hearing w  secretaryacosta   back in our district… i heard a common refrain  the tax cuts and job…
the lessons of courage and equality that martin luther king jr  taught us are timeless  he will always shine as a b…
rt  houseforeign  chairman  repedroyce questions witnesses at hearing on u s  cyber diplomacy
a special thank you to the oconee democrat party for participating in one of my community forums last week  while w…
and now it s coming to illinois  ty  govrauner  small cell technology will help improve internet and wireless ser…
rt  reppittenger    repryanzinke  thanks for co-signing letter to obama administration about failure to enforce iran sanctions law 
the recently passed  houseappropsgop bill for fiscal year 2018 included substantial wins for idaho agriculture  see…
schumer shutdown
joining all my jewish friends to celebrate 70 years of independence for israel 
rt  weatherford_ok  congressman frank lucas will hold a town meeting the meeting will be at weatherford city hall on friday the meeting wil…
 this winter  massachusetts imported  unprecedented  amounts of russian liquefied natural gas from a  27 billion g…
economists are increasingly optimistic about the growth of the u s  economy  the benefits of tax reform and busines…
greater transparency of the judgment fund will help restore trust between the american people and the government 
by 2035  social security  medicare and soc  sec  disability will be insolvent  unacceptable  restoring the trust
the epa announced today that weirton will be receiving an  800 000 revolving loan fund grant as part of the brownfi…
proud to join  daca  beneficiaries and my friend  repcurbelo to speak in support of a legislative solution before th…
rt  housegop  soon we will say… goodbye and good riddance to our old and outdated tax code  tax day
the palestinians are taking a hard line and they are defying the us  we should stop every penny that goes to them u…
next week my dallas team will be holding mobile office hours in wylie  sachse  rowlett  and garland  learn more her…
rt  repdrewferguson  today i joined the newnan-coweta chamber to talk about how our economy is continuing to grow and thrive because of the…
great to meet w/  kheaa this afternoon about federal student loans 
congratulations  sharon  thank you for your service and dedication to the local communities here in southwest misso…
stay safe and take shelter in johnson and miami counties - both under tornado warning
yesterday  i joined  billspadea on  nj1015 to discuss the positive impacts of tax reform 
it was an honor to attend reverend graham s celebration of life today  reverend graham will be missed by those who…
great meeting about advancing medical care through interventional radiology  i am sponsoring a bill to help w/tui…
 meredithwcu  wcu we re excited to have him 
rt  housecommerce  live now  sub energy and sub environment convene hearing on  fiscal year 2019 nuclear regulatory commission budget  &gt &gt  h…
rt  waysandmeansgop  just passed  the miscellaneous tariff bill act of 2018  chairman  repkevinbrady s and trade subcommittee chairman  dav…
rt  gendavegoldfein  thanks  navseacrane  senators  sendonnelly   sentoddyoung and representative  reptrey for hosting me today  the work g…
starting soon  committee hearing with  mickmulvaneyomb about the president s budget request for fiscal year 2019 …
we enjoy the safest  most affordable  and most abundant food supply in the world in large part due to sustained pub…
it s been 9 years since ike - the forgotten storm  can harvey help advance the coastal barrier    ↓  galvnews
glad to join  natlparkservice this morning to celebrate the one year anniversary of the creation of reconstruction…
good article on how recovering america s wildlife act works to proactively implement conservation efforts   rawa 
rt  sbupolisci  this morning jay rose s world politics class got to hear from  repleezeldin about foreign policy  who also fielded question…
our pro-growth agenda is fostering a better economy for more jobs & more opportunities for americans and their fami…
icymi   repbeatty and i announced the new civility and respect caucus  here s what some of our original members had…
last week  congress passed  fosta   watch my interview with  foxnews for more information on what this legislation w…
happy national ag day  missouri is home to more than 100 000 farms that cover up to two-thirds of the state  i want…
always great to stop in and discuss issues facing our ag industry  particularly on how we re continuing to find the…
it was wonderful to help celebrate the grand opening of the health and wellness clinic in eufaula this morning  the…
farmers across the nation agree – cropinsurance is essential  the 2018 farm bill maintains & strengthens the farm s…
my letter w/  reploudermilk asking all federal executive and independent agencies to weigh in on new accountability…
rt  houseforeign  live 2pmet   roslehtinen hearing  implications of a u s -saudi arabia nuclear cooperation agreement for the middle east …
today i am headed to cypress for a  househomeland field hearing on the lessons learned from hurricane harvey  watch…
 sheralann no defense  spoke out against 
rt  repdonbacon  thank you to our allies for the wonderful hospitality in norway  the united states is committed to working closely with ou…
  speakerryan  i have enjoyed serving with you over the last three years  thank you for your service to the people…
hearing from  recordingacad president neil portnow about the historic consensus there is on certain music issues  i…
join me tonight   5 40 pm for a tele-town hall with the citizens of maryland e first district 
malik shares what schoolchoice means to him - new opportunities  passions
my buddy   repbradwenstrup  received the soldier s medal from the  usarmy for his heroism on 6/14  he saved…
rt  housegop  do you know how many companies have increased the 401 k  matches for employees thanks to the tax cutsand jobs act  ✔  aflac ✔  …
 al06   have you signed up for my newsletter yet  if not  sign up here 
as the retired iowa farmer said  the three branches of government are waste  fraud  and abuse  watch this clip 
companies are taking the good news of the tax cutsand jobs act and investing back into the lives of their employees …
rt  sandiegocounty  school closures announced lilacfire
opic pays for bad business decisions of large corporations - voted no today   http //t co/vbduzkayr7
might actually be able to afford obamacare if american people had a dime for everytime obama offered a sales pitch→
 as we rebuild our industries  it is also time to rebuild our crumbling infrastructure   -  potus  sotu 
i am pleased to announce the introduction of the jake laird act  this is legislation that allows firearms to be rem…
nice nebraska breakfast this morning  great to see members from the nebraska chamber of commerce  students from aur…
rt  meetthepress  coming up  rep   jim_jordan  r-ohio  and  cevalloslaw talk to  katyturnbc about the russia investigation m t p daily
looking for an end of summer trip  try one of n j s great natl parks - morristown nat l historic park &  thomasedisonnhp in  westorangeinfo 
new year  new tax code  just 9 days away from the beginning of real tax relief 
rt  repmccaul  i look forward to working with  realdonaldtrump – and my fellow members of congress – to provide the american people a safe…
interested in how to modernize the music industry on behalf of music creators & music lovers  check out the…
live at 10 edt  hasc hearing on dod budget request w/ chairman  mactxpress  secdef   cjcs   gendunford watch here …
rt  ricearkansas   we don t know everything we think we know  we can always do better to improve the management of our resources   -  repwe…
rt  housecommerce  live now  sub comm tech convenes hearing examining telecommunications supply chain  global competitiveness  and national…
in cny   mcmahonryancac does tremendous work to help end child abuse  during april  mcmahon/ryan celebrates child a…
today i attended a naturalization ceremony and assisted the hon  judge paul cherry in welcoming 49 new citizens to…
over the past year  we ve been able to repeal harmful regs like waters of the us which allowed obama s epa to regul…
i agree with  brendancarrfcc   the country that leads in 5g will be the one that moves quickly to modernize its reg…
thx   pinecrestpolice   miamibeachpd    keybiscayne police for working to keep our so fla community safe  join me i…
proud of jarard ford of madison county on his acceptance to the  navalacademy   ga09 
may is military appreciation month  thank you to all the brave men and women…
congratulations to  hope4warriors on your ribbon cutting ceremony in jacksonville today  i am grateful for your con…
you may have heard that i sat with the democrats and didn t shake the president s hand at the state of the union  n…
this week  i had the pleasure of seeing columbus high  logan view high  and career academy lincoln in washington  i…
thank you  varneyco for having me on the show today to discuss important issues facing the country 
rt  grahamledger  join us for rep  gohmert s  replouiegohmert segment tonight 
want to keep up on the latest legislative happenings in washington and news from across  va05   check out our weekly…
coming from a family of educators  i have been especially proud to support and celebrate our nation s teachers as p…
had a productive meeting with the  naahq to discuss affordable housing and military off-base housing  thanks for co…
since passage of tax reform  11 businesses with headquarters in wa have announced bonuses  expanded benefits  & inc…
sheriff israel  4 more of your people did the same thing & also waited outside  holy smokes  what kind of an operat…
rt  nwsfortworth  a somewhat unsettled pattern this weekend with daily storm chances but not everyone will see rain  heat index values 99-1…
rt  repseanduffy  good luck to the  packers at the n f l draft tonight  go pack go
 faamanagers will feature an article on my fight against atc privatization in their managing the skies publication …
i enjoyed seeing folks at the hubbard hill retirement community for today s national day of prayer service  we pray…
rt  westerncaucus  the 2018 farm bill is now public  and our members are speaking out about what they like in the text  read statements by…
this bill holds our institutions to a higher standard in the name of protecting young athletes 
rt  steveforbesceo  great new nam ad highlights how  realdonaldtrump is improving environmental regs & creating jobs w/ the help of  epasco…
i support trade policies that strengthen american manufacturing  but i am disappointed in the overly harsh ruling o…
today we remember dr  king s legacy 
it s critical that the authorization for the s b  10 reservoir is included in upcoming water infrastructure legisla…
congrats to my wife marie  her extensive experience in int l business and trade makes her uniquely qualified  she w…
praying for  stevescalise  his staff and  capitolpolice  thank you to our  capitolpolice officers who protect us each and every day 
recognizing constitution day  politics
 he is not here  for he has risen  just as he said   wishing you and your family a very joyous easter  happy easter
 otd  in 1791  congress ratified the billof rights
icymi  my interview w/  gooddaymarianne &  gooddaykenr about my  tvt   librarycongress presentation  gooddaysac
one of the best times of 2017in missouri8 was spending the entire month of august focused on farms  agriculture is…
i ve been traveling all over the first district this week  constituents here don t think the money they are saving…
the time is now  thank you   realdonaldtrump 
find out this week s schedule in the u s  house of representatives and other important updates in the week ahead …
rt  greglarsonwdoe  during a conference call today   reptomreed talked about president trump s plan to impose tariffs on foreign steel and…
rt  seccountry  march madness final   7  texas a&m 86  2  north carolina 65
 i m proud of the leadership displayed by  repkevinbrady &  speaker  speakerryan on this historic legislation    
perhaps if we got iranian dissidents  doctors to hold a press briefing    
rt  flotus  happy  iwd2018   today we recognize  celebrate & honor women around the globe  on march 21  i will be at the  statedept to pre…
i had no idea how things would end that fateful day  but i prayed and had faith that god would take care of me  and…
this morning i joined  570klif for the morning drive to talk about yesterday s historic tax reform vote  missed it …
check out the full list of t x24 s 2017 eagle scouts  a tremendous accomplishment 
this is a generous gesture from mrs  miller  thank you for sharing the benefits of the new tax law with hardworking…
rt  housegop   the future doesn t belong to the fainthearted  it belongs to the brave   president ronald reagan  today  we pay special tri…
in memory of the truth martin luther king jr  shared with the world 
the people of west virginia s first district didn t hire me to just represent one party in congress  they wanted so…
  speakerryan has led the house exceptionally  & i thank him for his public service that has undoubtedly bettered o…
all parents want their children and teachers to feel safe at school and be able to focus on their education  today …
h r  5582  abuse deterrent access act  as amended  has passed the full cmte by voice vote
republicans launch new probes into obama-era controversies
rt  speakerryan  ✅ lowest unemployment level since 2000 ✅ jobless claims near a 48-year low ✅ small biz optimism at record highs ✅ business…
happening now  house armed services subcommittee on readiness hearing to discuss  marine corp readiness posture  …
one hour away  join senator tim scott and me for our facebook live at 10 00 am  we will be discussing our new book …
today is the national dayof prayer  one of our nation s oldest traditions with roots dating back to 1775  please joi…
happening now   reprobwoodall is managing the combined rule on h r  3144 & h r  4 - faa reauthorization act  watch…
george collins jeffreys  via  youtube
great economic news for al02  hyundai power transformers has announced a  33 million expansion of their montgomery…
these pending rate increases are unacceptable and i am committed to finding a solution 
going live at 7 30 est on  foxnews with  juliebanderas  📺
rt  repmikejohnson  live now -- discussing taxreform with business leaders in our community   la04 
just in  the unemployment rate has fallen to its lowest point in nearly 20 years thanks to tax reform  this…
the committee stands in recess subject to call of the chair following the last vote in the current series 
today  my house colleagues selected me to serve on  edworkforce  i am proud to be named the newest member and look…
i spoke with  bloombergtv this morning to preview the big  waysandmeansgop hearing on taxreform…
rt  sierra_nf  railroad fire evening size update  4360 acres  10% containment  560 personnel assigned to the firefighting efforts 
rt  healthylakes  thanks for signing on to support  glri  at  300m in fy19   repwalberg  we re making progress restoring the great lakes  bu…
however  i believe it will help achieve a much-needed change in the current structure  one that s necessary to evok…
tahoe restoration act of 2015 introduced - last 8 years legislation introed in senate not moved off the senate floor
tax reform
rt  waysandmeansgop  chairman  repkevinbrady s statement in support of the admin s decision to challenge india s prohibited subsidies ⬇️ h…
 butterflysmilin  spy_stations the syrian civil war didn t start until the  arab spring   which didn t happen until 2010/2011 
this is one of the best economic environments in years  yet businesses are struggling to find qualified workers …
if affected by the recent tornadoes/storms in calhoun co  make sure you register w/ fema even if you have insurance…
helping people with disabilities live happy and healthy lives is not just good policy  it s personal  i m excited t…
 it s so important that any country be able to determine its capital   the sc republican said   there s no question…
thank you to everyone who joined me at my town hall meetings in pauls valley  moore & walters the past week  i enjo…
i commend all those involved in today s successful thaad intercept test  see my statement --
honored to spend time this morning with young men and women who have a dedication to serve our great country  grate…
today the house ways and means committee will be reviewing a series of bills that seek to protect taxpayers and ens…
rt  mzanona  younger lawmakers in the freshman class - led by  repgallagher - ignite new push for congressional term limits 
today at 9 am → tune in to  billhemmer  foxnews  americanewsroom for a preview of today s house intelligence hearing with director comey 
what is happening at the  denverpost is a tragedy— and i applaud chuck for speaking out and not staying silent 
i stand with the iranian people peacefully protesting for freedom from the tyrannical iranian regime  the u s must…
rt  sbgc2c    congressmanhice on pompeo s north korean trip   his expertise in this area is tremendous  i think him going ahead and having…
i was glad to host representatives from the  socialsecurity  uscis  fema  miamidadeem so they could explain their w…
  ermizmo1
a fitting honor for billy graham as we remember his lifelong ministry 
congratulations   kylasings  on making it to the finals of the the voice  way to represent your hometown of topeka …
it s time that congress does its job and moves forward with one unified  bipartisan strategy for our dreamers  we h…
today i had the opportunity to discuss snap  food stamps  and welfare reform  work is the best means to escape an i…
 mission  transparency  trust  and inclusion have paved the way for  google to be a top work place for millennials   g o p future
rt  ahshighlanders  congrats to wendy dong  our highlander congressional medal of merit award winner  thank you  congressman mike bishop fo…
had a great time serving coffee  flipping pancakes  & talking with everyone at the 41st annual maple syrup festival…
rt  repdavidyoung  i warned china would retaliate and target our agriculture sector and that is what has happened  pork prices are down 28%…
after speaking at kiwanis  i visited oaks of righteousness in monroe this afternoon to bring by some food 
rt  houseappropsgop  starting soon  the committee marks up the fy18 defense & legislative branch funding bills  watch live --&gt 
  jessicaparkse ask joe wilson
rt  marinemuseum  thank you medal of honor recipient kyle carpenter for motivating our visitors at our  heroes among us  event on saturday …
 lisaremillard absolutely  and thanked him for leading on qualcomm too 
congress has delivered on our promise to lower taxes for the middle class by reducing rates while preserving the cr…
tomorrow the  housejudiciary crime subcommittee will hold an oversight hearing with dea and atf  tune in live here 
good to be in point clear to speak to members of the alabama municipal electric authority   amea_alabama  this morn…
check out the op-ed in  vvdailypress that discusses my veteran employment bill
years of inaction by previous epa administrators have failed bridgeton and the entire st  louis region  the good ne…
quick reminder  i will be hosting the first of two u s  service academy forums this saturday in abilene 
i m relieved an agreement was reached to put an end to the schumer shutdown  federal employees need to get back to…
rt  bgc_tn  boys & girls club representatives from across tennessee had a great conversation with  repdianeblack i and her staff about the…
the surface transportation board has failed in protecting critical digital infrastructure and the information it is…
rt  dcexaminer  it s time for jeff sessions to go by  repmarkmeadows &  jim_jordan
with the help of a fairer  flatter  simpler  and more competitive tax code  the american people are seeing more job…
local borinqueneers honored in ceremony via  florida_today
tax reform is working → unemployment rate remains at a 17-year low  economic growth is accelerating  business and c…
this week the house is set to vote on a package of bipartisan bills to redesign the irs  read more from chairman…
heartbroken to hear of the passing of former first lady barbara bush  her love of country and dedicated service to…
there s still time for  md01  high school artists to submit their artwork to the congressional art competition  dead…
h r  4841  standardizing electronic prior authorization for safe prescribing act  as amended  has passed the full cmte by voice vote
over the weekend  the southport fire department held their annual dinner and celebrated the life of bill jones  bil…
rt  housecommerce  2   boblatta s info act that would establish a clearinghouse that would compile information on federal efforts to stop t…
support our small businesses and shop local today for small business saturday 
america stands with the french people against this barbarism  prayersfor paris read more here --&gt   ca08 
rt  flcitrusmutual  it s not just jobs & juice  it s a way of life  save our citrus  secretarysonny  mickmulvaneyomb  realdonaldtrump  tomro…
rt  hurdonthehill  looking forward to discussing the state of our nationalsecurity w/ my  househomeland colleagues chair  repmccaul   rep…
hable c  telemundonews sbr porque me uní a una petición formal para que legislación para proteger a los d r e a mers s…
great to join rep  emmer  paulsen  & the ceo of  my pillow  mike lindell for a discussion on our historic tax refor…
rt  repdonbacon  enjoyed being a barista for a day  this starbucks in papillion is dedicated to helping veterans & military families   star…
icymi  oversight and investigations chairman  repjackbergman wrote  deptvetaffairs  urging va to remedy ongoing fla…
i planted corn in the 18th district with stark county farmer mike rumbold and discussed how trade directly affects…
happy birthday minnesota  i m proud to represent such a great state-- 160 years never looked so good  mn02
it also includes common-sense fixes to tighten gun background checks & school safety  and we can t forget it proper…
big news for the pro life community  the house will be voting next week on the pain-capable unborn child protection act i cosponsored
 dogs may be considered man s best friend  but u s  rep  ralph abraham is gaining a reputation as dog s best friend…
congressman griffith spoke on the house floor this afternoon in support of bills to improve licensing for hydropowe…
as we continue our work to fight the opioid crisis  i am chairing a  housecommerce sub health hearing to examine an…
more local impacts of tax reform  today i visited  godfrey_wing in aurora with portage county commissioner sabrina…
congratulations  bartlettil and  kevinawallace on being named one of the safest cities  thank you  bartlettpd for k…
  bookertjones said   american music is america s gift to the world   i agree  and we must continue to incentivize…
maj gen bowen ballard braved the snowday for our meeting  ballard was in town to discuss…
rt  repnewhouse  rep   cathymcmorris and my bipartisan bill to protect columbia and snake river dams was approved in the u s  house today …
just announced  june community office hours these office hours offer the opportunity for  ga12  constituents to rec…
